Neil, what would you do if the amount is up to Chicago and sweep the cubs? Four seconds left before 10 o'clock. You're on one. You're up. It's 10 o'clock in the big city. You don't want to talk. You don't want to talk. What are you guys doing? It's after 10 o'clock. We're going to check out this day. It's a Canadian Thanksgiving. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? I already did that yesterday. Nice. Well, happy Canadian Thanksgiving deal. I'm changed to bird. Excellent. All right, Neil. Have a good one. Don't come back to my way and come back soon, guys. Okay. We'll be back. We'll be right where you scot. We need you. Oh, yes we do. Bye. See you. I love this day and Canadian Thanksgiving. I'm working. Oh, Lake. How that game was worth of spawning Neil Rogers. And I only would beach. And one of those butt-floss bathing suits. All right. This is Kimberly Plummer. K ABC News with a one-on-one interview with Gubanitorial Hopeful, Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sorry. Excuse my apologize. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you. For everything Kimberly Plummer KBC News. I'm sorry to the people of California. For what? Those bad movies you make? No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimberly Plummer KBC News. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration. Kimberly Plummer. I'm sorry. Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your questions. Well, you're very touchy-feely. I apologize. Excuse me. But did you just touch my ass? That was a demonstration. Kimberly Plummer KBC News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your anida? What? Your anida? May I see it? I don't think I have an antida. You haven't antida, sorry. That's your anida. I can't believe you just put your hand. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, do the gas. Yeah. Good for you. Kimberly Plummer. You want me now. Don't you? You're a per. Let us have your anida. Oh, let you do do do do do do do do do do do do. Call them all. Let me do do do do do do do do. I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here for my level vote for me. Yeah. Why is it purple? Are you great? I'm a great either. Pull me level. 10, 0, 3, and 5, 60, WDK. I love that. 185 votes under pull from other weekend. This was our second pull on Friday. Little George was there Friday, so he doesn't know what that was going on. What? Not much. It was okay. It was sure better than the Abestian Clarence show for all of the A.L. and he's out of the weather. There are a lot of people who probably don't believe that. Think they believe it? No. Maybe he's going on strike. Okay. Maybe he doesn't want to be babysat. You think that might have something to do with it? Although Scott Junior says for all is really sick today. What's he got? He's sick of this place. Oh, like cancer that I blame him. That's why I'm not there. Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color we asked on Friday? And Miriam elephant runs away with it. You know, remember the guy Scott that called in was given me a song a dancer about. Well, she didn't break any laws and she was. As I'll say again was the same as grade Davis. Same thing. He didn't break any laws. Public finally got fed up with it and I said get rid of him. And that's what ought to be happy with Miriam elephant. Only grade Davis is a little grayer and lighter complexed. So that's why she wins our pool hands down. I spot Miriam. Oh, he pirate people. Miriam elephant 500 and three votes. Condolize us 358. Which we have a really good story on our website today. Just rip and kind of lease a big big ass. And clearance token Thomas 268. Those three far I mean heads and shoulders above anybody else poor Oprah had only 71. And then I'm had 69 and I've already enjoyed it. G. Fiedler 31. Brian Gumball 26 Johnny's cockering 25. Donovan McNad 24. Donovan McNad 24. 24. And Greg Gumball had only eight. See Greg Gumball should if we ever do a pool on nepotism who has a job on a because of nepotism. Greg Gumball went at like he'd be in a running anyway. What are we doing up now? What? That's a good idea. That is a good pool. Who's got a job or whatever because of nepotism? Of course you'd have to explain that word to the audience. Right. As in family. Anyway Miguel the QM rest of Neil family will be on today somewhere 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 163rd US-1 in North Dade and a gas station. I still say there's a big daddy's there and the North Dade's there. Whatever that means. Go out the corner and pick a good spot. Am I thinking of 163rd or is it one because the railroad tracks are right there right? Okay, right by there. Yes. Yeah. Or am I thinking of 183rd and the US-1? No, the tracks are all long both of them. No, no, I'm not talking about them. Talk about big daddy's. It's around there. You're not far. Anyway, we'll give you like, you know, about within a 20 black radius of where it isn't. You look for the QM band with our best in Neil Merchandice, which is really going over. Big time this year, not. Yeah. I think the more Howard David Keechay may have something to do with it. Plus the fact that people are really, really tight and it's amazing to me that the same people who didn't have two nickels to rub together who couldn't afford to go to any of those Marlon games due to regular season and now during the postseason activities, which there's still hanging on 65,000 has become the norm at PP Park. Isn't that amazing to you? Shocking. Even on a rainy day and all the other stuff, 65,000 yesterday, it didn't look to me like they had as many cup fans as they did for the game on Friday and Saturday. Oh, it was unbelievable. There were thousands and thousands that I'm freaking cup fans there on Friday and Saturday. weren't there Scott? Yes, there were. I got to know though because he was at the Panther game. That's right. And it's tried to tell me that Saturday night that there were a whole bunch of people there for the Brewing Panther game. One one overtime time. Another kiss your sister routine, very commonplace. And I'm telling you, I saw parts that I came on TV on a package and there was nobody there. And that's understandable because everybody was either at the cup Marlon game or they were watching on TV. Nobody was at the Panther game. Scott said, oh, that was at least 1314,000. There was. Yeah. Whatever you say, even if paper attendance at only 13,000, which you know, they always goose that by about 4,000. So that gets it down to 8 or 9 and then we take away the half of that that's been given away tickets. Not too thrilling so far. MPs get to go and of course, uh, for all I sure hope he's not homeless and while he's out sick. Or the sick of the place because I just want to say he was a little skeptical last week. What day was it was it Monday that I read the big thing from the inquire about rush? What I'd rather remember that far back. Whatever maybe it was I think the week before that wasn't it possibly several days ago. Whenever the hell it was and I read the thing from the inquire, which I trust implicitly would Scott's life by trust the inquire. They don't make no mistakes very often. And especially when they splashed you big thing on a front page like that, you can bet Scott's life on it that you that it's the amissets for real. So all of this rush business and for real say to me, Lines, we have a bunch of actual inquire in the alley. You really believe that and that bitch he probably made that stuff. Why was he defending rush, you know, why is he so skeptical? He better get with it. I think it was contrary. Is that just in a prick? At any rate, the bottom line is not only is it true, but then of course on Friday on a show, rush said, Oh well, you know, I'm going to get into that. I think my spend a whole show on it today. But here's the poll. I'm serious. I got a whole bunch of other stuff too to drop in. Here's the retired guy. WQAM hello. QAM. Happy holidays. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. I've heard you guys advertise a machine somewhere in Hollywood that stretches your bed back. A DRG or G. You guys are your bag. You guys are your bag. Your bags like what? Your bones to make. You don't even call me. How do you? You don't need a machine for that. Yeah, stretch this. Anyway, here's the poll for today. We haven't waited with you talking about. No. A back stretching machine. No, it sounds like the rack. Yeah, let's put his hands on a rack just on our Columbus day. By the way, we should probably have some special music today. Don't you think? And our Columbus day because I was reading that there's a big celebration going on All weekend for the Italian American. I was hoping we're going to watch some Columbia music for what? Columbus or Columbia and day? Yeah. And how about for Canadian Thanksgiving day? Man, I'd tell you one thing. Turkey and cranberry, sauce and stuffing and mashed taters with gravy. All kinds of good stuff. Did I drag it over here yesterday? What's your take? Here's the poll. What's your take on the Rush Limbaude Rugged Edition story? And I've got three, six, seven great choices. As usual, that's why hopping on our poll is a lot of fun. Wanna hop on our poll? No. What's your take on a Rush Limbaude Rugged Edition story? Oh, speaking of hopping on a poll, I got a great story that's on our website about guys and there are a buck crack who we're like trying to break a record. Seriously? Seriously? You see your laughing. Oh, the surrogate record. Well, I'm just talking. Also, on circumstances, men have a much higher HIV risk. I just mentioned that for George's benefit. Where's my poll story? It's in here somewhere. My big pile. I got a big pile. Is this it? Now, that's about the girl taking a shower. There's an infidio tape by a cop. 11 year old girl in a shower. Here's the one about Condoliza sucks and blows. Here it is. Iron buttock poll sitting champs crack at the 165 in Berlin. They drag. Rectom. After 165 days of sitting on your old poll. Anyway, I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. What's your take on the Rush Lumbag drug edition story? Here's you seven choices. He's a big fat hypocrite. I hope he never comes back. I'm still a ditto head. I feel very sorry for him. Rush is God. I always knew he was foolish. Or hey Rush, paper or plastic. Those are the, those are the seven choices today. I'm going to have to think about it for a while, you know? And of course, back when he went through his death period there for several months. And looked like he was on a verge of being out because he couldn't hear a god damn thing. There were a lot of people. Oh, we feel so sorry for Rush. How can you get me out of the idea? Yeah, this is so terrible. And the, well, guess what? In the new inquiry, October 21th, which I have in my hand right now. In the midst of all the rest of the story, his own doctors, new pills cause deafness this says. How do you like that? Yeah. Hi, girl code on over use was associated with rapidly progressive sensor, sensor reenural, sensor reenural hearing loss in 12 patients. These patients can be successfully rehabbed with copper implantation, which is what he had exactly. I mean, it's right there for it. Oh, we feel so sorry for Rush. He's only popping it like 130,000 a week. So we'll talk about that in a great length today because not that I want to dance on his way. Of course, he's only going away. He says for 30 days, but the experts on rehab and all the sacrifice he was taking Oxi Khan and all this other stuff. They say they're trying to make a chance in hell. He's going to be able to get off that stuff in 30 days. No chance. No way Jose is what they're saying. What put up, huh? And let me say it again. Plenty of people out there have drug problems, but what, what a hypocrite statements like just just a little piece. His common on jury Garcia of the grateful dead what he did. He said, 8, 11, 95, Limbaugh says he's another dead drug addict. That was his compassionate stayout. I guess he didn't like that Beningerie's ice cream. How's that? Who could probably made him fat as a cow? And another thing, of course, losing all of that weight. Well, in any way, 10, 13 at 5, 60, W. If you haven't, it was in the inquire where it's got. We bet your life on it, baby. Trust me. Don't trust Greg or a duck or clearance but trust me. If you have a crappy job, how'd you like to have yourself a new high paying career before the interview? Does it sound good? So call our friends at Fastrain to the advantage of this since before FDR was a baby. So what are you waiting for? Call them today, toll free at 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. Because it's true just that one simple call can really change your life. Fast train can have you train in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow like topsy. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules. And with six Florida locations including four right in south Florida, there's about to be one very close and convenient by use. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too. So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts, if you're in a really crappy job, you're frustrated because your life is on a treadmill. Make that change today. Call 1, 8, 6, fast train. Check them out of the web first. If you like it, fast train.com and then make that call finally and do something. Call 1, 8, 6, fast train. 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 3, 0, your time. 1, come on. He was trapped in ice. Stota top of pole and lived in a plexiglass box. Now master illusion is David Lane faces his greatest challenge ever. Come on man. I gotta get in there. We have David Lane on the can. Friends, alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half bath near the laundry room. Dave, aren't really neat. Take it in there man. David Lane on the can with only a glass of metavusyl, unearly empty roll of sharmun and a five month old sports illustrated. Dave, come on dude. The turtleneck is broken. Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Lane on the can. When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal matter. Oh, years man. You know, come think of it. I don't have to go that bad. David Lane on the can. It might be a pile of done, but it's still better than all his other pointless stunts. Ten 18 at five 60 ever go to a public restroom and you have like really urgent. And you don't have time to look and make sure that there's a reasonable amount on the roll. Oh yeah. And you sit down and you're already in mid. Yeah, you're committed. Right. And no, not just committed. You're already like, and you look at the roll and there's like enough, maybe like one two sheets. Hit that. Yeah. Like one like it's that the you see the cardboard once you see the cardboard you know it's not a good sign. Yeah. And at that point you start thinking about those riskys man. It's a one good thing that they came up with. But side designs vodka was like the Russian way of wiping your ass would like folding the toilet paper over like a hundred times. Oh, that's the rumor. Maybe that's why something's smell like that. Maybe that's why somebody had managed to sidebearing. I want to get you a kiss. What is it? The cardboard roll does come apart, you know. Oh, I never thought about that. It on rolls. That's almost like wiping with brilla. Oh, and here's two facts is now one that says have listened to daily since the man 80s. For now coming to this town is the end of this festering cesspool of a town needed. And despite the beast it says they hate to beast it rightfully so he does not belong in here. As much as I enjoy you and share most of your views on life. I'm putting WQM on notice of the keep twisting scots nuts. Or force him to leave town. I've had it with QA before for purves like me when you enjoy Frank casual talk. Scots audience would not be as large as it is. It wouldn't be as big as it is. And his audience either participated in the Columbus Day again of this weekend for the first time. And saw Elvis he was in a drunk and naked cruising around a party and inflatable dinghy with princess Lee. Also naked in peach bush fire to beast it said. Oh, right. We can go for both of those. Another one it says poor lardas gold farb in detox for 30 days. Maybe you can have one of no old friends help them out with the with the first special delivery with a package. Huh? Maybe broken. Send of his package. Can't you just see him doing a charge out with Sarah and saying juice. Juice. Juice. Yeah. Can see that. What have I always told you about the people who scream and point to finger to loud as huh? They're always the one and it's usually the right wingers. I mean, I said we don't have plenty of purverts like me on the left wing. But it's usually the right wingers are always pointing the finger. This was a pervert. This was a drug point. It's yourring rc is that on the dead drug addict. I skone rush you. Hippocritical bastard you look at the votes pouring in on this pool man. He feels strongly about this fat tub of crap. What's your take on a rush limbo drug addiction study like 10 minutes. We got 71 votes George. Maybe on a record breaking pace. Alright. I always knew he was full of Schmidt 31. I go to bat just like David Blaine. He's a big fan hypocrite 24. I hope he never comes back six. I feel very sorry for him for. Here's the one I voted for. Hey, Rush paper or plastic three. I'm still a ditto head two and rushes God one rushes God. I'd like to hear from those rush defenders out through a like a rationalized. In addition to what you notice now and the discussions I saw over the weekend. There was some of this crap about well, you know, you really have to give him credit for coming to grips and admitting to the public is from. He didn't have to grips with anything except all in packages. The only reason he finally came clean so to speak in one of those detox again is because the inquiry were out of him the national inquire that's gotten believe in. My Bible my heroes at the inquiry and I scroll and boys. And so what's he got caught with his deliveries down that was at the end of that. Before we get taller that rush stuff and I don't want to spend more than two three or four hours on that today. Here's a call from Pompano. Hey, I'm from the O. Yes sir. Just got back in from unfortunately six weeks in Connecticut, which. Oh my god. The listen. I got a story worse than a two days in Jersey. Oh man. Two quick while one suggestion one question. Neil did your father pass away. Yeah, a long time ago. No, this is a guy from Friday again. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I swear no, no. I didn't know. I didn't know that my father passed away in August. I was listening to you Connecticut and I thought I heard something. I was like, oh, Jesus. I thought I'd heard what? You thought you heard what? That you made mentioned by your father passed away. Nothing about it. We had two crank colors, which you must have been what I'm not. No, I'm 20. I was about your father's been dead for like two three years. What a hell of a story. No, no, no, no. I swear it's where I did. Your viewpoint. We got regarding about hypocrites for a future poll. Who's the biggest hypocrite? You guys, he's talking about rush saying about you. You guys see in this in your right. The same guy. You're the same guy. You're the same guy. You're the same guy. You're the same guy. You're the same guy. Same asshole. MPs get their hooks in if we are trying to sound very rational and he was in Connecticut for six week. You're full of crap. You're calm as Thursday and Friday. Would it same a daddy crap? What a hell. Was he need mental helps sir? Why don't you get some help? Here's one of the ditto heads. Okay. He's trying somehow desperately to come through the back door if you're part of the expression to defend his hero to the friend rush. So, all right. Don't you scot. We were getting the ditto heads were like coming on glutes. And so I read that story from the inquire about 10 days ago. Yeah. Coming on glued. And now that he's out of the pop, a pill pop and closet man, that are really having an nervous breakdown. MPs get their hooks into prostitution laws. Kicked Canada could scrap its outdated prostitution laws and if it'd be better protect the health and safety of sex trade workers. How do you like that, A. A group of MPs is quietly launched the study that could bring changes to the criminal code, including wiping out the section that outlaw soliciting sex for cash, regulating the industry could also be part of the legislative overhaul. Liberal MP, Hedy Fry, who is cheering the Commons justice in human rights subcommittee, said no formal study has been done in 18 years. In 1985, the Fraser Committee concluded that Parliament should legalize communication for sex and regulate the industry. The aim is to curb the harsh effects on communities and to end the exploitation of invisible women who work the streets. Get them off the streets and clean it up. How do you like that? And a panel of MPs will seek input from academics and experts will also conduct outreach work. They're going to be reaching out and grabbing it. Traveling to destinations for onsite input from street workers and Canada and places like and Studeham, where prostitution is legal. I mean like that. It's very important for us to talk to sex trade workers who may not want to come here to communicate for I said. So there you go. Just more more example of this country taking gigantic leaps and bounds in the future. At least in the future for the Western Hemisphere, as opposed to certain other countries that I want to mention, know name that continue taking big, gigantic leaps back into the distant past, like that last asshole with his father died. Here's Haley, a hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Friday I was listening to the national. Yeah. Well someone has to. And if you would have heard how the college were calling in and saying, well, wasn't such a big deal. You know, they were rationalizing what happened to Rush. And then a tile was saying, well, maybe this has helped Rush because it could have saved him. It could have kept on consuming drugs and it could have died and. Yeah. I was like, okay, whatever. I say God bless the national and choir man. It's what I say. Are they me and have a great day. They're all you. They're all you. Yeah, the national and choir is where the God businesses. They really have got the balls. 126 votes. What's your take on a Rush? 116 votes. Are you following this? That's astonishing. This is shocking man. I mean, we only just put the polliner like about a few seconds ago. What's your take on a regular Rush? I will give the whole thing for anybody that's been like, you know, wrapped up and more important stuff like ball game things like that over the weekend. A lot of big ball games. A lot of pressure. Dolphins beat a girl's team again yesterday. I just got a Patriots baby. Kind of a slow rocky start there. But they're across the giants. Rush Limbaugh. He's a big fan. Hi, hypocrite. 57 of you say that out of 140. I always knew it was full of Schmidt 48. I hope he never comes back 14. Hey, Rush, paper or plastic eight. I feel very sorry for him. I'm still in the middle head five and Rush is gone. Let's go. I can't do it as good as he does. Who does? Why should I have to do that? Right. He's all worked up into a frame. A little bit on edge. I'm not. He's waiting for that. Just calm down, right? Aren't you impressed by that? I love it. That took me at least 30 seconds to put that together. 1026 and 560 W to QM. Hey, if you're big and fat and you don't have a lot of pills to pop, you know, as the lose all that weight in a very short time. Here's the answer for it. Talk about healthy balance for life is the way to do it because they use the best freshest ingredients. You'll be amazed the first time you open your little black sack. Wow. You'll look inside there and you'll see five meals. Two gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your black sack. And they deliver your sack to you every morning by 6 a.m. Or if you want them to deliver it. And then there is enough food to keep you happy and full and satisfied. You'll see all day long. You'll start this and see in a weight melt off on that scale within just a matter of days. So if you're frustrated, if you're sick and tired of walking around, waddling instead of walking, if you're really out of shape, a third you could be a diabetic run a virgin but trust me when I tell you, diabetes ain't no fun man. It's a bad bad way to go. And don't forget, balance for life is the only company. Let's you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program every day every week, at least you fill out the menu. You choose whatever you like and you fancy it back to them and that's exactly what you get. No calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no worries, no shopping even. Just your little black sack and a big smile on your post and good news on the scale within just a matter of days. Call balance for life today and a guarantee about the first day you finish you look better than beast already. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check along the wicked world wide web at balance for life.com. You're a banging the butt honey. This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, tough show host, hemorrhoid sufferer. Folks above a 300 pounds, I know the agave of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellence the repository. You can end the pain and it's a hammer or it'll teach you just for my picture on the box of repositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from all I be the obesity and broadcasting network. Nice God Rushie 10 31 and 5 60 so they're going to have people filling in to fill in for like at least the next 30 days because you go in and we have a little bit of all that. In time 183 votes on their man. It just pour in and can you believe this? It's exciting. A spectacular response you're on a Monday morning. Maybe that's because a lot of people are off for work today. It's Columbus Day and it's Canadian Thanksgiving. So it's kind of a holiday. How is the like a lot of trek kids are in school right? Sure they are. They are a color day. What the whole was he stupid wap. It was Queen Isabella. Speak. Yeah. The one who was responsible for setting over here to salvage all the Indians. Uh huh. See? He was a silly sandwiches what I heard. They'll enter the pentan the center of the right to don't forget about that. That's what my sixth grade teacher miss helper used to throw away. You're making that up. And I say who you be. Have I got your pardon? She didn't say it that way. I said who you be. She said helper. I said what that's not like you would name. Rush Limbaugh recipient of the first annual billbenet. He'll be brought by center for the American progress. I love this. In light of Rush Limbaugh's admission that he has a drug edition, please see how harsh Limbaugh's land based drug addicts in the past is unprecedented in the stounding display of hypocrisy earns Rush. The first annual billbenet hypocrisy award. You'll say don't bet on it. Yeah. If you don't he will. Now he's just shutting something up. Okay. I told you I just should not say to the audience who think that I'm pretty stupid about computers, which I am in most other things too. Uh for a long time. I guess two years now since I've been here doing some of my shows here. There's no sound card in my computer and as a result I can't get no audio from it. Well I guess come to find out that every computer pretty much has a sound card. But you know it really helps when sound we want sound to come out. Yeah. When you plug something into it. Yeah. They're called speakers. Oh yeah. I've got a concept. What a freaking concept. So not only do I have my nifty speakers here which work like a charm. But also I got that real audio thing going. Really? Unfortunately it doesn't have to be bored here like it does there. But that's why cause anyway getting back to Russian the first annual billbed and hypocrisy award. Uh and 8. 1195 rush on here. A Jerry Garcia. He's another dread dead drug addict. Then here's another one from the Ruslan Bosch Show October 5th 1995. There's nothing good about drug use. We know it. It destroys individuals. It destroys families. Drug use. Destroy society. Drug use. Some might say is destroying this country. And we have laws against selling drugs. Pushing drugs using drugs importing drugs. And the laws are good because we know what happens to people in societies and neighborhoods would become consumed by them. And so if people are violating the law by doing drugs, they ought to be accused. They ought to be convicted. They ought to be set up. What this is to me is that too many whites are getting way with drug use. Too many whites are getting way with drug sales. Too many whites are getting way with trafficking in this stuff. The answer to this disparity is not to start letting people out of jail because we're not putting up his jail or break in the law. The answer is to go out and find out the ones who are getting away with it can victim and send them up the river too. October 5 1995 said Rush. How do you like that? Send them up the river is what he said. Which he ain't going up no river. Exactly. Here's another one. What's the date on this? 92393. I want to let you read a law with me from a quote from Jerry Collangel about substance abuse. And I think you'll find he's very much right. I know every expert in the world will disagree with me but I don't find any disease part of it. The first time you reach for a substance you're making a choice. Every time you go back you're making a personal choice. I feel very strong we about that. What he's saying is that if there's a line of cocaine here I have to make the choice to go down and sniff it. And his point is that we are rationalizing all this irresponsibility and all the choices people are making and we're blaming not them. But society for it. All these Hollywood celebrities say the reason they're weird and bizarre is because they were viewed by their parents. So we're going to pay for that kind of rehab too and we shouldn't. It's not our responsibility. It's up to the people who are doing it and Collangel is right. We've got more right after this on a wrestling ball. Propaganda or Just calm down. Okay. That's it. Just calm down. Out of control. Anyway, kids you missed this story because you were obsessed with you out there panhandling for money to buy Marlon tickets. Conservative co-alcomitator Rush Limba announced during his radio program on Friday. These addicted to painkillers and it's taking into where rehab said it or break the hold. This highly addictive medication has on me is what he said. He said, you know, I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life. He said during a stunning admission aired nationwide. So I need to tell you today that part of what you've heard in red is correct. I'm addicted to prescription pain medication. Immediately following this broadcast, I'm checking myself in way treatment said. There for the next 30 days to once and for all break the hold is highly addictive medication has on me. He'd be saying. Limba gave up his job as ESPN Sports analysts October 1 three days after saying on the sports network Sunday and it felt captain that Philadelphia Eagles quarterback, that was overrated because the media wanted to see a black quarterback. So I've seen the reports of possible drug abuse surface did about the same time first in the national and choir. The tabloid interviewed Will McCline who said she became Limba's drug connection after working as is made. She said Limba had abused oxycontinue and other painkillers. Law enforcement sources of spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to the AP. I used to shop at the A&P. That Limba was being investigated by Palm Beach County State Attorney's office. At the present time, the authorities are conducting investigations. You know what this reminds me of? Well, I actually showed it. I wanted to talk in head shows yesterday. They show Arnold sitting there with a straight face. I think talking to Broca. Well, after the after the campaign is over after the campaign, then I can examine what these issues are and then look into them. I mean, as if to say he doesn't know whether he did these things or not, he's going to investigate them. Kind of like O.J. investigating whom ordered his wife and her buddy. Kind of like the same thing. Oh, you think? Why would you say that? He's looking right now. I've just got through saying it. Limba said he started taking painkillers some years ago after Dr. Prescribed in following the spinal surgery. His back pain stemming from the surgery persisted. So he said he started taking pills and became hooked. I thought he just got through saying that quote, I read from him that you make the choice yourself. Right. How about he just said? That's probably the people. That when somebody puts a few lines out. And you decide to snort it up your freaking nose that it's, it's you're doing. And nobody just got through saying, don't do as I do. Do as I say. That's what it always is, especially from the super doctor. The thing you're pointing is the skeleton in a closet rat loose. That's what we're talking about over the past seven years. I've tried to break my dependence on painkills. And in fact, twice check myself in a medical facilities attempt to do so. I've recently agreed with my physician about the next steps. Is what he said. Of course he didn't mention the timing of his departure is just coincidental with the big exposé in the inquire. Which I just coincidentally happened to have in my hand right now. Like I said, the new one October 21st issue rushes. Diary of addiction, the secret drug tapes, his other pill suppliers drug abuse suspected of causing his deafness. Which I was the first one to tell you about that. When the first one said, you let your sweet ass. Uh-huh. Once we got that syrup from the Palm Beach post and put one and one together and got three and a half. Then we had to put the idea and speak a numbers. Take a look at that response on his pull here, man. Can that be for real? Yeah. Oh, they hate you rush. 234 votes in about 25 minutes. I've never seen anything like this. What's your we got a shot at the record today, you know? All right. Because we're only doing this one pull today. This isn't one of those were like splitting the half. I bet your Eric is happy about that. We all Eric. Uh-huh. He is headed. Yo, somebody goes. Tomorrow we'll do three to make up for it. 234 votes. What's your take on Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction story? He's a big fat hypocrite. Uh-huh. 100. I always knew we was full of Schmidt 73. I hope he never comes back 27. Those are three very positive categories. And hey Rush paper or plastic 13. I feel very sorry for him. No, I bet you Robert Green per vote on that. Who's too much of a pussy to work this morning. He didn't work, huh? No. No, because he had to work over the weekend. Some ball game crap. Meanwhile, our Scott Junior is much of a knucklehead as he is. He was there to want to clock in a morning because they slept in there for a ball game. They never got played last night. And he's back again here. Do nothing. I'm glad and for punishment. A glue time for punishment. I feel very sorry for him. 9 including I'm sure Robert Green per Rush is God six and I'm still a bit ahead six. I'm 134 votes. So those positive categories there, and up to a whopping 8.8% as opposed to the other 91.2% that say FM. Zimbabla's junior. 20 to 11 10. 14. Let's take a look at the agenda. We do have a panther Carolina Hurcom game today. Any interest in that? Scott would probably go to it in Carolina. Wouldn't you? Sure. He's a fan man. He's on a panther bandway and we love the panthers. The youngsters in the organization. Yeah, he's spotin' all the right to propaganda. Anyway, we got Mad Dog at two. The hoppers on from Schuillus 4 to 630. It was going to be about 7. But he said he can't like do three hours on Columbus Day. So Hank's 4 to 630. 2 and a half hours. Then we got the Panther preview at 630. The panthers that Carolina to play to Hurcom is a really suck 7 o'clock tonight. That should be two more points. At least they're going to get out to a good start. I think. I thought it was the hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight with their prestigious slowly touted show. And speaking of the only touted, don't forget rating stars, they George. I haven't forgotten. One PM this Thursday, man. That's when the Schmitz going to hit the fan. That's going to be a really, really big book and well, you got a lot of responsibility. Next week. I want the opportunity. When those hours by hours come down. And of course, I hate to be the one has to face Mo when you realize that out of that six year and a morning and men for well had like a 10 and Mo had two. I've salute something like that. It's going to be pretty embarrassing when to get the hour by hours Mo. 19 to 11 at 560 W to QM if you're looking for a really great new place to try for breakfast lunch or dinner. How about vikiners from my old home town Rochester near your cometta lilacs and really brutal weather. And home of the 12 corners in Brighton. Vikiners has been around since 1934. What are its legendary? And when you try it to win a four-lundery, you'll understand why it's on federal highway just after the Brower Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side, the Brower Boulevard. That's like the Dixie Highway. Vikiners is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before. These fabricated fast food joints, these pre-fab joints. Go and enjoy a real burger hot dog served hot fresh and fast. And the good news is that vikiners is being brought to Sound Floor about the same folks who feed you. Cheyberg or Cheyberg or in vikiners is using the same fresh. 100% ground shock made as Cheyberg or Cheyberg or an offer as you an incredible big fat one. A quarter pound hot dog. And burgers and dogs all served with vikiners signature meat sauce poured on top. Giving you a combination of flavors that will do a Kizansky right in your post. Available no place else in town either believe me. If you're looking for something really sensational, this is the place vikiners. They got lots of other great dishes to including a gigantic breakfast menu. You have omelettes cooked order, French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too. So whether you're from Rochester or around the quiet with you from hunger, no matter where in the world you're from, you'll love this place. Vikiners, they're on federal highway just south of Brower Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side. And time that old Neil Rogers from OK terrorists. OK, sent you by. Why are you here? Why are you here? This is for 205 cities. You way, yeah. No, from a tell. Oh no, my Barbies are bleeding. I better get some guys. It's the violent crime victim, Barbies. She's not too happy after being a costed on the street. And she needs you to cheer her up. I know what'll make you happy, Barbies. Look over a drive in your new Corvette. Oh, I forgot. You can't work as slush and you've been shot in the leg. She's the same old Barbie, but she's been shot twice. Folding the leg, and now she's being the prime. She's got all the weapons left on the wrist. Look at them, look at them. Barbies pissed. Now, you and Barbies can play in real life situations. Barbies has given up her dream house in motorboat for subsidizing an interim control apartment. An unarranged at a laundromat, Barbies gets mud. Oh, it's a nasty room, Jamf Barbie. It's okay. Dr. Cannell, hey, care of you. The violent crime victim, Barbies. Much of leg race and room dressing also separately. 1045 at 560 W. W. W. I'm happy Columbus Day. Happy Canadian Thanksgiving. A and all the other good things to do. Don't forget the lovely Miguel. I'll be in the Q. M. van. Somewhere. Very shortly between 11 AM and 1 PM. For sure. He's on his way. 160 30 US one. There's something there. There's like an intersection. There's like cars and bars, traffic light, poor cars and bars and churches and all kinds of crap. Sluts. And a lot of the best in the L. C. D. 2002 2003, they know how it David had keychain. Some of those demand is leftover keychain from last two years. Oh, right. That one like hotcakes. And whatever else you want, he's got it. No free tickets, though. And being a holiday being Columbus Day and a lot of people not working today. And the kids being out of school not. So there's no excuse for people not showing up and coming through it. A lot of cash for a band of Paris, and I'm sure being how it's a Monday. And the beginning of a brand new week. You probably got like a whole stack of envelopes with checks. And from the people around the building for a band of Paris. Don't you? Sure. Yeah. Duff Lindsey, he's the only one I think so far. Has come through for us. Am I leaving anybody out? Nope. That's it. No. And by the way, PD Lenny, even though you don't work there anymore, instead of sending a couple of stupid faxes, you could have sent by a check for a band of Parisque, you cheap tube bastard. By the way, we got another dead American soldier in Northern Iraq. It's worth it. Every single day, every day they're dying over there. A trio of attacks on US troops in Northern Iraq. Let's one American soldier dead five of those wounded. The coalition public information center said today. One soldier was killed. Another was wounded near Baji, north of Saddam Hussein's hometown of Dukrit when they're Bradley fighting vehicle. Had an anti tanked mine while on patrol around 745 last night, the Bradley was destroyed in the incident. Two other attacks involving improvised explosive devices. Four other soldiers wounded. The US military said also there's another story in here about the suicide rate in the Army over there, which is pretty alarming. I just mentioned that I have no idea. We'll get to it maybe or not. I'll depending on how much time we want to spend on. Loved it on Russia. You can interspersed. I'm going to interspersed. I just burst like a collar too here at air because they're so good lately. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neop. Yes sir. How are you doing? One of the other angles nobody's talking about this rush. Things that he grabbed and kissed this woman and broke her. And all that stuff he said about Clinton and Paul Jones. He even he was just the searching for bugs. Yeah. Maybe she had a bug up her fetal ice. So I like to see all the quotes on that. Thanks to her. He talked about uh... Hey, he's holier than us. What have I told you? The ones who say I'm holier than you are there, the real, the ones you ought to be running and call a goddamn police. And he seems to be able to play golf pretty good with his, uh, with his crony, uh, with their back problems. Just like O.J. with his bad knees in the Mason? Yeah, he seems to be able to, you know, if bush calls he's right there to two with his, uh, with his bad back problems and until pop them. It's amazing. So great. It's a great day for all the Italians and all the rest of us too, pal. Have a great one. Not that we want to pile on doing pretty, but we do, man. I go high, brother. There are fewer people I can think of that we'd like to see in a scandal in disgrace than this pop this off of grandizing finger pointing asshole lying piece of crap. Then I'm going to, and it's another book I'm going to go out and get. I got so damn many books out and I'm going to have time to read him. I got a half a dozen. I'll stack up lots of private corner book. I got the Al Franken book. The Al Franken Rush Limbaugh's a big fat liar. Is that the name of it? That's it. Got to get that tune. I was a good time being reading it. And she just tears apart piece by piece. Many, not all certainly because nobody's got a book. But good for that. I have to have an encyclopedia of the lies and distortions and bullcret that he spews. Tell those idiotic ditto heads up. Oh, whatever you say, Rush, well, Rush said this. Well, I'm sorry. And you're lemmlsing the rush. Those people need help. Those people need serious, serious help. And so did their dobermans do by the way. We got to get abandoned pepper rescue to save all those dobermans that are being in Trapped. And those ditto heads. Dobremans routed. Pit does. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. Does that make a more macho? Oh, I'm going to have a program. There'll be taking your questions asking for your comments. You see the toll free number. Call us starting at noon Eastern a little bit more. They just showed his fat ass under again. Not quite so fat ass because when you pop all of them pills, you know, you don't have time to eat when your mouth is full of kills all the time. He's eating pills. Now what in good. This is unbelievable. This man will not stop. Norma Kent will not stop at least at the phone call. It's a fact. Okay. He says for what it's worth if Rush is found with a legal. See, this is a man in search of attention and an audience. Norma Kent. Now, he would tell you these just trying to pass along some good legal information. Okay, Norma. Thanks a lot. And don't have that your boyfriend's call here no more. My ex-boyfriend. Well, I'm if you only do somebody twice as that a boyfriend? No. For what it's worth, Neil. Rush is found to have illegally acquired thousands of pills and subsequently gets crimally charged with oxycontinuroxycodone trafficking. He would be could be a would be facing a mandatory minimum sentence of 50 years in Florida State Prison under drug laws imposed by his dear friend, Jeff Bush. But you know, that's not going to happen. No. It says it doesn't matter if he's just the user of the legal prescriptions, whether he consumed or purchased a legal quantities, he could be criminally prosecuted for trafficking and it could be the prison that brought casting network. It could be Rush Limbaugh and Jazz McCay. Sorry by each. But if he great. I love it. Rush Limbaugh and Jazz McCay. All jail birds all day on whatever. You know, something to put a cheap format. I like it. So thanks a lot Norma for the information. Here's our best of meal total pretty week. 31,245. Thank you, Miguel. Or whoever facts this. I guess it's Miguel. Well, he handed it to me and I texted. He handed it to you. And the facts too. Okay. I'm going to tell you one thing. Yeah. If we don't raise some serious money there today, or wherever it is, he's going to be between 11 and 1. I'm going to come back to town. Or where it is that he's going to force me to lick his private. Is what I'm here. Oh. Best of meal total 31,245. And even if we do raise some money. And any rate. So here's the new inquiry. Where do I start? Top. Top like. Well, let me take another call or two. Because once I get rolling on this, you know, just like CCR rolling. That was rolling too. A paper is yeah. Here's for Lauderdale. This could be the one for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm going to ask you. What about L. Flinkins admitted cocaine? You, you fat bastard. Come back. He's a shit. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Al Frankenate pointing the accusatory finger. That's the difference asshole with a big potty mouth and did I admit it. Don't don't you love the way that these people Will be spala like a corner of rat. They like that. Well, too bad. He had been talking about Al Frankenate. Anybody else. We're talking about your big hero now. Mr. I'm holier than now. I'm better than everybody else. Mr. Ripon everybody in a goddamn world. But I'm pious. I'm a, you're full of crap is what you are. Man, you're a lion. Hippocrittical sacka crap. Who probably doesn't believe 95% of the stuff you've been Spu and on the year all these years. You're right wing anti-human garbage. They can't deal with a man. No. But I'm glued with 104 votes. 304 votes. What's your take on a rush. Limbaugh drug edition story. He's a big fat Hippocritt 128. I always knew he was full of Schmidt 102. I hope he never comes back 34. Hey, Rush. Paper or plastic. You spastic 16. I feel very sorry for him still nine. Rush has got eight. And I'm still a widow head. Looked up to that seven. Bring it on. All you did oh heads man. Bring it on. All your sputum man. All your crap. Here's another let's see. Don't forget another Hippocrittical last Spectre the Rush man. It says one of the frequent object of his volatimid is the dreaded left wing back trial lawyers. Now the first thing he does is hire world famous attorney Roy Black to litigate his fat ass out of the ringer. Excellent point. The dude you wrote. Oh, this is from the do I run this. The think is from Georgia as opposed to the actual asshole from Georgia. It is more than one asshole in Georgia. That's that baby. He's sore about it. So there you go. Thank you very much. They're whipped up to a frenzy about what's that. But let's hear from him all the little heads, especially. We invite you to call and share a see that you know who that is. You already got it on there. No, see nobody in data brow cause online. I know that comes as a great revelation. I know. Here's the book. Yeah, there he is. Here's a book. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I just wanted to sit in an oven. That guy, Rush Limbo. He definitely should be charged with trapping and I wonder how many hookies you probably killed already doing that. Well, well, I would say probably. I'm going to hook her as he goes. Yeah, let's take their Rush book about how the Clintons take it up. I pay down his book. Clintons go all the way and people that he fantasize about. In fact, you know, now I just something just on me. So now we fight out why he's all look at his there. It's more and probably just said in the heat of the moment. And, uh, oh my god, the wimpyest man on a face of the globe. John Henry. I must be crazy. I must be not about that brawl. I embossed it. That was there was really grotesque. Even Georgia's probably seen about that. Who hates force like poison? You seen about it? But it's just on me that now the excuse for spying all these lies in his bookrap. Over the years is going to be because he was like, uh, yeah. Stowed off his ass. That sounds like a real good cup. I've done it. No, he's not going to say that. Miguel 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at somewhere. 163 d.s. Want to look for the QM family. We'll take exactly where as soon as he gets there in the science. Or he's going to be with our best of merchandise. And come by with some cash, remain in per rescue. Try to make up for the cheap pastries I work with inside that building. Who's so far other than stuff haven't given me like that. They have not even that. Not even like a little sack of that. 314 votes man. They're pouring in. They're pouring in all the rushies of the. Yeah. Oh no. And they tried to turn it around. You know, this one is that. And you know, and Alfred is all taken. He's doing it up the nose. Everybody. I'm talking about everybody else. I'm talking about your hero man. Who's off the air for at least 30 days because he's in rehab now for the third time. You've turned exactly. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Ground time second time. And I've been listening to you since I moved down here. From 368. I'm a little mad. And I've been in recovery from a 22 years. I am so happy that that. That hit the critical Ryan sack of dog meat is going down. And he will never recover because he lives in a 30 million dollar home. He has never hit bottom. He doesn't know what a bottom is. And that's what's going to happen. But anybody that is so analytical and so intelligent and so. Pompos. But he is. I've been answering people for 22 years. I've seen them go back and kill themselves. And he ain't going to do anything until he gets final bottom. And ends up losing everything. And when he has bought him, we're all going to feel it would be like a quake. He's just here. He's just so powerful and so full of himself. And that it's just. It was a whole day. I saw him go down. Maybe it's made my whole month. Oh, tell you that. I'm not holding your. I'm coming personally. I would like to have a little empathy for him. But that's not this time. If you can make an exception. I just want to make an exception. I love you. And keep it to work. I even love George. So there you go. You're helping. I've got a lot, pal. Even loves George. Oh, my. I didn't look over. You're sports radio 560's. You a. You a. I have to stop right now. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were a Danish band who Pope fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey, who said the f*** Danish have a right to do that? They were aqua. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you. See you in the minute news. Throw me a play Barbie in the band's famous video. I spoke to a student interpreter. I love you. Yes. Even though we were quite popular at home, we had these ones. One a Danish Grammy. Well, a Danish Grammy. When we were that award ceremony was like. And Dine Vineries. Aqua. Thank you. But when we ran as foreign awards, it's not all Aqua is known for. They were also sued by American Toymaker Mithel, who owns the Barbie trademark. A Mithel spokesman spoke to us through an interpreter. Okay, he's saying those things. How they think they're they think. They think that would be those. The Barbie is ours. You Aqua. But we tell lost the case. Of the query for Aqua. They spoke to us through an interpreter. No, no, no, no. I believe that. Nyan, nyan, nyan, nyan. Aqua. Those wacky Danish. Did they even know we named a breakfast food after them? It's a big juicy shopping wed. Look at show business tonight. An inside the behind. What was that freedom price? 11 out to a five 60 W to Q. I am anyway. Here's our most chronic of all the facts. Who ought to be pinned a little bit more attention. Can you post the rush quotes on a website? I'm getting with happiness. Thanks. It's already been on there. So if you go to our website and just look. It was over the weekend. Just a headline. It's a store from common dreams.com. .org. Whatever it is. Stop. First annual billbed it had hypocrisy award. That's the headline you're looking for. It's it's on there Along with the other good stories including the one from newsweek, which I have in my hand right now I don't know where to how to start you know Top left because I got the inquire thing and got the newsweek story Which you know people at poo poo the inquire don't be poop-pool any inquire Anybody's got a brain out there you know I'm talking about Yes, say Don't you rate 560 pound 560 if we now it's 1103 do we know where my girl is you know where your kids are now? No, he ain't called yet. He hasn't called yet. Well, how do we do an appearance from 11A number one PM? What's 1103? We don't know where to held you. Well, he's on he's somewhere around by 160 30. West one. He probably found a big daddy's there Maybe it's like he's loaded there's where he's daddy's liqueur's and doors Oh, now you're sending me car. Oh, look at this Ha ha ha ha hauhuh hind That's cute got a bunch of Donkeys Donkeys all Citing with big smiles. They're pushing 25 and night slaping used other runny ass. I need u to the zha SLet's rob those burgers That's right a lot of people are inhabited a maybe a look at the results on the pool People are ecstatic because finally there's big top of gas this big stat I do want to read that one story about his hearing. Because there were some people saying, Oh well, how do you remember that doctor that called that one day? He said, well, let's news to me. Well, like most of our foretold doctors, and the common cold is probably news to them too. His own doctor's new pills caused deafness. This is on page 37 in the October 21 National Enquirer, our Bible. The deafness that nearly ended��limbos career was almost certainly caused by his massive abuse and prescription and prescription narcotics, according to the latest scientific research from the experts who treated the talk radio titan. Incredibly, the prestigious group of ear doctors who gave Limbaugh a career-saving inner implant two years ago was also the first group to make note of the close connection between deafness and narcotics abuse. Patients who abuse combinations of the narcotic hydrocodone and acetaminophen could be causing the development of hearing problems and sudden deafness, Dr. Bradford Ress, a top floor to ear specialist who practices in Boko, but who was not treating Limbaugh told Ian Quire, that's the finding of the latest research which came from the House Air Institute in Lost Angeles. It seems more than just a coincidence that then that Dr. Antonio de la Cruz, I wanted Dr. Antonio de la Cela Cruz. Of the same prestigious house institute was the surgeon who installed a cocktail implant Limbaugh's left ear in December 2001 to prevent total deafness. Do you hear me? Huh? The institute's president, Dr. John House, first made the drug-slash deafness connection in March 2000 when he published a report in the American Journal of Oderler in Geology. What? Oderler in Geology? What are you voters? Yeah, that. With a tea, odor with a tea, odor with a rotor. Hydrocodone overuse was associated with rapidly progressive sensor renewal, see I can't say that. It's a sensor renal hearing loss in 12 patients. These patients can be successfully rehabilitated with cocktail implantation. One of the most frightening aspects of the opiate-related dip, this is that the process of going deaf, doesn't necessarily stop when the drug abuse does according to reports. Some patients have retained some hearing if they stop using the pain killers immediately come in a doctor house, but for the most part the damage is already done. Once the process starts it seems irreversible as what he said. Oh, I feel like that. Of course they huh? So we've got a streaking copler implant and my comment came is Castle Huis. Oh, but Neil, we should all pray for Russian hope for the best. I'll be praying for him. We're going to back on here. They're right away. Some of these bogus of fillings are going to happen next 30 days. It's going to be really ponderous. You know what? I mean, what do the deal he's going to do for 30 days? Here's a fact that says a couple of points. Whether these did oh heads like it or not, but they don't want to admit is that all this time he'd been high when he's on his throne. Speaking to them, all of his wisdom with its moral high ground pomposity, all his right wing talking points, which make up the basis of their personal politics, comes not from one who walks the walk. It comes on whose stone office ass and doesn't as a pills today. And you are. That's so ridiculous. Oh, and here's another addendum on this fact. Good points. As I hope the Marlins don't win because the talks already started again about a new stadium. If they win the division or God forbid the world's serious, it'll definitely get that bullshitting rolling again. Well, you're right. That's what everybody's on. No, just waiting for this is just their own. But look at that. They've packed 65,000 people again in there. Yeah, well, we'll see how long that would last. Yeah. But don't you find an amazing that wouldn't it's like a special event itself. Or the skies, the limit. People have got all the money in the world. Whether they're stealing, whether they're like selling crack to get the money. I don't know what they're doing. Didn't the gal call them on the snow where he is. What kind of an appearance is this? It's a game. It's a game traffic again. What traffic gets a holiday? The kids are in the mood today. I think kids in school are in school. That's why just said. I dropped a little one there and he bit on it. Oh, look at this two more votes for 400 less than an hour. This is not a little more. We're breaking new ground on this show today. This is so shocking that even I can't believe it. Four or three. They're coming in and chunks. Ready for that? Because finally, those of us who aren't part of this far right Bible-thumping finger pointing bunch of bigoted Neanderthal assholes, finally, we got the big fish. The big fat fish. Obviously a fast fish. Probably all that swimming keeps him going to get you. I keep that. You know, it's not to think about that. Southwest corner. Actually, he would have made it. Southwest corner. Exxon. At the exon station. We couldn't find a triple x place. We got a double x. That's an express thing. At the exon station. On the southeast corner of a hundred and six. Out of the east corner. What? South east corner. South east corner. Didn't you just get you same Southwest? I was just repeating what he said. At the southeast corner of Exon and the US one. Maybe he would turn around. At the hundred and sixty-third speed station. So there's where he is. Look for that QM van. You can't miss it even if you want to do. And come up with some cash for a band of Parisians. And get your more Howard David a keychain. He'd always have smothered the loot. And all the other in our best meal CD. At the center. Four hundred and three votes. In much less than an hour. Got to be. I think we better head for the shower. Seriously, after seeing this kind of response. It's phenomenal. What's your take on a rush. Limbaude drug edition story. He's a big, big fat hypocrite. 169. I always knew he was full of Schmidt. 129. That's probably about 40 at least 50 pounds of what he was carrying. I hope he never comes back 49. Hey, rush. Paper or plastic. 20. Rush is God 14. I feel very sorry for him 13, which is not usually a very lucky number. At least then Marina's wearing it. And. Or Matt Sunday. I don't wait to leave suck. And I'm still a ditto head nine. And I guarantee that one of those is Robert creep. Yeah. Now probably voted four times. That's why he laid out. He stayed home today. So we could the ditto awareness on his PC. He's ditto on it. Yeah. I was going to rob her. You're a little quizzling. You're a little closet case. You're a little professional. You'd you silly person you. Newsweeks out of big front page cover story. I'm going to have to go out and be my by my newsweek today. As a matter of fact, is that the noon? You going to get it? Yes. Because I know that some of the people out there. Well, you know, the inquire or even though they may be right this time. But the well, here's newsweek. Heart bomb. I'm sure that a lot of those right wingers were considered even newsweek to be a pinko publication. Anything other than the national review and whatever that new version of the spotlight is that an astronaut. I'm addicted to prescription pain medication. True confession is Limbalb building army of admirers with his hard right Rans. But off the year, he was a lonely man who may have broken a lot of a few dissidition. The real rush by Evan Thomas in Newsweek. I'm a saving that. Oh, man. What? I am. I'm vibrating. And this wound more than anと思mer. I don't know when the wild people go to Kail, in everybody, in his country because he deserves. Everybody in this country deserves, we have been piled on to it. It's fat top of crap. loin, hypocritical sac rougage and his, his initial response, just like honor. While they investigate what a campaign is over with a campaign is. Y'know, right after he gets in there, pissed off, okay? I don't think that the majority of that crap had hell of a lot to do with Arnold. The fact is that was Antagray Davis, they hit them like poison and see the Cruz bush to money, they didn't like her singing. It was all because of that driver's license thing that he signed. That's what it was. Well, not come to fight out that even the Julio's out there don't want all these illegal's getting driver license. Of course not. They'd like to get to work sometime before midnight. Things like that. But here's the same crap as initial response to this you recall back on whatever the days where when his sex was a came out. What was it? What Wednesday and Thursday? Well, and they show him on TV. This was, no, it was a week before because it was right after the Dottomack McNadda ESPN crap. Right. Or is it last week? Was that on Sunday? The Wednesday. I see time flies when you have it a good time. This last week and at the thing happened with ESPN pregame show. And then by midweek that thing we had blown up and he got canned on Wednesday pretending that he resigned, which he didn't got canned. And then right on the heels of that here came the inquire. But I've been. And he's well, I intend to fully cooperate with a law enforcement authority. I'm not aware of any investigation at this time. I'll be fine. Oh, I know what's going on. Right. He's going to have to talk with a few people to find out what's going on. Probably talk to Wilma to see if the ship and came in yet. Yeah, that's what I want to talk to. First. Hey, Wilma. What do you got? I got to read. I just love these quotes. I love it. But we'll get to it. I'll work up there. You bet. He's a crap. Levin, look at this. Drugs. How addictive is it? Well, you know, there's a lot of mythology surrounding these drugs. For a while, the thought was if you looked at these kinds of drugs, you'd get hooked. That was a problem because a lot of people didn't get these drugs, who needed them. More recently, the mythology has been, you could use these drugs without any risk. And these drugs do have an addictive potential. They can be abused and they can be a contented drug or a morphing. Maybe a kill the pain of all that Volkrap he was spoon every day. 1113 at 560 WDQM. Hey, it's that time of the year again. All the betting in the furniture store start. Come out with those phony sales. I just want to tell you right now. If you're buying a mattress from anybody we side down on mattress, you're getting ripped off. You're a fool. If you don't want to be running all over town, comparison shopping. If you don't want to waste all the time, gas never, if you don't want to pay for somebody's big overhead to do the smart thing like I do, and just about anybody with even a segment of a brain does call dial a mattress. Because they give it the best deal all day every day 365 days a year. For true discount prices on the top names in a business, Seely, sur'd a tempered, eximmons, King Coil, Stearns of Ananas Foster, called 1-800 mattress, no BS, no phony sales, no house brands, no false promises, and you don't pay a premium for the best service going in the world. And they still do that to our delivery window. You pick the window and they jump right through it. They'll be there. Just when they say, you want to be between noon and two, one and three, whatever day seven days a week, they'll be there. And the hours you choose from eight and a morning till ten and a night when it's convenient for you. We sleep on like a baby the first night, like I've been for years on my dial a mattress. With low prices same day delivery free set up and move, let's easy to see why they're ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. So don't get yourself sucked in by those mattress rooms or furnitures derands. They're not in the same ballpark with dial a mattress. Call them two day tool free. You'll be glad you did call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at Macרכers.com Oh my girl, should keep that clothes on Oh my girl, should keep that clothes on Hey, probably have a real hair red dot Hey, look, give some food, talk about it Just count it red, you can tell it's there A genova child, oh my girl, should keep that clothes on Oh my girl, should keep that clothes on Oh my girl, should keep that clothes on When my work is dead, you've done all the gods Don't feel more on Oh my girl, should keep that clothes on Wasn't I say that five or six if we hate Walmart? We hate Rush Limbao, we don't hate too many people Right, we just hate a few, select organizations and institutions And people stand for right wing crap 453 votes, are you believe in that in about an hour? How about that? This is shocking, man, 454. What's your take on a Rush Limbao drug addiction story? He's a big fat hypocrite, 195. I always knew it was full of Schmidt 146. I hope he never comes back, 53. Hey Rush, paper, plastic 21. Rush is God 17. I feel very sorry for him still that unlucky 13. And I'm still a Dido head nine. Says of course Robert creeper. Yeah, right, you can be danger he voted on this. Is there any doubt? No, no. Bad news. You prepared for it? Sure. What happened to George? Is he out taking a crap again? Perhaps. Is he? Sure. Oh, seriously, is that my psychic Premination coming through again, George is taking a crap I'm trying to grab a pussy. I'm sitting in here, I don't know. And he's not sitting in there, is what you're trying to say? Yes. Okay. And anyway, a former Miss America and wife of Lieutenant Governor Steve Henry was struck a bicyclist with her car killing the woman police said. In Louisville. Heather French Henry, who was Miss America 2000. Remember her? No. Neither why. The police, the son, was in a rise as she was turning at an intersection last night. And struck the 43 year old woman who was crossing outside the crosswalk. No, this is. When this is told, police Henry had a green light at the time. Henry and her infant daughter were not injured. The victim later died at university of Louisville. Hospitals, he was not wearing a helmet. A bicyclist who was not wearing a helmet. I guess that she deserved it. Isn't that it? And I'm not going to try to say. Sure. So there you go. She's dead and Heather, Heather French Henry. Is George back? Oh, yeah, I'm back. Thank you. Were you taking another crap? A giant one. Again? I think it's the rush door. I think he's like affecting a lot of our systems. We're getting a lot of crap out of our systems. That's been pent up in there for all too long. Right? I had a rush to the bathroom. And by the way, a bulletin, my father still did. I just got the information right now. We just double checked. He's still dead. Wow. The rush guy that's coming apart coming on glued. He's coming on glue. Oh, you love it. Oh, yeah. Rush Limbaugh's secret drug tapes here it is. I got it. Here, in fact, she shows the cassette tapes. They could be just generic where these could be the ones. For example, here's a couple of quotes. I'm hoping something will pop today. Let me know what I win and I can have some cabbage money. Let me know when I have some cabbage. I do like corn beef and cabbage. And I do like stuff cabbage a lot. You know what I mean? No, I don't like him. You know what I can? I cook cabbage now. Make your fart your brains out of the hooligan. I don't think he's one step. But at least it won't make your piece melt, bad like a sparrot. And anyway, how's keeper says I wasn't the only ones applying drugs to rush. Oh, how do you like that? Wow. As the beat goes on. Run. Run. Run. Run. Run. Rush Limbaugh had at least two drug sources besides his housekeeper. The inquire where his learned. The talk show host, pressured one man in the handing over pills prescribed for his wife after she had a miscarriage. And scored pain killers from his denographer with a broken leg. His former housekeeper will not climb to the inquire exclusively. He was shameless if he knew anyone who was suffering pain. He would try to persuade them to share their pills. Nice. Run. Run. Run. As we reveal last week, Limbaugh 52 has been secretly battling an addiction to our carats and caught up on a drug ring and ring investigation in Palm Beach County, Florida. Willma 42 started working for LeBon 1997. Has told a investigative that she supplied a radio giant with massive amounts of the addictive painkillers, hydrocourt, a codone, lorsed in a highly dangerous, oxy-contin. But she said she realized earlier on that she wasn't his only supplier. How do you like that? Yeah. No, he was taking a paus. He was popping. She found empty vials of liquid hydrocoton and pill packets that arrived at his 24 million dollar Palm Beach mansion by FedEx Delivery. And you know how those FedEx people will feel about sending pills to the mail? Oh no, no. What is this? Is this Dave the coppisoning this? Please forgive me, do size the article but Rolling Stone magazine Prince on large sheets incredible article for Michael Moore's New Book. I'm getting the book, okay? Dave the copp, I don't need you to like stop already. I would have canceled the facts but I was in the bathroom. Oh no. And so Dave the coppisoning our facts paper. Paid using pages of crops. Stop it, Dave the copp, okay? George had to go plop. And you won't stop. Damn it. I'm going out and getting that this week's matter of fact. I got about how many books have I got piled up to? I got a read yet. Anyway, going on here, quit interrupting. Dave the copp. The manchins houseman told her that he too had been talked into giving the conservative icon some of his wife's painkillers after she had a miscarriage. How do you like that? And you seem disgusted with himself or having done it told me that after a while he fibbed a rush that his wife's prescription was finished so we could back out of the arrangements he said. Once while cleaning the bathroom and rushes office, he overheard him on the phone and the other room begging. He had another person for piled she says. Will I thought Rush was drug free after he went through detox for the second time in 2002. But, but she learned differently this past December she told the inquire. I got a call from a member of the staff at Rush's mansion she explained. He told me about a stenographer who accompanied Rush to a conference before they left. The woman had a broken leg. She told Rush she was on painkillers. But you can guess the rest. While they were at the conference Rush suddenly told her he had a migraine. She gets some of her painkillers. When she agreed he sent her back to the hotel to fetch them and maybe a pale water too. Oh man. This is just a tip of the iceberg. There's a whole there's tons of good stuff in the goaties. And then we got the newsweek story. Well I got to do the break. Hey Rush, we got to do the break. Okay sweetheart. We don't have like all the other. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. Things. I'm not going to do it. Hey he is wound up. Anyway almost 500 votes. It's not even under 30 Georgia. You're ready for this. Wow. We could tap a thousand during the show today. Oh. Probably the same three people. It's a holiday. 493 votes. What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story? He's a big fat hypocrite. I was in the 2018. I always knew it was Holos Schmidt 158. I hope he never comes back. 54. Hey Rush, paper or plastic. You spastic. 21. Rush is God 17. I feel very sorry for him 15. And I'm still a dido head is up to 10 Robert probably voted again. I should think Robert Greeper. Hey I got news for you. They don't come no creeper than Robert Greeper. Make no mistake about that. What a piece of crap. I think Joe Costell was right. It's time to fire his ugly ass. 1127 at 560 WM if you want to replace that terrible carpeting in your home. Here's a good piece of news for you. Laminates are us. Give you the easy low maintenance choice. The alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminates are us as the best place to find. Laminated wood flooring from the top names in a world. They got them all. They got peridor pergroville. So, an art uniform quick step. And all of Laminates are us flooring is installed by people. Or we know they're crap. Pergro certified installers. Here's another really good reason why ought to be calling Laminates are us. Even think about talking to anybody else because their prices are so low. So unbeatable and probably. For you right now get their fall special for just 14. How many? What was that? Did you say fall? Oh. They're fall special for just 14. 95 bucks. That's all it costs to get up to 295 square feet. A beautiful Laminate wood flooring is positively. I'm the light. Almost too good to be true, but it is. And Laminates are us. Will match any legitimate written offer as well. If you like a free and home estimate. No obligation call Laminates are us at that toll free. And tell them that crusty crabby old Neil who doesn't pop drugs. But anything else you can. I'm totally to call one. 877773336. What could be simpler? They give you free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving at 25 year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy to care for Laminate wood flooring. Call Laminates are us toll free today at 1. 8777773336. 9. And local. 6. 4. 25. 2. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 10. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 7. 8. 6. 9. 9. 8. 8. 7. 8. 7. 9. 8. 3. 9. 31 31 got a total of the swish line by house Miguel doing out there at the sign corner of uh 20 he's got 20 bucks 20 bucks he's got $20 for abandoned the rescue Miguel's at the ex-son station corner on the southeast corner of uh 163 US one with our best merchandise and so far he's got $20 but I'm not even that I'm not even that that's pretty embarrassing well you know I'm gonna do is the best we can you know that's all we can do that's exactly all we can do is no sense in getting all rattled about it the people out there are cheap as hell uh they don't have any money although looking at the markets up again I do believe today isn't it let me take a pub yet it huh you said I do believe does that that was up eighty eight nine as that's up eighteen that means everybody ought to be rich everything's okay right we like no orange light no red light no green light spent like crazy 523 freaking votes on the worst bull how do you like that shocking also ABC uh they got a pretty good website ABC news which didn't usually uh pay too much attention to they have a lengthy story and everybody is hearing loss and his personal physician was on good morning America this morning and she said but it would but about in like that you can kind of like what he said last week well I'm checking uh to see if there's an investigation there's none that I'm aware of going on right now I can get out of the somehow right right we can get out of the hook without opening up my mouth and then Friday he's got the hook but I come out here and say well I've always tried to be honest with you except of course for last couple of days and now I guess so you know my goose is cooked so I'm going back into rehab to try to win the sympathy voters like when Jimmy swagger it's always these voting right wing assholes they all pull the same crap man when they get caught what they're got them pills down or they're pat all the stuff it's always the same crap oh well you know and now you have to pray for me and I'm gonna repent and then all this other crap it's saying to get you right oh good god in this month they ought to put them all in there would you make her huh put her back in the slimer baker actin with Pat Robertson by the way the government the state department's pretty pissed off and fired up we had that's the winner website over the weekend about Pat Robertson oh you weren't there on Friday no what happened yeah he said that they ought to like uh they ought to drop on atomic bomb on the state department all right now we'd go proud because they're not into this militant right wing imperialistic uh preemptive bullcraft and so as a result the button touches blow them out yeah that's another good religionist for you and he even makes the pope look good and I'm not too good lately rush limba's secret drug tapes in the national and choir desperate to feed a growing drug addiction rush limba left a slew of messages on a supplies answering machine seeking the powerful pink energy craved I want to see if I can restock sometime today the rash radio puns said in one message to his former husky per wil mclean who's admitted to supply him with a drug's late last year macos on about husky turned over the atop we know that the inquire has obtained copies of wilma's secret tapes and other blockbuster evidence which is part of a multi-agency task force of local state and federal agents investigation into rushes involvement in a pill-selling drug ring the shocking evidence forms a die and of course keep it by this is all written before he made the admissions on Friday in one tape message rush reveals his codename for money that he owed wilma cabbage the shocking evidence forms a die revisiting as he fed a habit so all consuming that he took enough pills to kill an elephant as well mclean. I think like that to kill an elephant. Leave a message if you have anything to report rushed hold woman his blistering bereto voice let me know when and I can have some cabbage I can get to the grocery store the bank that was his code for the bank grocery store and get some. In the four years from 1998 to 2002 that will message he supplied rush with pills the radio show host wherever more anxious that drugs will be forthcoming. I'm hoping something will pop today he says expectantly in one full message rush would set up meetings for drug liaries by phone moment disclose I can meet you a 325 at the old place on jog road or someplace at 615 p.m. versus in one tape message. jog road here is how most of the nasty stuff comes if not the date and brow or de Palm Beach at least that's where the mohamid octah wasn't a bunch of them lunatics so flow. Palm Beach on jog road jog on s rush couldn't hurt. As well the fully enquiring exclusive in the last week rush would sometimes meet her in a parking lot of an amico station at jog road in the okra chubi boulevard in west Palm Beach a 20 minute draft from his Palm Beach mansion. There she and rush would exchange Cuban cigar boxes, Cuban cigar boxes, and bargo violating piece the crap empties her mrs stock of illegal smokes. His box contained his cash payment, hers had sandwich bags filled with painkillers. A ride rush was so desperate her drugs at times that he would leave phone messages on a moment's machine just to reminder that he had emailed her request for pills. Her ledger of roots purchases which runs from July 2001 to June 2002 records deliveries of more than 30,000 hydrocodone, lorse de noxie cotton pills 30,000 how many? About 30,000. And deliveries came nonstop no matter what the occasion. Sokis Thanksgiving Columbus birthday you name it. Tishabov Canadian Thanksgiving. Right. Boxing day. In the days before his 50 first birthday on January 12, 2002 rush was stinking more about popping pills that blowing out candles on a cake. I'm leaving a town next Wednesday and may need a re-stock on Tuesday of possible rush emailed real mageni where 9. Realmatold rushed at by his birthday morning she may come across 100 of the little blues the powerful Aussie cotton drug that an addicts call Hilvilley heroin. I'll grab all of them for you and about how many big blues code for the painkiller hydrocodone period of departure and how many for today aside from the others you'll be needing. Rush emailed back a huge order, huge 400 today keeping 100 me Zer. Another 3 to 400 for departure if the small blues come through he said. Rush began to use his computer to place his drug orders. See at least I'll say it again. At least Hank is only talking to his bookie. The show is on. That's why he's got his cell phone rush was making calls in the middle of the break. So doing drug deals. arranging to pick up drugs later in the middle of his god damn show while he was sitting there pontificating and pointing to figure what this one and the flint and smurder dollies people. I'm a boba. I know yeah all this other bull crap. All these drug addicted came a pinko little delivered the assholes. Rush began to use his computer to place his drug orders after Wilma left to job as his housekeeper July 2001. On December 19th 2001 Rush facing deafness, other when they copped their implant operation on his left earlaw sangeless, judging from messages in the email diary he apparently needed a lot more post-operative medication and that that doctor's would normally prescribe. What a sense of humor the inquiries got. Two days before the surgery, a Monday, Rush emailed Wilma. Tuesday morning, disaffed in after five and leaving tomorrow afternoon for the rest of the week. Let me know thanks. Wilma replied, short notice on hand I have 200. What are you looking for after I get done with this email? I'll make a call at me no ASAP. An additional 100 or 200 would do Rush message back. Adding another email don't need that many for the trip two to 300 would be fine. I mean, no no sorry stop and think about the numbers we're talking about here okay? I know. It's always 304 hundred and present. Yeah for the trip two to 300. To be continued. Incredible. Oh man Rush goes for a book. I love it. Everybody I know is a piker. In secret. See there goes with that post. Again. Email's on the four redones. New McDonald's happy meals on the four redones. This one's price up here sink it. There's two tribe unnips with a new clip here and a new clip there. Then you prick on the tip everywhere. Then you prick new McDonald's happy meal on the four redones. New McDonald's happy meal on the four redones. I love the food. We can go here and it's no. Oh yeah. You can buy the camera. I should let the guy try and you make Donald's happy meal on the four redones. Okay come down. 60 to noom is article by Riverch Packter about Bill Clinton and the how Rush might spin it if Clinton were to write. The only problem is it's interesting rich but the print is so small. I could read it but I'm not going to just I can't do it. You're magnivisions. No I can read it but I'm not going to like it's not worth not that good. Anyway 554 votes. Not even close to Nunea. It's a quarter off. 554 vote. They hate you Raj. They wish you would like have some horrendous uh 558. What's your take on the Rush Limbaugh drug edition story? He's a big fat hypocrite 251 251 45% I always knew he was full of Schmidt 176. I hope he never comes back 59. Hey Rush paper a plastic 27. Rush is God 19. I feel very sorry for him 15 and I'm still a didoh head 11. See Robert Greenprovote twice since we mentioned it was 9. He's just embarrassed because they're haplained that number over and over. Where the hell is it? Oh, he's rushing. Rush is still doing his thing. Yeah, here you go. 15 till noon. I guess we can go back and I gotta get this thing all straight now here. Okay. Right. Right. Right. That's right. Right. Right. Right. Okay. Is he done? Yeah. Okay. Come down. All right. Now where the hell was I in the story? In the middle. Page 37 and this week's the next week's inquiry October 21. Rush's left ear implant device was activated early. You know I'm really curious about that. Call it line nine. You see his in bread from Naples. Here's Naples. Hello. Taking the audio. Scott says you're in bread. I'm an in bread. I'm not asking you. No. Right. Right. Yeah. Just two quicky things on flush eight ball. Number one, if you go on the free bird's website, reading some of their commentary is a hoot. Some show prep for a number two. I actually was in a car with someone who heard the first or who was listening to the first few minutes of Friday's Limbao show. And he was actually talking about how liberals are repeating that criminals cannot be rehabilitated. Boy is that the podcast calling the kettle boy? Well let let me ask you this. Did he make his announcement at the end of the show? Yeah. I didn't hear the actual announcement until you know after it happened. I heard this was in the first five minutes of Friday's show before I refused to listen to anything any longer. But he was gone on and I think he was talking about Ray Horn and the tiger and everything and he was making the parallel that like you can't tame a wild animal just like you can't rehabilitate a criminal. Wow. Oh boy, you know, he's living in fantasy land, you know? Really something that he just went into rehab for the third time. So you know what, it's just another example of hypocritical right wing whack job. It's a beautiful thing man. Have a great day and Scott apologizes for being a smuck. Just because the guys from Naples doesn't mean he's in bread. In fact, you're going to be talking about anybody being in bread, Scott. Anyway, getting back to where I was. Russia's left ear implant device was activated early in January 2000 and too many could clearly he could hear clearly for the first time in months. Before that he had been reading column questions to his show on a teleprompter. Remember those wonderful months? Do you hear? When he was getting all of that press and all that sympathy. Oh, gee, this is so terrible. Poor Rush. We going to stand it. On January 17 is brother David told a press he had spoken with Rush and proudly announced the radio hair host could hear him fine on the phone. Hey, Rush, can you hear me? The drop is at 6 p.m. in a parking lot on jog row. Will mow is also concerned about her former employers here in email to him on January 22. Can you hear me? She asked and Rush took advantage of her message of concern to stuck up on pills. I love it. Is that greater? What? I love it. Oh, look at that. See, I'm getting so carried away and knocked it down on the edition line. I didn't watch your own was like no, I see you're. Tina's keeps coming back. We have the just an unlimited supply of Rush. Oh, by the way, $100. Yeah. Well, that's something. That's something. Work to $100. There. Let's get going. Okay. We got to one o'clock today. Let's make a worth Miguel's right. Let's at least pay for the gas. So we have something for abandoned per rescue. Okay. Left over the end of the day. Our best meal merchandise. Miguel is at the x-on station on the southeast quarter of 160 third street in US one in prestigious north day with our best in ELCDs. Our mow Howard David and key chains, which are absolutely. They are what they are and our mad dog key chains. Whatever else he's got. $100. I weren't how I was on my story before I interrupted myself. Oh, yeah. Rush took advantage of her message of concern to stock up on pills. Yep. I'll be able to hear you. We replied as their reason for me to call you, say, after the show. In other words, and Wilma told Rush, only if you are in need. Only for small blue babies said Rush requesting to supply of oxycontin pills. At times Rush peppered Wilma would request for drugs and messages just minutes apart if she didn't respond immediately. Which means, I guess, he was running mighty low. When you get that message. That's what I would think. On November 8, 2001, Rush was frantic that Wilma hadn't gotten a message about a drug delivery to his office in Palm Beach the next day. A message that she shouldn't have waited in the parking lot, but come right up to his office. Ready for that? Mm-hmm. Green that package right in here. Having trouble again, kidding confirmation from you, 730 is great, but go ahead and come in. No need to stay put. We'll make it quick and easier this way, he wrote. This is the third time I've tried to get this message to you after I was told. You would be monitoring email. Can you reply and confirm? At other times, emails from Rush are heartwrenching. The messages of a lonely man in search of drugs and holidays like Columbus Day and Thanksgiving Day. When Wilma was away from him celebrating with family members, are you around Rush asked an message he said, well, my new year's Eve 2001, he got no reply. I'm new year's day. He again asked, are you around? The next day he emailed Wilma, you back yet? You back yet, God damn it. He was getting answers. He was getting answers. He was getting answers. I am back in the reply. What you got as to Rush? See, this is great because they're getting these from the tapes. What you got? I made 27 2000 to his eighth winning anniversary. Rush wasn't just thinking about celebrating with his wife Martha. He was worried that Wilma was getting fed up with having really outcached by pills from Rush for Rush from her supplier. He was building up a debt that Wilma said rose to $80,000 before a lawyer representing Rush paid her adding 20 grand on top of his debt. The same lawyer later paid Wilma another 100 grand. As Rush was falling behind, in his payments, Wilma said he totally had to be careful about withdrawing thousands of dollars from his bank accounts. In other words, it might raise like a few. I browse and I look all I agree. Certainly, my latest deposit helped. Question Mark Rush told Wilma and email message on his anniversary. Wilma replied, it helped, but my connection does not drop me anything. It's no cash, no pills. I've been using my nest egg fund to cover you, to cover your fat ass. Rush emailed back. How much do you need to get me another 300 total? It was a big order because at this time on his wedding anniversary, the radio legend had this really decided he was going to be this habit. It was scheduled for a 24-hour detox treatment in New York and mid-June just two weeks away. A 24-hour detox treatment. For Rush, however, that many of you should do as many painkillers as he could before the poison. Would you let me finish this? For Rush, that many should do as many painkillers as he could be for the poison was flushed out of his system. Just after your new and on his anniversary, Rush emailed Wilma. The middle of June is my stop time, so it is not much longer. If you could keep these quantities coming, I would truly appreciate it. The next day, May 28th, Rush asked Wilma to supply a big order. Just two weeks to detox, I kind of want you to go out with a bang if you get my drift. He he he he. On May 31st, Wilma told Rush yet to supply of oxycutten in two different sizes. Hi, I did a head count to get you through Tuesday, 100 little blues and 50, 80 milligrams doses will work right. Rush was ecstatic. Oh, yeah, you didn't mention the 50, 80s in your previous note, 100 little blues and 50, 80s will be just great. You are a doll. Wilma lost contact with Rush after his detox treatment, but he still, oh, he still owed her money so she kept emailing and calling to remind him of his dead. During his detox Rush, at other radio personality, some for him on his show, like they're doing right now, claiming a bad stomach for the would take him out of action. That sounds like a lie again, doesn't it? Yeah, you didn't mean to say that he's lying. That was, uh, I always make up these stories about the reason that he wasn't really there. I'm July 2nd, several weeks before Rush's attorney paid off the drug debt, they usually gave me radio host respond with a brief and final email to Wilma. I had a rough time and unfinished for good. Many thanks for your concern. It was the second time since Wilma knew him that Rush had gone through the 24-hour treatment of his body of drugs. She knew the first treatment it failed. Is I read that email she told the inquiry? I couldn't help wondering, had Rush really beaten back his demons for good? Oh, a source caused the investigation involving Rush told the inquiry that limbo has said he's going to cooperate with the probe. He has hired top criminal lawyer Roy Black who successfully defended Kennedy cousin William Kennedy Smith against rape charges. Investigators are interested in hearing about his relationship with Wilma Klein, one his side of the story has said the source. There especially interested in FedEx packages containing large amounts of drugs that Wilma and Rush received an addition of the pills she supplied and want to find out where the packages came from the source revealed. They want to check out his package. Investigators from the state attorney's office in West Palm Beach expected to file several more cases shortly as a result of the drug-ring probe. This will result in several arrests. As a result of the limbo connection of the drug probe revealed by the inquiry, a number of people have contacted the office of assistant state attorney Jim Marz with the had more information that needs investigation this probe is far from over. It'll be followed wherever it leads, said the inquiry still. I'd be like that. Rush's diary of addiction, the secret drug tapes, his other pill suppliers, drug abuse suspected of causing it this as deafness, all of these things. Frollo's ditto heads out there. Those suckles, those idiots, those lemons, who just line up a time to jump over the edge of the cliff with Rush. Of course Rush would always say you first. Seriously, these people are like the Jim Jones people. The only difference is instead of cool they he's eaten like probably a lot of pasta. Although, you know, again, he lost all that weight because when you're poppin 30,000 pills an hour, 100,000 pills a minute, you don't have time to eat until much food. Well, they're pretty filling when you're doing that many. To fill in? What's your take on a Rush-lim-Bod drug addiction story? We got 586 votes inside of Indonesia, George. This is Markid Down. History in a making. Markid Down. He's a big fan of hypocrite, 265. I always knew he was full of Schmidt 186. I hope he never comes back 61. Hey Rush, paper or plastic 27. Rush is God 20. I feel very sorry for him 16 and I'm still a ditto head 11. Robert Creeper voted a nine time. There's a more Howard and David. And the only thing funny other rape of it is that type smoke is both a one hour. Well, good boy. Yeah, we're at a code 2318. We've got a jumper on the roof of the Muhammad savings and loan building here and I'm trying to talk him down right now. That's a coffee. Sure. You don't have to do this. Go ahead and I'll talk this thing. Excuse me, Lieutenant. We're able to strike down the jumper's mother. And no. Mike, I'm glad to see you, man. Here, look. Take this megaphone. Okay. And try talking some sense into this guy. He can hear you. Oh, man, did you say, oh yes, yes, sit on yes. What you gonna do? It's a 12 though. Look at that. We got 600 plus votes on a pull at noon George. And six or five, yes, $200 at the site. And we still got nowhere to go. See we'll make a little bit. We'll make a gas money. Drug money. We can get so we call up Wilma. Okay. See him. And you'll see. He can't. She gets by through the site. 200 bucks per pan of Paris. Give me another hour to go. South East corner of 163 US one. A QM van is there in the Exxon station. Miguel is there waiting to see you. We like to shake your booty. I'd like to shake something. Anyway, getting this newsweek thing. What's that? I want to read the whole thing. I don't want to like pile on. Do I? Yeah, sure. But there's some interesting things in here. For example, uh, about Wilma. She gave emails and ledgers to the cops showing that Limbaude purchased more than 30,000 high-row code on how many? But third man. More said, Anasi Kunt and Pills the Inquire reported. Law enforcement sources confirmed the basic facts of the inquiry story to Newsweek. Limbaude protested that the stories contained inaccuracies and distortions. But last Friday, his vast listening audience heard that resident righteous morally certain voice that he had become an addict and was entering rehab. Limbaude clung to the ideology of self-reliance to the last. I'm not going to portray myself as a victim. He said, millions of pain suffers who use powerful medications could sympathize, but the mockery was instantaneous. Limbaude mouth-al-frican, author of verse-limbaude's a big-fat idiot, hit the air waves to relish Limbaude's greatest hits of hypocrisy and his snares at celebrity doopers like baseball player Dierl Strabber and Raer Rocker Kirk Cobain, and virtually every newspaper drifted up this 1995 quote from Rush. Too many whites are getting way with reviews. The answer is to find the ones who are getting away with it, convict them and send them up the river. The penalty for illegally buying large quantities of prescription pain killers in Florida can be five years in jail and contrary to some published reports, prosecutors do go after uses as well as pushers, especially if they want to make an example of a celebrity. The fall of a moralist is Awakhozan about the Elmer Gantry and about Bill Bennett. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. It's on our website by the way. The newsweek story I'm addicted prescription pain medication and there is Rush scratching his head. Can you imagine all the they must have wondered what Ali was doing to him, to show all of them maybe they were on to it. Who knows? Who knows? All the people working with him? In off-duty port authority cop is arranged yesterday and charges a video taping in 11-year-old Queens girl taking a shower. This from the New York News office a Russell Bass 42 of Hemstead Long Island was tackled by relatives of the girl user Jamaica Home early Friday morning. He was tackled. Great. Oh, it wasn't a big football weekend. The girl was showering just after 630 in a morning when she noticed a hand holding a camera on the bathroom window which was partially open said Patrick Clark spokesman for Queens DA Richard Brown. The child alerted her household and a family member went outside and confronted the definitive was standing in the backyard of the resident's holding a bag. Brown said the defendant was on foot and dropped a bag containing a video camera and several video cassette tapes which was recovered Brown said the girl's family chased the suspect on the street in Codamon in my PD spokes spokesman said in the recovered camera police said was a video tape of the girl showering. Passed a port authority officer since April 88 was now assigned a Kennedy airport was held on $75,000 barely yesterday. The girl's family doesn't know him and has no previous dealings with him. He was suspended without pay after his arrest. The suspect was touted as a hero in May of 97 when he spotted a nine-year-old boy with dance and room getting off a bus at a long-term parking lot at the airport. Kid was lost, I say. He found him. All. Any found little girl in the shower? Pass was a rain before acting Queens Supreme Court Justice Barry Cron yesterday I'm charged of conducting illegal surveillance of convicted he could face up to seven years in prison. This is the first case of its kind in Queens County which establishes a felony for illegal surveillance Brown said. The allegations are serious and disturbing and will be vigorously prosecuted. The alleged victim as a child whose privacy was truly invaded whose innocence has been shaken. Perfect cop in Long Island. How do you like that? 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I wonder who's feeling for rest today? Then I wonder if he did wait till the very end of that show. We'll find out or maybe not because that was a ruin. Huh? Pop it on there in Toronto. It's not on here. We don't we don't love that crap here. Are you kidding me? Plus do you think that I'm listening to radio here? No. Never turned on my radio once. Here's Pompeo. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, this one of the touch-based agents. It's really interesting how everybody wants there are people who want sympathy for rush but like just saying this guy had no compassion for anybody that was addicted or falls into hard times and now we have to feel sorry for him. I don't think all the touch-based agents are making mention of the fact that they make sure I had drum up a new stadium here for the Mowlands. Interesting. But you know I watched some of the games this weekend and I got to tell you the wasn't for the Chicago Cubs for the AT&T. I don't think they would have sold out. I really leave about 25 to 30% of the fans were from Chicago. Yeah, but when you say they wouldn't have sold out we're talking 65,000 people. Yeah, no I don't know. The show is like 38 or something like that. We're talking 65,000 where they had opened up these huge other sections of the ballpark. But I guess they had good number of these fans were from Chicago. Let's say they don't make it as much noise as a model as I think. I think so on Friday and Saturday when I saw the game yesterday it looked like mostly more on the fans. I may be wrong but they were not allowed those white hankies that they were waving around. Yeah, but then I think given them that everybody in people, you know they made a bottom line is the answer is still the same about the new stadium answer and you know what the proof of putting is if they could show up this many people in the very same stadium for playoff games, how come they can't show up during their regular season and how come during the stretch drive there last two or three weeks and they had some of those embarrassing crowds against the fillies and the braves. I mean you know when it got to the weekend they did last weekend they packed a place pretty good but other than that there was one game when they had like 11 or 12,000 people. I mean I don't even know like I don't even think the attendance to be year was anywhere close to like two million I don't even think so I mean how could that be. Wait, is that a whole year? So from last year but it was not that much over a million. Yeah, sort of say don't you know how do you even think about putting up a new stadium for the new better known and have a great thaser thank you. Here's the fact from Darrell who says Darrell do you mean rush has to depend on liberal attorney get him out of this aka Roy Black what a bite. It's going to be interesting when in the 12 steps he gets to do the step about making a mens to the oh is he going to be doing the Gustav the 12 Gustav? Yeah see Russia's case they're going to do the 12 Gustav program. He gets to the step about making a mens to those he's called hammer offended when he makes a mens to Hillary and Bill I want to be there it says if he doesn't he's still full of crap with himself. The cover is asked in treatment will probably switch over to methadone a legal substitute hero when he can stay as high as ever and tell a lot cheaper than underground prescriptions. How do you like that says Darrell, evidently knows his crap. 600 plus votes and it's noon man, 628 in the Sunshine State and it's really great don't be late don't hesitate or palpitate or masturbate unless you're probably a lot of people just yeah can it because of Russia there's so excited don't you think? Oh I know so who's on instead of him today? Uh we haven't found out yet? No come on all you russia's uh to this is important stuff now. Let's get with it. 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 who are the apologists going to be that's what I'd like to know. Here's a call from Pompano hello hello yes sir yes uh uh you're speaking about russia correct? If your sounds like if you're last two hours yeah that's what I was saying like. No I didn't know if I was going or not. You didn't know what you didn't know what you didn't know what you didn't know what. Rush Limbo is a person that it to me I think he's a propaganda just like Dr. Gourbbles from the Nazi era. Dr. Gourbbles yeah. Whatever he's always. Hey Grickle anyhow he works for the Republican party they pay him and and he he's the one who was saying this year. Help uh yeah he said that last year. He said over we can't stop from coming up. He just keeps on saying it that guy was over the age of 100 560 5050 5060 pound five see he didn't know what that we were talking about. He didn't know if he had the right show. He doesn't know whether he's on the earth or Uranus. Get with it pal in fact a few pills couldn't hurt your case. Which ones? Okay right and I'd voice somebody for a couple of pink killers right now. What do you got Wilma? Well now that Wilma's done with him let's see what we can get. Sure I got her number. Here's a call from for Lauderdale hello. They suck. Girl's team another another one of those are hurt cancelling people probably to be spoiled friend. 560 5050 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Wireless line. I think of all these sports organizations of all the fans we sort of crap in the robust amount of red sauce in the Yankees. There was old Don Zimmer getting thrown to the ground but I don't think any group of fans there was obnoxious as grotesque and universally despised as the hurricane fans. They're just the absolute worst. Just as Joe's a Gaki. And I'm going to tell you those promos that we play with Joseph Gaki's voice is uncontrolled streaking and screaming like somebody being buttured by a scalpel. With no novacame and it's just it's unbelievable. In fact you need a good anesthetic or maybe you just call Wilma. What am I doing? The pain from those Gaki promos is brutal it's just a sickening. 660 355. What's your take on Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction story? 291 says a big fat hypocrite. I always knew he was full of Schmidt 198. I hope he never comes back 64. Hey Rush, paper or plastic 29. I vote if that just because I like it because I invented it. It's cute. I feel very sorry for him 21. Rush is god 20 and I'm still a ditto head a dozen. Which means Robert Creeper just won't stop. He keeps tapping it. 11 patched in and we got Mad Dog at 2. A fairly pristine skids lay of them at Panther hockey game. Any tricks? No. 10 people are on set or even scots. All a man to place was packed. You're so full of crap. No matter where you go you give me all these stories. All the place was a jam packed. You need a little more experience in that you have to say. Or kidders like 19,250 seats. Well maybe that's a big crop for Jersey. Hey. I got news for a man jersey. Which wins the Stanley Cup every day. You could put number of fans they got in your pocket and your back pocket. And have room left over for your empty wallet. They actually sold out a little bit last year. Little bit. I mean you talk about a Phantom franchise. Stanley Cup winners New Jersey Devil's man. Martan Broder and all other frogs. And they can't draw flies. You're attending Dr. Any Fly's when they play to Rangers and two thirds of the Grotto Ranger fans. Well it is a metal and it draws plenty of flies out there. You know you were doing so much better the first two hours when you dummy up. 12 minutes past noon at 5.60. W.M. Hey listen if you're one of those people on the Atkins diet or the South Beach diet or any other low carb sugar free diet. Which where now was I watching last night they said it's like and it's it everybody in their brother. And I was on a whole carb. Huh? Everybody. Everybody even talked about woodbee but he ain't here no more. Well we sure miss him bad. Anyway Delights workbook is a story you're going to fall in love with because I'm like yay. Oh he took a bad fall. Bad spill for Dr. Bob. Don't take the briefcase to work Dr. Oto late. Do you like so much book is got over a thousand delicious goodies to keep you satisfied and keep you on your straight and narrow with your low carb diet. They've got faggles and brids cheesecake smuffins brownies. Chocolate's pasta sauces chips and dips, soups catchups that great carbolid ice cream. They got championed like drinks and five delicious flavors. Walnut brownies by control car. So then Delight chocolate chip cookies, carbolid candy coated chocolate covered penis a pint peanuts and lots more too. And everything in the store they let you try before you buy it at Delights. They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 and don't forget all the atkins products on sale all day every day even on the Columbus birthday. Even on Canadian Thanksgiving a. At Delights on one of these corner blades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them full free at 1-877 low carb that's LOW W. Or run away with low carb.com. Don't forget it's a special stir for you five folks out there. The lights of West Boca is your official atkins retail store. I'm the 7th of October. They will vote you the force. And if they understand English, they'll punch a tart for the whole. Yeah. But they're method of voting. Some say it's as bad. They have more than enough candidates. They don't equal the name chat. Welcome to the Recon Academy of Oregon. All right. Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, and welcome to the wrong in the Recon Academy of Oregon. We're the winner we clear, we're the winner we face by this time next year. Welcome to the Recon Academy of Oregon. So many are on the slays, many are on the slays. No one can keep them straight. No one can keep them straight. But when they're done with the Recon Academy of Oregon, no matter who they choose and who they choose, the gold state will lose. Well, well, well, see some of these business. They've been updated these California Arnold bits, but they're so good. It's been to pass up by now. They've passed over. 12 18 at five 60 W to kill them. Just shot 665, 656. I can't even say it at 12 20 6506 votes. You ever see anything like this? I think even Ali on is going to get surpassed by. Love that I'm not right. Just wait till it makes the the free website so that they can get. Yeah, to kind of even it out. Get out of here, right. It'd be it. Pill popper. Fony. Now let me just give you a little any of people out there in the audience. You're ever going to be babysitters. Or maybe just have your own kids and some of you already do. Of course, but that's another story. If your baby starts crying and you just can't stop it from crying, the best way to stop it is to pick it up and shake it violently. Don't vigorously until it stops crying. What? Until it stops making any noise. I won't cry on your water. Does that usually work? Every time. Hollywood. When Jennifer and Brett Schwartz noticed that their infant daughter seemed unsettled around their babysitter, the couple became curious and installed a nanny cam just for their own peace of mind. Always good to have a nanny cam. They keep showing the video to. The Hollywood Florida couple who suspected the baby was just going through separation anxiety. They were shocked at what they saw. We were horrified Jennifer Schwartz said on ABC news is, good morning America. This is someone we trusted and welcomed into our home to take care of our daughter. She said, kind of like parents who trusted their priest with their children. Police said the Schwartz's video tape showed babysitter Claudia Murrow 29 shaking the child. Murrow was arrested Thursday and charged with four kinds of felony child abuse. They noticed some very disturbing and repugned views on the tape of the nanny shaking the child and basically snapping the child's head back and forth. Kind of like a rag doll, kind of like the way that the rag got the stage by the tiger. It was very nauseating to watch. Really have your gun and have her to do that. And any rate, the charges stand from, oh wait a minute. Here it is. The charges stand from two clips taken September 24 and pulled from hundreds of hours of video in one clip. Police said that Murrow was shaking the babysitter head, snat back and forth, kind of like like that. She then laid the baby on her lap and kissed her forehead. Oh, well, she wanted to make nice, you know. God. In another clip, police said that Murrow raised the baby of upper head and then slammed her to the floor. Ha ha ha ha. No. Police said that Murrow raised the baby of upper head and then slammed her to the floor, perhaps through you four times. Snatched her to the floor. Are you ready for that? The babysitter's back is to the camera and the lower view of the baby's blockbatter wounds body, but you have a fever and she won't slam her to the floor no more. There were no visible injuries to the baby and the child on the water paddock of medical test, which also failed to find any signs of injury. So what's the problem? He was just given her a what foe. Right in Jennifer Schwartz called police after they viewed the tapes and then any came on Wednesday, they said they were in shock because they thought they really knew Murrow before hiring the babysitter, they said they put it into a series of background checks. That always works done that. Apparently not. Just as a backup, we heard an investigator do a background check and both the background checks came back with nothing. We felt that we had somebody we could trust that we didn't have anything in her past need to worry about. But they both worked the way today and the woman was highly recommended by a local child care agency, which in South Florida usually means look out. Huh? Usually means nothing. In South Florida usually means. Be a friend. Be a friend. So there we go. They were just trying she was just trying to just put the baby while a parents were busy working and they got all band out of shape and now she's got real tourists to watch the tape. It's unbelievable that the kids survived it all. Much less with really. Yeah. She seems to be no worse for the wear. Maybe is a rubbery and thank God. Oh no. All the stuff you keep passing me here I'm never going to get to the good stuff. Much less is a good friend. Much less is important cause like my any. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. A couple things. I just want to respond to the guy called about 15 minutes ago talking about how a mall is when the sold out of South Florida. First of all, I mean that's a dumb thing I've ever heard in a while and that's difficult in South Florida. The giant series with 65,000 and it was all Marlon fans. So we're really they would have gotten the same people for the NLCS. It is not the Marlon's fans fault. It's a broker snapped up all the tickets and sold them in Chicago. Secondly, it goes right along the line with the people who say only 17,000 showed up during the regular season. These are all new fans. Of course, what they found for Titan and Flight Daphne is that there are 81 games during the regular season and obviously wasn't the same 17,000 for every game. So there are plenty of people over the course of the year that went to the games and most of those wanted to go to the playoff game. But that's baloney. That's baloney because there were plenty of games, rather like 8,9, 10,000 people. Forget about 17,000. Including one of those silly games I never forget. I double checked to make sure the weather was good, which was 11 or 12,000 people on a Tuesday against the fillies. The last week of the regular season when everybody was like on pins and needles for the wild card. No, they kind of have a crowd of zan. They averaged the, all right, but they ended up averaging about 17,000. They started all the new days. They got out of 17,000 because the last couple of weeks, they finally put some crowds in there and they had like 30, 35,000 several times to boost that number up. Right, but I mean, and also I'm not being here. You'll just have to think my work for it. The during the silly series, there was one day that it was extremely overcast and very, very cloudy, even though it did not rain and anyone who was looking at the sky. Well, let me ask you what about yesterday? What are you? What about yesterday? What about the weather yesterday? Was it a clear sunny day yesterday? It was. Wrong with the crowd yesterday. No, no, I'm not talking about what was wrong with the crowd. That's my point. Wasn't it raining yesterday or was that was that snowflake swollen from the sky? Well, I wasn't in the club section. I didn't think it rained, but my wrong Scott did it not raining during the game yesterday. And then they come out like, check the field a couple of times. Yeah, it rained in Boston. They actually called the game. I'm not talking about Boston. I'm talking about it in Miami. I don't think it rained yesterday. Oh, it didn't rain yesterday. No, you did not. No. Okay, well, that's a damn good thing because if 65,000 people were to show up in a rain, I'd be really pissed off and foaming it them out. All right, you'll take care. And you too. Right. Now, the point is it's the same old thing. You're not nobody's kidding me. It's the same creptico's uninsouth load all the time. If it's like a major event, and then of course, everybody on a station always says, and I quote the same thing, oh, it's a event driven town, which basically means it's a horseball permitting pony town. If any of the sports teams ever finally gets to, you know, a really meaningful game, a big playoff game at a world series or a championship game, then everybody comes up. It's a free giveaway town. The same people who come out who got a million excuses, an addition to which if it's too expensive and too much of a hassle during your regular season, how come when a ticket is go up to like gigantic? I mean, you're talking crazy. I know the face value on the ticket on the world series is 145 bucks a piece. What it says on the ticket. Which if they make a comeback in X-B4 4021? That's one, Triple A 534 4021, I don't think it all the meal deals. Subject to credit, approval CR friends at Hallit. Fort details. Hallit, Pawdi at GMC, you'll agree with me. They really are professional grades. You may be deaf, but you are always dumb. Yeah, that sucks, but the good news is 250 bucks will buy a lot of duties. You hate people who aren't like you. Overdate in balance. I got your lots of doctor right here. Attention, though. That caretakerma was bound to get you some time. Like all the millions back there channels. Oh, hey, back up. See they be next. You'll lose your eyesight. I don't care. Yeah, I love your balls, but I'm all right. Good luck to the launchers. Anyway, 16,083. That was the accurate number of Marlon's average home attendance for this past season. 16,083, not 17. Which you know, maybe that's not picking. It was up 60% from previous year. 1.3 million is what they drew. Alleged. And it's not another example of bogus because then we talked many times about how many of those tickets were given away just like at the pants again. And we discussed that many, many times. Right, all the freebies. In fact, this is the same outfit that last year at the end of the season had that Phantom guy that bought up 20,000 tickets or whatever was remember that. Last time game of the season. Mm-hm. And they claimed that some guy, oh, some name of story has benefacted. They decided about 20 just so they would avoid the embarrassment of being a worse than, so Montreal would get that honor. Loaced in major league attendance. Anyway, yeah, they had 29,000 for the last game. I'm even going in and actually get the numbers as opposed to listening to people who pull numbers out of the ranch. 560560, we got a lot of open lines on there now after being Russian tentative today, 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's our only call that's Miami Lakes, hello. Any of the federal wrongs I'm going to have is talking about a great show I got with. Neil, I went to the police game where the morning's 1.8 to 4. Yeah. That was when they were about to win the rock card. They were 31,000 people there. But before that two years ago, these people got understand. I had seen them take it. There was an average of 5,000 people out there. You know what that is? 5,000 people. How can these folks know me? Now they're talking about building a little stadium. Right. Are they crazy? I'm not going to be paying for it. I'm not going to come out of my pocket. The police are under the scorch, to get up the river. Those are the Jewish bastard like Ray Hyden, I want to keep the torch or not. Right. Is Jewish? There's a Jewish? Only around the years. Only the Zits are Jewish. Well, I'm really, I'm just pissed off because these people are outside about making a stadium. I don't want a stadium. We don't have some more. It's going to go to the West series. We don't have to go to the West Division. Why do these people, these are the bad wagon town. There's a bad wagon town. Every time I see these people out there in the, in the division of playoffs or whatever it is, 80,000, 79,000. This is what you say. When they're winning, they're out there. When they're not running for me. They're not running for me. That's not the way that. But all of a sudden they can afford to park and they can afford to tickets. No prices too high. I think you might be a little bit. Look at this. The last few games in a regular season. Game number 74. They had 40,414. Then mysteriously that that 18,000, which I still understand, 25, 28. And those weren't those two of the games against the police? Yeah. Where we were expecting like 35. But they dropped out of 25, 28. And then 31, 33, 30, and 27,000. So the last six games at a regular season. And seven of the last eight really exaggerated and Gustup that average of 16,03. Because if you look before those games, man, it's generally speaking pretty grim. Unless there was something special going on. 10,213, 11, 10, 12, 11. There was 20,000, which was another one that was Bobblehead the Saturdays. And that's the name of that two, man. Yeah, what's up 60% from the previous year? But let me say it again. If the stadium is just listening to the logic, okay? If that ballpark is sufficient for all of these playoff games, where you're jamming in 65,000 people. And of course, we know there's room for more if they open up the whole ballpark. 65,000. That what's not to like. Oh, yeah. But the owners don't have a good deal. The way's got the consent of the idea. Well, too bad. They knew that were going in. Oh, will he shootmaker die and you didn't even mention it yet? No. It was 72. Will he shootmaker? Three. The four time Kentucky Derby winner died of natural causes yesterday at the age of 72. Two makers who stood a mere 4 foot 11, one more than 800 races during his 41 year career. I think I got that. Well, he shootmaker's dead 72. He was, you know, he wouldn't have bad record. He was a game for many, many years. He died in a sleep. All groups and pain killers were to his action or were to his addiction that is surfaced as part of an investigation. Get with it. It's a very long time. A prescription dog. This is probably his from the same thing. They're following the story. She's joining us now live. Let me tell you about my. Let me see the latest as far as we know. On the actual investigation involving Rush Limbae had the charge with any fear to jerk. He hasn't, well, if in a course, the investigation is moving along very slowly, but investigators are not at all happy that all of this has come to light. You remember that this woman, her, his former housekeeper, first alleged in the story came out in the National Enquirer just a couple of weeks ago that she allegedly, illegally, sold him thousands and thousands. And then at that time, Rush Limbae went on his radio show and said, I really thought I said, I know that. Everything, but I'll get back to you. Okay, thank you, Diane. Last Friday, he came clean, but only about his addiction. You know that I have always tried to be honest with you about these 15 years and open about my life. No, no, no, no, no, no. I need to tell you today the part of what you have heard and read in the past week is correct. I am addicted to prescription pain medication. You immediately following this broadcast. I will check myself into a treatment center for the next 30 days. Do one's in for all, break the cold that this highly addictive medication hands on them. Mr. Limbae did not address any of the charges that his former housekeeper made against him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going criminal investigation, but he says he's been advised not to comment on it at this time. Come on, run. Vada here, wolf get lost. So there you go, there's Susan and Cady, and CNN. And we certainly know that even on the certainly not news network, that we might be able to believe about two or three percent of what they say. Five, six, seven, five, six, yet. He's damn church stories. He did me here. I got the iron. Vadaq Tolestening a champions are only cracked. Correct. And he uncircumsized mem of the higher HIV. And Martha Stewart tells, uh, what's your name, Barbara Walbers, that she's a scared. Be afraid. the the just as you were saying that I have a thing around the button to twenty-two one at five sixty W.M. If I saw the news and excited about it you know, first of all we don't feel all that sorry for drug addicts anyway do we don't know, I mean I'm addicted to sugar to refines sugar. I'm not proud of it. I admit it. It's very harmful to my health. It's a strong addiction. It's unbelievable. So I'm here to announce today for the eight million times I'm addicted to sugar to refines sugar and anything it's got a candy and cookies and ice cream and cookies and candy and ice cream and a special lunch too. Yeah all of you above and I'm just addicted. I'm addicted and look what happened to Robert. What's his name that died? Who was addicted to love? Palmer. Cran? Robert Cran Palmer. Robert Palmer. He died nobody care. You know that nobody can give a grant. If you're getting really implied by the ... green tea cheers. It's gonna punish you when the sinners in the Sodomites and then I'll come to find out there like climb on everything that moves even attacking fire hydrants and little animals God If you got a really crappy job like Scott if you couldn't like raise five bucks if you're life dependent on it. Here's the answer Pick up the phone and call our friends at fast rain and get you a real career not just a job Not just a chore but a real career in the computer industry fast rain come on I'm a little trope up seen as fat guy Fast rain can have you certified before years in the demand for computer fursales is huge and is gigantic So why not right now get you into the computer field and get out of your dead end job? There's no excuses to stick around when I crappy job No, no, no Because fast rain offers you job placement assistance convenient dating with weekend schedules and with four locations in Sanford There's not a be a fast rain close by where you live fast rain even offers financial assistance for people are qualified as well So call fast train today. Be sure to tell them that old Todd Drek Torted to call to get a real boot out of that check them on a web first at fast train coming in column 1 866 fast train Holy Macadon. This is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Just one marijuana cigarette can cause memory loss and paranoia just one joy Will drive you to madness it will make you pluck out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dressing The world as you know it will cease to exist You'll enter alternate realities like being trampled to death by fat in curious Jamaican winning In fact, some of the studies and shown that marijuana causes folio and will make your balls Drivel up into tiny little feedings smoking marijuana will make you die Really that of a leavest we have to say things like that. Oh and um sexy bad to this message Make or buy the partners against part of America I'm gonna tell you what thing you do anything you enjoy you're gonna die 1245 at 560 WCM 830 votes on at pool 320 at the site Yeah, 120 bucks in a quarter of an hour to go to one o'clock. That's pretty weak 320 bucks you know blows. Oh, we got a still there waiting for it. He's lonely In a QM fan southeast quarter of 163 US one of the ex-on gas station look for the QM fan 320 bucks is not even worth a gas to go there, you know Best in your merchandise. No, seriously, and you took you and Miguel and whoever else was give me a few weeks You know, oh just calm down. You always do this. We started earlier. We'll get to a hundred thousand no problem Let me ask you right now. It's October the 13 you think we're gonna make 100 thousand for a band of power rescue this year. No, no Think we're gonna make 75 maybe You honestly think we're gonna get to 75 maybe Scott. I don't think so no, not this right we got 31,245 plus 320 a little under 30 to 32 grand Nobody wants to help us out this year. It's a middle October already. I'll take you to people inside the building there Okay, that's my comment I mean, I'm not gonna come on here every day and waste my time, you know beating a dead horse beating a dead-paper-checkbook We got some people making some serious bucks in there and not only Scott either He didn't say how many Right he's making a few That's but no nobody's interested is your everybody's crying poor mouth, but like I just said when it came to the ball games They're in just unbelievably gouging the public for the same seats that during the regular season not only couldn't they give away But the cost almost nothing if you wanted to pay for it and now. Well, it's the playoffs Maybe it's gonna be the world series Neil you don't understand. I don't understand If you walk if I have a supermarket, okay? And I have a pound of ground chuck Who's he and it's sitting in the in the showcase there out pot of ground chuck and it says a buck 99 And you come in two weeks later and now the same Pound a ground chuck to same meet from the same animal and I was dead of a buck 99. Oh, that's $300 Oh, no problem. I'll take two pounds See what I'm saying Doesn't make no sense to me, but that's how Florida which never makes any sense to anybody because it's full of crap It's pony is an eighty-two dollar bill and that guy well meaning you know get what's the give me a propaganda and they average 17 Pretty soon by the end of the day and they'll be average in 25,000 there when it comes time to get to stadium. Oh Don't worry we're average in 35,000 again We got a knock go we got a build new season there just to make room for everybody wants to get in right What's your take on a rush limbo drug addiction story take a look at this 847 votes within our 12 and two we can make that thousand a day sure the daytime easy Holy moly you're take on rush. He's a big Fat hypocrite 407. I always knew he was full of Schmidt 259. I hope he never comes back 78. Hey, Rush paper or plastic you spastic 38 Russia's God 25 I feel very sorry for him 25 and I'm still a ditto head 19 So the supportive votes are let's see it's 5.7% 7.7% Which means 92.3 are like negative which figures with the Saudis? Since we hate him like poison and which him all the worst Buffalo Kenny says I went to the game yesterday They had the planes flying with banners that said go Marlins 560 we got balls 560 and Howard Frel managed no Neil on the banner. Oh, well, look at this Howard for round-managed school bird 560 no Neil Uh-huh Were you were there? No, not until I just backs that thing although I figured out why I Don't think it takes a rocket side is I think even a five year old can probably tell it a reason that we're not on the banner Is because of Neil Rogers show us nothing to do with stuff because it's not Yeah, you idiots thanks a lot again once again Then they'll say oh when you got most of the billboards yet that was great now what now in other words that's like a one-time deal Now they couldn't squeeze my name on a freaking banner. Oh God, forbid the QM should admit to those sportsholds Have the arroggies on his radio station with a highest numbers and bring in all these millions of dollars for them so they can play their games like a bunch of overgrown children God forbid they should do that well, that's really something and then they put we got balls on there I sure hope Donnie Shalayley wasn't there yesterday. She'd be really porked off We got balls I'm gonna say Bernie and Larry maybe both of you know a little bit more about oxy cotton for example one of these pain-killing drugs Yeah, they know where to get you some willful. Okay, look how can you use a few? How many do you need before the show is over? Just for a start a little blue babies man. So give me some little blue babes Iron butdock pulsating champs crack at day 165. This is one of my favorite stories That's them because this show is asymptensive Berlin Did you hear about this not tell today from you? After 165 days of sitting on top of a two and a half meter that's eight foot pole The three remaining contestants in the 2003 world pool sitting championships have cracked Black them and decided to give their strain buttocks arrest I wonder which one was sitting on the pole position the three men Oh, this is this is a real story the Three men one is a 53-year-old German tractor-river and the other two of them are guess what? Guess what nationality I don't know Paul Oh, oh no It's a real story It's from the writers the three men two poles in the 53-year-old German truck driver Have agreed and their lofty vigil actor lashings of pouring rain in sub-zero temperatures better their enthusiasm and center Residience ploning to rock bottom They decided it was too cold organized your class Mueller from the Heidi Park's old-how amusement park in West Germany when the event of stage told writers on Friday the men It's squatted on their pool The innites in slate April set on the 15 by 23 inch board about the size of a newspaper page They could only come down on ladders for ten minutes every two hours to visit the old magic room Electronics senses on the board monitor the pressure of back sides and video cameras ranked constantly to prevent cheating They monitored the pressure of back side Back them The men had hoped to last two or today's being the word record of one 96 or over 43 hours of sitting that's with no age But negotiations between the poles enabled them to that's with a small a P Enabled under strike a tribe part-ideal to quit a movie or a said received an international backing A Swiss newspaper praised it as a progressive piece of German Polish diplomacy. He said the other several relations All of a lock between contestants is not always been so civil in this years championships and it goes on But I'm not sure if I'll sit out of freaking pull try to break some stupid record. I like that Probably Clarence can really he's a little sore about the oldie I sure hope we don't have Clarence in the beast again in our morning is a lead in gun with that be better or what oh Where's for real? He's gonna be back tomorrow's he like many his wounds He's been doing his womb. Well Scott Junior there could tell us, but he ain't got he's ain't speaking Mom is the word I'm not cuz you know when times gets tough, but you know look at that 901 901 votes. I can you remember last time we had nine hundred during the show nope Even during alien It's amazing and that's because Rush brings out the most hostile feelings He gets everybody whipped up into our friends. He because anybody with IQ larger than their toenail nose That he's full of crap a big big win a right wing bull crap who just makes it up as he goes along The more hateful the more anti-human the better Speaking of anti-human Now that the diocese of coming to Kentucky is agreed to pay five point two million dollars and about greater than all of its previous Sexual abuse payouts combined to settle two Lexington area lawsuit attorneys officials look to the next case and it's so boring Hmm Attorney Stan Chesley believes that at least 40 priests More than one out of every 10 of the diocese during that time sexually abused children. He also believes they're up to a thousand victims and this coming in the face of the Pope over the weekend Come up with this cock out crap about oh Well, you know the media blew this out of proportion and it just a small group of priests to a beast's very buddy else and the idea of bull crap Cock huh yeah bull crap poppa poppa John. I'll we do like your pizza. It's okay At least 40 more than one out of every 10 of the diocese sexually abused children. Please look to thousand victim This is just in Kentucky in the diocese of coming to If Chesley's estimate is correct there is many is a thousand victims a settlement of the same magnitude in the next case. We've called the diocese 190 million dollars The diocese services it's only received 158 allegations that includes 15 we see before 89 112 during the 90s and 31s and only 158 Chesley doubt that the hundred and 58 cases reported that diocese represent the whole picture of views how many 12 or 13 year olds would have come forward with that Descending is their priest yes the diocese decisions to settle the elections in area lawsuit set the bar He said I believe these cases are not going to have real value the same value they had in Boston How do you like that each or hard out Papa that's not good for his health again, you know La Papa Yeah, oh mama Grande he was on 60 minutes the Pope. Yeah, do and what about this 25th anniversary bull crap He has canonized more saints than all of the other popes put together. Yeah How about saying elsewhere yeah that one to that one to I'll be there including a kidnapping Popes and preachers look at this story about group with cock fighting ties gets a vertex break from the federal government Stop picking on the speaks about that cock fighting. It's y'all staying now not y'all as much rednecks That's what we are going to read that. Oh Bob Hilser cop beams with pride when it looks at his 30 game cock Keeps keep pulling just pop it is not but there's a word missing there least the barrels across But he looks at it is that singular or plural Least the barrels across the Greenland behind his modest white frame home. This is Harrison Ohio I know the mom and dad if every bird I have on a place you said You also know that his roosters a breeding of all the call liberty hatch tended to especially well in cock fighting Pits although he no longer fights them himself he prefers to let other cock's fight him right animal rights group Say the bloody battles illegal in all the two states are the only reason game foul are raised They're urging the federal government to revoke the text of him status of the Ohio based United gene foul breeders association the group with about 15,000 members in 28 states is operate as a government sanction agricultural organization for 28 years You can't separate the greeting from the fighting said Wayne Parsel senior VP of the Humane Society of the West the purpose of raising these birds is the fight Then there is no legitimate agricultural activity occurring and And then obviously it goes on eventually somewhere in this story that they're getting some kind of a task break Which I can't do enough of this story to get to that point evidently somewhere in there right Don Purdue a past president of a UGB ants that legislator from particular virginia said he raises a strainer frost gray Gene fall because it was something he and his father did to get away with his grownup that couldn't be from the Purdue chicken people for that No, that's called the same way. I hope wouldn't that be bad How's it anyway there go another well work and even rednice have to have something new beside just doing their sister Right right in their spare time just besides painting up the old trailer part They fight with their dogs and they fight with their cow owls 1257 at five 60 W.M. Hey, listen if you want to lose some weight If you're one of them big fat like what's that cop in Georgia the one that we always see on a roof is whatever his name is if you're like that And believe me you've got a lot of company including me. Don't be a largeic router shape the rest of your life because it couldn't be pretty short That's really what it boils down to if you're diabetic around a verge of it trust me when I tell you after 15 years of this crap It's no fun but with balance for life You can really lose the weight and be healthy at the same time not some kind of a fad That's some kind of a gimmick where you eat like little teeny tiny portions in your starvine yourself to that Unlike that balance for life to live as you a black sack every morning That's loaded with really good stuff you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal every day That's run a program in every snack and they deliver exactly what you're right right here. Do three delicious fresh gourmet meals made with the best ingredients Going they got chicken dishes and they got beef dishes and all kinds of omelets and fratatas and you name it They got a two delicious snacks all of that right in your black sack plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied And I helped you throughout the day. You'll start seeing a way to melt off that scale in just a matter of days So if you tried everything else of the sun in your frustrated Maybe even bigger than you were before that balance for life do it for you It's easy because they do all the counting and all the work there's no calorie counting on your partner Carb counting no shopping nothing worry about they do it all for you How balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty Two twenty nine or visit them on a web at balance for life.com Holy cow that might be it could be it's the one to two hour with the arabber the cutstock Can't get enough updates on Ben and J.Lo. Are they married? Are they broken up and you've got to watch 24 hour candid video of Ben and J.Lo complete with GPS coordinates Are they temporarily broken up but going to It's J.Lo available to Ben and J.Lo. Watch the circumference of J.Lo's punts. It's He leveled Ben and Burger What does J.Lo eat for breakfast? What's this Ben stool look like on fox this fox? One all one at five sixty WCM nine hundred and fifty votes on it will make a thousand easy You know, maybe 11 and four to two. He at the site is the final count Okay, the final curtain closes. Why it's better than we thought it was gonna be because after 20 minutes We only had 20 bucks so we got another 400 400 and 20 Which brings our total it's it's tough like I said they got plenty of money for Marlon tickets which they couldn't give a flying crap about doing a regular season But they got no money for charity for a band and pair rescue in dogs and cats and for the best in yield stuff For like Miguel said we do they don't want your crap this year. That's what Miguel said. They don't want your stuff screw you You just facet this stuff about fructose and irritable bowel syndrome. Yeah, and he's special reason This is from a globe and merely No, no die high in fructose making tribute to symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome a study released Monday says Ain't no fun. I'll tell you that IBS commonly causes symptoms such as diarrhea Constitutation I've done on this comfort and bloating Researchers at the University of Iowa hospitals in clinics and Iowa City of the University of the effects of a diet high in fructose the simple sugar Fowd and honey and may types of fruit Ready for that fruit toast. I yeah. I thought that that was supposed to be good for Researchers have found that maybe a significant portion of the population who are fructose intolerant and in previous studies They found that a third to half people suffering from IBS symptoms are fructose intolerant the sugar found in honey and many types of fruit Dwight much fruit. Oh, no, no, no, I don't swallow. I see look for the Russian doctor filled diet book in 2004 says David After being released from where you have no longer taking his little pills rest of the bowl Jump to 350 pounds and we'll see support from Katie Corric Matt Laura and Oprah and eventually hook up with Dr. Phil for diet tips It says here After getting diet tips from Dr. Phil rush goes to four 412 pounds Hey, go and David Come on Come on Come on Okay, what's your take on a rush-limb dog drug addiction store? He's a everybody called in tell us who's coming in from today. No Well, I've been out here. They're stuck over there good good. They deserve each other Or maybe nobody's listening out. They know he's not gonna be there nine hundred and sixty five votes What's your take? He's a big fat hypocrite four sixty eight I always knew it was full of Schmidt to 91 I hope he never comes back 93 a rush paper or plastic 39 rush is God 26. I feel very sorry for him 25 and I'm still a ditto head 23 See I don't see anybody but he would feel sorry for him right? Commitancy made about Jerry Garcia and about everybody anybody that every Kurt Cobain They deserve it. They deserve it because they were like rich white folks So we're like you know doing all these terrible things. They ought to go up the river He looked hurt had that chronic stomach pain all his life You know that's no excuse. I know and like somebody pointed after and his debate here a little while ago I'm seeing as I was Eve's dropping a little bit with my audio cam How come he was like playing golf and a good travel them all over the country and making these speeches and a response from at the Schwarz who was the fan and it was all well. He was on pain pills. Oh really no Schmidt How many does he need this between now and 130? 560 here's a lady in Davy hello Yes, man. Hi. I have a question regarding the broadcast of the Marlin game Yes, why is it that the guy Tom? I guess it is cannot speak into the microphone so you could hear him above the crowd When our wider was talking you could hear everything but the play by play was ridiculous You could not run on the crank up a TV then you crank up a TV and the crowd got louder and you still can hear Well don't blame him on it blame Fox sports for doing this group at the audio And I'm gonna take another thing and I'm gonna read I don't know about you, but I because Tom Brennan is a good answer used to work with Harry Carrier for years in Chicago And the fact of the matter is that I'm so sick and tear we got out lighter up there who is a terrific picture But why do we need to keep seeing him and his fingers on the ball you and you can see Tom Brennan's nervous They're looking out there in the field just make sure they don't want to miss the next pitch and like an important play and it's just ridiculous Crazy because you have the cranky TV up so I just don't know what we're going on well just be happy with the outcome unless you're a cup fan Which case we don't want to talk to? Yeah, I think the solution for sportscats thing is because there's so many bad ones now Let's just have 30 x-jocs in the booth what do you say? How many but third man that should handle it and then that Barry Jackass writes this stupid idiot a crap last week about oh Well, they finally got the right formula three in the booth that you're right you're an idiot very you're a moron You're just a Greg read simple things what you're you're like like something I Greg like after a bad meal of sushi like he dropped out of it What no speaking of that Uncircum-sized man have higher HIV wrist George. Yes, I know see this battle between the clean and the unclean has been going on the show for many many years You went I'm just on it just Please not it's not well you can have a squeaky clean button Concircum-sized men are eight times as likely to become infected with HIV then circumcised men Oh, I coined with study of nearly 2300 men in India. Oh, well I know how they smell yeah a Researcher at Baltimore is John Hopkins University School of Medicine's suggested that the inner surface of the foreskin Does not have the same protective layer as the outside and is potentially more vulnerable to HIV no question Mail circumcision is common in North American elsewhere for religious and cultural reasons and it help prevent urinary tract infections and peanut cancer When we sometimes they cut way too much The proceed Her those procedure involves removal of the foreskin which covers the tip of the penis and is typically done shortly after birth In the US some two thirds of male infants are circumcised annually Worldwide the rates vary widely depending on the culture and religion in many countries including India circumcise is uncommon It's important that we offer measures to help curb the spread of AIDS especially in developing countries We're continues to grow at an alarming rate Dr. Stephen Reynolds post doctoral fellow in the division of infectious diseases and Johns Hopkins and a study investigator said the state of release Last Thursday The American Academy of Pediatrics has said it no longer recommends routine circumcision because despite some medical benefit There can be complications like cutting too much Johns Hopkins also just take a little off the top Besides Johns Hopkins also stayed the risk of other sexually transmitted diseases among circumcised and unsurcomceded Uncircumcised men although the incidences of diseases like syphilis Ghana, Rio and general herpes was slightly higher among unsurcomcised men the difference was not statistically Significant Is speaking of diseases? Yes Tom Sullivan is filling in for rush today Somebody called and Toyota a bunch of people I guess We have a lot of listeners who don't listen to us No, it's just what is that mean? They probably turned over to my question That's all you're you're such a sour push man you're starting to get as sour as you're a compatriot there's your colleague Only the difference is he's got good reason you don't what do you what do you sour about? He don't get paid back of guy Yeah, it gives free hockey tickets a Get to come on here and make in-a-in comments and inaccurate statements for all of our vast audience out there. What the market you want? I take my job seriously. Well, that's the problem Anyway, Reynolds said there are methods Uncircumcised men may be able to use to protect themselves against each other including condoms the other Pope ain't too happy about that You know, that story yeah, which again. They just kind of like glossed over to find and say that That is one of the most infuriating unbelievable and of course the WWE is psychotic about that. Oh Don't don't use condoms all you people in Africa because they have a little tiny holes in the HIV Virus will get through there and it doesn't protect you at all. Don't be using them condoms You saw who might make lots and lots of babies. So see the Roman Catholic Churches of baby may it's a numbers game How many babies can we make you have in your lifetime? Working at it That's why that whole cock and maybe business about all while sex is only acceptable to the church if it's for perpropriation And you know, just keep making good Catholic babies. What a bunch of crap that is That's why I'll him Hispanic and him a day go and a Irish. That's why they go like 20 kids right Because they're trying to please the church Well, if you can't please the church please yourself Okay, please in fact nobody ever got pregnant when they were pleasing themselves Anyway including condoms in the future a potential topical microbeside product that might be applied to the force can be for sex You just rub it Well, I mean it's topical you don't want to rub it too much because then you're probably not gonna be able to complete whatever you were Yeah, just rub it a little bit. Don't get carried away I'm looking Descending if it isn't I can't find it stay on topic. Oh no, there it is just rub it. Yeah That's it. Well, it wasn't really worth it I wonder what the requirement did last week I looked up honey. Oh, that's good We hear any more from suds not lately. Oh So what is Rick Riley we did doing do we know I mean I know it's way That's off the surface of the vacation week it is highly likely that we'll have another visit from suds. Oh That doesn't answer my question. Well, I'll ask him that. Oh, maybe Rick is still waiting to fill in That there you go still waiting to stab you in the back so you can have reason to hate him like poison What you really do? Germans criticized leaders at admire the Arnold effect. I want to get that serenemy for the days I got a lot of stuff here to call you know, I will take one I like that take one here take one there at it Same forces all the time anyway 5 670 560 Wait a minute. What was that the name of those Egyptians was more Hamid and ata? Was that their names? Yeah? One of them. No, seriously. What's that was their name? I'll smay that Muhammad that's a 997 votes on a poll. This is got to be one or two people Okay, don't you think because it's a holiday? No, no, you don't think they're like loading a sub. Oh 999 as they stay in Germany. Yeah, yeah 999 that is unbelievable Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, over Did you do it Refresh it refreshing right now that they're just going crazy on this thing. It's almost like he's getting creeped by the entire rush people Oh, it's now it's so loaded up Hey, well refresh Refreshing you got what did you say a thousand now? It's gonna be more neck cuz now I'm clicking on my I'm way ahead of you And it's just really really slow. It's loading really slow. It just weird there guys. There's the zero on a top of my page There's the time there's the temperature Uh, 2003 2003 votes what's your take on a rush limbo drug edition story all them illegal pills he was Topping up He's a big fan hypocrite 486. I always knew it was full of Schmidt 300 I hope he never comes back on it. Hey rush paper a plastic orders to fight again in the ball game There was a fight at Fenway. Yeah, 41 very good miles rushes guy 26. I'm still a ditto head 25 and I feel very sorry for him 25 Which Robert creeper probably voted about 20 times? Robert you're an idiot man. You're pathetic. You're so sad if you had a brain you might be dangerous Robert's the safest person in the building Him and Greg yeah Well, that's right. Greg's the most dangerous person in the building cuz he actually has some authority 1 13 at 5 60 W Q m same IQ Hey, if you've got any kind of an IQ you'll buy a nice mattress this smart way if the old one is lumpy and puppy And we're not guess what mattresses don't make it come back. They don't have like a second life It's not like if you wait a few months. It'll be good again It'll be firm or you might foresee there so pick up the phone and call dynamite for us because all day every year 365 days year they give you the best deals at a world and see easiest pieces shop and cuz all you have to do is make one simple call They got the top names no crap. They've got silly Surred of tempered pedic Simmons King Qua turns in foster he would Jolly do his pickup that thing call 1 800 mattress. That's it no nonsense no bait and swish no house brands no phony sales No false promises and best of all a delivery deal like you never heard of in your life You picked a day in time for delivery any tour window that's convenient for you when your ass is gonna be home from eight in the morning till 10 and night any day Seven days a week so let from 10 in the morning till noon from 11 15 till 115 etc And believe you me they'll show up on time and you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your push right away I've been sleeping on more from dialing my person so is George and Miguel and lots of anybody else with a brain Scott would do a tool and he can't afford it with low prices same day delivery free set of her mobile It's easy to see why it can't be dialing mattress with your stick don't get full of our sucked in by those mattress Showrooms or furniture stir ads. They can't even come close to the great deals you get every day from dialing mattress calm right now There'll be there before you know it no time at all call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES is the only smart way to get you a great new mattress and a good night sleep or check them out online at mattress.com I How many times do I told you Robert that's not the time to do Today I What's walking One nineteen at five sixty wq have led for a don's Zimmerman. He just didn't know there's a John Henry again I thought we're irresponsible and probably just said in the heat of the moment and He declined to do so I must be crazy. I must be now. Yeah, you are man. He is one of the Wimpy is seriously That would be a good pull. Yeah, let's do that tomorrow. Who's the Wimpyest of them all? Okay, have you ever eaten it Wimpy's? No, is that a British thing? Reset the I'm not sure the Wimpyest of them all what we know about our little nasty What that grabs well, that's okay. It's part of my Canadian Thanksgiving dinner for me. I stay it was really good They five six seven oh five sixty if I had these little pumpkin tarts not pumpkin pie Proceed with little tarts and they had this like custard sauce that you put on top of it Yeah, sounds yummy. Mm. It really was custard was just in fact I could just suck that custard out of the container. I have some in a fridge right now. Yeah, be a while last a half hour I'll tell you that Foundless in forty seven votes. Are you ready for that? What's your take on a rush limbo drug edition story? He's a big pad hit or quit five hundred eight I always knew he was full of Schmidt three eleven I hope he never comes back one oh wait hey rush paper or plastic 42 I feel very sorry for him 27 rush is God 26 and I'm still a did of had 25 and Tom Sullivan is going to hell is that we have any idea? No, do we care me now? 560 pound five sixty on a 18-tean Verizon marvelous line Here's Miami hello Yeah, rush Yeah, rush speaking. Yeah, I'm just kidding listen if rushed it a Chip in a Gugst-to-fetal express over interstate lines at the federal crime all right It would be a mandatory minimum. I think according to the Republicans Oh right, maybe you'll get about thirty years. That would be good I turned a man. Yeah, uh, that and I bet you that is a turning sent him away for thirty days so that he could Figure out what was going on exactly good. And that's right get a good time to like a stall and You know in hybrid aid and state hallway from the media. That's right Right in the last point I want to make his he's not honest. He would out it He was in the drug closet and they out of them He got caught that's why he's all the sudden confesses absolutely correct sir and have a great day The inquire out at rush okay his heavy duty Pilabiction will most says he was doing enough to kill an elephant What are you doing like all the goddamn place? If heck you know what we should have played just all day That's enough that's enough for this hour For the segment I mean the beginning of that story where it talks where did would I do with that one? Where he talks about the or the or Wilma talks about how he was getting other people red paint killers and he was Embarrassing them he was coercing them he was pressuring them to turn them over to him He pressured one man into handing over Pilz prescribed for his wife after she'd had a miscarriage and scored Pain killers are Mr. Nagar for with a broken leg He was shameless if he knew anyone who was suffering pain He would try to persuade them to share their pills with him How do you like that how many you got there? I'll take him I'll take them all That thing about the banner that didn't have I mean you talk about going out of your way to leave us out Is that your answer wall and you'll Roger doesn't need any promotion? Yeah big banner over to stadium there they got 65,000 people in there for a little promotion for all of us go and it's a week Go Marlins five sixty we got balls and Howard for Rell mad dog goldberg five sixty Qm no kneel no Well, okay The Greg weed to a an a promotional department to his never-gale and Dereen I'm sure with not Miguel's decision and you know that That's for Dereen That's the sound she makes every time she drops her pills on a floor when she stands up Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and see if right any checks come in from inside the building Yeah Here's for a lot of Dale hello Yeah, yes, sir jealous That'll Franken-Jew lover. Yeah, you are okay. You're due lover. Yeah, now Franken-Jew lover. I see here's our last call as from Paparo hello It's great the things I'm not having her retain it's good Like I said morons people would I too smaller than their leftonale That's the hurricane crowd five six seven oh five sixty bunch of overgrown children just like the beast They wobble around you know rich parents. That's why they used to call it's unthan you But to sport little rich kids walking around a little brats. There's no campus You can't find it there's no can there's no students at in this morning events there It's just all the firm running phony's in the community running a word number one Yeah, I'll crap trying to make themselves feel better about themselves because they look around and see where they live Germans criticized leaders admire the onald effect The straight talking Hollywood action star election winning California has had an electrifying impact on Germany leading to calls Friday For top politicians device clear ideas and simple language will be swept away at the polls The more confused we are by what we still why what they say the greater our longing for a man or woman with simple words Lord build newspaper columnist Franz Joseph Wagner Wagner Only problem is that it's the wrong ones who usually master simple language Towards the biggest victim of California race for governor's lead to editorial Scalling for German politicians who abandoned their barely comprehensively speaking style and favor of card text straight talk card text and code text But Wagner also warns and others also warn the dangers of falling for simple remedies from loud Austrians who enthralled the masses Oh, sorry for me. You're Austrian born and all Hitler still cast a long shadow in Germany Celebrities come as during their decisions even some politicians have joined the course of calls for less talk and more action to get Germany moving again a few years of economic stagnation and political standstill all my first out was all my god Not another Austrian immigrant my god The first one caused an off-damage wrote Peter Bonnis a former government spokesman and newspaper editor in Analysts on Schwarzenegger with the tabloid build But you have an urgently need something Schwarzenegger life a can do spirit unconventional thinking courage strength and vision We're facing the worst crisis since the war time for another good fury don't you think sure good enough back there about it So there's the deal for your 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line Here's John who wants to Marlon tickets hello hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir Listen, I just wanted to call the thank you for the easy way that I want those tickets Friday I'm Friday right I made a painless as if the right to live bitter-randomated painless. Oh, I was I was in shock But I just want to tell you that my ton 10 year old son thought I was a hero The seats were much better than you described them. I mean they were upstairs, but they were the third row right the grain the game was great Everything was great and I just wanted to thank you. Okay. Thanks for calling John. I appreciate that enjoy it Okay See I thought he was gonna say hey I got the 800 bucks for those you know something like that Well, no, but this was the like that. He took his 10 year old kid. They had a great time And we're really nice, you know, and then I should mention was there any fallout from that I don't think the hump or we'd have give her crap to me Because I know I embarrassed I embarrassed Miguel and see this is just like the banner. It's the same thing Clarence had tickets for the Marlon game on Sunday to come small game and on all the sports show has been not for us Right and so I said to Miguel who of course is supposed to be someone involved in promotion Who's decision is that he said Clarence Well, I said school clearance. We're gonna give away a pair. So we still hang spare Because I don't think I can't with mind you if you Couldn't cure us he just wants the cash I taught Hank and the mad dog really well I'm trying to teach for all these like yeah, he's still What are you talking about he's getting paid for not being here today right nice gone for out 27 after one at five 60 WM of course that balances up because Scott's union There's not getting paid for being there so you see how In the end you'll end it out he's getting the mostly in anyway Dry concepts would like to come into your home and make it offer you can't refuse because they can save you right now 15% of next corporate cleaning and when I'm telling you They can make your carpets were just like brand new with non-exaggeration if I do it in my house for over 20 years and even with dogs and pets And whatever else you've got crawling around like little kids whatever might be your carpet's take a beating a pounding If you think that it's hopeless you're gonna have to spend a crap load of cash to get new carpeting Forget about it because drug concepts drag clean your carpets to the only people in the world who do this and it Makes them look and smell just like brand new lemony fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. It's like a miracle on your flow And like I said they offer you chance to save some extra cash right now called rock concepts toll free 1-800-24-0 there goes Zimmer on the ground again 1-800-24-850-71 and asking to push understand by list and then drug concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule It's the same ideas when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening They'll knock 15% off the price so call drug concepts 2-day asking them put you understand by list They might even have an opening for you on the very day that you call you'll get still 15% off the price of the job No forget they do give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a work. No rip off No scams just they stupidness unbelievably beautiful job every time column toll free 1-800-24-850-71 or check them on the web at dryconcets.com 2-A-M This re-huts in Miami fusions had caught you and I love the queen of so-flard and you're Roger should be in booking in palace but we'll keep him here Yes, it's 2-A-R not friends And yet we're touring once again Because all the albums tanked and there's nothing in our piggy bank That's why they're willing both of us on stage despite our age Or to make the sounds of seniors We broke up in the 70s and now we're nearly 70s our whole voice is no longer planned And we are both wearing defense and we won't have the slightest idea what we've played No hearing aids To catch the sounds of seniors Still lots of rupees come backstage But they all smell like them game Most of them got in the show for free thanks to the discounts from ARP And when we come back on stage to give you the ad course We're gonna snore Because that's the sound Looting years The home we get lucky 133 at 5.60WQ this is a cute cartoon drawing in some of you this made it's the uncle Sam of a poster billboard Only it's on all on the face pointing and he says I want you to let me sniff your vagina It's what I'm all the same Now guarantee is not saying it to Anne Coder or screw in Or Dorine Woo man That's never really pisses me off that thing about the banner with the ballpark it's just it's unconscionable See unlike the good old days that I OD what was that I OD TV spot we had Which one I don't know we had had the nice man thing on it And at the bottom the stadium both of the dolphins and the marlins they were like playing Everybody spots on there. You know, which one had his own free spot right renewry and me and Rick and Spud and whoever else was there then and They all we got equal rotation we were purchasing and rotating but not a cute way in man Because even though I OD in those days they had the dolphins they had the hurricanes they had all of those things Very sports intensive station But they realized that they had other things besides just Not a cute not a Q amp but it was a radio station if you remember I think you're pardon WIOD it was a radio station What's that And so here Domestic diva Martha Stewart's described her fears that exclusive innu with ABC news is Barbara walla And her only interview since being indicted for her sale of incone Implone stock and before going to trial in January next year Stewart tells the waters who wouldn't be scared of course. I'm scared The last place I'd ever want to go is prison and I don't think I'll be going to prison though brum handle it Can you Man brum hilda And you just imagine what would be going on in that joint Speaking of what Arnold just said I want to sniff oh nasty 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T they're almost out of material here. Here's Miami sure is hello Hello, yes sir. This is Miami sure is right that's what sounds like to me What did I call it thank you for putting this staff pig on the frying pan rush limbo all right and I wanted to State something it kind of clears everything up. I think anytime you see a self right just asshole Anybody who's on a pedestal like that you're looking at a hit the Chris it's built it by default right and I wish there was a way that we could just urge Mainstream media like 60 minutes Mike Wallace to get on this and do a complete Throw exo's day of all the sound bites you could get them his archives that that illustrate his Progress to concerning the drug addiction thing I'm sure Al Franken's working on it right now Well, I'd like to see the like the most mainstream media get it out You know what I mean? I appreciate what you're doing and I just want to say that Okay, thanks. Okay, thanks. We like the readers digest deep. We're happy go sure Good Sunday after reading and the readers digest put your slippers on your Tutsis and stick them up on your old thing. I can't wait for the movie the week Movie of the movie of the minute I'd watch each one a whole bunch of times Man, wait Now see there are some people that you just love a when they fall. I mean there are other people if you're You have like ambivalent feelings or maybe a little bit of sympathy. I couldn't a listen one ounce of sympathy for this big tab of crap He is one of the I mean you talk about evil doors. He's in fact We're gonna house the article about how when he went and visited the White House in 1992 President George Herbert Walker bush bush to one he carried his bags Huh into the White House for you know photo opera to media carry his bags in there Yeah To show all the right wingers how the end of the course bush got a zeskicked by Clint You know it goes to show it But nevertheless yeah, you did a photo about carrying his goddamn bags into a could sleep and look at them looking bedroom I wonder what he was popping up there. Not only knows So the same assholes that were screaming about Bubba in a couple of blow-jabs I noticed how silent they are now about their hero their fall on hero who's popping like Thousands and thousands of illegal pill taking away pills from little old ladies on street court Because he's so desperate because will must low on goods today Well, how much cabbage here one are peooking out the last few years you want a cool sloth without cabbage? Look at that phone man. There's one call left. It's West Palm Beach hello. That's fireport. Yeah Toast loves eat a four morning show Yeah Just didn't show up Okay, well, that's pretty exciting to we care about that. Oh no, he's toast Yeah, we're supposed to care about that and that's it no more calls on a board. That's the end of that Now you can read I have a lot of good stuff here kill bill buddies up to box office Most violent movie. Oh, and I got the you think about the army's suicides And pork con the leesum. Maybe I like to pick on con the lees a little bit and a little more yeah More than that a lot more than I do Army suicide yet I'll get to it just relax. I got plenty of time is not gonna be I mean now they're calling in to them. Okay. I don't like this We haven't done that a long time. It's a holiday. There's no excuse. A lot of people are working day. We're getting record breaking numbers at our pool Which I'll take the pool you know Calls we don't have to worry about thousand and ninety eight. We're gonna have eleven hundred votes faster and you can say I've got it. I got eleven oh one in mind. See before I can even finish sand it You're like a half a step ahead except on payday 1101 what's your take on a rush-lim-bud drug edition story? He's a big fat big fat Paper critical asshole 528 48 percent I always knew he was foolish mid-triended in 24 that's nearly how many percent? About thirty man. Why nine point four? I hope he never comes back one seventeen Hey rush paper or plastic 45 I feel very sorry for him 33 I'm still a ditto head 28 and rush is god 26 Don't you feel sorry for all of us or all of the positive categories let's eat two four six eight Who do we appreciate seven point seven percent Which means ninety two point three percent in the negatoric Who's gonna get Ricky a hole Have you ever been involved in a construction accident? Yes, let's poison it. Yes, let's rip her fall Yes, yeah, the scapula ladder happened to bronch you in the head. Yes, yes. Have you inhale the specials? Yes, you have a birth injury. Yes. Have a slam your finger in a car door. Yes, I've been blue You know so hard it blend. Yeah drop a toaster in your bathtub. Yes, I've ever get shot in the head with a pellet gun Yes, well we can help. Worst we zo gold steam kaputo and was now skiing and we'll get you your money Even if you really don't deserve it big companies have lots of cash. Why shouldn't you get some a Terni shells and gold steam we believe the best way to get your money is by lying Hey, no one ever got ahead in this world by telling the truth a Zuckness way although this may sound a little shady I have rock not to worry We got more judges and our pockets than you got lint You know in your pocket have you ever been punched one lactate it? Yes, ever swallow your own teeth Yes, as you love stick ever blown up the three times as normal size after a night of passion with a street hoochie Well we can help Worst we so gold steam kaputo one was now skiing we'll get you your money even if you really don't deserve it say All those we so gold steam kaputo one was now ski pays 47 separate charges of fraud their doors remain open come in See us talk We you're a pay a set Pay a set unless we get you your money. That's true. They only get about 10 percent 16 till two at five 60 over to QM there's Don Zimmer again. He just fell down again dammit He's a film really bad donies and burrs knees crying. He's like all that out of shape Davis signs California domestic partner law On the way out California has become the first day to require businesses with large-state contracts to offer domestic partners the same benefits that spouses enjoy Although the law won't take an effect till 2007 Outgoing cover to great G. Davis signed the bill enacting the measure which had been a key goal of gay rights groups Jeff Cours executive director be quality California called the move incredibly significant There are a lot of businesses that want state contracts in order to be eligible companies will now have to give equal benefits Cours said that's KORS as opposed to COOS Okay In 1996 San Francisco became the first jurisdiction in the country to have such a requirement Prompting numerous companies to offer benefits to domestic partners Cours said other cities have followed suit since in California Is the first state to approve such a law signed in a law by Governor gay Davis who's on the way out when I was considering Rice fails to repair rift officials said boy, and I you just can't are we are allowed to say anything negative Time to lose it In the constitution is in and then we can't criticize that bitch. I hate her teeth Last week the White House announced the national security adviser condolese arrives at the given new responsibility Imagine we struggling effort to rebuild Iraq in the words of one official rice would crack the whip frankly The announcement was meant by puzzle and throughout the foreign policy community isn't that with the national security Adviser supposed to do in the first place they were wondering This is a very long story. I'm just gonna read a little piece. It's on our website Rice has proven to be a poised in our ticket defender of president bushes policies, but Her management of the national security council the principal coordinator and force of Presidential decision making has come under fire from former and current administration officials and arranged a foreign policy Experts from the start administration has been driven by ideological disputes in foreign policy But both neoconservative hawks and mainstream republican foreign policy real estate many of the administration's foreign policy headaches are directed related to the interagency process that rice oversees a Senior state department official of hoising an opinion that few government disputed said if you want a one more description of the NSC since January 21st 2001 the word would be dysfunctional Rice declined to be interviewed for the article, but Steven a bigon former NSC executive secretary of left in January They become national security affairs adviser assembly leader built first of Tennessee dismissed many of the complaints his blame shifting He said the state department defense department don't need county rice to solve their problems They're at the table to solve those problems Henry Kissinger Former National Security Advisor in Secretary states said in my experience the losing side and argument in the governmental process Tens to blame the security adviser the fact that all them are complaining simultaneously is not a bad sign He said whatever it had supposed to mean he also said you understand to the stop open strike of every one That's what Henry Kissinger be saying Lot of Germans and Austrians in the mix, you know it yeah, I noticed that in the mix How is the pull mixin? Well, I guarantee it's a heavy duty 1136 votes. Can you believe that? I have to that's right now Ali on is I don't know do we have a new 2000 course? This is just during the show This is definitely a record number of votes and probably like I said a bunch of people with nothing else to do 1136 what's you take well, I'll read the result later on just it wears me out When it doubt it wears me out Look at that phone is that incredible response and I think that Hollywood line six is gonna be what we've been waiting for here's Hollywood. Hello Yeah, I like I said we went for another asshole. I was right on it Here's our last call this one's from Miami. Hello. I wish rush was on. Don't you? Yeah, yeah, sure do uh wish rush was on that's a good response. That's brilliant Did oh, did oh, did oh, I wish rush was on I guess what for the next month and probably Long on it Need for hearing that voice by just playing You know something probably for my noon to two we can get a hell of an old in service Everybody go step right now He's doing it. I sure which rush was on was you yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty army probe soldier suicides Oh You're sure that you've been celebrating for In USA today Alarm by the number of suicides among soldiers interact the army is asked to team a doctor's to determine whether the stress of combat and Long deployment is contributing to the deaths The number of suicides is caused the army to be concerned lieutenant Colonel L. Smith Cameron Richie No relation to line over tea or Jim Richie or fat Richie a Sire cactus at the army's uniform services university of the health sciences in Bethesda, Maryland Richie is helping to investigate the suicides in Iraq is there something different go out of rack We really need to pay attention to he said In the past seven months at least 11 soldiers and three Marines have committed suicide in Iraq military officials say that's an annual rate of 17 per 100,000 The Navy's also investigating one possible suicide and about it does not there army deaths are under investigation and could include suicides but it doesn The number suggests the rate in Iraq is above normal last year the military services reported eight to nine suicides for 100,000 The army rate is usually higher 10 to 13 now. I tell you this that mirrors the rate for the same age group in the general population 10 to 13 per 100,000 Then it sounds like a little drastic to you a little bit In a year Okay 10 to 13 so let's say take like Rochester New York star hundred thousand people that would be like 30 how many Nine in a year suicide I guess it sounds right and listen since we're talking about people that really ought to put a bullet in their brain I bet to those texts have come pouring in for abandoned per rescue since I put out my plea again, haven't I? Sales department my colleagues on here. I bet that might as well Oregon there Sports radio five 60s you a You Amolabel language I hear home to ring every all the word is I'm a team And here's the baby cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks left there Just hurts There's a wind and sight of this insanity all the dialogue contains Where and like a sailor on a free day pass words a whole lot worse than ass If Oh, no, look at this in Toulula, Louisiana. Did you see this? No, what church tractor collision Oh, and the church was reportedly they people are on the bus reportedly on a way to a church Yeah, I saw that he sure was a mysterious way, didn't he? The Lord yeah Faith fades where once burned strong. This is really good article in the New York Times today by Frank Brunei I Think I have time to read a whole thing do I will just remove over new a man dog show why not not now? Like many Italians and decades in childhood's past GM Paulo Savadi, oh you do it a romantic Catholic Massively week even service an altar boy But last Sunday morning is church bells told around Rome the city of Stored Cathedral See follow the different ritual he went running it struck him is a more relevant use of time The church seems really out of steps at Mr. Savadi or 39 Matching issues like birth control and questioning the very utility of prayer. I don't see something like confession and a few repetitions of the hell Mary Are gonna solve any problems. Hey now he's getting it He wanted if he should even call himself Catholic when you realize that for 20 years you don't do this you don't even go to church What kind of Catholic are you? I would say a smart one a Early typical one at least an Italy in much of Europe or the taster Christianity no longer seemed to bind the way they once did and often seemed not to bind it all This week Pope by John Paul the tooth is to celebrate his 25th anniversary of Saturday Roman Catholic Church which is both Europe's and Christianity's largest Anomination it's been a quarter of a century of enormous changes and he have been more significant for the his church and mainstream Protestant denominations than the withering of the Christian faith in Europe and the shift in its center of gravity to the seven hemisphere You know what they trying to say Christianity is boomed in the developing world competing successfully with Islam deepening its influence It possibly finding its future there But Europe already seems more and more like a series of tourist-trod monuments to Christianity's past Partly a month goes by when the Pope doesn't publicly be moan the fact that Beceaching Europeans reach out or we discover the fate The restrainment has deep implications including the prospect of schism's internet intercontinental churches and Political frictions within and between countries The secularization of Europe according to some political enlist is one of the forces pushing it apart from the US Where religion plays a potent and ugly role in politics and society shaping many Americans use it the world Americans are widely regarded as more comfortable with notions of good and evil right and wrong in the Europeans Who often sees it views as reckless and of course we know that they are absolutely correct in France Which is predominantly Catholic but in fact at least secular about one in twenty people attends a religious service We're compared with about one in three in the US. How do you like that hey? One in three in the USA What's interesting isn't that there are fewer people in church to the bervage all front swab or d'ya of little Lillian northern France but that there are any at all While France is an extreme case it's drift from Christians the Tusses and the spirity with the US hold true throughout much of Europe Or faith let's sentence that Christian services whether Catholic Protestant Orthodox is the province of a small minority of people They show up to mark crucial milestones in their and their loved ones lives, but they pay minimal heed between those visits To their churches exhortations and add munitions and abominations and the bubble micees The tension between contemporary attitudes and traditional church teaching is forced and emergency meeting this week of the leaders of the worldwide Anglican communion Respected it made the acceptability of openly gay bishops in their church yadiyada and go's on I was almost done with it. That's okay. It was good enough Because we sure want to give you one last look at these numbers on this amazing poll today each are hard out alien and even you want to follow us huh? I wonder if the Abolos are gonna be checking the busher check and rushes of penis while is in rehab. You're gonna bite his tongue 1166 votes what's your take on the wrestling bug recognition story? He's a big fat hypocrite 558 47 point at almost half an as audience say rush you're a big fat hypocrite not as fast as used to be but we know why You hear me rush? Maybe I'll talk louder Right I always knew it was full of Schmidt 349. I hope he never comes back 123 hey rush paper or plastic 45 I feel very sorry for him 38 I'm still a ditto head 28 and rush is God I mean God is you know we got that what if God spoke cannabis maybe God has hooked an oxycon what do you say huh? rush is God 27 We got the real radio God we got the mad dog I'm coming up next is gonna be basking in the glory of his team's victory over girls team again yesterday and Amarlins and the veteran and all of these things I'm not gonna The first time you pull the covers back and you saw a donor