We're talking to Neal, called 5-6-L Rogers, on Sports Radio 5-60 Q-A-M. It's Friday, you frasters. I'd be good to know what it is. And I got it right away. Thank you, Joseph and John. John, here on my fish caught broke. And like a miracle, I had a new one in less than an hour. Thank you, Joseph and son. Hi, I'm Jesus Christ. You know, it ain't easy living in Jerusalem when you look like Peter O.T. You can't speak a lick of aromatic. That's why here at Joseph and son Carpentry Shop, you'll always receive quality work at miraculously low prices. Right, Bob? Sure. So for the finest in custom wood grafting from a bookcase to an arc. Don't settle for any slab who just builds crosses. Try Joseph and son Carpentry Shop. Our work is guaranteed. My hand's at God. You know, one of the most disgusting things I think I've ever seen in my life. We're just sitting and looking in the other room. They're hanging it up for the cameras again. Joe Costello's over here getting a little training. He's got his training bra on and of course anybody's got a bra and it's good enough for George. And George is sitting there right behind him, a sizing Joe's. Which I thought was the most grotesque thing I've ever seen. Hey, speaking of grotesque. We got some grotesque stuff here today, including we got Miss Anna. The black and flatable party sheep. Oh, all right. All right. All we're going to be back on. See, this is the big news. This is an honor of our celebratory thing we're having here today. Cause Monday, this is one of the great accomplishments in my checkered career. This is a miracle. Don't you understand what a tremendous accomplishment this is. We're going back on here and for a Myers on Monday. Oh, it's from Tendonoon. Of course from noon, they got to put that religious crap on her for the paid for. And until at the preacher runs out of gas or money or both. Is you went out of gas? Not yet. I probably have that crap on her from noon to two, but never less because we finally see what makes this so momentous. Is that this is a radio station. WWCN. 770 on the dog. Good signal. No ratings ever. I mean, it's like they don't exist. It's a beastly state. There, rather ego. It's a beastly operation of their informiers. Never show up in the ratings. And evidently in the last rating book when we were still on over there before they started panicking and get real weak need in nervous because they had two calls from the FFA, the Florida. Whatever an F stands for association, the Florida. The Florida. There's association. So they got all panicky and put that paid religion on her. We better not put, you know, cut the crap. Okay. So the ratings come out and guess what we finally showed up. And it's that fag over there in Miami. He's the one got us some listeners over here. It's a major miracle. So Georgia's doing a show on Monday. Of course they probably don't know that yet because they're totally out of it. But he gets to talk that only to people over here. But the people in Fort Myers. So we got to black and flatable party sheep. Our friends over in Lutus are going to be listed. Alright, Greece are up for Monday. Speaking of Greece are up. I got so much stuff to talk about today including yesterday and experience of a lifetime. I saw the new arena, the way in arena. Are we just calling it that? I'm going to call it the macarena. Hey, that's a good idea. We just had big MacLeave town. Let's call it the macarena. I like that. Seriously. What's wrong with that? Even though he probably won't never be going there. It's the macarena. And this place is so beautiful. You just aren't going to believe it. It is so spectacular. They tell me it's the best in all of North America. You know something I haven't been in many of them. Of course, in fact, there only been in a few. But it's got to be. There can't be any place more unbelievably beautiful. And those of you hockey fans out there which there may be a couple of all of this. Article in the paper they said there's only a couple of people like hockey and rest of them like figures skating. Do you see this thing? The survey? Yeah, they did the survey because of the impact of the home run race on baseball. So the associated press did this telephone survey of a thousand people nationwide. 37% of those people pulled said they followed baseball, but only 11% said they chose baseball is their favorites. Fourth, they watched enjoy the most nearly 40% chose guess what? Professional football. What a surprise. What about 20% chose professional baseball? 20% or a basketball rather? 20% selected figure skating and only 6% chose professional hockey. Isn't that pathetic? Isn't that sad? Isn't that a 20% selected figure skating? Who the hell did they interview the god damn bullsroy ballet? I mean, what are we talking about over here? They do the interview at Charles Nelson Raleigh's house? Figure skating? And 6% said hockey was number one. But be that as it may? I'm not deterred that doesn't bother me. I couldn't care less. Because this place is so unbelievable. When you see it, and I have great news for those of you who are a patty that wound up in the upper deck or in seats other than what you thought you were going to wound up sitting on. Or that was your first choice. Doesn't make any difference. There are no bad seats in the macarina. None. I mean, every seat has got a there are sightlines that are so great. And I'm not just saying this because I'm doing a host job for anybody. It just happens to be true. And I said in my seats, by the way, yesterday, I put my big fat ass in my big fat seat there in section 101, run in the end of the aisle. She's one and two. And I said, all right. This is great. Right there at center ice. And the ice is down by the way, too. And we went on air v level. We scoured air v part every orifice in that place. And you just aren't going to believe it. When you see it, they've got that magnificent, which it wasn't operating yesterday. But this huge big clock with the other than that crap we had in the Miami arena where you couldn't see the Replace right thing on it. Which was the most embarrassing piece of garbage in history mankind. It was like, okay, it's stuff to barbed wire, which is the way in the way and the way and likes it that way. But this is state of the art. It's spectacular. It's sensational. And a little frosting on the cake. Well, let me tell you a first to rate story about who was there on Wednesday. I was supposed to go there Wednesday. But I guess I find out now why I didn't make my thing on it. My truth through there on Wednesday. Because my good buddy was there on Wednesday. My best buddy in the whole goddamn world. I've got damn world. Way in my way. Way in my way. Way in my way. Was that the macarina checking it out? And so he naturally wants to go and sit his ass and one of those is a great plus seats. And they are pushed by the way and very comfortable and great. And this is a true stir. I'm not making this up. And so Wayne sits down right there in the seat squarely and guess what? The seat breaks and Wayne falls on his own. Alright. Nice going Wayne. Sweetheart. I think God is a Panna back. I think there's a message in our way. So yesterday at the arena, I get to meet for the second time. A great guy by the way. I said it before. I'll see it again no matter what happens on the season. Terry Murray a great guy. Our new coach. And Terry has he's not a BS or a BM or a DST there. I mean, he just happens to be a really good guy. And we sat down and I talked about this one. Sox and say, yeah, you're right. Now when, yeah, I'm not going to repeat what he said on the air. He knows the lay of the land. He understands what's going on. And then got to meet some of the other people. Billy Smith was in there. It was great. Then we go to the locker room. I wanted to make sure I found out where we're, where we're, where we're, Whitney's locker is. And then we went up to the next floor. Me and Rimmer, the rim man. And you'll never guess to a my biggest fans to my closest personal friends. Wrapped there to meet and greet me in their orifices. Brian Murray and Bill Tory. There you go. And we had a yuck session man that we just unbelievable. It was great. My good buddy's Brian Murray comes over to me. He looks in both pockets in my shirt to see if I had any BM buttons on me. And I said, no Brian, I'm not going to give those to you because you never know when they might come in handy. And then Bill Tory came over sport and that's stupid of bow time. We had a yuck thought that we had. We just yucked it out there. Good guys. They, you know, very sensitive, very thin skin. But nevertheless, and we talked about the pot band, the other white felt in the back of the house. And I was curious about the quality of the pot band. And I was like, I'm going to do a bunch of assholes there up in Toronto. And of course, I already know that. And what can I say? It's just a magnificent place when you see this place when you go inside. And the greatest thing about whole deal. This is the number one thing for me. You saw the fact that it's too much walking for my house practically. The best part of the whole deal is the toilets. That's right. The toilets. Which they're having me testing on that tomorrow. Did you read about that? Rick Shaw, they haven't a whole bunch of kids over there. Now, I didn't, I didn't read the whole article. Are they actually going to be on there and then flushing? Or they just do it like a little test. Is it just a dry run? So to speak. So they're going to have like hundreds of kids in there. And then Ricky Tiki, who better than to be the toilet man? Then Ricky Tiki is going to be flipping out of his. Everybody flushed out. Come on. There you go. But at the end of every exit. I mean, every section there is a big, if they like alternate. One section they're like ladies rooms. And then the next section for guys. And then there's one also that says like, go on to side. Just got question marks on it. For many of our hockey fans who haven't decided which way they're going up. But it's great. Erby section has got tea rooms right there at the end. It's fantastic magnificent. In fact, I would be surprised if they have a tea dance. The first weekend, it's a grand new, a macarina. So you're going to be mighty impressed. I'll tell you that. And even those of you who think you're up in the nose bleed or a way up high. Good news for it because I went way up there too. No problem at all. You will see everything. You'll have a panoramic view and it's not like you're a million miles away. You don't even leave the monoculars home. The difference there between the last time I was there, but two months ago. And to be honest with you, I pretended to get excited, but it looked like it did the first time I was there back in February. It looked a long way to go. Now it is basically finito. It's basically done and it is spectacular. So everybody is going to be there. Trust me. The hockey team itself. We've got a ways to go. But the arena itself and the food stands and the selection of food. The food they tell me is magnificent because there are having a free buffet yesterday. What do you think Rema was doing? It's not going up the free buffet. Ten minutes after ten and we have a whole bunch of videos to give away to them. By the way of the golf variety. Where the hell did they come from? Another box shows up here. This is great. We don't have to give anybody a plug. It just comes in on the unmarked box. And there's nothing like an unmarked box. Ten after ten is 560WQM. If you're feeling lucky, speak them. QA tell. What's the coupon on with date and prayer? While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death. The one thing you have to depend on is your car. With chukinuth after the rise. The people who brought you a big black eye name Ben Carilard. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. Remember when we used to post a Mac and Caribbean jade? We ought to get a one-off in this baby. The white ones are coolers. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. What the hell is that? I have checked seriously. Hmm. Profit is in my fast. I take somebody's job. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. Whenever some faster tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my portable bill. You think M.S. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard. How are they available? It all is there. It's going to be 15.560WQ. What am I supposed to do with these? Norma Cadd is here, by the way. Great talent management associates are cheating. We just got Alice Rantella, big job at Los Angeles for 50 bucks a week. Just sign what? Sign one of them? Don't confuse us with the fact we're doing a radio show here. Because it's very informal. Stick around for some lunch or not, as a case may be. Great. We have some disgusting videos to give away here. Like I said, which came in a box this morning in a big, unmarked box named whatever. How do you like my name for the arena, by the way. Since Big Mac was just in town. Macarena is not bad. In fact, instead of doing the hokey, Pokey maybe won't can do the Macarena there in opening night. Let's still at way. Oh, you heard that. He fell on his ass yesterday or Wednesday at the arena. And sat down on the seat of his choice. And all of a sudden, right on his right go. Oh, man. God is watching over here, baby. He's going to get you with it. Good on you, no. That's the chair. So anyway, here we go. Now, somebody, now, see one thing is somebody can explain to me. Okay. Why is it that anybody of any variety wants to see he's he's. I mean, is that is the is the suggestion that a he's she is something for everybody. Is that I need these transactuals who've got like, women with, you know, is that what what it is? Chicks with. What what's exciting about that? What is it turned on about, but hey, far be it for me to ask because believe me, no matter what we got, we'll find takers out there in radio land. And I certainly don't want to be holding these up because poor fat Joe, what? Little bit can't we be adults about this? I mean, this one is called young young, baby. We have rhymes with young. So what's wrong with that? Huh? It's in dumb, which is what those people are. If you want to get some numbers over it, you would have this on the air tonight. I'm serious. You put this on a mini of that sort of. It's that having me talking about stuff that happened three days before. You know, much in the 90s your last night, I don't know about it. Get started on the way and you stuff. But you talk about dumb and it makes me look dumb. It makes me look like a fool because I'm sitting there talking about the home one, Chase and the choir even always a great home one hitter. It is great for the get is basically a boring guy. But the fact is that this is like, our Monday show and now in the meantime, Tuesday and Wednesday, he's hit the full home one. They have the 45,000 people out there at Wednesday. The whole town is like up and arms and also I caught it about it. Of course, in the anyway, our voters know evidence on this station of it. Not from our callers. Not from any of the callers. Here we just finished with this big Mac attack in town. And what are they talking about on the morning show? Fishings. There you go. Oh, he's getting tight lines and good fishings. He goes on there. I'm not going to try to wonder how come the show is not going to be. Fishings. There you go. That's something we would say. We can sink our teeth and do how? We can get our sinkers out into. We can probably grab that morning, never down to about a point three if they keep doing that fish and stuff. Let's get salty, soft, lightment back on here is what I say for the guy that's fishing me for it. If there's anything more boring than golf. Thank you so much, David. He really is in his own desire way. There's our. But anyway, right here's my check from my way. That's good. I'm going to get out of here now. There's anything more boring than golf. It's got to be fishing. In fact, people who play golf and go fishing. I'm not not going to be doing that. You know, dropping your. Drop in your line or your pull or whatever you're doing. Trolling with the pull. Do my guess. But talking about there. There are many things in life that are entertaining and enjoyable. But nobody wants to talk about it. Like I was saying the other day, you can punch your brains out. It's your money. Gamble your life away. Gamble them mortgage away. Gamble away the lunch money. I don't care. It's a free country to a point. Do what you want to do. I just want to hear about it. It is terminal. And the one thing I did see on their last night, which is absolutely correct. Is that a fiber out in the program from Pompatau Park, or be Thursday morning, and start going down, raise fire. Well, I better than the three, but he broke in the forehand. That's it. We wouldn't have. We wouldn't have anybody listening. Nobody. Even I wouldn't listen to it. It's how God damn boring it would be. But fishing? I mean, let's get sick. So what are the names of somebody's videos that we might give out today? Because it's the beginning of a Labor Day holiday weekend. And we want you to work on it real hard. I want someone that is Labor Day. What that is Labor Day anymore? We supposed to honor the hardworking workers of America's never Labor Day is all about. Do we have any left? Any hard workers? No. Hardcore he'shees. Maybe somebody can tell me what's exciting. I'll turn on about he'shees. In fact, it'll be interesting to see if anybody takes that one. If anybody grabs it and the video too. Here's a. Suckers too. And I know first words, not what you think it is, but it does begin with the seat. Let's give him a little hint. Okay. Rimes with dumb. Oh, by the way, I should be holding these up because I want to make sure they all get up. What? Why are you waving me? Why are you flipping me off and they're okay? Do you want me to tell me that you brought a ball in this morning too? Huh? That'll be next camera. If I had Joe brought a ball in this morning or was it something that rhymes with ball? See, he can bring you to ball. But son, I rhymes with ball. We can't show on here. This one's called anal or trainer. What's wrong with that? Some people are horse trainers. Some people are anal trainers. Some people are anal retenters. Like guilty. Is it an example for it? Here's one called the godmother part two. Perfect for the show. We're big godfather fan. Now you can show that, catch it. She's got her hands. Come on. There you go. Even fact, Joe says we can put that on whammy. She's got her hands over. Okay. They're very big and they're very gigantic and she's a slightly dark. All look kind of like mocha, not real dark. The godmother part two, it says making you an offer. You can't refuse. Oh. This is great getting all these every week. And a plain, unmarked box. And then of course, we also got the betchies of sheep or whatever name is over here for our friends and lutes and fortmires. Maybe the beeswaves would like to meet betchies. Then here. Oh, they already have. Yeah, I bet you they have. Maybe that's why they dress like that. Well, once I say I have to be kid, this is called an anal company and anal, I'm not too sure about this. Jazz. Well, it looks like jazz. Only one later is been changed to a court or techie innocent. What is that? It's really word is that. It's a jazz anyway. So we can say that on here. And those are words. Plaster my face with rhymes with dumb. I've got to be honest with you. I've got to be honest with you. But that's the cover that is. So we're going to have that on my way. And I write, come on. Are we going to have that on? Come on. If we get to promote this for like next Monday or Tuesday, we have a 90-year-on-a-day intro. Get some people watching it. It's stupid thing. Oh, I'm sorry. Just touched the betchies. I'll be back home. My action. Of course. Oh, God. Here's a junkies. Also discussed in cover. I mean, really gruesome and grow test. These are probably the most whoever sent us these. Must have been in a really erotic mood at the time that it did it. Here's why bus is five. Get that good shot of that. Come on, Joe. It's just probably a snack time. Of course, for Joe, it's always snack time. Caller me white. There you go. Kind of lighten up your complexion a little bit. And what'd be the other one? A young and fresh. Oh, and this is the definitive one for our audience. Here you go. My first anal. And of course, it's like one of those cartoon. Like I was saying, the people don't say certain things. It only like boohoo. And this is E.L. Is what it is. My first anal. E.L. As in. Oh, right. Well, don't do it again. Or maybe do it again. Whatever. No, thank you. So there you go. We got a whole bunch of crap to give away an out of labor day today for our finalist thing audience out there. And I guarantee I promised, oh, geez. Since very different ones at the end thing that whammy thing, I wouldn't be surprised if we had these on here on that show. It's quite a lot of fat Joe was saying that. Of course, you need the room, okay? Take a look at the size of those. Has anybody in the world believed that those are for real? Can any. Now that's going to be on because they're not for real. No, seriously, wouldn't that be a good brahmeter if they're not real? They can't be sexual. And the commission can't get all that out of shape. But because they're definitely not for real. Although I wonder, these are for real. Well, anyway, we'll find out. We have an open line of day one and a brahmeter. The whole question today is, there a bigger Yahoo in the history of the human race than Terry Baudenth. No. Can we ever get the game on my side by the way? We did not? Yeah, I'm getting the card to go to the store to go to publics for like a couple of quick things. And it's, uh, look at the clock it's a quarter of a. And here I am yesterday promoting seven 15. We got Virginia Aubrey, which nobody cares because it was on TV anyway. What? Joe, no further. I know something. Yeah, I am. Apparently it was a problem with a transmitter or receiver rather. We don't have it. Oh, no, but we had ESPN radio. I'm most of them who was high in his life and under again on ESPN radio. And I'm going to start up thinking, how come did they end game is it not? How come the guy damn football game is not that we didn't promoting all day long? Because somebody screwed up real bad. No, really. Really, pull up. No, just can't do these basic elementary things. So get back home and I actually did turn it on because there was little baseball online last night and there's nothing else to watch an identity. And so I turn that volume on. You talk, see those people think that football so exciting. Here's another example of this. I have no idea what the final score was. I don't want another final score. That was a snoozer. In fact, maybe even the SPN radio was more exciting than if you had had listened to Virginia and Aubrey. It seems that I have no offense. None. But the one thing that I love watching is seeing Terry Bowden, who is the son of God, of course, Bobby Bowden from FSU. Sorry, I'll use some of those bad, bad, bad, bad, good old boy. Good old boy, never stole a freight train. Terry Bowden is, if he isn't from Aintree. If he isn't, if he didn't like a float up the Kuhullawati River in his youth. I mean, this man, I have never seen such a, if you look up the word, you want to be a good old boy. You know, if you look up the Yahu on your website, there's Terry Bowden's thing pops up and it's picture too. So that's our poll question. Is there a bigger, a more definitive Yahu in the world. It's maybe one of the beasley than Terry Bowden. Good, God Almighty. Yeah, you're all hot, can you? Oh, football. You're ready for the excitement of football. I got this for it. That was the excitement of God name football. If I never see a football, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, yeah, you're all hot, can you? Oh, football. You're ready for the excitement of football. I got this for it. That was the excitement of God name football. If I never see a pink skin again, it'll be too soon. That was coma inducing. 1026 and 560WQM, why not wake up for some great lunch. So there's the O5. 15QA. Yeah. 1030 and 2M. You just told me something that caused me to just change my whole approach to life. That is so grotesque. We're getting calls from people. I keep in mind yesterday since it's been, I mean, it's the holiday weekend. After we get to Monday, maybe hopefully it's then. It'll be like life's back to usual in this God for a second place. Maybe. Everybody on this station, everybody in town is praying. But in the meantime, so yesterday, we gave away 8 per hour tickets to see the Allman brothers for all you drugging's out there. We wanted to go to the Kroeskaya amphitheater when they get to pneumonia. The pneumonia powers up their impondition. That was yesterday. Now, Georgia, one of the things you can knock many things about Georgia if you want to make some stuff up. Okay, and no one did little spiky. He's there whatever. But the fact is that when it comes to getting stuff out in the mail, people like before the show is over some days. They want to make it that knock at the door. Here's your good stuff. We just gave you that you won just for calling in the stuck and around. People are calling in this morning wanting to know where the Goddam. Amen, brother. Tickets are that we just mail that yesterday. They're in the mail yesterday. You'll get them today or tomorrow or maybe like Tuesday. Okay. And it causes Wednesday. I mean, I don't think you have to like fondled them for several days before you have confidence that you got there or once did I. Maybe we'll send you the black sheep. Okay. You can fondle her. It's. That's either black sheep. Good. God Almighty. I mean, it's one thing that we got so many free loaders in this time. But shameless free loaders. Okay, Jimmy, whatever you got. What do you get it away? I'll take it out. And where the hell is it? Why isn't it over here yet? How come we don't have a Goddam curry or a kid or not going to have a Goddam or give me the stuff? I'll take it right. Let's send you. I got a great idea. Let's send the videos out to people by courier and see if the and no, no package. Go wrapping and see if they actually show up or not, huh? Do you think that any one of these would show up at your house? No, because the curry is in fact the curry probably would jump to work for a couple of days, right? No, you bet you if we'd ask. Yeah, that's where we'll give them personally delivered right to your door by some young guy. Well, just may on the way get lost on the way. Especially if you encounter this hard core heat cheese. I'm sorry. But I think you're right. This one, this one thing that's hanging down like a hang nail, but a little bit bigger. That cannot be for real. Come on, let's set out of the way and he, come on, Joe. What is wrong with you? It's not for real. It's like, uh, they owe that to our teacher for real. I forgot. Yeah, those are definitely for real. But she has got something dangling there. That is definitely. Do I dare say this? Well, I mean, why not? But it doesn't look easy. George, it looks like it's like tied on or paste their glued on or something. It looks like it's coming through from the inside. You know what I'm saying? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like maybe somebody got lost in there and it's coming through from the end. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you'd have to see it. Come on, let me. We got to get it on the yard of TV show. I've been. Come on. How are they going to know what I'm talking about? It definitely looks like there's somebody you've been there. Come on. I'm not going to throw. Let's see if anybody responds. Hello and there. Oh, God. That is unbelievable too much. Even for an old proverb like me. That's just more than I can handle or character trust me. Okay. We have an open line in J five six seven. Five sixy pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. And let me just tell you right now by the way, I'm not just going to give these first of all. You got to be over 50 to get these all right. If you're under the edge of a hundred, there's no chance because we want to make damage. Sure. We don't send these out to no miners. Okay. Of course, it can draw on school anyway. That's why we waited. That's why we waited till the kids all went back to school because we don't want no little 16 and 17. You will see me nasty nasty. As you people would call him dirty videos. As if they haven't seen them already. Right. Over and over again and probably got a better collection than most of you. Oh, that's terrible in this casting. Yeah, that helps him here. Well, that's a different story. Here's Miami, hello. Our first call for the end. There's a long pause. Here's a pretty good one. What is it? Not a call? Miami. Yeah. Uh, Leo. Yes. Archie-Cuy that cock's already. Yeah, yeah. And I'm trying to have him on that show and we've got to give this out of it. They have him out again last night. Why didn't see the 10th or D show? I'm sick and tired of that cock's butt is way in on this show. But they have to whammy people there. I say put his ass on the show. I mean, we're only getting like one and two shares with me. We've been trying me out desperately. Everything out of the size. Stand on my head. I put this. Martha's on. I say put on. Concentre. He's got the great TV reputation from that Mark Jacobson show. Yeah. But everybody beg for them to take off here and they finally did. Two open lines in day five six seven. Five six six seven five six. Five five six. The on the 18th. North mind me show. Neo before God. Yes. I'm looking for my eight to the woman. Yeah. I need that eight to the right. This is what you call this yesterday right there to the show. And now you're calling it again today. How do you like that? I was actually going to troll for that guy. And I'm not going to do it because he's pushing too hard. Just like the scene. You're pushing too hard. This is pathetic. This is unbelievable. This guy was the last call at the end of the show. I remember very well, sir. You're not the term meter religion. I'm going to start believing in you. You know, cut the craft. Man, oh, man, the ship. It's we have an open line in date. I'm not giving these away. I'm sticking the back in the box. I'm going to give them all the Josh Friedman and Robert Greaver. Oh, my. You don't need them. So what is wrong with you? You don't need them. You're getting plenty action over there. He's got his long and his gone. I'll give him way on Monday. That other thing for sure. Why? You will not give more on Monday. Otherwise you're going to do one show where you're like auditioning for the future of your life. And you're going to suck calls out of these people on. It's a holiday. You'll get plenty of calls. You're a guarantee. Any time somebody, we could put a mouse on it. We could put a church mouse on it. Oh, yeah. You know we're so tear that meal. But you're a presser for it. You'll get all of that. Believe you me. Or you'll get the A you're an asshole. What doesn't make any difference? Trust me. A guarantee. Don't go buying your audience. Learn from me. You should learn from all these years. Don't go buying calls and try to buy your audience with a bunch of your water giveaways. What I ever do something like that for our discussion. Bro, test. Totally inappropriate. First conversation. When they're so desperate in the morning, they're talking about fishing. Fish in. And then they're sitting there putting entire time thought about how they show suck. And then we're right. At least honesty is starting to see some of that show a little bit. What's off fishing? Okay. Me and all. Climes with on story. Oh, don't take it personally. I'm also in hell. Here's a hell of deal. Hello. Me, I'll get there. I guess pushing too hard just like to cover on that video. How do you like that? This guy called me yesterday. If he ended up in charge. Which I really wasn't all interesting to begin with. He's looking for a black atheist bitch out there. I said, don't keep a troll for that tomorrow. Come on. Come on. Get back again this morning. Be a lot of stuff. I think these people want to pick up. We'll get your own guy then. Show. So sir, go get your own shelf and go troll from saw some atheist disgusting bitch. He's a very good dog. That's what he's like. What is it? If you thought he had his own show. What do you know? He wants a black magic woman. Who does it? I don't. I saw something on that. Well, okay. Thought something on TV last night. That was absolutely the most disgusting thing that I've ever seen. Yeah. If you didn't see it, I'm sure some of you are audience. There wasn't more disgusting than hardcore he's used. I'll tell you that. Well, the man. Definitely somebody inside. But anyway. It was called. We're in this show going to be on by the way. I have to see this. Oh, yeah. I think if they got any. But they really want to get on the mat. They ought to put this on the 130 show in the morning. One of these nights. One 30 after midnight. They used to get on there. This show was on Fox. I think it was Fox last night. It was called the wing cars. The tax. Yeah. And the premise of this show and it was not a part. The premise of the show was cars. They get angry at their owners and run them over and cause accidents. And do all kinds of crazy things. All by themselves. You know, they're feeling heaven hurt. My father was that moving with the other car that's. No, no, no, no, no, no. It was an hour. It was an hour of video clips. I just thought that again. I just thought that again. I just thought that again. I just thought that again. I just thought that again. I just thought that again. Every time John Stockholz on my screen, the FPV clicker stops. Yes. I thought that was real. Yeah. And then got a guy on there. He's going to be a good interview. Then the shop and look what it did to a soldier. And you see that. Yeah. The price of aliens that they had on Fox 2C. I think that was the whole separate world who were fantasies. They're going to grow our driving. Yeah. We really knew that he didn't. He was reading the police on a chase for 45 minutes in a hard. And they're telling us that they the car had no driver in it. 45 minutes. And now we know what color they call it. It's launched. Thank you. For the good news. Okay. We have an open line in day five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T. Why was lying? It's twenty one before eleven. That's a schedule for a pompot of park. I don't think my friend Carol Huff. That's my good friend. That's the world over there. By the way. How's my good close friend. That is a pompot of park. What do you mean three four? Huh? I'm feeling well. Okay. Pat. I'm feeling. I'm a club dominion. So anyway. Here's a September schedule. What's it today? Today is September the fourth last time I checked. We got a time. We're casting. Look at this from Duke Koyne and freehold of one of Clark's great harness racing. We got Daniel Highlight. It's on 15 July. Garden's stay day in the Saturday night. So we got one. A bed light long neck please. I want a bed light long neck please. You would play from birthday. The bed lights long neck. You would play. You would play from birthday. But like long neck. You would play. You'll see it. And bed lights long neck. For the board. Okay. Okay. I'll show you. And bed light long neck. For the board. Yes. I know. But like long neck. It's a. Yes. You like the bed light long neck. Yes. In the world. Put it. Like it's long neck. Yes. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. Put your bed light. Uh. Uh. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. In height is ready. Big low it's happier because we do. At thle game set I can see our score tonight. Drawing joins the d'abolagna drawn coming from the action. Thoughting with mon readiness having six 30 times. Watchlas flying истории. List of coffee. quey pediway演. So? bit. It is so hard. You broke Dutch bears. It conjunctions with the good folks who put a play in rageax. It's. Witcher. Question. The Lord is looking for more than a cotton cord to plug her gushing gas. You get the last time and the white tape will end in the line. The first pick one up and throw it in. With a drop of mint, more pleasure without morning's a garbage. You've got it for the lights up and the right tape is not ready yet. The lights up and the right tape will end in the line. Our white-h-ship pick one up and throw it in. And throw it in. Throw it in. Throw it back. You get the one you get to then. Give it a try. You get the last touch and the right tape. Put it in to the line. How much? She's picked one up and throw it in. And I'll make this. Okay, 1045 and 560WQM. So I'll pour David now. David's far as he's got it like, get all this masking tape. This is sad. Isn't this what America's all about? Repress and constipating. And we have to put masking tape over these boxes. These are even like living and breathing. These are just pictures. These are all they are. And catchers. So they just pictures. And boxes. Okay. With video tapes inside. And we've got to cover these up. And it's going to be like tons and tons of tape. I mean, you know. So if you get your tapes in a mail, by the way, if we do wind up giving 80 of these away today. And it's got all kinds of mong on it. Don't blame me. All right. This is a call up very deliberate that you are saying. And blame his ass. What is it? Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you aware that there's a fish and show on weekly here? Luckily. No. On Saturday morning today, I'm on the 790. There's a port of sports and fish and show on. Perfect. Because Renery's going to talk about fishing and that kind of stuff. So it's perfect. It's on his station. You know, the logical decision. You know, the water. You know, the water. I'm looking at nothing wrong with fishing. But who wants what is there to talk about? Well, actually on a radio show. I mean, I know there are TV shows on fishing, which to be our boring two. But nevertheless, at least there's something to see. You know, when you catch the big one or whatever it is. But on radio, what is there? It's like that cigar show. It's somebody that knows something a little more than you do. Like why? Well, you want to be, you know, flipping one of your warm. When you're supposed to be twitching your jar of spook, you know? Yeah, that's true. There's techniques. I've never heard about that. Yeah. We got fresh water and salt water, different areas. And you also should have had a tire of fly. Sure. Right. Buzzbait. Uh-huh. Dragon Road trap. Good point. And anyway, uh- Check them out. Good for them all. Saturday. Yes, sir? Saturday morning. There's more of our Saturday, lifestyle, my check. Anyway, speaking of fishing, that kind of fell in stuff. Yeah. Did I suck around for video? Yeah. Anyone in particular, sir? Something very head-wrote. So, there are very head-wrote. Sir believe me when I tell you. How about ammo trainer? Negative. Uh-huh. It's got, but it's got, okay. How about, uh, you're like this one. But I can't tell you the name. Hold on. Okay. Give me this one. What are you doing in the black sheet? Oh, George is always putting it on the wall. He's mounting it. I mean, on the wall? Oh, my God. You better get this, Joe. George is mounting, uh, Betsy. What did you do with it? Oh, that's bad. What did you take her off of here now? Was it interfering with a, see this whammy thing, man? Our whole life is surrounded by wood. They're like six people watching their thing. So, actually, everywhere I go. This is the amazing part of it. I know you don't believe me. Everywhere I go. Everybody. In fact, I was in public last night for 15 minutes. There were 7,000 people on that. They're all playing to watch in the show. So, uh, you've got damn nails and people. We know it's a communist conspiracy. We know you're paid off. We know that Wayne probably got his fine thing. Where the two-beddy pawn is back going. And that chair and the arena the other day. That's going Wayne. Where we going, Northami Beach. Hello. Northami Beach. Hey, where are you? Yes. Are you starting Wayne's here? Uh, I've found a finger now. And I'm on the arena, train the diving. And this weekend is the Jeff Boyd. And then it was National Betty. Yeah. So, I found a bunch of buddies. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's time to first read and don't have to clear about hockey. So, I've said you mentioned pop men. You can you elaborate on that field. And can I spread that for an anal video? Can I elaborate on the field? I mean, there is no deal. It's up they had the deal done, which is not the first time they thought they had a deal done. Now all of a sudden guess what it wasn't done. And then all of a sudden Mike Smith and the people in Toronto say, well, you know, can we have and come up here and have our own doctors examine him and got to eat and buy all of the other crap. And they said no way because it opens up too many allupals and we're not going to do that. And so they said, well, sir, we don't want to do it. Maybe we should change the needs partner for a finish. Yeah, sounds good to me. I thought, what do you want to tell? I already want to just spit it out. You guys, thought that for a minute. Okay, you got to hold on. You're sucking up for an anal trainer. Okay. Yeah, these are both fast because we got to give these all the way by noon. All a beautiful job. That's lovely. Now you sure this is going to peel right off? Now what is that? In other words, you can put that. That's okay. I'm a TV thing, but I sure which we had the radio people. That's okay. Even Patios is okay. Because these aren't for real anyway. She's got the zongers, the size of the state of West Virginia. And the same. You can't show the nipple. Isn't that? You can't show the nipple. Isn't that prophetic? How you hit that Joe's fan and make an ass on there a few weeks ago? That was okay. If there's anything more pornographic than fat Joe's naked ass, I'd never seen in my life and thank God for that. But a little nipple. Everybody's got a nipple. How come you should be? You can do your on 10s. We got nipples. Yes, we sure do. We got guys nipples. Oh, that's different. So in other words, now you're telling me that there's a difference between a guy's nipple. Here's a great topic for a Monday, George, which you also know nothing about. There's a difference between a guy's nipple and a woman's nipple. This is really, really, very interesting. And of course, all these very, very termally straight guys are going to say, Well, a woman's nipple is in a rodent, a son. Yeah, like here's isn't. A man's nipple is grows. A woman is a thing of beauty. That's the difference. A man's nipple is gross and hairy. No, no, it's not. No, it's not. No, it is not. Absolutely incorrect. Again, I'm not. For example, have you showing your ass to the world one little, you know about anything? Mr. Sex Expert in there. We'll share all of his brilliance with you on Monday from my 10 to 10. 5. And then we'll find some notes to talk about that. He might know something about. Yeah, men's nipples are hairy. How about that? Wrong. And just got no my nipples are not hairy. And I'm not sure no nipple. Let me just say. Oh yeah, they may be far. And here he holds you. What do you want for me? But no. Let me ask you, you've seen tens. You would you say that DTs nipples are hairy? No, no. Of course, it's hard to tell. Because we can't stand sideways. Save. What? It's hard to tell if you're near. I don't know. I don't want nothing to do with guys who shave. Okay, they're body here. Oh, no, geez, that is the most. Only screaming queens do that anyway. Okay, only flameers do that. I'll leave the flameers for somebody else. Try Josh Friedman. Of course he wants a straight video. I'll make you want to learn something. But isn't that something this business about? What? And that we show with me in short. He's a big, big, big, big, big, big, big. There's as long as we don't show the nipples on here. Isn't that wonderful? You people out there at the FUCC man. You people need some very, very serious ass systems. Okay. And we can certainly show Godmother because she like I said. Oh, yes. Send the lunch away. Okay. They just brought my lunch in a fat show. Just showed the nipple. He just pulled up a certain show. Big nipple with disgusting oozing fat and steady like all around us. Oh, don't do it again. I'm going to tell him that I'm vomit. I'm going to like, oh, yeah. Jesus. Man, man. You know, that girlfriend is. It seems very nice. A little pudgy but very nice. She like blind. She like got some kind of a problem between her ears or something. I mean, how and God's then could anything alive touch that. How could anything come close to that? Like you've even been being in the same vicinity. We know clothes without lots of clothing. Are they doing what's clothing out of what I feel better? God. Here's my him, hello. Do we do? No, great. Thank you, Frankie. He's back again. Nice going. You know who that sounds like? That sounds like Ron. We have it over the line. It does. How about some pros that Ron? Come on. No. Come on. Let give us some. No. Open line in date. Five six. Five six. Five five six. On the 18 p. while it's live. Come on. Send us some old pros that can mail Ron and do an a good for you. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Mr. You want to look on the internet. This New York Daily News. They have an audible baton. On the old. On the internet. Hi. Episode four. номot pork. Wired in Reader. What 2 tracks? Eight trunks. Th best pounds. Are you going to a call. Don't get caught. Do you want to post here? No. Three ves. I won 2 songs. Do we take a chancebox with you? 10 shouts or evidence? I'll show you. I don't want Tom. look like Jack has been spending some time with her big filly on and richy wold recall really yeah I'll start on Tuesday thanks to the good news they can thanks I guess we'll be here from Jackie Lee anymore right yeah he's just one of those guys who just are hard ass that's the whole deal with him doesn't surprise me in the least part ass where we go on to what is it north what is what is that m o b what is that Michigan owned in bread is like a horse thing what does that mean my call it means my well somewhere okay let's go to somewhere hello well yes sir what a lot of deal well it says m o b there's a mob student for a lot of hell so you think right in yeah I just got a first guy in the mail so yeah I'm part of the meal since yeah yeah what do I do what do you know you do they call me in the day and call me what I should uh part of the survey yeah so I'm gonna turn on that I'm gonna be part of the meal since family so I really don't they're gonna hook you up with a meter they're gonna let me up with a meter oh sure if you say yes if you say you want to be a part of the family they're gonna come and hook a meter right up to your TV oh why not why not yeah I just like to say it's special thanks so I know what we not continue the all of the lot just we did I just want to say those people know this goes here aren't part of Canada they did a hell of a job up there no but those are English speaking people we only knocked the frogs okay special thanks just go out to those people and on the other side is which air does there's a lot of credit to forget the right in there and getting their people right in notifying the families as opposed to TWA and the whole industry I didn't enjoy everybody around when they had that crash yeah I know I really have so I'm really appreciated I think they did a great job yeah I would be you know I really don't think thank you yes sir okay thank you okay well need your help just that meter in there sir okay I'm kidding oh thank you we love him how do you like that now we got some hope there I when we got a meal to die oh yeah well that's what we need we need to fix it I put it at a long time ago you need to get those it's kind of like I have about 20 steps in the house it's a 1056 a second amount when in down I don't want to see any more flesh from in there the only flesh is going to be on pictures from in here okay here's one for you can do a job on that one boy that will be a tremendous if you can cover hi he's gonna have to use a lot of paper about two rolls on at the table to be the hands of experience there he knows where to stick it it's what the you a the meal what you show they all yeah you're kidding talk about 60 W 2 and go for the here it two we got the marlins again we got the marlins and there's anybody care about that victory then the suppose the suppose and the suppose anybody care no I knew you wouldn't so anyway I'm sure I'm just in finding out about how come that bulging and then get on life something we promoted the hell out of all day long we had those promos running on tape for promoting a life we got Virginia Auburn it's your fourth half six months and so they just we got ESPN radio one year life I know my god can by the way lunch today everybody get lunch and I thought I would be here because I got mine I got my cold cut look at their fact joe and there you know a stubbornest fat bush may he thought that those breast of his will be before just wake early finishes this meal from pre-most up voted best of them for what it all created my before our real plantation people and then I don't have no bread here I'm not even a sub I'm eating the cold cut and cheese thank you and a little bit of a couple of pepper or cheese and that's about it thank you guys let's do what what I what is that again the mob in Miami okay let's go to the mob in Miami Joe's upset he's attacking he's obsessed with the mob hello that's a lot of hell well here I said you're the mob in Miami okay so you better look around see where you are mister you better know he's in earth maybe you'll know that he's at oh Joe's I still was at say he's part of the mob hey me help you wonder you can afford to work in his joint hell are you alright I'm fine why because they sometimes when you when you start to vetting like that I mean hope for over 20 30 minutes touching about what I turned on the radio like half hour girl and some of I usually know better than to expect more from truth from flirtia really I mean they're a certain animal that's like a lot of you know the previous one yeah yeah I mean even month it wasn't even 10 30 in a morning yet the next day after we gave them away and already these people got the hook but because I could understand if the concert was tomorrow night it's next Wednesday it's the nine okay they are big deal here you know 10 they want to express delivery they want somebody not gonna under door with it and I think she passed out so just gonna pay I had a career there's seven free day you want for nothing and I'll fetch you they're not gonna call you it's thank you that course we're out saying look at all the tickets I heard somebody called one of the shows and maybe we're saying show yet today thank the station for and talk about going out into Monday because you Wednesday winning them tickets to see big Mac and that you look at all the tickets that we gave away for the Marlon's Cardinal series and if I had anybody called here I mean I think maybe we had one but all the other people that we give away tickets so they could go out and be a part of history and be a part of that great stuff that I've announced they don't call back and say thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you I'm grateful I'm grateful I'm grateful to you right and I think it's in 20 some I do it's going to you have 23 24 and 100 years right why I mean as you everything anything different now every year after year now there's only have a better good word right and the thing here you want to know why because it goes with a territory being a free loader down here's like it's actually like a form of life it's like it's not something to do well then hey time you know you're in Florida and the thing is if you ever let go out of your job or you're a junior house or whatever order to play to want to be because you go into one of the three like apps by cat before they even feel so you know I mean this is a place where you're gonna have a lot of trepvers and a lot of fuckers and thinking about sucking around you know what you want yeah what do you want which one sounded to intrigue you anyone in particular I like to kind of like what you can give anything like that I don't even have any lesbian wants to be out with you I'll take any of it do you want to have any a black one? well here's what it's gonna have the lesbian teams in it this is uh cute young babes eager at my first anal E.L. young and fresh yeah this is not all kind of this is got some that you can't even figure out what they are yet okay hang on pal thank you I think we're not figured out okay he's on six so he's on the amobline so kind of so I care in the mobline here's out gold seen in here day which we had a microphone so I could go but we don't can you believe what happened for radio phagia just thing by the way because of TV people still you bro I owe boy you are I'm so worried about you every time I see you get to figure and figure there are states in the United States that are on those big South gold things what does it say on the end it says out gold steam how homosexuals can open doors probably from the rear as in back those what he's talking about so see here you're way behind the time just about you're like George you think we're sexist we're in the meat can we thought up then more heterosexuals are an anal sex and homosexuals so close to show you you know little all here he is with my keys again now we all look at that stuff like a little a little pink bow on it too beauty don't hit this camera I'm telling you those uh whemmy people give you the whammy yeah the ultimate guide to anal sex for women by what is it from the uh uh content family who's just from what are you showing me here by Tristan Palamino also read it one item on interest in anal sex that's up your alley okay please see my guess you can probably take a dog may sure and get him okay because he's a big hand bone he wants to be on effect you know something if the whammy people were smart which they're not but if they had his ass on here he would he's got more money than god he go on here for free he's going to pay you people he's got such a massive eagle this man is the only guy in order to want to cut a body in the size of my pan and he go to still bigger than that he might get out all planes all yeah wasn't bad enough I had to have what's his name in here hugged me the done top now I got out gold things touching me all in the middle of my lung look at this y'all my yeah and you know so it's the sad part of it is he's curious the first human it's the first human contact he's had in months oh that's good I'm glad it was good for you it's good okay it's all over here you go here you go here's the towel go I have a good time oh my god you know what okay now let me ask you before you leave you enjoy the place doesn't like a joke it's like a standing joke it's the tape is the anchor yeah yeah can I know all about you can I what did you throw you you're gonna hit this microphone he's like time come see other day can you control it how can I ask you how do you breathe seriously no seriously how do you breathe your phrases all red you like all you did was bend down and hug the chair for like 10 second and you're still here and like your phrases all flush you look like you're ready for a heart attack well what sizes that those two shirts you have that you're wearing so in the heavens Jesus God this he's wearing a a bag pack a fanny pack the size of uh Vermont yeah how about somewhere in there okay thanks to get in here and twisted oh look at how is that oh what up she piece of bread sit and only was you wait look at that my little thing just fell on okay there's our gold thing yesterday was done cockster two days ago disrupting the show today we got our gold thing just the unbeatable fuckers circus is fuckers doing here are we doing a show anymore though after this week it's Labor Day it's a holiday reliance but David is still frankly overheard taping up the a private show here you go now here you go Joe we can get this on there yeah we got like little up he should take on there so because we got to satisfy the f us to see and watch them dc we don't want to put no dirty body parts on the television there's especially on whammy because there's keep them tonight's already that's a last god damn thing we need is a bunch of pornography on it because some little tiny kids out there might want to watch it and see that there's such a thing as a human body part God forbid it's 11 away to take yeah six he's w 2 m out of her the dark Friday we have big out golds here too that we don't have a guess mic in his keep past outfits so we could put out on the air for a couple of minutes and he was busy a rest of the thing down there on the floor we have it's the sheep we do yeah it's the cabinet because the cabinet behind us there the guest mic guys gone guys he's leaving for you we're gonna be the host of the art studio we're gonna spread we want to be around the air full of crap okay Greg will get George's bonus could out here so anyway there's this one on David's war is who worked feverishly in here to put them asking tape story we can make these suitable for TV on the way me show and did a bird look at that beautiful job covering all the rights spots and holes and parts in the just to make sure that we don't just please our friends up there in Washington DC and did them upset and better shape but on this one I would have to question I mean he blocked out the body part well what said I'm not very attractive young ladies push a face what is that and of course I think it's out of the way she's probably how she knows she that exactly what is it's broken version you know what that is that what he's done is that why don't walk it around the bit the best way to win in the same huh oh he must have won the game but see the sheep in here they not going join must be psychic he must be talking to his whole grip and I heard this shows what coming in for the games this weekend where we're going to a full waterdale hello hey yes sir let's not lay out hey don't hey pretty good hey uh name my lad is a broke up with our girlfriend and I sure could go for an angel trainer you and your old lady go up with her just yep our girlfriend yeah well that made me that made me she's not a welcome in the half of the more you're a snow stand a little too much you can not have made yeah and probably crimping me with two and a shot haha good no okay yeah well I tell you they were talking about fish not a morning show this morning is it kind of sweet a sauce over yeah that's what's my dark state or whatever that character was talking about redneck you think you may guy does look yeah oh yeah so maybe you're gonna get okay hang on top giving this one a time back to like that yeah a lot of it hey let's you'll get whatever how I give you okay you'll like it too and then you can call George I'm on the edge of how come you said me that piece of crap or when you thought we're getting okay you'll take whatever we give you I sure we're sure who these came from boy look at that they're really like a 99 you know the piece because they got the stickers on their way of prizes pretty damn cheap against me a hell of a bargain but we just get a plain brown box every week and they can send me he's the worst word or I to do with a private public for a little bit of entertainment and amusement out there in this otherwise extraordinarily dull and boring place I mean I is in any content I think more excited and worked up about these than they were the Markman Glier you bet you sweet at there grab about the big Mac how's that macaroni coming by the way I love that I think that was one of my strokes of genius the Mac arena named after big Mac here's Kendall hello hey Nelson yes sir I'm not super she misses my but in love you may need comments about other leader men there we also talking about yesterday no I did not I saw that I really them in live as a matter of fact I was trying to channel when there was not thought that I wouldn't ask for what I thought you know what I thought that one in what's the period I the crazy guy for the North Valley because they've better said her yeah I'm family okay I think one in the and then we're gonna put something that's yeah yeah but I don't know the answer is how come how come they don't wait I mean the one handy say well we don't want to actually maturely and we have to wait till they send up the report and then the White House responds but somebody's need their shot up until I get the report why did you feel compelled to be standing there? why also the if you remain to that I keep the orientation stands in the empty chamber let it be the most attached very comfortabley and i i'd say it's his home yeah I don't know. I just said never the dead impact, I don't think. The same body touch, I don't know. How could you have died? So you took a video for which one? I'm already taking a two children. Who drew? How about the godmother part two? Okay, I'll be your mother. Okay, line them one. Give them the guy or Joe's right on top of that one. They're giving them mob mother. Oh, Jesus Godfather, just right on my back, Joe. Right on his back. This one's doing it if you're right now. I would give anything we'll bring to our Wednesday. Oh, Wayne, do you think that looked on their Wednesday? Check out one of the chairs. Oh, sorry. Sorry, just fell on his big template. What are his answers? God is better than the corrections is. Of course. You think so? Wouldn't that be something? Crater answer. It's 11.19. I'm five six low. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Okay. I know you're not so much a good fan of their aside from parties. But when you buy that? Well, you follow up these folks who didn't follow any other sports too. And I was just wondering if you heard what's going on with the results pretty well. You know that he has the money every e-reparaly and the suit. Yeah, he has the nerve now to want to do the MBA for e-mailing. So, he has an app for the, I mean, you know, they had a word about a hundred witnesses that thought him, you know, wrapped it around. Oh, they have witnesses. They have it on the, they have it on tape. Are you kidding me? I'm pretty sure. I didn't know that much. Yeah. Or if like absolutely ridiculous. I mean, he's claiming that it treats them. And if, if that's really ridiculous because he's really long being the reason. I mean, I mean, maybe not the whole episode about seeing at least part of that. I'm taking a moment where you have seen that. Wow. My heart was just not like it happened in a, did they have lots of witnesses? It happened that it's a practice. Yeah, how did people hear? It's a fun little. It's a natural TV. Yeah, it's called, it's a more, whatever it's named. Right. And then he turns around and he wants it to delete. He doesn't have some. He feels that he's not making enough money. Yeah. And I'd even explain that. Well, I've been only realizing my life for hockey and not too much more. He's all a bunch of crap. It's not to be ridiculous. I hate it. And overpaid assels. What do you want, sir? Yeah, I can I own a video. Okay. Next one on top of the pile. Young young. Maybe lines with the thumb. Hold on. Okay. Okay. This is what he's got. Right. When he's done. And of course, maybe we'll let them take the field of your stuff off. Okay. And it's interesting. Maybe David will let the field back off after he's stuck it on. But what does that mean? What does that mean, Joe? He keeps putting mob on there. Mobbing sunrise. What does that mean? The mob is all over the goddamn place. I just don't understand what this is all about. Joe Costello's in the morning. Moboring in the days of sex. I think this is a match of the match. Oh, I know what it is. I mentioned about fishing shows this morning. And, you know, maybe the colors are going to sleep with the fishes when they're not. Maybe that's what it's about. Some kind of a subliminal message in here. If you want, I'll wait to pull her my weed. Just don't know what you're. Here's the mob and sunrise. Hello. Hello, sir. Are you part of the mob? Doctor. You like to be part of the mob. Well, I guess. Jackson has to know. So, if I do get no detail to get yourself. I can't even join one, I'll not. Good first. Yes, sir. I'm going to tell him about, like, sitting with to the, uh, to the Durrina. Oh, he's beautiful. I can't even hear him. There's one down I guess. But, you know, the other day, just part of that, I was there down. He's been in the mob, right? He would be like, come to her and a, a helpful woman with a gigantic beautiful steak dinner. I mean, there's a good comparison. Yes, sir. The most beautiful place you've ever seen in your life. You come in by there. I've never, I've never, I've never talked about that to a mob. Yeah. And, you know, he's, I can't even see a person. You're there to pay attention to my family. You've never heard of someone like that. Oh, yeah, sir. Because they got the influence, right off the, uh, off the, uh, sunrise. Yeah. Right right in off the, uh, there's an other one. And there's an other, even side. But at least you're inside the place. And they've got out in the auto lobby. There are restaurants and, uh, you know, snack bars and all kinds of things. And there's a big, uh, a big, uh, panter, paraphernal, a story, a shop owner, a device. And there's still all of the stuff. And it's like, oh, they're from world. Yes, you could pick the other arena in there like one third of this. You know, because I've been invited to, uh, because I was sort of state and then they asked me to work around there and you know, just, you've got to, you know, in the marries. It was really like, like, Charlie, but I started to get in off. You know, you know, the word, the quoted stuff. Yeah. And we've been part of the place with sterile. I mean, it was functional, but really, this place is, you know, you've made with the area of housing and agencies. You know, how are these consequences? You know, they've been veteransati together to build robots across the state. Which they've been a heavy startup to demonstrate, who makes bucks, I'd really such like, you know, the, uh, being in andれる wheels, the same thing. Being靜ly like just moving this, That aby, to David. You know that and these guis in a camera and I know where that just kind of has boar, that meant you could be talking about. này,orparing to, being built out of Tantaj Monn Luz know where it was, and it's like, every time I say it. I told me, okay, well, what about the camera and kimchi trying to- Read the area a very easy way after. I'm not a sea killer like like look at the different types. Oh this is different believe me. I see the sea's in the sea's in the market for self. But you know, it didn't work. Okay, you got to hang on time. Okay, this is the one that's got the first name out of the first one. Whatever it was. And if I'm telling you there's somebody in there. There's somebody knocking on the door and you just can't get out. Wow. No, it's to show you guys. Don't go, you know, sporing too far because you may wind up inside the cabin and never be able to find you way back out again. 24 hours to 11 on finalized, then on 2A. We better get to the bottom of that. I think that's a real major one of whose responsible for that. You think you could be well, can you? When you think the program directly would have been all set up when we had that line in and make sure that we got that game come up since we're promoting you. You will run in some more zalde. Here's the mom and Holly. Good. Hello. Hello, Bill. Yes, sir. Are you good at it? Okay. Hey, hey, I was listening to that picture show this morning. Pretty good. Really, think of anything you don't want to talk about. We said that the theater is just not too heavy. It's not a man. I've been quiet here. It's just a hundred percent. It's the vending history man. The dolphin season starts this weekend. The first meaningful game. The happy camp of the working camp of incinerate. We got the arena now just about finished. All of a sudden stuff going on here. And they're talking about fishing. And then they wonder how come they show so bad? I think they got the watch. What the hell is wrong with these guys? And then, and then even worse, they said, that's a big guy going on there doing a suck up to his New York Jetston, which everybody who would have brain hate to get by poison. Except those New York idiots. What's that? All about the other stuff for the Jetston. Right here at the beach and outside. A giant beach two miles. Yeah, right. Yeah, the only reason is because I was waiting for your shirt to come on. And then he started talking about fishing in the jet. And I was like, turn it off. Oh, yeah. That time keep them all. Man, I think lawsuit is in order. Yeah, I agree with you. Hey, can I get one of those? Yes, yes, sir. It's all we got nice. It's called Pasta My Face with a non-tell. That works. Okay, yeah, it does. That'll be it. If you look at the picture. Oh, by the way, stay in the picture. Boy, now, must be a lot of that. Good. Jerk and lotion going around town. These are women out of the morning. You got to look good in the morning. You got to look really beautiful in the morning. Oh, my God. I'm doing this, buddy. We're going to have to put it on the black sheep factor. And jerks can get him here to up in the merges to the eating of free lunch. It's 1126 and 526. 28 out. Here's my weird. It's 1132 and 560. W.M. Happy Friday, too. Maybe they're going to more celebrating by giving away some great stuff. They just show up in a box. There we have the old box in the box. And what a great job. They did for the most part of taking up these things for the most part. Only I want to hear on the back. I mean, it's interesting to me that he takes up certain or a physician. But other things kind of look like old water. You don't want to shoot those, Joe. If you want to value your job. Anyway, she must have a bad job of applying the lotion for that. Huh? Well, what's my favorite software there? Anyway, we got the 3 of these. Wow. The dow is up 51 cents. Oh, that's up 5. Maybe we will be. All these snack bars, all these different kinds of food. I mean, the old Miami arena, the food there was like absolutely good. The worst thing made the food at PP Park seem like gourmet. And it was like going to root Chris Statehouse by comparison. The difference between PP Park and the Miami arena. They're the worst goddamn food. But here I have a feeling it's going to be better. And they know it's got to be better because if they want to keep us in there and know the quality of the team that's going to be on the ice. We're going to be spending a lot of time eating food out there in the food court, wandering around in the lobby, flying a memorabilia, whatever else. That's what we're going to be doing. Here's Big Pine Key, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Mr. Rager. Yes I am. I've listened to you for years. Who's probably that everything she's done on the air. Yes. Then an audience fan. A day before you have today. The last half hour between 11 and 12. Yes. It's elevated to a dow with three. Because with you articulated to eloquently. Oh God. These, I mean, I give anything to have a, let's say for that. I was talking about that was so outstanding and brilliant. Let me hear it. Where are you? Again. Oh God. You were talking about people interrupting their role. Religion after the. Yes. Retarded. Right. You're doing. And that's right. All that's been said. Right. Why can't they keep it to themselves? I mean, intolerance. I mean, intolerance. I talk about it. These were tolerant people they understood. Hey, this is what I believe if you'll believe that's okay. We just won't talk about it. And then we will never even discuss it. We've never even discussed it. Believe whatever. Ferrie tales you want to believe. Don't put it on your guy damn car. Don't come knocking on my door. Don't start putting newspaper ads in the paper. Tell me that I'm missed. I'm that I should be the. Tell me what I should be. Just be whatever you want to be. Okay. Go to hurt anybody. And that's it. Very simple. We don't need. We don't need any big black book to tell us how to be a decent person. Everybody in the world knows the answer that. But we got to have all his hoax focus. And about to be in a ton of an asshole, like a crusade. And all the other bullcraft. Honorary Christian soldier. I just. I just. I just. I just. I just. Yeah. For that. Crap. It just occupies my mind. Concentrated. Concentrated. With that crap on there's a stupid bumper sticker. Yeah. In their stupid pamphlet in the store. In the motel room. Yeah. Everywhere. I straight. You go to a motel. You open up the door. There's a guy named stupid Bible in there. There's a Bible. And of course in Vegas is a Bible because the blood prayer there can't hurt. You need that. Well, it was. But any place else. What is a Bible doing in my a drawer in a motel room. And of course, you know what most people are wearing motel rooms for 20 years. What they're doing in there. Okay. It was a cut aside. They think that they were doing in a Bible there. Be getting and be getting. It was a cut. I can't hear. I was pretty. Yes. For that. Our day before yesterday. If you ran that again or will it make it to the TV show. I'll say. Oh sure. I'm sure it will be on it. Just keep taking that way. Anything. Thank you. That was it. What gets me the word is. They're playing even more tonight. It's way to it when they feel threatened. You have some for a little reason. A little thought. You get a discrab about to say. Oh, well, you just get just blind. Yeah. All right. Thank you. It was a good start. Have a great day. Okay. So anyway. What's that going to do before you run? You're going to work. That's a lot of things to do. Do it fine. 21 till noon and 560 W to Q and we have an open line in day 560 50 50 50 65 60 on the mobile One line. Jesus loves you. Oh, yeah. Jesus is the way. Jehovah's the way. Fine. Go find them. Okay. Get on the right road. Get on the right. You're on the wrong highway. Okay. Because Jesus is the end of this highway. Get on some other highway. Put putting that stuff in front of my post and go have a great life. And of course when you look at the people who are driving those cars. Then it gives you a little insight as to what we're talking about. If you want to like make some cuts. Okay. Tell me, do you help or no longer for it? I'm a Catholic. Put your stuff in front of me. Put your stuff in front of me. Put your stuff in front of me. Put your stuff in front of me. Put your stuff in front of me. Put your stuff in front of me. I'm not a person, I'm not a fool, I'm just a president, I'm not a little I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little, I'm just a little I'm just a little, I'm just, I'm just a little, arms like LEGO I've been so close to myself it's not like it mala! Vielleicht except for your eyes, to throw somealy To me, say no, let's I don't ever open the eyes, no, never again I'll cut in the cells, to flesh, to the fullest I think if you were fast enough, gotta warn us Oh, lady. Cool, gentle, gentle walks, some nice Snow. What, what, some nice Toe? Cut me. Laitiaour, wanted to placeór, twenty-one Brownstein and long time ago. Yeah. I think you got on the scale right now, about three month after but I'm not sure what you will talk about was no one my can. Then it was tons of fun out gold steam and now. Oh, what a graper. Who actually I think lost some way did you lose some way? All right, what a great birthday. I can't say that the people used to it. Of course, I always just hear so by comparison, you look very, you look like, like, VT, like he's doing the VT's in there. Okay. Hey, by the way, that cross guy amphitheater is the best. Okay. Where we go unless we got to hurry up, we got two videos to give way before you know, oh, Chester and Virginia, hello. Yeah, this is pretty wild. I'm sitting here at the office, we can't get radio, but I can't get internet. How do you like that? For the damn good. I don't have any to go. I don't want to see video on the internet. You keep on talking about David. Do you think that's great. That's the idea. Uh, you're teasing me. Got a teaser imagination. You have practice makes perfect. What have you got? Well, fun videos. Some stuff that you can't have Virginia. Okay. Where we go. Let's go to, what would be something we started sending stuff to Virginia? Probably after my GC. Here's my and me. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know what's a funny thing about these religious nuts? And what is that? These are the same people go to the portal shop and they were the leather necklaces with a spikes and stuff. And wait for something to take them off. They could give them a tip one. I right. You know, and they they're good. Yeah. And they take the collection plate and take all the quarters and the loose dollars and stick that on the tape show and go ahead and have a good time. Yeah. And then they go having to condemn everybody else. You say half dollars because I know the place is getting bad. There's no signs in the church. Yeah. And I can't put a while for hang on. I know, in fact, here's one called. He's okay. Hang on. Well, he's heavy. Want to suck around. Okay. That's on line three. Take care of our fine friend. They're all right. He knows what side it's on. He said what I wanted to hear. He said the truth is what he said. There's like that in the church or something like that. What were you about? Joe's even writing mobile on there right now. That's said I don't want you to overwork yourself. I realized it's a bit so a couple of letters on there. I mean, he's in training here this morning doing this. I don't want to overdo it especially since we never got that check to give them for my good friend Adam in sales for that spot. I recorded about 10 years ago. Well, it's like everything else here. It's work. It trickles in real slowly. Okay. If you just hit back in dummy up some day with you like that 50 bucks I got that I still know what it's for. I'm sure they owe it to me probably from my so far a little bit long ago. I don't remember what I was for. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello, yes, sir. Leo. I'm here in my house. This is a radio and how come you're on a mobile? I'll go home. I'll listen to this guy. I didn't get to talk about your or damn base. And I say, well, I call a little little. And who's that? I don't know. I'm going to power 90 six will talk about you. Oh, Don't cost. Yeah, I think that's they're not. He's an asshole. Oh, everybody. Okay. Let's go to a house. Doc Cox is talking about me. I'm power 96 for one. We don't want nothing to do with you. Don't you understand? Class. We don't want nothing to do with you when you're big. That ass. Just stay out of here. I mean, I enjoy what our ghosting comes in until he started like. And he also has something out of goldstone was not joking. That's the thing that's scary about him. Any contact with you in the flesh that he can like fake his way through. I mean, this guy is really competent. Feel here is what he's doing. This is not a joke. That's what it. I'm serious. He puts on an act like, oh, it's just a big joke. But in the meantime, he's grab it and squeeze in touch and then you can tell when somebody means it. And you're just revolved. I'd rather make mad passionate love to fat Joe in there than ever touch our ghosting. I'd rather died before I even think about through a touch and fat Joe. So what is that? Does that put in its proper perspective? Man. Good. God Almighty, I'll stay to how away. And it gives me those same keys again. The same Phantom keys to his. Here you go. Here you go. To his a joint and Amsterdam. Now he's got a lot of joints and Amsterdam. But you know, they it was like a little nice to paint the line, too. Just to be a little little shot, a little comment. And he's still on fifth. Yeah, you got to twist it and you can turn it. I'm twisted in the packet. OK. And it still doesn't go in there. Here's a Hollywood Hello. Yes, sir. What do you see in Hollywood? Yes. I'm here on this arena. I was up there. I've just been there a couple of his clothes. I can pick up. And I'm up there the next lesson. You said, well, if the nosebleed. I know I'm not there's four of the things that they're there. No, they're not. And like I was probably in him, he said, before I went into every different part. Every level of yesterday. And standing seats and looked down. They're great. You get a great panoramic view and it's not like you don't need binoculars. It's not like you're so far away that you can't follow the action. You'll be astonished and how great it is. OK. And also, yes, they are called just don't get too tested when you walk in there for me. Seriously, the upper deck it's like steep. It's much more bank than you over being because it's much higher. And you better just watch yourself for a go down those stairs. What is it? It's like the video all the way. Like where the sky passes all up there. But that's actually more less than if you could do the live. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's way to help them. But I'm telling you, you get a very very good the sight lines. There's not a bad seat in the house. I mean, I call the Santa Organizations here today. And maybe every organization. You think he organized an organization? Organizations. Yes. I call them yesterday. And they said they're having a on Saturday. September's what? There are having an open office. The floor is taking a picture. Always. And four. Yeah. How can they get a couple of mid-term here? But it's all right. Well, there's today. And it's not the practice. You know, it's not the public. Yeah. So I asked him. What about the, when the practice is on the regular as a player? That's not the open that a public can. And I said, well, they can. They can. They can. They can. They can. They can. They can. They can. From. They would. And tell us. Like that. I just promoted. I was there yesterday. I thought the goal story in Brian Murray, and Terry Murray, and Jan Murray, and everybody in her brother. But I guess it's what they're on. Yeah. Maybe somebody in P.R. Or say, God's on the other side. I said, you want things like here. Not only we have a lot of things. Yeah. You can't just on the general and the section today. Yeah. What's this rule well? We're kind of getting to break some, uh, my day shows. And all you rank in now? Get away out of the gate first. Yeah. Okay. Have a right day. All right. What's he talking about? Uh, where we go? Let's go to a highly a hello. Highly a. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing, you know? I'm doing great. Good. Just a little kid. Yeah. Brother and lost in the wheel. Love your show. Got me turned on to it. I think it's great. I just can't stand it down here. All the answers. She's huge. Or months, huh? Oh, it's everything take long. I just can't believe. It was the work. It's the work. It's the way to come to mind when you think of this. It's the way to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What, uh, I can start to relate to you when you get on your, your landing about the people down here. You know, no matter what it is that you talk about, uh, they don't know for me. They're not interested in it. They know nothing about it. And I've been on your her for 22 and a half years. And I still don't know what that will be interested in. Yeah. Like the other day. Right. Free craft. Free craft. They love it. I don't care. What is it? They are. They just love you. They'll embrace you. They'll talk to your toes. Anything. If you have free stuff, but other than that. Right. And, uh, uneducated. Stop. Right. So, uh, have a good life. Have any videos left? Yes, sir. One. One bus. There's number five. Sounds right up your alley. Hang on, pal. Okay. See you around. Thank you. Hang on. Okay. There's one of our Canadian pizons. One of the English speaking Canadians. One's we like. And the post to those, uh, you know what I'm talking about. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian. I'm a Canadian.