This is Sports Radio 560 QAL. Sproom of the R. 560 WQAM Miami Fort Loderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. OK. The Neal called 560-560 toll free for David Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. The Neal Rogers is a beautiful cell-fueled TV. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. A raccoon. Black. IowaMusic 3 16. Water. A raccoon. A raccoon. It's okay. I can crack it up. I'll crank it. Anyway, good news. We got the casino ships back again. I don't know what money they do with cruise ships with casinos on ships. I've told you that for years, it's a rip off. It's a wasted time, but the good old Gus, he got him back out there again last night. And thank God for good old Gus. He ain't got to take no crap from nobody. The sun cruise was back out there again and they're fleeceing the money and more power to him. Okay? I mean, if the people in the state of the people up there in Tallahassee are too repressive and too knee-endethall and too stone-aged to let us have real casinos on land. Then people are want to lose their money to get away to do it. Great article by Fred Grimm and a Heraldis morning, that's God Fred. Because Cinos get a free ride. One of the few times that you'll ever read a column in either newspaper and this down and learn something, what a concept. You actually, I learned something this morning. So when we go back to the bus to the cruise ships a couple of nights ago, one investigator said he was playing poker aboard the Sun Cruise six while it was still docked in Hollywood. And it was claimed that the money, Carlo, which tells out a pop-o-beach, cheated gambers running Blackjack games with deck-slacking crucial face cards. Bill Thompson was not surprised at the cheating charges. Thompson would teach his courses in public regulation of gaming and has written five books on the gambling industry. He said it was a given that without regulation is going to be cheating at some level. There you go without regulation because the state of Florida, at least, for consistent, we can't regulate anything. He says you don't have any regulation in Florida. He said Florida simply honed at the largest, unregulated gambling industry in the nation, only South Carolina, which has 30,000 unregulated spot machines, rivals Florida in positive oversight. Nevada spends $30 million a year keeping Cinos in line. New Jersey spends twice that much Florida spends. Take a guess. How much do we spend? Zero is the big. Nothing. Zilst, Zippity, Duda. In the bad, for example, casino workers must receive a license from the local sheriff after a criminal background check, not in Florida. So there haven't raids. There's staging these things for the media for public consumption and body, butterworth and Ken Jenny to show us all that they're doing for us. But in the meantime, it's as backward because there's no regulation. So what difference does it make? They're inviting these people to rip you off. And if people want to go and get ripped off, I think they got a right to go and get ripped off. If you want to pay the lottery, be my guest. That's what I always wanted a great rip off. And history, but I'm all for the lottery. I think if you want to go and lose your money, just like having gone to Vegas and lost plenty of money last week, I have a good time. You bet. And that's what all the regulation they got out there. Vegas is lucky used to be years ago when the guys with the twisted noses and the stripes suits were out there. Now there's heavy duty regulation. They got guys overhead. Unbeknownst to you. They're watching every time you pick your nose or grab for a bit if you're picking your back bone. They're like alarm bills that go off. That's right, especially if a seed pops out. I mean, they're watching everything that goes on. That's the kind of real heavy duty regulation oversight. Although I will say this, I better not say it. Well, do I want to say that there may have been miners gambling at all the casinos that I was in? Do I want to say that? No. I'm telling you, unless I'm a bad judge of age. Huh? And when you're an old horny, flag like I am, you better be a real good judge of age. Because you know, there's a country that you get real nervous. You got to check ID before you touch anybody. And I don't know. I saw a lot of people that look like 18 and 19 sitting at slot machine have a good time. And the legal gambling agent, Vegas, is 21 last time I checked. Do we believe that there are any, huh? You said there's any kids gambling out there at Vegas? No. But at least they make it at 10th. That's the point. They make it at 10th at some regulation. At least protect the public. For example, it says in Vegas slot machines are routinely checked to ensure that the return is at least 85%. You see the signs out there that say 97% return, 98%. But they have to return at least 85%. Overall casino gamblers in the battle lose an average of 3% to the house. And of course here it's like, who knows how much they're paying back? 5%, 20% on these cruise ships. But people are so thirsty and so desperate for some action that they go down under the port, either up there in wherever, pop it over wherever. And they hop on these ships and they go through miles outside the international waters, whatever they call it. And they plunge their brains out. Anybody we know ever reading went a lot of money on any of those? No. Not even by that I know. Maybe somebody in the audience says one lot of money on a cruise ship. I mean there's always got to be one and make it look good. Anybody ever went 27 million like the lady in Vegas did in a palestays to couple of weeks ago? No. I know I'm a cruise ship. I doubt it. But nevertheless, I mean, you know, past them laws get some teeth into what do some regulating. It just like the thing with not inspecting automobiles. That's why you got all those little brown coops out there, all those beat up old brown carolos. Because we have no inspection. I've been talking about this for years. And it's a, that's why you got all these people with no insurance, especially in aid county. God forbid that somebody should hit you because the answer, forget about whether you might get killed or not. In fact, maybe you're better off getting killed because if you survive and then try to collect it, well, we got no insurance. What was the percent there were? I was demanding couple years ago like 60, 70% of the people in aid county are driving with no insurance. At least half. Yeah, at least half. Like I said, 60, 70% and a banana boat people hardly any of them have any insurance? No, probably not. How can they afford insurance when the best thing they can do is afford a little beat up old brown carola with bald tires, no breaks, no headlights, no tail lights. You know, it's a great thing when you drive in in shock or at night. And you see somebody driving with no lights on. And you assume, you know, it's like early in the evening. It's just getting gotten dark and you assume that it's an oversight on their part. They just forgot to turn off and you flash your, you blink your lights at them and hopes that maybe the asshole might turn their lights on. And then you realize as they go by, there's no tail lights. There's, there's stopping. There's no break lights. There's no, there's no lights. They just don't have any lights. Huh? So it's not that they're doing it because they want to, you know, break the law. They just don't happen. Have any lights. How can you turn your lights on when you don't have any goddamn lights? Can you do it? Oh, of course not. So what's that? You knock it those badfews for. You're driving accordingly a floor to philosophy and that is we cannot regulate anything. When it comes to like drug testing, if the race tracks, when it comes to all kinds of good stuff, can we get the job done? No, we're like protecting the public. Oh, so there you go. So what the, uh, put it on this media circus and show for everybody to try to show us what great, uh, you know, Bob, but see that, that's to the, people like Bob, but it was we got too many of them in this state. Goody two issues. He's going to protect us. Those people that want to be protected. The people on the cruise ships. They'd like to be protected from sinking, you know, and drowning stuff like that or trying to erase hurricanes out of the Caribbean. I'm sure they probably want to be protected from that or maybe if a fire breaks out on board, they might like to be protected from that. But other than that, I mean, you have to be a moron, not to know that you're getting ripped up. If you want to gamble in a place where there's very little handle going on, what's the chance you're going to win anything? It just comes in sense that the odds are stacked heavily against you and they still don't care. They still want to go out there and have their good time. And I guarantee that anybody was on those ships couple of nights ago. They're probably pissed off. They're fired up and pissed off right now because somebody took away their good time. Even if they were getting ripped off, they'd rather get ripped off and lose and still have a good time than have Bob bought a worth in Ken Jenny come out there and put on a big show. So nice going for a grim good article. Oh, in the hell this morning like I said, I learned something. Just like when I come in here, if you die, I learn a lot. 9 minutes after 10 is 5 60 WQA and next sports radio 5 60 QAL. 10 minutes, I'm a f***ing old. 5 Objection. Both my key time stretchers. Really found her way. Didn't say get on top of that street. The pee-me-guide up long thin. I could use another newspaper too. I think here's you all. Here on the grapple. Grab, grab, grab, grab. But kind of you flatter. I have a big set of freshers. O'er bring from all of the classes. Go to your adulting brother and you think, Too much bothers, that's pretty good for me. Now every time I stand up, I'm delighted that I should sit back down. I think you're alone. Here on the grapple. Grab, grab, grab. But kind of you flatter. I'm so proud of you. See, I guess, because we have two bathrooms in my house, so I have the exclusive use of my toilet. So that even when I have screaming diarrhea, that I don't have to worry about splattering like on the underside of the seat. But seriously, people that have like several people sharing a toilet in the same house, right, like George, must be very embarrassing. And humiliating, maybe they even like scrub the bottom of the, Oh, Jean, I don't clean toilet, I'm sorry. Well, no, if everybody gets screaming diarrhea every now and then, and it splatters in like it, you know, oh, Jean, look at the bottom of that suit when you lift the lid up, and they sit the lid, yeah. But at any rate, moving away from that is rapidly as we possibly can. I don't want to start picking on you postful carriers again, especially during this holiday time of the season, but, you know, many of you suck. I mean, the Postful Service just gets worse than worse, and there's not a damping we can do about it, because we certainly, there's, we know competition, at least not for like ordinary pedestrian letters. And I'm looking at, for example, I was bitching in the last couple days that I haven't got to check from whammy from last week, much less this week. It's probably not them. I got one letter from, I see, was from Luke Backro Chubby, where I bought my 99 Corvette. And they sent me out a letter with the new registration and the tag and everything on November the 11th. Guess what it showed up two days ago. And it had Schmutz on it, you know, like it was dirty, and it was like a little moist, like it even dropped on the floor and messed around with and whatever. Maybe they're stuck in the, maybe they're used to clean the bottom of a toilet seat. I have no idea what the letter here is, didn't with that one. And now, so since that episode, I'm staring to look at the dates, I'm not talking about mail that's forwarded. I still get some of that to my box, but most of it is like, got the right address on it. I had one that I got yesterday that took like eight days from in state, eight days from the day that it was postmarked to the day that showed up in my box. And this is only the third of December. What's going to happen is we get closer to Christmas. That's always the excuse. Well, it's the holidays now, you know, that volume of mail. I mean, what are they doing over there? What in God's name are you blooder carriers doing with our God, their mail? Huh? I don't know. We have, they all listen every God damn out of them, listen to this show. And I'm sure that's some of you. I'll tell you the one great mail guy Rick, my old mailman, here in my neighborhood, every day I drive home 240 like clockwork. I pass him, he waves it me up. You could, you could, you could, you could, you could, you could, you're a life on it. Not at 530 in the afternoon, not at 6 o'clock, not at midnight, not at 4 o'clock at a morning. 230 in the afternoon, he's in the, unfortunately, doesn't deliver on my street anymore. But nevertheless, you know, there he is. So the people that are lucky enough to live on a blocks for this job, Rick delivers, they get their mail like at a reasonable time every day, like when, uh, it's still light outside. Nice going Rick. Okay, in my book. But these other gore them out there, they just can't get the job done. I don't want to start here belly again, okay, that would be bad. It would be a first on this show. All the way, I do want to say one other thing, speaking of belly aching, and then we'll get to the important stuff. The, uh, fly on a plane. And you're sitting like in, well, behind somebody else unless you're sitting in the bulkhead, you're sitting behind somebody else. The reclining seats on your craft. There are some assholes who are not, they're not considered concerned about the fact that there might be somebody sitting behind them, like they're probably are, like if they're sitting in road two and first class and you're sitting in road three, or whatever road that happens to be. And you just finally get up, you're not, they haven't even turned off the seatbelts sign yet, because for whatever reason in America, they leave the seatbelts sign on very long. You would think that most people, ordinary people would wait the least till they turn the seatbelts sign before they recline all the way back in your lap. So you have no about you, but when I'm out of trip for like three, four hours, whatever it might be, I don't want some assholes in front of me in my lap. View? And then of course, the, and I'm talking about not just reclining a couple of notches back, I'm talking about they, like we're coming back from Vegas for the, a Dallas two or four, a lot of day lag on Sunday. And these assholes in first class sitting in front of us were in road two, they're in road one, and we just barely get up at here and plank here, they come back like practically as far as those things will push. And there are oblivious, they don't care if you're, they're in your lap or not. And then of course the best part of that deal is when comes time for a meal. And you reach out to the arm, I mean, in a plane, you've got one of two things. If you've either got the little tray on the back of the seat in front of you, which lowers down, or you've got in most cases on bigger planes, you've got you reach in the arm and you swing that thing up. Well, guess what, if the seat in front of you is pushed all the way back in your push, it's one hell of a time and even swing that thing out in the tray too. You're having a hell of a time pulling it out and the tray too, that's right. And you try to like somehow squeeze it in there, and especially when you got a big fat public like I do, and you have to sit back as far and see this possible, and then like kind of shut. Don't you just want to take your knee and jam it into that seat and watch them just pop forward and hit their head on a ball cave, you know, hoping that they're seed building buckle and that they just go flying into the ball cave. Hey, I don't do it again asshole. That kind of thing. Have you ever had that? Why do people do that? Why can't they be a look? I never do that. Not that I'm so much better than anybody else. Maybe it's just that I travel a lot and I try to have a little bit of consideration. There's nothing more frustrating because most planes, you know, the whole thing is how many assholes can we squeeze? On here and how much money can we get out of it? That's where the airlines operate. Not how much leg room can we give you. I mean, if you're going to spend six grand to fly to Europe for a, I'm British air or something. Yeah, they give you a ton of leg room. The asshole in front of you can push your seat back as far as he wants. You don't have to worry about it because you can't get anywhere near you. They give you ample room. You don't have to worry. Anybody ever fly in America? Worst like talking about going to Vegas? I mean, there isn't an extra tenth of an inch of space between you and a jackass in front of you when they put their seat back. I mean, they are right in your lap, and in most cases, you don't want those people in your lap. There might be a couple of people on the plane. I want my lap, but they're never the one sitting in front of me that cut their seat back all the way in front of my face. Why do they do that? Why are people so goddamn in considered? I'll tell you the reason why. Just go out and drive here in South Florida, wherever you are, getting your car and go about two blocks. And you'll discover that most people believe that they're the only people on the face of the earth, whether it's driving, whether it's on a plane, whether it's in line at the supermarket, whether it's anywhere. Most people, I don't care where they're from. In fact, to be honest with you, they're talking about Europeans when it comes to boarding planes. They are probably the rootest people ever seen anywhere. As soon as they see a little activity, when it gets close to boarding time, as soon as they see a little bit of activity at the gate, at the counter there by the gate, they start pushing. And they start lining up and they start chava. And even if they're only boarding first class, and they're sitting in row 88 way to hell in the back in cargo, makes no difference. They're up there pushing and chava. So all you idiots out there that are sitting like on your ass on the, don't shove the goddamn seat all the way back. What the hell is the point? What is this story? Do you want to guide them, recliner? How about bringing a cut on a goddamn plane? Sticking into the island, just taking a nap. As opposed to shoving your seat in my face. Okay, if you're much better getting out of my system. So the Panther game last night in its entirety, which we lost to the one, but nevertheless, I watched these games. And then I hear people talking about them, and I read the articles that appear in the newspapers the next day, and read the quotes from the so-called coaches. And I don't know what they're talking about. I thought last night was a reasonably entertaining game. And no, it wasn't a bloodbath like the game here on Saturday against Buffalo, but nevertheless, I thought that we're not for the fact that Hyshig made several great saves, including a couple of Ray Whitley. The Panther is going to one-neck game. I don't see anything wrong with their performance last night. It was the one the greatest of all time. No, but it was that they played well enough to win. And quite frankly, losing only two to one in Buffalo against the guy that gives up very few goals. What the hell is wrong with that? But I'll tell you what is wrong. Here are the stories in the paper this morning. Panthers cannot afford Pavell Brey. See, this is an udial. Oh, we can't afford fill in the blanks. If you've been palty, Pavell Brey, anybody that wants a lot of money, we can't afford them. Oh, it's big enough a lot of money. That asshole that called me about baseball, shall I? Registrated at check-outs that's been 36 grand for a car so we can get a radio to listen to my show. There's trying to guys Todd Staddlemire. He got $8 million. Robin Ventura, $8 million a year. These are not superstars. Robin Ventura ain't those superstars. He's a good player. He's a good-style and player. If he a superstar, $8 million a year. The baseball people, a playgun your house. I hope the baseball people go out of business, man. I hope all you owners, I hope you'll lose your ass. I hope that the public finally says, Pee, okay? If I've made the basketball thing, I'll be great for that because people suddenly realize they can survive without all those big shfarts who's jamming a ball, I'll slam a jama in the bucket. Maybe now they realize they can get along without baseball too. Somehow we could survive. Even any capital, I bet you somehow if we get among those cruise ships, if you know, gambling is got that, we could probably survive without baseball. Even normal Kent might be able to survive, but I doubt it without baseball. But what I'd deal here is a general manager, BM, we can't afford to have the money for where we were not interested. Because we don't have the money in our, we don't campaign that shallower. We don't have no $8 million a year. We don't want to give up all those great players. They want like, Robby and Eddie and any of our younger guys. We don't want to do that and have a real legitimate superstar on this team. And really excite the fans when they come out to see a performance. We like those comma games like that. One thing Boston lost a lot better. So once again, it's the same old wing business again. They just don't want to listen to for a spring. They don't want to spend the money to put a quality product out there for you. And all the excuses and all the stories it just goes on and on. But I still say I had, again, I didn't think that was a terrible performance last night and with a little bit of luck and without hashix great save. They would have won that game last night. So what tells everybody about it? You just, you can't get an honest, honest, an ayluses of any of this stuff and an realization because they don't understand what they're looking at. I guess that must be the deal. These guys that are writing about this stuff. They haven't got any idea what they're watching. 1026 to 550 WQ and if I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. So I was in bed naked with my wife, plan cowboy. You know, when I get on top and make believe she's a horse and I was spanking her and yelling and stuff and well I got this electrical writing lawn morn the garage, you know, and it's plugged into the clapper and all of a sudden I go, get ya up or zee. And the clapper turns on and the lawn morn crashes through the garage. And the living room and rub over the dog in the cat. And I kept on spanking my wife to try to turn it off, but it kept on going. Good thing I thought the clapper was my pretty bank visa card because I called up the pretty bank guy. He runs over, hits my wife really hard. The clapper turns off and then he cleans the dog and the cat off the carpet and the walls. Put the bandage on the bruises on my wife's butt. By the mean a new cat in the dog and a new clapper man, it was cool. Not just visa, pretty bank visa. I'll silver away. Son of a beast. That's 31 at 5.50 WQAM. So this morning I come in and George had found, where did you find these on a floor somewhere? Maybe the same place that most of my meal was sitting. You should have seen that one letter I got, the one from the back row. That thing had been stepped on, peed on. I mean, got all those what they had done. But it finally did show up in my box. I was going guys over there to post the lower office. Where did you find these arbitron books? In that room over there on the floor, on the floor, on the floor in a pile of crap. I'll tell you something, sometimes you find the most interesting stuff on the floor in a pile of crap. And it just so happens that we had two arbitron books from the few years ago on the floor in a pile of crap. And here they are. Well, I have a bunch of these at home, but generally speaking I throw a model at the time. Some were of 1991 and fall of 1993. And so I thought I would look and prove back in here to see how we're doing. I'm going to show now a relative compared to back in those I would these days in the fall of 1993 and a summer of 1991. Was that a movie with Geri Grimes, the summer of 1991? Something like that. How are you doing by the way? Anybody seen him lately? No. Since he tied that cowbell, he has never been the same again. So in any way, I look back in here. And here in the amazing part, much to my astonishment and amazement, which I was very pleased about, is that when it comes to living and breathing demographics, like, you know, men 25, 54, person 25, 54, 18s or 34 even. We're doing better now than we were back then. How do you like that? Oh, it's gone. There you go. That's a miracle, especially on this station. But nevertheless, one of the things I did notice by the way is that overwall though, the station between like Reniri and me and Rick and Suds back in those days, IOD was really kicking as. So it's very easy to sit back and knock a queer channel or knock packs in or anybody else and say, they were the ones that really destroyed WID, but I hate to break for those of you, especially since I know my good friends Bob and Chiro, listening right now as I speak. And I wish them the happy holidays, et cetera, happy Chiluka. But the fact is that a little Bobby Neal up there in those glimpses up in Atlanta, they're the ones that destroyed WID. Oh, they really did. Because we had a pretty damn good tingle in there. And if they would just to put their nose to the grinds, they only got the sales department to really get with it instead of pulling all those devious deals behind the scenes with a program director. You know, I'm talking about George, you know, I'm a guy thinking does. But anyway, if they would have paid more attention to business and really started getting with it sooner, I think we might have still, you know, held on and kept things intact. But nevertheless, so I'm looking at other things though, and I'm looking like at the 12 plus numbers, which includes the entire universe, including people over the age of 100. And I'm seeing how much higher. I mean, dramatically higher, the numbers were we, there were a couple of books I had like a seven share between 10 and three. It 12 plus a seven share in 12 plus do you have any idea what kind of a number that is. So I'm now I'm starting to look into the arbitron books and kind of break down by demographics and see where it is that we've lost. Because obviously if we're doing better in younger demos, we must ahead a lot more. Oh, that's right. And I'm talking to that. I've made up my mind since sitting here and producing all of this stuff for about 20 minutes this morning. We want to make an overture because can you imagine if we could get back to like a seven share in 12 plus? Can you imagine? I mean, granted in the intervening years, there's been more and more of an ethno-sizing of the radio audience in a town. As thousands and millions and billions more of banana board people come into this town who don't listen to those picketing blades and don't let you have no chance of getting them. But nevertheless, the fact is our old people, I mean, most of the most that we don't have too many real old parts floating up on sure. Do we? No, we don't have a whole bunch of old people up there with walkers and more and other stuff. So we have to extend the olive branch. We need to get out. What are you smurking about? We need to find out what happened to all our old listeners and by old, I mean, older than I am. That's right. Because now that I'm getting reload and I'm getting real close to being a senior citizen in just a few years, if you're over 56, then you're old by my count. You're an old fart. And those are the people we need to find out what we need to hear from them today. Desk, you were right earlier when you said, they died. You think our audience all died? Is that what I might have been? Our old people. How about my good old K, I'm here and see you one thing. I'm going to say it again. The second week I'm on here in this town in 1976, March of 76 on WKAT on the cat. Or his Bob Allen used to say, were they Jewish station? We don't want to be the Jewish station, but anyway. I'm never forget those days. Bob Allen from, we're the graduate of Notre Dame, we used to stand in the sales office there playing basketball, the little toy basket. It was great. I was going Bob. With that Jewish station, we don't want to be the Jewish station. Well, anyway, who the hell do we have? But a bunch of old Jews over there on KAT. Was anybody else listening? Oh, don't we head? So anyway, the second week I'm on here and I've told you this a million times, but it just does me so good. It makes me feel great to think back to this. And some old disgusting, decrepit miserable fossil calls me and says, Yeah, never going to make it in this town. You'll never last at the end of the year. You'll be gone. And that interesting. We hear a lot of the same stuff now. Oh, yeah, after the end of the year, you'll be gone. Like that old lady from the Christian coalition, who I'm sure is monitoring right now that miserable bitch was probably looking for wounds that they gave rights thing passed in day county two days ago. And over the November fifth election and over the fact that the Republicans keep to have on and on. And they still can't find nothing. Just searching in the boom closets under the bed. Everywhere for something in the deal, Bob will with and they still can't do it. But then you wait. So this guy's telling me, the second week that I'm on here, those real nice old miserable bastards. That just took some sadistic pleasure in calling it and just ripping you in as for no particular reason at all. You don't ever make it in there. They have a gone by this. And he just got must have been at least 110. Now that was 23 years ago. It's 22, yeah, 22 and a half years ago. And you know something I would guarantee if the tech guy right now is dead. Oh, right. Let's hear it. What is dead? He's the maggots. Don't even look at that carcass anymore. That's how eaten and worn and disgusting and rotted that thing is. That's right. Even the maggots and the maggots will go anywhere near that thing. He's dead. He's pushing up there and guess what? I'm still here on a year. How do you like that? You disgusting old dead fart? I hope that you can hear me in that box. I hope that you're in there when you can hear my voice. Maybe they stuck a transistor radio inside there. When they stuck his ass in a ground and just kept it blaring. And it automatically tunes whatever time I'm on whatever station I'm on. It's set to automatically be on with what's his name. That's right. Just so that I can hop this guy forever and forever for eternity. That's hell. This guy has gone to radio hell and let's hear it. He said, you know, I've never let I still get into the air. Right. 23 years ago in here I am. I'm still here and I'm still going. And I got the living and breathing people out there. Everybody in this town with an IQ larger than the goddamn thumbnail. And then he with an IQ smaller than whatever. Our listening. Every God damn one of them. But we need to reach out to the out of branch to the old people. Come on. Let's hear it today. Come on. All you old farts who pretend who lie. You don't want to go to hell because you lied a lot. You want to go to heaven and say it's shit there for eternity. Telling God that he's great. Oh God. You're good. That whole business. All that bull crap. That's what you want to do. It's more pleasant up there. So the only way to do that is for you to come out of the closet today. Grab that phone and call us and admit that you're listening to the show. And that you love that right. All the old farts. Those are the people we want to hear from. The ones who are still alive are just barely hanging on. Maybe you're last guest. Your last breath you could call a show and say. Oh. And we'll be courted for posterity. We'll even put it on the best of things for when you're just in here. I was wrong with that. Come on. Let's hear. I want all these lines filled up here with old people today. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 50 on a mobile one line. If you're old, if you're older than Mothusla, if you've been listening to the show for 100 years. Now as your obligation, okay. That we're calling on you to get your ass on a phone and come out of the closet. We know you're there. I know you're there. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 5 60 on a mobile one line. We need to go stop the other end of our demographic. Young people. We got them up the ass. Okay. If I can say that we got a Zidian living and breathing people. Thank God. But we got to make a men's with the old people. No matter how much I may have disparaged them and said they're bunch of disgusting selfish. I'm not just noisy, loud as he farts. And spite of that. Look at that. Where are they? Where are they? Do you see any of them on the phone? No. I don't see them. That mobile and bokeh. That's probably a crank. But I don't see any like all these old people come on. That's the problem. We need to get them back. Maybe if we did a few shows on social security. Maybe if we had some nutrition is done. Some doctors on a year. If we talked about the notch, well, I'm telling you it's harder than a year. Which is asking you. I'll tell you that right now. It is just boiling. How do the switch is going? Right. Oh man. You could fry eggs on this counter. During the break, I'll go crank it way down. Twenty-four, eleven at five, sixty, twenty-two, and you're all fired station. We might get the old demographics back. How are those? Do it. Pizza law. They like you if you're young. You're old in between. And care Jeff Colon will take your money. No matter how much you're ready. And if they get you in there and gum the food. If you like you'll still enjoy it. That's right. He doesn't care because he'll still give you great delicious and tight included affordable prices. Big, gigantic person. Three different kinds of pizza including that extra spicy. Fugazza pizza. And they got combination dinners with your favorite sauces. You pick out not only what you want to eat, but their sauces that they leave a lot of them too. Chicken, vealig plant, stuffed shells, bosonium, and acotic combinations. They got calzone, super-subs, chicken, cachitori, strombolies, traditional pasta favorites like Tordilemi, like the Tordilemi with cheese sauce, unbelievable. VV spaghetti with meatballs or sausage. The menu is so big. You'll have a tough time deciding. And the portions will be so big. You'll have a tough time finishing at very reasonable prices all the time. They have a sparse lunch specials. If you can't make it over to the loft, just phone or fact you're order in. They'll have it ready in no time. Just call 9-5-4-9-16-8880. The great world famous pizza loft in the brand new location in the pizza loft Plaza. Where's that? I'm glad you asked. The 35-14-5 University drive between Griffin and 5-95. Right next door to Nova, right behind Pierwin imports. Tons and tons of people are partnering for you too. Pizza loft, not the fastest, not the cheapest. Just the best in the universe. You're a fast. New kids on the block have been sweeping the country. And now coming with hell of their advances in New Kids on the block. It's Jeroton music with a message. What's in the condo? I saw you on my white chest. I'm not. I think I've had them see them soon. Oh, that's not. I'm the Griffin recording artist, all parts in the condo with a new smash album. Friends and animals. Oh, I'm a kid. Oh, I'm a child. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Can there some of them turn around? I'm into the restaurant the other day. But we found out that the cost of work to buy a piece. So we found the grocery. We worked across the road and I thought it was life and it's grossed like a closed old person in the condo. That's the store. I'm not the album before they expand. Oh, yeah, one thing for his wife. No MSC online, right? They raise the price on highly grips. So I'm sorry. I can't believe a kid. First there were new kids in the block. Now old parts in the condo. I saw you on my white chest. Last, last, last, last. Old parts in the condo. By the album, friends and enemies. And get your tickets for the first live. And any rickety bastard. Take it out with another. Crop and door presentation. At 46 at 560 WQM, yeah, we got to get a whole new generation of old people down. Here's so that we can expand it in the graphic. If we're going to compete with all those ethnic stations. By the way, I do have another piece of very distressing news for this morning. Go to my public's last night after by the sawgrass. Tyson season beast hits, which I'm just jumping on buying for these. Perfect for the act. Almost no carbs and deal elishes. I mean fantastic. Does my public's carry these? No. I look at the Tyson section. The frozen. They got Tyson chicken strips. Are they nearly as good as that? Discovered? No. They're not because that's all I had. I took one box of those on. It okay. Are they in the same league? First of all, they got a lot more carbs. They got three perseverance instead of one. They're ready. No, they're not. No, these are just, no. Just chicken is a good one. No, running. No, no. But all I found was chicken. Redded chicken, chicken strips, chicken, whatever regos would chicken the dropings. Yeah. But did I find any season beef strips there? My public's gone. Got to my pissed off about that. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. At a gas station. At the car to work. They have their car to open, right? Okay. Put them back on hold. They've only waited 22 minutes. Here's a dear field beach. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Two things I've got a little story. First off, I know you like Casey and the Sunshine Band. There are on beach one tonight as far as an interview. I wouldn't watch that now. He's going to tell everybody how much drugs he did. Yeah, well, he's 80 years old. Nobody knows that now. He's all the far. He's old and yesterday it news. Yeah, I mean, in fact, I'm surprised he hasn't called it. I'm asking for old parts. Why has Mary Casey called it yet? That's right. He was telling everybody he has such a heavy drug habit. And he's just totally coming clean tonight on the VH1. Oh, I don't want to see that. All right. Listen to this. I have a great story. I work at a catering outfit. Yeah. And they had a Jewish singles party. Oh, you never saw a bigger, bigger bunch of losers in your whole life. It was hilarious. Yeah. And they're all coming around the buffet. And I noticed they're standing over one of the buffet trays. You know, the food. And they keep sampling it and they keep coming back. And they're all talking around. So I go up there and look at it. And it was like a, like a sour crowd type cabbage dish. And they're like, boy, we never tasted anything like this. I don't know what's in it. And everything I go back. And the chef is German. And he had put in all this minced ham. Also, there's no effort. You saw her crowd. Yeah. So we've put in all this minced ham and bacon. And they're not used to eating that. So they just couldn't get over the flavor of it. So it was beautiful. So they're all eating ham over there. Okay. Whatever you say, pal. Okay. Okay. We're the old people for Christ's aches. So we got one there on the board that the George says, Where the were all you old parts. Don't tell me you're not there. You'll tell you right now you're going to burn in a tele. A turntable. It'll be hot on hell down there man. Nobody to crack up the air conditioning. Like we just did here. If you don't come clean, baby, five, six, seven, five, 60, 55, 60 on a mobile one line. We want to talk to a lot of old people today. A lot of veteran listeners of this show. We know you're out there. All you ask holes in hell and Dale and some rise in surf side in tamaract. We know you're there. Step forward down. Stop playing his cat and mouse game with us. Okay. Here's an old, uh, fart lady in highly. Hello. Good morning. Yes. Yes, I. And an old fart. And I was one of your first listeners on WKAT. Are you serious? I was born on the six. That's no member. Right. They're going to yell. Also in Rochester. Oh, oh, oh my, I have forced them. Oh, born and brought just now. Where do you've been born and strong in the moral hospital? No. Oh. Genesee. Oh, that's close enough. Yep. I wasn't strong in the moral one. Uh-huh. Me too. I'm. I'm. I joined your organization. GA SD during member. Right. Gaze and Straits together. Right. That was interesting. It was a very short. Right. It was too short. That was the problem. They took a look at it. They said it's too short. We don't want to join. I don't know. One had the Craig. Where is he? Craig is out on the beach. He's not working right now because they screwed them over badly at the WNZ or FKL. Whatever was. And he's out of work. Oh, yeah. But I always liked Craig. Right. And I know he was a. A fundeeers. He's a great guy. But he's another victim of soft Florida radio at the moment. I am an old fire. I'm a veteran of war war two. I belong to local veterans. Which is a women veterans organization. Right. I've been there once. But they need to part water tail. And I'm down here. Looks all of the humans. Oh, yeah. What do you want to go for? I said that. I'm here. So 58. You can. I'll. I don't listen to. I've. I've been. There's a. I've been. I have three sons that normally live with me. Right. One's working in North Carolina and construction right now. And you'll be home. Okay. We're all. More you. Right. We're not all dead. Okay. God bless you. We don't have a great day. Bye. Happy holidays. It's. We have an open line. And day one in Browse. He. We're going to make some progress here. We're going to get to one. Some of the other ones will gradually come out of the closet. You'll see. You'll see. We'll get some people over the death here today. We may have some people calling from the other side. They're going to be so old. So maybe that guy will call. I was talking about. You don't have our make it to the end of the year. Oh, God. I'm telling you. I get sexual excitement. No one that that guy is dead. I get goosebumps. Just knowing that that man and probably has been dead for a very long time. Two by the way. We know where he is. Here's the mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. I enjoyed your story about the airplanes because I was out of town on business yesterday. Just flew in and out. And when I came home yesterday after having somebody laying in my lap, I got in my card. Listen to Panthers game. I can say I haven't listened to many Panthers games. Well, you're on the radio and I now know why. I think the sports writers probably listen to the game on radio versus watching it. Because you can't have a clue what's going on. No. I just can't get this guy. All he does is mumble. He mumbles and bumbles. He tells you nothing. I mean, you would never know in a million years. If you never saw a hockey game and you listen on a radio on this station, you never know there was anything exciting or interesting going on because all he does is mumble. He just he just he's just he's here. He's fixing the background. Right. He checks. He's going to be blind. And then all of a sudden he says, the melon be lines going off. Why you the melon be lines going on because he mentions they and tell me who's coming on. He gets a crap about who's going to go sit on the bench. Yeah. They are just the. The app. They make the team. They make the team. You guys look like they know what the other. Well, rumor likes it a lot. How many does. Okay. Now. Have a great life. Okay. Well, down to one column out on a board. That's good. We had them all load up there for a second. And then they all vanished away. Right away. Well, maybe some of them expired. That's. See when you start looking for old people. That's the problem. You keep them now. Hold too long. Oh, oh, two late. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. Yes, sir. Have you ever flown air funds? No, I have not flown air funds. Okay. I took flight to France by your front. From here from my international airport. Yes, sir. And I have a quick story. Have you had the time? I've got a lot of time. I got, you know, you and one of the call. I said, they're not going to talk again. They're going to be like yesterday again. Yeah. Another biggest one today. Nobody's smell it. Well, as you know, if the flight to France was pretty long flight. About a year and a half hours. I'm sorry. But it didn't have kind of. We took nine actually. Yeah. We took nine nine hours to get there. We had a nice meal. They do serve a very good meal. Very beautiful sure. Very beautiful. Yeah. For four hours after the flight. I decided to get up and use the restroom. And one of the flight stories. When in with me. No, no. Actually, I would do. I'm sorry. What do you mean she went in with you? She went in with me into the restroom. We were kind of eyeing each other for. Oh, yeah. Here we go. I want to be okay. Thanks for the great story. Okay. I had a feeling what was one of those would be a story. Okay. Data lines are wide open. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. All are people in this audience who fly. They also hallucinate a lot. They must be drop an acid on the plane. Because they'll find these hallucinations like that guy that called a couple years ago. Remember we told him that about how he got a. Bob on a plane from some guy. And uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that was during the phone call. I just found a plane. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of experience. I guess this guy. You know, I had a feeling the minute I heard this. Uh, idiot. 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here is the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Chris Morris says, oh, you got to put the puck at the score some goals. That's pretty profound. You got to get some offense to win the game. You got to stick it in there, right? You got to always great things. He blows. But we knew that. More on. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Thank you. There's a profound observation for you. That Chris Moore blows is if we didn't already know that the worst in the world. I don't want to talk about Chris Moore. It's uh, what it's just pointless. The man is not going to get any better. He's in abortion. He's uh, hopeless. He's not going to get any better. Incapable to get in the job. Then I say, let's get guilty on there. I'm serious. Let's get him on there. What, Chris Dean, a more do the pregame show or something or whatever he suited or sit down comedy. But certainly not to play by play of the world's most exciting sport and sit there in Mumble and Mumble and the boo boo boo. Like that six hundred goal from Mark Messier that famous call. Just look at it. Yeah. All right. Great. Nice call. Chris. Rimmers just praying to keep Chris Moore on forever because it makes Rimmers sound like Joe and Barry's in. Nice going, Rims job. That Grimmer last night. He really pushed up or he was ripping a crap out of Sean Burke and some other. Nice going, Rimmer ripping a hell out of him for bollin' at Leedon New York the night before. I think I booked Rimmer up a little bit. We were stuck in a lot for another meal pretty soon. 10.56 and 5.60 WQL. Cheers to Gaggy. Stock. So, Terry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll be a little good on talking to a wise guy fella. Set him with the dead with who goes at Bella Bixie Bella. Cause that I wish your mother and your youngest sister Stella. Hey, Bapangula. Traveled down my highway in my eye, I record my amani. Well, I saw a school cop after a walk, we were all being money. So, I blew the signs with my sister, wasn't Gany. Hey, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. That's how to know. So, there's the only family for me. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. Like a poor doctor, we only enjoy our day. You will find them business very busy. Down in Vegas in the first three of City. And the Josie is not hard to find us. And fact, they don't really see the mind of us. Remember Jimmy Hopper, all the money that he spent. And the bathroom never paid us back. We didn't see his end. Now he's working with the mental health. Holding up some man. Hey, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula. Hey, Bapangula. What? Well, three or five, six, and half will be at the shoelace today by the way from 2 to 5. Then 5 to 6. It's the Jimmy Johnson cheer with Hank. And then six o'clock, we got the Booster 8 o'clock tonight. We got a real, real crappy Thursday night football game. It's the Eagles in San Luis's that who it is, the Randall. Oh, God. Whoo. You can smell it. Oh, speaking of even smell it from here, speaking of airplanes stories. So on that very same flight by the way, coming from the Dallas De Fort Lottodale, on the way back from Vegas. So, horse in their mind of your own business. And then, you can see the turns of the way back from on the flight. And all of a sudden, well, the first there's a kid about that, that's a 10 year old kid. He goes and uses the a turtle up there. And by the way, he was not sitting in first class. There's one of the few things that really just drives me nuts on a plane. Not too many, but that's one is when somebody who's one of the pons from coach goes up there and uses the first class to alert. Now, on a good airline, the story this will say, I don't care if you do it on a cartback there in coach, but you're not going to use our turtle up here in first class. This kid ever had to go real bad. Goes up there and he uses the turtle up. Now he goes out and he goes back to where he's sitting. Okay? All of a sudden, a little while later, like about 30 seconds later, you start smelling this grotesque aroma in the ear. And I look at John, he looks at me, and I'm looking around and thinking, I'm assuming this asshole in front of me, who's got to see back in my face by the way, is having a little gastric distress, since we already ate that crappy Delta food. I'm assuming that just maybe you can have a little bit of a problem. But now, as time is going by, the aroma is getting just, I mean, unbelievable. You think that somebody dropped a load in the aisle. And John says, guess what? The kid didn't shut the door, because he can see he's sitting on the aisle. The kid didn't shut the door, and also must not know what that little handle was there, called a flush thing on a toilet, which is a little bit different from the one in home from the foreslun bus. But, you mean, it's not for the first time. I mean, it was just so John gets up and goes and closes the door. And all of a sudden, the aroma went away. What a concept, huh? I can't imagine who the next person was. I musta had to go in there and use the facility, but oh my God, take your little kids that are going to do a number on a plane that there's like a little handle on there. They may have to look around depending on the plane, but they're in the place on there. And you press it and push it just sucks everything out of there like magic. And it really does. Those things are powerful, man. In fact, don't let your little kids in. I'll tell you, I think I may take tiny on the next flight. Can you imagine him falling into a ball? Yeah, that's an idea. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is, I'm driving to Hollywood right now. I told I'd live in Miami. This is a circumcised studio. First time called it very long time, let's hear. Yes. I even know the way in cashmen is. Yeah. That's another story. Don't want to go back into that. Yeah, no. I still don't know how Brian Cashman isn't that a one and a no. No, never go away. About a pretty wish to show you. You mentioned the possibility of micro-nary coming to your station. Yeah. He's going to be doing mornings. I think starting the first of the year, like I'm January 2nd right after the holidays are over. Oh, cool. Yeah. Okay. Because I was just wondering, and he had this appear after that. Well, those were the good days. I won't say what I'm sure you remember those days when we had Reneiria in the morning, and I was doing the days, Rick and Sus in the afternoon, and we had to look at that. That was pretty good. Follow for the door. I'm off-game. Right. I should never say, oh, together. But I don't think that though Reneiria in the morning, the end of the day, Hank, and he afternoon, there'll be like a reunion, you know, like whole times. Yep. That was it. I just was wondering where the heck Reneiria was. January 2. Okay. Okay. Have a great day, pal. We have an open line of day one and grow. We have an open line of day four to five six seven. Five six. Five six to five six to the. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Will. Yes sir. How are you doing, buddy? You know, Hank does this show out at the shoalers in the sporting birds. I think Reneiria's going to be doing this show from Sloimy's most days of the week. Yes sir. Well, if you question, can you say what, does he say that in Vegas? Do I want? Did you say what would come? What was the M.I.I. was at the M.I. You didn't try to unplug you know? I went in there and I looked around. you don't have to stay in a casso you can't stay in more than one casino at a time I don't think I'm going to check the velocity out of the committee was bitterly disappointing I mean it was new and the lake in front is a pretty impressive if you like watching water push up in the air and listening to music but it's generic I had just for all the fuss they made about the ballad you I thought it was going to be just unbelievable you know and it's it's nothing special it's just another big casino okay I have I have to have something and I think they want to use sponsors but I got to tell you I went to uh I'm going to if you're going to knock one of my sponsors it's going to be a real shortened call you know I'm saying well yeah like I said yeah okay we have an open line in date five six seven oh five six the you know I see you don't have to because if you want to call us off the air right me a letter you had a problem with a sponsor I always do look into that but as far as on the air the answer is no of course not five six seven oh five fifty five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile important waterdale hello Neil how you doing okay listen for the last uh three years or so all we heard was once we get a new arena you don't have a lot of money to spend yeah it's going to go out and get all these free eight no I never said that they never told you I kept here and you left a couple years any time yeah who do you had a jerk who did anybody anybody they said once the two arena's off no no they did not in fact the last time that discussions are faced with anybody for new organization was that very ugly morning when built tory was on when mr. both time was on the morning crew here and the show rose anthem about that and you got all testy oh well we got a mortgage to pay and we got my lady but I'm gonna give him an excuses why they're not going to pay now I will say this in all fairness their payroll is up five million this season from last year because I saw in the hockey you know what does it take if they have a new arena it's a place this fall but you know what it's going to do away when you've got a man who's interested in selling the team he doesn't care what kind of product he puts out there he wants to squeeze as much money out of that arena as possible I mean when somebody else build you a facility build you a facility and let you go in there and take out most of the profits I mean that's what you're going to do unless you really have a commitment to the community and last year with a Marlon jostola kind of commitment he's got to the community none he got he got into this sports thing thinking he was gonna make a fortune he was gonna be a hero and not all of a sudden he discovered it wasn't quite so easy and he discovered that the public turned on him like a rat because he had a crappy attitude and care about the fans and now he's you know like a spoiled child he's a running in wants to was squeeze whatever we can get out of it I mean for an organization to come out in the media and say we're not interested in pop out brewery because we just don't want to give up enough and we don't want to pay the money to sign him I mean that's pathetic so that what if it takes to really get to but he just like do a like new ownership number new owner that's right no don't worry man you don't worry about it okay let's say prayer okay let's say prayer for bouldie now that we got John Henry got the Marlon deal straight now let's find somebody to buy the Panthers today like right now before midnight two open lions in date county five six seven oh five are we here for many old fart you know from that one lady that was it that's all I've got left that's all I have left is one nice little old lady there in the hylia and that's the only old fart I got left no wonder we do great the younger demographic the older demographics we do like that little kid did on a plane it's a big smelly mess is what we got with the older folks and I can't imagine why have always been so nice to them I always talk about the great contribution they've made this out of all right haven't I always done that about how I only wish and pray that I could grow up someday to be like our senior citizen all right I could come my food and squeeze my bag a lot in public public ten on the chapter eleven at five sixty w q and toe hit away from the ball on the while spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoes that's done for rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilard now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my board of a hell you think and the app remember when we used to post a packet carabine and we ought to get a bundle finish maybe white was a ghoulin and away from my order of the hell you think and how is that I have sex seriously the vanity like that and away from my order of the hell you think and the way my order of the hell you think and when I have some fast tries to see a my car I feel safe and with an old Jewish guy named Isaac and receive a free flower antenna get away get away from my order of the hell you think and and who's Jewish guy named Isaac and Lauren now available it all there's stories I want to tell you something you're all about just sending a bit to thy type what you said what are they what are they all type on the phone you're gonna put a lot of things I'm not a huge excuse you're on excuse your language now that's been your language 11 16 at five sixty w to q and what can we do to get the old parts back then we want them back on a show oh yes of course I do oh here's a lady an aventura hello yes man I have a request you should please play the bag play it for me would I please you sound desperate oh no well the way you said it it's just my favorite okay thank you okay see she wants the bag pipe song I gotta play it oh it's I am we have an open line of day one at Broward we heard from one old lady today we want real old we want 90 we want 95 we want 100 do I hear 110 come on let's go you're out there get somebody to dial a phone for you okay five six seven put your dentures back in your post or not as the case maybe we don't care five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless line my go to that's the problem go too fast with those numbers the old people don't know the number on this station plus we don't even have the same numbers the rest of the station five six seven oh five sixty that's oh five six all right and if you're on a mobile you better get off the road if you want those old people we're talking about can you imagine old people with mobile phones oh my god here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello okay sir all right now by my Mary doesn't bring proper Mary she has some date no anybody gotta pick up the class while we haven't done anything yeah he's been very bitterly disappointing he picked her cries off to me he makes all these great moves and he has got all kinds of ability but it's always close but no cigar nothing ever happened he doesn't finish he doesn't finish he he makes a lot of promising moves and he like is big and strong and nothing ever happens I mean I don't think San Jose would have gotten in the entertainment they thought he was great well I got rid of Ray Whitney that's true I mean at the time I thought it was a good deal getting caused love and maybe he'll still hopefully turn into something I'm not knocking Marie for the good deals he made I think cause love was a good deal but you you've got to have at least every team in the league even the crappy teams have got a star player do we have one star on his team oh no you can't you can't make it without that well he doesn't seem to want to ever give up anything to get some right that's you know you're now you hit it on the head this is the Brian Marie philosophy right I want something for nothing and just like the pot band the L. S. L. through Felix Potton the idea that the least would have taken the robbing eat them are I guarantee that they're kissing the ground now especially after having won again last night and having 30 points and leading the whole conference right I'll take their tied with Phoenix for the league lead and yesterday played a lot of games but there's still playing great they got 30 points they would they be killing themselves if they got robbing eat them are the everything Marie said was that they're not that close to winning the family tough well I got new friends they picked up early how far they from seeing like watching and if they had pop out bore in a real gold tender we'd be a real content about how did that right now I agree with you even with our poor defense we'd still be a contender because he only seems I think they're you need to get Dallas and Detroit and then there's everyone home mm-hmm all right you know thanks uh and jersey jersey's playing great board derafer and they got his act together but we don't want to get too hockey intensive doing that happened yesterday in boy oh boy two calls back to back and these people ran out of here like it was a goddamn death bomb scare where we go let's do a only one old fart today I'm extending the olive branch I know they're listening it's not like they're not listening I know we got a lot of people out there who are like lying there and reaching for their walker trying to get to the phone please open line and broard 5605050 and 560 on the AT&T line here's a mobile and palm beach hello hi Neil my name is Mike I want to tell you a little plain story yes Mike I'm flying out of the North and I'm forestly one of the planes and about 20 minutes into the flight I hit its loud banging noise about two minutes at the pilot comes on and it says we had a minor problem with one of the engines and we need to go back to North yeah so I put my head to the wind because I want to see which engine we had the problem with and they turn on the landing gear lights and flash the clouds and burst back into my eyes and I yelled the S in plane is on fire and the whole plane went into a panic the air things came out the oxygen thing yeah finally they strengthened all out the tortoise came over and closed the curtain army and when I got off the plane they wanted to arrest me yeah I wasn't panic because I'm a panic on the plane and then another time we were we're going to the airport we're to print the mine and he's taken the bags through the car so and he tells the guy it's been be careful with my bag you don't want to explode on you they helped him for 72 hours excellent okay I'm on your future flight Mike I'll be sure to avoid him okay there you go realize guy you know it's like you know and then when they asked you is anybody given you anything that wasn't yours or when you packed you say well nothing beside the drugs no you know that's always a good way to get detained like it customs when you come back from Toronto always make some joke about or Amsterdam make some joke about drugs you'll be there for an extra few days we have an open line in grower two and day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two I must be the only one who travels who has people stick their seat back in my face and doesn't like it maybe these people like having their seat stuck in the and and some of you people are listening right now probably are people who do do that they do do it that's right and then and it's like why does a dog lick himself you know will look it's probably because he can and this is why did they put their seat all the way back because they can they couldn't give a crap less about the poor bastard shouldn't behind them who's not got a quarter of an inch space and then of course if you do have to get up and go take a leaker something and they got their seat all the way back then you have to do you know countless they have to be an acrobat that's right like Peter Sellers and the turlet and then movie on the plane you have to be a god damn acrobat you have to do the limbo red the limbo rock here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah are you doing okay sir all right my other few questions uh so about plane only story that a few questions uh I my fans are from Amsterdam by a little Dutch boy to do of need be I've been there what about those 18 um I've done 44 now um I want to go to what to keep this what would be the people time to go get a good first first last thing it's cheap not really any first place to keep the word they're for them what time a year if you go on martiner the uh the affairs of the same law you're long there there's no change in affairs there's no bargain rates in for a space but martiner is like is like about a third or less of what you there you go he says six this guy wants to go to Amsterdam first class for 600 bucks I thought he was talking about six grand try growing on British air sir it'll be six grand thank you with a stop in London no less that that constipated heat your airport oh yeah for some reason all these air lot of tanya air France uh British air British air Swiss air they jacked their business class rates way they'll up here recently so who the hell needs that look at that phone back now baby are we smoking here today or what oh what's going on here these last two days we actually had this thing down to a time for a few weeks we actually were getting a little response to a little action now it's like the same old crap again I got one call after the board here I just had five or six last time I look now of a sudden they're all gone it takes somebody's potsking around with our phone thing again here good be I'm not so we got a bunch of psychics on the photo all like uh okay all together on account of two we'll all hang a one to there we go five six seven oh five 60 and five six the only 18 to wireless line here's our last call of the day it's a mobile and bokeh okay no unbelievable this place got a patient I'm an old guy good absolutely I'm gonna go here since 74 I've listened to the all the time you're a spring chicken in this town so you're hardly going to be here I feel great I'm still working as a matter of fact call them I'm trade right now you're super I enjoy listening to him and I and I'll tell all my old friends to listen tell your old parts to get with it okay have a great life there you go we got two old parts we're making some progress we don't have much of anybody else okay any interest here today anybody okay we've only raised like 72,000 different things from our uh our embark to god damn zebra and they're in everything in between and they still got nothing to say I'm telling you man I just can't I cannot condition I cannot acclimate myself even after all these 400 years that I've been here to a place where the wall diminishing return every year these people have less than less than less to say about anything and even when you listen to the sports shows for example I listen to the Hank I wish Hank would just do his interviews which he does great like the one with John Henry two days ago do the interviews and talk you know and then forget about the god damn colors oh uh hang what do you think about that eight and a half spread on that ball the more game oh I'm again I didn't hear already with that crap will you people get out of here five six seven oh five 60 all the deadlines are open one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line is the beat goes on you can't hear it you can't see it you can smell it and you can't feel it it's the south floor to beat love it 25 a two way in i've felt it over till undermission that teamia your Oh, Arrialladi. Hey, block by something I wanted to show ya. Oh, I wonder where he is. It looks like a... I'm gonna push it up. That's me bag boy. What's your bag? Hey! What? Can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. Hey, that's fine. Hey, let you help him. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What are you doing with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and you blow. Oh, can I touch it? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid, it's not gonna break. I like this, lad. Hey, that's a boy. Speaking of the way down you throw. Hey, hey, I'm gonna do that, lad. What's this person over here? That's me, chanter. What do we do with her? What do you do about lad, lad? She's just put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. What's this, lad? Hey, hey. Hey, run your hands up and down your leg. No, what you wanna do, lad? Is you wanna blow on the pipe? You wanna squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you wanna run your hand up another shaft, real quick. OK. Get the roll at the same time. OK, here we go. Oh, good lad. Good. That's great. It's pure. Veryves. Bikmelon. Adarog? Adarog. Police'a behind! Police'a ma'on! They'regunchehanda carnival shout! Big Baslars! They'regunchehanda carnival b**! Nooo! Nooo! Nooo! He's my dealer... Mikeurg! Or... Or you lose! Azurakish, when he breathes the Navy. on the 32 at 560 WQM you're welcome by the way sweetheart there you go a service with a smile don't forget this Saturday I'll be at the shells the whole gang will be there shells in member of pines 5 to 7 to you so before the hockey game the Panther Carolina Huraculian game come on down shells at 1 18 25 pines bullet bar right in front of the member flakes mall in member of pines we have all our center one stuff our best in the LCDs because that's in t-shirts and all that QAM perfinator well I mean all that new rogers perfinator can I say QAM perfinator like a bumper stick okay data lines are dead open 560 50560 560 on a AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yeah good morning Neil I got no material that's called in the fih out going okay thank you okay we have an open line in bright can't can you believe that to see how it's going sure I think you just answered you on question that's how it's going use your our how it's going he's got no material is that the definitive software to call yeah I mean that that's that's you he just has nothing to say but he called in to see how things are going that's like people are calling six you've had ten people across any of how you doing great and they call it hey Neil how you doing still great how about what if they call for a handle how you do and I say I feel like there you go maybe that little variety might do them pretty good 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line boy or boy I am just loaded with it in fact if I could just find my goddamn seeding the beef strip from Tyson I'd feel like I was on top of the world like I had the attacker by the balls and then you come in here and you shut down you got 455 different things whatever how these batteries have got on their minds here's a guy with no material you must have something sir there must be something that you want to say is there anything in a world that you would like to comment on is there anything you have an opinion on there anything going on in your life no this town on the planet on TV I'm ready in your hand anywhere it's just amazing here's a mobile in forlaterdale hello hello Neil yes sir hey I got something to say yeah and then I'm listening and you're dragging out all the people and everything so negative maybe it's you Neil yeah maybe it's me then how come you're listening sir you're in my hand you know okay great I'm planning entertaining sir maybe it must be me I'm a bad guy now I'm a bad guy they're all listening out there but I'm a bad guy right how about it you that you've got enough of to say you also had nothing to say attacking me any asshole can do that attack whoever's on here that takes a lot of talent it must be me I must be a bad guy I'm an asshole I'm a star force I'm a old far I'm too negative that's right I'm the only god damn thing you've gotten your life between 10 and 2 every day sir and don't ever forget it okay don't you ever forget it maybe it's you that's just another excuse for the fact that this guy's nothing to say that's all that every call it comes in like that it's just another car it's just another way of saying hey guess what like the guy before I got no material so you're an asshole thank you sir and back at you date counting five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line you know a couple weeks ago I'm a good guy but today I'm a bad guy I'm an asshole because I'm talking about people who are in considerate and stick their guy damn seatback in your face on a guy damn airplane or kids who go up and do a on a plane and leave the guy damn door open and go bother flushing little things like that see I like I told you off the internet break I don't think most of these people ever going where most of the people in this town I think are like here stuck here 12 months a year if you have it in 65 days a year round of clock on circus on civil was on Easter Sunday they're here they go nowhere and so as a result when I start you know trying to have a conversation about any of these things about traveling or going anywhere or experiences they got nothing to say because they don't ever do any of these things they're here for the duration line checking okay let's go to a mobile in high-piloxo hello mobile in high-piloxo going once going twice that is a door mail here's a mobile in pop-in-o hello hey yes right hey have a nice question what you haven't feel about what's going on with the browser share of the busing casinos because they're not gambling so I've been talking about that for two days have you been listening to this program obviously not okay we have an open line in brown and all three and days five six seven oh five sixty posthus that's called little delayed reaction I've been talking about that for two days Bobby but a work in Ken Jennings anybody care about that oh no and I talked about Fred Grimm's column and a heraldest morning did anybody read it oh it about the fact that the states got no regulation and therefore they rip off people and do whatever and only once but instead of having some regulation the better way to do it to solve the problem is to grant them a front of the media and states another orchestrated raid and the ripple all the guy damn slot machines off the way because you know and screw up all those people's lives who pay money to go on that ship like everything else I talked about that till I'm blue in the face for two days there nobody here cares nobody's got anything to say about that and probably because I'm a bad guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir you're gonna get to your time about the marlins and I I dreamt you that film deserve a new state and we should have to build them but don't you you don't you also said that it was built in a downtown area it wouldn't help it wouldn't bring more fans I think it would I mean I've been in some cities where the downtown area in the state and it just seems like it's so much better you mean let's say Louis like Colorado you mean Denver yeah yeah if you have a bit of that have you ever been in downtown Denver yeah and it's nice yeah and it's comparable to downtown Miami well I think along with the city and you got to bring new restaurants and new entertainment of course but now let me add you what they built my Emmy arena down there in the middle of the word downtown where they're new restaurants and new entertainment and the new attractions did they clean up downtown Miami when they built your know they they back to we didn't they know I think they blew it see this is just another you're getting sucked into another piece of propaganda about downtown the hero keeps pedaling it because they want the value of hero one hero plans to keep going up this is all bull crap people in this town do not want to go downtown Miami let me just point out to you the uh macarina up there in sunrise right that we're doing 18 19 thousand people a game which capacity is 19 five or something like well practically still enough every game even though not playing all that well the reason being that's a safe place people enjoy it's easy to get there it's right off by 75 it's right the easy to get for anybody in Broward it's accessible it's safe it's clean that's where people want to go people don't want to go to downtown Miami they've made that very abundantly clear and you know if they've hired or somebody thinks they're going to have an h-bomb and totally redo all of downtown it's not going to happen this is what you know in what in West Palm a couple years five years ago you wouldn't even think about walking downtown yeah we did that place could I do something like that in Miami make space no we're where they're going to get to Miami to do that yeah you know thanks for a city where we're going to get to money we're going to like steal up somewhere and we're not keen to think anyway so they're down to the point is why do we need a new stadium for what's not point I mean if you give it a figure of the team and there's a way okay pal have a great day so on the one hand he's arguing me that we ought to have a new stadium downtown but let's get rid of the team because it's a waste if we had a good team let's build a new stadium downtown we have an open line in days find see these people are so easy so easily manipulated by the media and just like thanks to a couple of days ago about this all-star game thing it's absolutely nothing more than a charade now let's blackmail let's put the big squeeze on let's use this is an excuse to blackmail people in that town to squeeze more tax dollars we'll find some way to do it oh if you want to be big league if you want to have the all-star game if you want to play with a big boys you better build a stadium and I like oh where is that where are those numbers again here we go from last night right now the one I have it I got to hear somewhere from the goddamn hockey games here we are let's see and buffalo they had that nice new arena they got that 4,000 empty seats Carolina here we go and I realized they're only planning greensburg temporarily but nevertheless they're playing there 5564 people as you know to attend it they press I saw a couple of minutes of that game car line amount of fuel maybe they had 2,000 people in there let's just keep building more and more facilities Rangers in the islanders sold out on the pond and you wanted to why the islanders sold up because most of them were Ranger fans that's why I bet you there were 10,000 Ranger fans on the island last night rooting against the islanders 20 till noon is 560 WQM there's nothing like the smell of fine paint on a lazy Saturday afternoon to get high on that's right sniffing paint is a great way to warn them of weekends forget all the chemically engineered neuro stimulants those crazy South American drug lord are designing this is a real thing ah sniffed it little by but in the end the paint I have really not many times now I have to stay away care for and care for the paint days I have when you want to kick back the wax and try your brain to big and bits pick up a good old gallon of wallpaper I'm using me pee pee nice to help me a little everywhere living in P.P.G. it's 14 before noon at 560 WQM we have two open lines in date 560 5050 6550 on the AT&T wireless one we asked where I begged for all parts we've had two that's like one an hour maybe we'll have four by the end of the day think we can do four no three no here's a mobile and hollywood hello hey yes sir glad you having a great day two quick things I haven't a great day oh sure hey we're here you know we're not totally dead anyway on the tape a lot of somebody over in the available are what some of the old tapes or CDs available from my yeah two three years ago yeah that's the man okay this stadium issue is dead you know just like back to about that they thought that you know I think room that would strike whatever they need to do is if they want them they should be up north like the offy renal like you say people go to the offy renal because it's day brown my bro on beach county people can get through it it's right off and because it's safe and it's been a good neighborhood you don't have to fear for your life you don't have to look over your shoulders you know parking down in Miami was like horrendous lack but not least you thought about new downs and I'm glad they're one of your sponsors yeah and I'll tell you the best I went for work all day I get the black ones you know the black shoes yeah they brought me a pair of black walk-hands you said they're dying of money tell you I've been one of them for years they're the best I mean better than the S.A.S which I used to use yeah you know anyway thanks lots you have a good hour okay and back to you okay we have an open line in brown if you move quickly one and day five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the AT&T wireless line if you move quickly can you move quickly go I don't think so I love that all parts it must be you Neo and you're so negative well that why are you listening to the cons you're at jackass great well if I were to jackass you wouldn't have anything to do between ten and two every day so I'll kiss the ground pal kiss your radio put your lips right on a radio right on my back go kiss away sweetheart got here's a mobile in the Fort Myers hello yes sir first time call us hey you know I don't know if you have heard we have a junior little league some I throw hockey team over here now you have heard it's a very nice building and facility but they have a larger you can't cheer to about it again right well that's good probably effective we get the noise level down here would be you know you have to worry about our fans cheering too long because they're not paying too much attention they have a policy if you leave your seat could cheer the sheriff department just involved yeah sure great enjoy yourself okay have a great life pal whatever isn't that good enough to say okay we have an open line in brown all three in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the only eighteen to wireless line there's k j just brought the agatta miss ball here look at that isn't that beautiful looks just like bokeh brand I want to show I shouldn't have said that I get like I said it looks just like k j doesn't it looks just like oh it looks like bokeh brand okay six bokeh brand huh a lot more here than bokeh already okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the only eighteen and two wireless line we need two more people over the age of a hundred okay do we have any takers after come on let's get to what you can do it I'm telling you you can do it gum the rest of your breakfast and put that stuff down the other the phone please we're calling on you we're depending on you here's a mobile and hollywood hello hello yes sir I'm sorry that I'm not eighty but I'm working on it uh-huh me too I saw you on whammy yeah I thought sir you are one ugly fellow pitch yeah and you end up putting people down and look like that the one that you're gay woman wouldn't touch you yeah and how about you what do you look like oh better than you probably look like what that kid left you're playing that department yeah okay thank you sir and have a great holiday okay brings out the best I always told you that brings out the best in the audience holiday that you can smell them in the ear can't you the holiday spirit open line and see I've said before Larry King he's on TV making millions and millions is Larry beautiful he is beautiful baby all those people on TV they're lovely five six seven oh five sixty rosio Donald she's beautiful all right there you go Roseanne lovely all the people on TV they're all beautiful left-light people tune in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and hollywood hello and they're still happening here and they'll yes sir what what is that? hollywood's a hot hot city right now I mean you want uh I want to call you about that steady even down time Miami yeah I want to go to a baseball game a down time Miami with a police escort yeah even in the daytime with the dangerous place and what about that article about lebatore today with a great article hero uh about what I didn't I don't read his column or do I see it about what child child to be Johnson and Reno okay okay thank you call up one of the esports you didn't talk about that okay did he say that what does God just said how would us want I heard him say that open line a day two and a broad word five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in bokeh hello mail per time I don't agree I'm you are all the old far star uh they're on the emission testing line with me right now yeah yeah I got a question for you why if we are ordered to come to get our emissions done why are we paying ten bucks to do it mean that the government basically says hey you got to get the fundraiser it's easy way for the government to raise money just like writing a traffic like speeding tickets are we got a right to check for a certain amount of money to the tax collected but hey why are you here give a ten bucks so you can stick a posed up here you know up your rectum that's right that's what it's all about it's strictly a red $10 or five and by the way nine hundred dollars you want to drive it across the ten bucks we don't care if your tires are bald if your red lights work you notice they don't check anything else all they want to see is uh stick that thing deep inside your rectum and give us the ten bucks please and that's the hundred year old is the ones work in the emission station that's why it takes forever to get through it I've been here half an hour away hey listen I'll buy me I got a great a bunch of people out there I'm not going to say where it is over there off commercial boulevard whatever but uh they're all under the age of a hundred they know me they're great in the user right through there yeah that's the even downtown Miami uh 90% of the season ticket holders for the mile and slip and bowered upon me to county yeah why make it worse for you but did this scam has been good ever since I've been here when they started talking about the orange building old and the lapisated which it was and they started talking about building the new stadium oh my god the fewer that went up from a race for rain all the other parts always the same old crap everything's got to be in downtown Miami nobody wanted to go to downtown Miami's then and nobody wants to go there now and they I spent that living ball for 12 years and I spent most of my time at Camping D'Arch that rented time that happened there happened only because the businesses around the stadium decided to make it happen this is the city helped them out a little bit but I don't think we have a motivation in Miami for the businesses to help that you know and exactly where are they going to stick this stadium by the way in downtown Miami do you have any idea how much land it takes for you to build a stadium probably going to stick it there's a lot of place you can just moat down a lot of the uh useless you know weekly and that they're now I mean there's nothing but time out one Harold Plaza let's blow that up stop at the main right thank you okay have a great life so I'm telling you people are getting sucked in even though they're negative about it but they're talking about it like this is something that we really got to be thinking about building a new stadium here you have to have to have to have a mental health to believe that we need new stadium in this town so that we can continue paying these guys for at eight and ten and 13 and now 14 million dollars a year because they're so entertaining one call left on the board I think we got lots of good music right up yet let's have awesome Christmas music between noon and town there you go there's some good Christmas music for you little Hanukkah Carol here in there five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line mobile and west Palm Beach hello hello yes sir yes meal how you doing okay good they I was just wondering if you saw the news yesterday about the Pacific Princess when they found 56 times a heroin on it and they left their passengers in Greece no I did not see that there he's yeah unless their passengers in Greece and took off and they had to be in too much of those cheaper phase yeah well when they came into port they had 56 times a heroin on the boat the Pacific Princess the actual love boat all right great that was beautiful that's all I want to say I just wonder if you heard about it I know you don't know we have thank you so much for the info we learned two things today no I learned three one I should have stayed home two open lines in date all three and borrowed very very slow wind up there whatever it held day is as there's they thank God are we anticipating a gigantic crowd of shells on Saturday between five and seven oh I mean based on what I'm here in here today I think I'm going to be sitting there with George looking off into a space eatin our clam chowden that's pretty much going to be it like the last time we did this certain place oh yeah I don't know if there was a one guy there that was just complaining because they didn't have lobster that day oh I said over and over and over again we will see although come down and complain on Saturday it'll be good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line so what we've all learned here today Neil is a bad guy that's the problem that's one nobody wants to talk to number one and number two he's ugliest in and that's why he's a fact because no balloon would touch him in a right mind okay it's better than so on I would imagine it'd be way easier to get laid as a tag than I just straight up really I would imagine knowing men five minutes before noon at five sixty WQM I'm doing fine just the way I am okay thank you I don't need any ass distance from him the Neil Roger show now on five sixty WQM Miami Fort Lauderdale Neil got out WQM where the cat is There he was just a walking on the sea sand. He's a man from the land of talent sand. He's the peace good, he's the deep and deep, He's the deep and changes water into one. The next thing I knew we had a limit on a speech thing. He's the word of death and everything. Him, to the bird, to the breastburn-ing All the dawn and night, shine all the light, I don't walk down through my door, Penny, Here it'll ever source. Can I not run? Whoa, whoa, whoa, Something is the sun of God's voice. Yes, they do, but there's other people thinking so I. Now he's the reason that we have any today's fan. To the more planet it's that it's the moon. Oh God! And we've some reasons that all the Christians were saying. And to my day they did it, something did it. Oh, the place in praise and kneel down kneel down praise and kneel down the man The world of thorny grunt. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it, something did it. To my day they did it. He's a joke. I don't know what it's five sixty wqm. So our poll question today is how do we get a first class ticket to Europe round trip for a hundred bucks. Sound good to me? Uh-huh. That poor guy that called before met he's in Lala land. When he said about six, I was about ready to say, yeah, six grand. He was talking six hundred dollars. Just fly for maybe seven hundred bucks. You can fly in coach like way way back there like with the cargo and the sheep and the pig. Whatever. Just take some doggy down as with the take some sleeping pills like a whole bunch. And you'll wake up and they'll be all over. You'll be there and you'll say, uh, a rat. Great. Here's Miami. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. I do it. Okay. I guess we're about insurance. Don't say now that you should leave, uh, just a box of condoms for your kids. Like in the, uh, I guess like leaving cookie jar. No. Yeah. Really? Yeah. She's saying, you know, we should just leave condoms. That's what you can in eleven year old kids, is that, huh? She said kids. I mean, but just leaving them out there. Be by two hundred. So leaving. She says, you don't care if you make water balloons out of them. Right. Just, uh, just so that you can't take them whenever they need them. So what's wrong with that? Why? I don't see anyone with it, but I don't know, but just leaving them out like a cookie jar. I don't know. I don't think they won't eat them anyway. I don't think. Okay. Nice going. Sharon Stone. Sharon Stone. Okay. What's wrong with that? Why did I look to my right there all of a sudden? I looked away for like one second. I looked back at the screen over here. Every single line in the board was lit up in an, and now like 90% of them were all gone. We got the most bigger. I'm telling you they're patching with a guy damn phone again. Did they? You don't believe me. I'm telling you these phones just get knocked off like with an ugly stick. Oh, by the way, speaking about people at the phone company in the cable company, media one with all your new 8 billion channels up there in Broward County. The picture that you're delivering us the last couple of days. I wouldn't wish on hair mongering and avabron. Okay. That's the kind of gross, bad, bad, muddy, horrible picture. Thank God for my satellite. Jesus Christ Almighty. They keep jacking and rates up a little more in a little more. They sneak in a little increase. Oh, well, we're giving you 100 channels now. Yeah, but we can't see any of them. Grany horrible nasty pictures on the cable out there in West Broward. Man, you people are brutally. Just can't get it right. Oh, there he goes complaining again. Sorry. Here's a lady north Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. A couple things. Yes. First of all, the guy that told you that you were ugly. Yes. You can kiss my butt. Yeah. For saying that. There are most people ugly. So what do I care? I don't care what you look like. You're the most well informed man on the radio. I'm the smartest guy they're in man on the face of the year. That's right. That's right. And I do have a question on the way to work out. I'm talking about important things of course. I'm harness racing. Yes. Seriously. I listen to you whenever current events come up that I need answers to because you are so well informed. I've told you this before. You're terrific. And you know that. Don't talk around too much. Please don't talk. I want to ask you. Did you hear anything about blue lights in the sky? No. Sirius? No. What do you mean blue lights are bad? Well, I was thinking to another radio station on the way to work this morning. Because you don't come on to last regular tour. And they were saying that there was blue lights spotted in North Miami Beach and in Plantations. Yeah. And that when this radio station called the television station or the F2C or something, I don't know who to ask about it. They were asked to please not discuss it because it's a classified matter. And I think I caught the tail end of it. Oh, it sounds like the art bell showed to me. That's what it sounds like. I just wanted to do that. Do do do do do do. Yeah. Twilight song. Okay. I think it's probably Rod Shirley trying to make a comeback from the other side. Take it easy. Have a great day. Hi. Maybe it was time for the blue lights special. That's right before they early bird is the blue lights special. Two open lines in day two and a row or five six seven oh five sixty and Plant five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hey pop. Yes sir. First of all, the shopping is in my steam. I don't listen to too much sports radio. Let me just ask you this question and see what you think. I don't know if anybody's discussed it. Yes sir. What is the chance that hives in a new that we were losing the off star game and asked and not to announce it until he could dump the team? None. You don't think so. No. Well, if it came out before he unloaded the team, who the hell is by it? And all. The guy even said himself that he was hoping and claim that he'd get there. That meant a lot to the economy at the end. There was one of the major reasons he bought the club. No, he didn't say it was one of the major reasons he bought the club. He didn't say that. When he did that little press conference up and both of the other day. He said that. Yeah. That was one of the major reasons he bought the club. Yeah. I don't believe that. Well, I saw. Yeah. Let me ask you this. Who cares? Nobody. Okay. Okay. We have one call after the board. I'm telling you one thing. We're going to be playing a lot of music here today. I want to talk that stuff. Okay. I understand. So how about easy bridges? That lot of stuff they got a full plate with Apple features and Humpton Pie on it. I'm sure so they're busy. They don't have time to talk to some old people on the radio. These are South-Hosers and Nancy Guy. Apple pictures from him by... How? How? How? How? How? That's the family of the 28 years. How does that work to be saying? I'm going to be a little bit more busy. I'm going to be a little bit more busy. I'm going to be a little bit more busy. I mean, every call we've had today, here I'm looking at the board we've got two calls on your now, which is pretty pathetic. It is mobile. Do we have anybody inside a building? No. In anybody here, this station inside a building. No. In your home. No. In your apartment. No. Under the overpay. No. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line on a really spastic through the. Is it going to be this way all the way through now through the holidays? Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. NealPriceLine.com. You want to take a step to Europe. You need to internet site. You name the price and that there's an airline that will match that price you're obligated to buy it. So, they took a, you say, I'll buy two tickets for 600 bucks. If there's an airline willing to do it, they will, they will issue those tickets. And you're obligated to buy them. It's called priceLine.com. Well, what does that mean? I don't understand what you just said. You just said. You just do the question of the day you want to find out how to get cheap tickets to Europe. You keep tickets anywhere. You just basically put in the tickets out the auction on the internet. And then airlines have an opportunity to match the price that you want. In other words, if you say, hey, I want to buy a ticket for 600 bucks to Europe. Then you go out on priceline.com. And if there's an airline say, you, you know, Americans says, okay, I'll give it to you for 600 bucks. Well, why is the American going to do that? Well, because they don't, they sometimes reflect our books. And so they want to fill the seats up. Believe me. Just check it out. Find out. Priceline.com. Yeah, it's a good place. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Does anybody understand what he just said? No. It sounds great to me, but does anybody out there under have any idea what he was talking about? No. Oh, we got another call about that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good guy was a moron. Yeah. I mean, he had the right idea. He just didn't know how to explain it. I mean, he didn't make it. I thought he must have been me. Like I'm a little bit slower in my advanced days. But I know he didn't know. I was looking at the screen. I'm like, come on. Put it out, right? Yeah. Here's the deal. Instead of buying an airline ticket to the traditional way, you call the airline and they say, oh, you want to go to Miami in a room. It's $8 million. You go to price line. You say, all right. I want to fly from this place to this place. Here's the date that I want to travel on. And willing to pay $X dollars. You fill in the blank. So let's say you want to pay 300 bucks for that ticket. So price line then submit that bid to all the different airlines. And if there's an airline out there, it says, yeah, okay, we've got a couple of open seats on that day. We'll sell those tickets for 300. Give me. You brought them. But I have to believe that this has got to be a real short term thing. Another word here. You can do a short term long term, whatever. How can you do a long term? How does the airline know that they're not going to sell those seats out at the full price? I mean, I have no idea. But I mean, again, if you put it in an offer that's ridiculously low, then you can just go, exactly. And then you go ahead. But it's a great service. You get an answer back usually within a couple of hours. And it's as simple as that. The only thing that a lot of people that I know are hesitant about, you've got to put your credit code in right at the very beginning. Yeah. Because what happens is once your bid goes out to the airline, if the airline says, okay, fine, we're going to go ahead and do it. They take your credit code. That's a good answer. You will know tickets. They're non-refundable. So you get them at the price that you want. And if there's no takers that you're at 300, then maybe you're either going to another bit of 400. But it's a hell of a service. So get them out of the come out with the same thing for televisions, for cars. And you can do the same thing for like a first class ticket. First class coach, whatever you want, you tell them what you want. You tell them the number stops you willing to make you tell them the number of, there's a little parameter. But you're kind of pretty much still in the blanks. Here's what I'm interested in. I'm happy to hear what I'm going to do on that thing today. As soon as I got home, I'm happy to have it. Right flying that com check it out. Okay, thanks. Later. That makes a little more sense. Sounds good to me. Sound good. Two open lines in date, one in Broward. 560, 505, 60, pump, 560 on our mobile one line. 10 past noon, a QAM. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bowling, the voice of the Toronto Maple East, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. Oh by the way, if you go to the Belage, you'll understand you're from Womering, you know watching the water show and the water, you're not putting it in the air. This is one of the songs they play. 580. Scored Scored? Yeah. Yeah. The sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound that I can hear by sound loud. a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, I have to, I wanted to say that I met you at the Pizza Hut, the other that you're a previous appearance. He's a lot. I'll get you a side. Don't say that, please. At the Pizza Attic and. Yeah, right. And it was, um, I have to describe the experience as being a little interesting because, uh, I hear you, you have a few other things you all day to my headphones and I feel like, uh, I know you as a, as a person or as a public person, as, as whatever you create as a person on the radio. Yeah. But it was, it was, um, literally disappointing. No, no, I wouldn't think that. It was, it, it, we'll let down. No, it's not a lot of experience. It was, I'm cute. It was, yes. It was unusual. I, because I felt a very, uh, shy to speak to you. Yeah. It was a good idea. Yeah. And not that you're an intimidating person. It fought far from it. But it was just to see you in the flesh, uh, uh, on three dimensions there. We should, we should have a little unusual. Yeah, you won't respect. I mean, I'm happy on the year as I am in person. No, I realize that. But, um, it's, it's funny. You know, as, as I listen to you speak during the day, I always have, I have mental responses that, that, I say, well, yes, in point, I'm arguing with you with mentally or I'm agreeing with you or, well, you make a point in, uh, and he just, uh, vanished. And he just got cut off. And then, I was interested that I want to hear the rest of that story. One of the few calls I've had all day that I was really paying any attention to because the guy had something to say. And he just got, I'm telling you, man, the hand of the devil is involved in his show today. I know we saw Bill Tanner running around the hallway to course while terrified of him. Right. That's the rumor that I'm here. I wouldn't be surprised that the finger of a Bill Tanner is a stuck in somebody's rectum right now because these phones man screwed up. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty at a mobile one line. Please call us back. You're okay. We'll paint for the call anyway. What do I ever ask anybody to call back? Almost maybe twice in the 20 years because I want to hear the rest of the story. Like Paul Harvey, I want to hear the rest of the story. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. All right, you guys like that. I press on situation. Yeah. It's very, very restrictive. Number one, if you change your plan, you'll lose the back part of the ticket. What do you mean? Oh, if in other words, I told you one of these today and there's that. Yeah. If you come back next to reality, that's why I hold you ticket. You lost the return portion of it. You can't use the front of that. So, in other words, both days you had an emergency or you got sick or something and you wanted to change the date. You can't even change the date. You're screwed. Right. The boy, a regular ticket. Well, play the game with the price on situation. Right. The other thing is, well, I travel overseas a lot. This is clear, and first clear, generally, try it up. Right. It's going to be like 20 in the middle of the hasten at the find first clear speech before you want to go. This mostly uses for code sheets in the back of the find. I would think so. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, you may find that you may get lucky. And of course, you know, three months of four months out, we're not going to say the ticket. The ticket for a service example for fresh players would be like for today, it tomorrow, whatever. But they're not going to let those he scull because they're going to be going to sell them. Yeah, they're not going to sell to you four months ahead of time because, you know, what the odds are great that they're going to because you know, as well as I do, that business in first class or start class or whatever they have been a column, they're almost always filled up to the brim. Right. You can't get it. So, right. You're paying whatever. And I'm going to let you have it. Right. And I'm going to get you. All right. Now, let me ask you this because I brought it up before and I didn't have anybody else responded with, if you do a lot of traveling and I've the only one that has the person sitting in front of me put their headrest all the way back and line up reclining in my lap. It happens to all of us. Right. And what do you do? I don't do anything. Is that I want to start a scene on the plane like 37,000 feet in the air? But I'm sure that there must be some people who got the cohones to say, hey, would you mind moving it up a couple of notches you ran by last? That's really what you can do because this is the way the feet are designed. This is not going to go back that far now. Yeah. Which is the following God name airline, which is made up. They're trying to impress you by showing hey look, you can almost lay down here and take a nice nap. But in the meantime, they're sticking to you and everybody else's face. Well, I don't think it's a American for example. Maybe you're more than a fresh place than you don't know. But this is an American for me. It almost seems to be a bit. Yeah. Okay. Listen, your phone's crap and all but thanks. What do you say? We have an open line at Broward one in date. 567560, Pond 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a, here's our friend who we're cutting cutoff. I think it was an act of the devil's ear. It was an act of the cellular phone moil. Yeah. He cut me. He dropped there. I thought so I was saying yeah. What were you saying? You were saying that it was very peculiar to me being person at the pizza. What was it that pizza slot? Something like that. It's not about overchlamies. Because you know, like I said, you know, you have an internal discussion with you while you're I'm listening to you on the radio and I agree and so on and so forth. And we're all these things that I said, gee, I want to say this to Neil or this is out of the other thing. And I walked in and A, I have to apologize to George because I didn't even say I'm out of him and he was sitting right next to him. He's just. He's there. He was just being ignored. He's kind of like, you know, in a lot of that way. And person he's very bland and he just sits there kind of like non-committal and he enjoys that. He doesn't want to know the right of you. Right. And I was taking a back at the lack of of circumstance to the whole appearance. You know, I mean, you were sitting at a table there and the lack of circumstance. Yeah. I also, I want to have a lot of them was on the other side. Plasted it out of his mind and now Goldstein was on the other side, the taking up three or four seats, right? Right. And all these people, I had a real good. We had a good turnout though at Pizza Lough. We had that place jam packed. We did real well there because that was a long time ago. Yeah, I showed up a little. I also wanted to say that you can't say enough for the volunteers that are out in front and doing doing all that hard work. Right. And we were for Senator One. I mean, they're great. They really are. And they were really nice and I was happy to purchase materials and so on and so forth. But the reason I caught you was that I was watching Channel 7 news this morning and as we know there was a growth test event at the race track a couple of days. And we're so late again this morning. Were they? Now, they didn't end up piece where they today, where they interviewed her sister and they had a picture of her and they talked to the trainer and everything else like that. But I sat there and I counted and they showed the fall and the girl getting hurt. Six times. The media is set and it's not bad. They must have shown it six thousand times yesterday. Oh, at least. But I mean, I mean, it was like, uh, I want to talk to them when they had time to show it again today because they've been showing the, uh, this LeBrand Dennis guy that I convicted of killing the UM kid. They've been showing him anything there 75,000 times. It's for the frames slow, most. Oh, there he goes again. Because it is he keeps hitting that floor and hitting that floor. They won't have to stick his ass knee, luxury cheer. He'll be dead before them. I was thinking that they could have just let him hit the floor and, you know, pull a water there and plug a man and be done with it. There you go. And there. But it was a lot of time and money. And, and Monday, like football and that when that player got cut his leg hurt really badly. Yeah. But you notice how they kept the camera on this and now look away. You don't want to see it. Yeah, right. Cover your eyes. Only people, you know, open two fingers a little bit and take a piece right. I had no, they didn't go away to a spot and he didn't fit the cap. Now look at the angle of his leg. Yeah, right. Look at how it's, well, I couldn't been off to the side, right? And he'll never walk again. Okay, but I'll have a great day. I think you did coming back and I appreciate that by still, I would be said, no, seriously, do you know what he said about the appearance? It was uncertain, I know. We have an open line of day, 560550 and Pomp 560 animal below. I mean, good guy, but I just, I still can't figure out what the app is. It was just, uh, not what he expected. And everybody's like that. This is a radio show. That's all. I'm just a quiet, hell of a good guy. That's all. It's a radio show. I'm about some kind of a wild, crazy prick who's on here, we're looking to stir up a bunch of graphs. It's a radio show. It's the kill for hours in a very boring town and do a great job of it too, by the way. Oh, that's all. This relax. Here's a lady mobile and call spring, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, hi, Neil. How are you? Hi, I'm fine. I'm saw a ritual from Wisconsin. We moved down here four years ago. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, that's all you like it. Well, I weather up there's pretty bad. No, I like it up, no, I just up there last week and it was in the 60s for Thanksgiving, but I just wanted to tell you, I wanted to tell you that we don't have anything like your show of North and they need to help me radio entertain. That's right. So you need a radio animal up there. But anyway, I caught the end that you're going to be a shelf from five to seven or Saturday, right, this Saturday, which shelves in Pemberpines right before we go home? Well, I look forward to coming down there and seeing you. Great. Given something for Sunday morning. The Wisconsin lady. Okay. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Bye. Bye. That's right. Sheldon, Pemberpines right in front of the Pemberpikes mall. I correct about that. I get to write. I haven't been there in years. In fact, the first place that I moved in Broward was Pemberpikes about six hundred years ago. That when I lived in Dade County and I moved to Pemberpikes. I said, I think it's time to get out of Kendall, get out of Dade County and go where like some people speak English. Oh, that's a terrible thing to say, but it's true. And I moved to Pemberpikes. I lived there for a couple of years and was in one place or two, in one place. Then I moved to Pemberpikes. I've been a plantation for a long time. The chief of police say too happy about it because he asked me like poison. The mayor, he's a wolf. He don't remember who the whole I am. But what's not to like about Pemberpikes? I mean, we got a few smart ass punk kids out there. But we'll take care of them. We have an open line of days five, six, seven, five, sixty and five, sixty on a mobile one line. 12, 26 on QAN. Great. You have talking on your sports department. I've heard them another day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game. And it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. I want to tell you that's very shitty. For someone to talk that way about illegal because you know, can himself, it's not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal sometime or the other. Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay? Because, you know, it's not about like that but Cuban people. How about his nationalities, the pieces of shit. Okay? There's nothing but rap this here. There's a poor people. That's how, that's how, you know, that's the American fucking way. So, they're talking about Cuban people that way. But the last holes you guys. She is herself. That's pretty sweet. Relax. I could have said anything about any curriculum that has been made to make it a whole year. No matter what your faith is in these equalities, five greater songs in the history of America is lightning strikes by Luke Christie. Would you even debate that, even with your crappy musical taste? I like two faces better. Yeah, you would. Two faces have I? Yeah. Oh, that's a baby crap record. That's sure. And that wasn't lightning strikes. I mean, I like it too. About rapsing in your pants. That's agree. Where you know, I tell you something more. Think about it. Luke Christie left here for Luke. Okay. He was great. I've got his greatest at CD in my life. I've got to have lightning strikes back here somewhere. I might actually play it later on when we have no calls in about ten minutes. Love Luke Christie. Rapsing in the rain. Lightning strikes. The gypsy cry. Two faces have I. Two faces have I. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it was called. Two faces have. That's the way you sang. And he must have been Julio. Luke Christie. Okay. What am I? What am I? I've just told with the put that song. I love lightning strikes. So if you don't like that song, yeah. In fact, we had a bumper sticker. If you don't like Luke Christie, you ain't the crap. That's right. You don't like country or more. You must be normal. Well, what is it about the country music scene? I've never seen one country music male artist. I mean, the women are even there a little strange. But the guys, they all, the guards, the works that they're making a big snick about. He looks like a country music guy. You know what I'm saying? He just got that look. They all look. And although he looks more normal than most of them. But most of them look like that product of the intercept and Inbreeding like from the Josep Tennessee. I'm serious. And they all look like they're the most of them. And they are. Which is what it's all about. How's Johnny Cash doing by the way? Well, I'm sorry. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a snowflake from New York. I met you last year in board. I was with Phil Henry. I bought two of you CDs. Are you sure? She's me. Yeah, right. I just put you last one in board is last night. Thank you. That bless you. Let me ask you a question. I'm going back to New York tomorrow. And I just wondered if I'm going to tell you that paper insert. Could you autograph it and I'll send you a post to you. Sure. And I just asked you two quick questions. Yes, sir. Back in the report, in 1980, so I also heard a jury wish. Do I remember him? I'm trying to forget him, but I remember him. Yes. Is he still around? No. Haven't heard him in years. No. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? He's going to LA. He's ninsing up out in LA. And the two Henry. He's also going to LA. He's on KFI. Phil Henry's doing very well. I'll make a lot of money in LA. Alice Rand tells us out there are leaking out of the living. Yeah. He's raised funny guy. Great. Send Facebook. I got to say something. Okay. Then how would stirring? Dynamics? I can't understand why you don't have national exposure. Maybe because I got an agent, I got a lawyer who's like a busy, Wring about marijuana. I have a great day, pal. Thanks. See, a great holiday. Two open lives. I got to find Luke Christie. Okay. I don't have time for this. This is almost like you, sister. I got to my genius. You know, something I'm pretty goddamn smart. My own way. I don't know. I like George knows a lot more about the history and all kinds of stuff than I do. I mean, George is just a walking in cyclopidia about a lot of things that really are very important when you come right down with. No, I got to see other way around. I'm a walking in cyclopidia about things that are totally unimportant. I take that back. No, seriously. I know more like my new share like Rick Wally used to say to me, how do you all about this sports stuff? I've always been statistics in from years ago because my mind is cluttered with crap. But I enjoy having my mind cluttered with crap. Well, I'll put in a little song that I love, which every now and then when we have no calls which is half the time, I used to play this because it's long and it get really all. It's the pressing and it's morbid and it was a medley of their hit. You never heard from them. Did we ever hear from the walk of brothers again? No, I don't think so. Your son ain't going to shine anymore? No. But anyway, getting back a little bit later on, I got to go. Here we go. Oh, you know what I had to try and do by the way? Now let's see. No, seriously. Let's try to play him at the same time. I'm telling you, I'm getting sexual assault. Better cut it out now before we have an accident. It's court court. On my Bluetooth, I don't want to leave some gum in here. Here's a call in pop-in though. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Well, leave some. Right. How about those maple leafs last night? Oh, I'm running over to King. I can't remember. I can't remember. Along and then. One like seven in a row. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I can't remember. Along and then. One like seven in a row at home and building. Very, very tough for them to win it. Do you know that last year on January 7th? That was when they got there 14th. When they're over a month ahead of schedule. They're playing just incredible. I mean, I just love it. I enjoy it. So maybe on average, is God. Yes. I was going to suggest you. Since you're asking for the old folks to call today. Yes. Well, you know, Saturday, you're going to be at Chelsea. Right. Which is like a hop skip at a jump from cemetery. Really? I'm going to be going to be going to be on your top. I'm going to get the old parts in there. Okay. I'm going to be on your point. Well, even if you've been a glass to soak their teeth in while they're waiting for their autograph. Have a good one. And back to you. Bye. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 in Dave. Five, six, seven. There is the other way around. However, it works out. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Now I feel it was worthwhile coming in the air today because I found Luke Christie. Oh. What else is on here? Is there any other look because I also had that thing you're talking about? The best of. How about the best of the walker brothers? That's a small CD. Love that song. The son of you come to shine anymore. God, that's when music was music. Not all his craft. Not all his hip hop and rap garbage and got on. All garbage is worth. And by the way, speaking of, speaking of, erosmith. That record. Now what will be his hat from? Some horrible movie. What is the movie that that song is from? What song? There's the song that's number one over the world now. All over the world. It's top 40 video. You don't know. I can't see this is my stupid. I can't think of the name of it. Their song is like gigantic all over the world. Erosmith. It's on the tip of my tongue. It's from that outer space. What is that space? Will we be that horrible, grotesque? Jesus. Yesterday it was the fur-bees. Today you don't know from erosmith. I got to understand if I was talking about the back door more. Is there something? I'm talking erosmith. Huh? I'm a good news. Armageddon is the movie. The name of the song is... Jesus. I can see it. It's right on the tip of my tongue. Erosmith, baby. They didn't know how much older. When they were 100, they're still going to be great. Like in a couple of years. 21 before 1 at 5. 50 WQA. It's so... It away from the ball. All the f***ing. That's sweet. I think it's crazy. It's sweet. But when the open, you learn to keep on it. All right. And then I hit the street. It's so check out my tongue. And for half in worth. Why are all about it? There was a black guy standing on the door. And there's him a rap in your blood. What's going down? There's no tattoo. And if I was some kind of brain. If you don't believe what you think, How things... Take a fool and shake the fool. How did you do? Like the children, those kids who don't spend due to self-like and due to lose. Be ready, panic, think for you. And eat those out at gun and dead and rest. I'm getting learning, keep on extra number one. Many names that they said he has learned what old you are. I'm not a fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothal fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo f fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo fothaloo hothaloo fothaloo fothaloo and o al uwane fothaloo fothaloo sprout I ride to the grassy little country. That's like some possession of space. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking jubby, but slow up the whole goddamn place. That's the whole game, that's the whole thing. Oh My Lord, God! Trad evolves wasted but they're less eb multiply stop go on down. Trad evolves wasted but they're less eb multiply stop away. Trad evolves wasted but they're less eb multiply stop. Thank God for a very very reminding me I got all time to visit it in the wrong spot before a little while ago That's a shame I'm about straight enough Thank God that everybody all the some a few people around here on their toes. That's good because we're sure not 102 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in date 560 75050 pump I've 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, Goldberg from sure will stay tuned today I noticed the Hank Goldberg show is like starting to move Shoulders take two now three days this week and one at the sporting brews and like flag root off track nice going there Humper he's making damn sure that during the final days in that horrible studio But there's a he who have to spend one second more than he's got to in there and then at six o'clock We got the boost in night eight o'clock. We got one of the worst Thursday night football games in the history mankind I don't want to mention fully in the Rams. Oh God. Here's a pepper pine pillow I don't know great. Hey, I figured out why they're having that show now with boo getting everything like that Yeah, they're starting the pregame show for the marlins first game Excellent point that maybe that's one way we can make some of that money back to like the million dollars we lost last year I think it was more than that. I think that's what Gregory's trying to you know figure out the money that's 25 million that he's talking about Right Yeah, if you only knew But I figured out you told the George tell you what name the song was the guitar one earlier with Harris Yes, but I forgot already. Oh, it's I don't want to let the thing see if I forgot it before I'm gonna forget it now I have no idea why it's forgotten because your dismiss is next to God to me But we know that you know people think that song annoying, but it's not nearly as annoying as that movie that one from the movie city of angels Do you remember one with the gooey dolls? No, no, no, no, okay Why do people think that song is annoying? What's annoying about it? Oh, no, it's just you know He just keeps weighing on on and on and on well that's what's great about TV town or is he's bailing on it? Yeah, he's okay though, but Was it what I'll never stole a freight train. I'll tell you that Well, you know what is great. I heard that one that you guys did with Neil God one That one you did I think was on the bus in 95 right? That was phenomenal. They were you could play that by chance? Yes, sir. Okay, great. You asked and you got it. You're great. I'm okay. Have a very light Hey, by the way, you speaking to you, Axe have you seen that the O.J. is the dating a look alike and the cool look alike? Have you seen that? You better get with it, and if you better start reading the important publications like the tabler and the star and the inquire I'm serious and the son He's dating this blonde bingo of white of course. So I guess she's blonde. I figure she's white Who looks just like Nicole It's kind of like a guiding lighting. It's like the clone of Riva. Here we go. O.J. He'd be having a clone of Nicole What's that? That was not all about murdering son of a bitch. We have an open line in date five six seven05 60 time five 60 at least we can all kiss the ground and thanks the Lord we can thank it That's right to the fact that the overwhelming majority of Americans they don't want nothing to do with that murdering son of a bitch and they know him For exactly what he is Nobody wants nothing to do with old J. No mole in fact if I if I were old j. Mac Duffy I'd probably change the name if I were him right now, but far be it for me to tell any of those shows Here's a mobile in the Fort Lauderdale hello Oh, yes I lived in Vegas for 15 years Really? Yeah, I used to go to all shows out there because we go for nothing and then we work in the casinos You always get cops for all the showers, but I saw a new Chris job there and he was great But I'm gonna tell you something I saw a show with the Sahara hotel one night, right? It was blood sweat in tears when David Clayton Thomas made his Come back on back the opening act was Johnny Rivers I love dog Rivers. Oh, man. I love he did 45 minutes of just get after hit after hit and when blood sweat and tears came back on They would just blew they want a Johnny Rivers back really Oh I sure like Johnny Rivers more than David Clayton Thomas no question about that I mean blood sweat in tears they had spin and wheel and spin and wheel and spin and wheel I was pretty much it yeah They came up with a new class of music now it's kind of a cross between Country and ramp it's called crap. Yeah. I hear a lot of it I'm out of material. Okay. Yeah, great day Oh god, we have an open line of day one at Broward. He's right on target baby Because make no mistake about a 98% of the music here especially on FM and this market crap. That's right We can kiss the ground for that that we got somebody bad bad music stations in South Florida as in all of them who played nonstop Round the clock 560 50 50 50 560 on our AT&T wireless wine here's hialia hello Hey Neil how's it going? Okay, sir. Hey, what's going on? You got some of the Florida Panthers there working for you The spot they're not on their toes of the sun. I think the Panthers deer something working Yeah, we're getting Terry Murray is one of me joining now. We're gonna get Murray Brothers That's horrible robbing me to my special ad joven off I love it. How beautiful what is your mind is 96 you know he's dumb is what he is dumb a dummy It's just flat out horrible. Oh, he didn't make a nice play last night. He said to go You see that one he blocked it all three slice nice. Yeah after he let in the other two though Right well nobody's perfect. I guess you get he you get married you have a kid and you know I'm not not in that order with the other way around. Oh, okay. Yeah, you have a new It's off a lady of Mary, you know you saw that he said the spanking for the wife when she's nagging you huh? Oh, that's just terrible. You know what that is, don't you? That's the American And the Canadian way too have it on me and his nickname anyway and you got Peter War all out there So we'd be better off with old jay there speaking of old jay In his next next you know at least you'll cut somebody you know not just hit him right okay How fast did the good news special ed is doing it? Okay two open lines a date to a Broward 5 670 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line 108 here on QIM Yankee dating I'll kneel Power then I'll present it man. I'm the most powerful guy say man in the world. Yeah I am That power then I'll present it. I say man. I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world Thanks for that While he's six percent of billboard employees in this country are sick of size the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia I have no preview Oh I will not recognize lots of already have a company that perpetuates this kind of behavior You shock at me A Tu Oh, they're very confident. You know. There's a gun. Go look. I was at hand judge. Someone's gun. Hi. You have no feet in. It'll do my job as well when I say it isn't that. It's great radio. I am the hemorrhage. So we have a longer score than this piece of crap. Look at this. How short is dancing? Yeah. We're going to take this chord and I'm going to shove it up his eye. We're staying more kneel. I want to play so far. It's like I'm freaking out how to really does. I want to be left to a prec tes, should I have a book called non- begrudinated part?gthing in the back. I want to be left to a precarlara to a prec. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, this is theester to the big assistant lead there. The matt that kept dangling. They were so incredibly good. I want to be left to the speaker load. Okay. the closing earth today You It I'm gonna do it again. What I'm gonna do is make sure you keep it out. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. Yeah. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do my hard work in ced Pentagon Are the children saying that your members will put risk on the sun and kill babies asotheically when I settle down I want one vaguely on my mind I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. Wild artony, wild artony I'm gonna do it again another day Take take take It Take Troised and And Are you? Are you? Oh my God. This is travel in the time. Waiting for us to travel to bed. Make sure in your mind. Did you go? Let's have a paint of 550. I figured out in my mind, that's number three on the all-time list. Number two, of course, pretty little lane-colors by Kurdis Lee. And number one, crying by Eros Smith, which we decided months ago on the shirt. There you go, there's the top two. What are you smiling about? Nothing wrong with that. Are you familiar with pretty little lane-colors by Kurdis Lee? The answer better be, yeah. Of course. What a great record that is, huh? Kurdis Lee, another one hit the wonder. Man, oh man, what a great song that is. And do you know that he was white? Did you know that? No, I didn't know that. Kurdis Lee, he'd be white. Or was it? Kurdis Lee, dead or alive, come on on you, experts out there. White. Sounding black. Let's talk about all the white artists who sounded black. About all the black artists who sounded white. I guess we knew that real quick. We have an open line in Brower 2, then 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, on the AT&T wireless line. I feel rejuvenated now after hearing lightning strikes by Luke Christen. Oh, God. I feel like somebody just woke me up from a long nap. Here's a mobile until Ray Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Ray. I just wanted to go and thank you. I've been on the AT&T's now since just after Labor Day. And I'm losing weight. I lost about 25 pounds. I went off the last two weeks and I started to feel bad again. You know, all the carbs and the starch is just really, you know, you start feeling bad. So I've been back on for four days now and I'm starting to feel better again. Now, have you, did you hear me talking about this Tyson season B strips? Yeah, I sure did. I'm going to have to go because you all are as well as I do that. And that gives that the biggest problem is it's boring. It's repetitive. It's restricted. And every time you look at the store for something and nibble on something in Asia, it just loaded with carbohydrates. And I picked up this package in Windicki a couple of days ago and I look on the label of one gram of carbs for serving. Three servings of containers. And the three carbs in a whole package, which is nine ounces, and it is delicious. It's great. I want to definitely have to try it. I was right in the down earlier when you were talking about it. I'm in the car. I just wish now I knew I could find some because I know I'm going to go back to that store today and it'll be a little bit long gone. Where did you find some of the first time public? No, my public doesn't carry this. They carry the Tyson chicken strips, but they're not even the same league. No. This stuff is great. Well, definitely have to try it. And I just wanted to thank you, Neil. You definitely keep me going during the day between 10 and 2. OK, keep it up. All right, thank you. And the diet too. OK, we have an open line of bread. I mean, you people out there have died down a lot for you over the years. Oh, well, of course not. But I mean, least I show up here every day. I would seem to me that because I turned on the bed in Jerry's to fish food. All of us good stuff, poker burgers. Just one time. Just this one time. I would like to find out where I can get my Tyson season beasters because this today, when I discovered this, I thought Jesus got all mighty. I've just discovered the answer to all my actions problems. Here's something like really satisfying. You know, because I'll be honest with you. There's not that much like when you're in a car. You're, what do you even have? Slim Jims. How many goddamn Slim Jims can you just, you know, maybe you can stick with it in your vacuum and one in your post at the same time? But those things get a really tired and old. This stuff is juicy and tasty and there's all kinds of stuff you can do with it. Like, uh, if you like, oh, seriously, you can put cheese on it and put it in the microwave or you can put vegetables with it, whatever you like, great stuff, Tyson season beasters. I'm going to make this bigger than all the other stuff put together. If we can only find word to put, get it. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm go to college right now and have a professor that talks about you all the time. I was wondering if you actually knew him personally. And what's his name? Set the Brampton. Never heard of him. Really? Because I mean, this is second year of how to many talks about you constantly. Well, he's not lucky. He's obsessed. Pretty much isn't. Great. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Right. Okay. Well, this is the way he says. He's not like a genius to me. Right. Oh. Okay. We have an open line in day. Neil is, make no mistake about him. Yeah. Right. You hear that on issue? Let all the experts stop there. worry about Monica and the stay down the dress and the constitution and all the other BS. Okay. And Jesus and Moses and Abuta and Joseph Smith, all those other butterflies. Let those people worry about that stuff. We worry about the good stuff like God damn fish food and then when you've had enough fish food to make your fat as a pig, which believes me, then you move over to Tyson's season D strips. Oh, man. I'm dying for it. I want it bad right now and the B strips too. I want my meat. Where we going? Okay. Two open lines in day five six seven over was that some kind of a spick. That was some kind of a spick but none of the stick joke. Oh. Five six seven over five 60 and past five 60 on the 18 team. Barbara, have it on the entire old joke. So old that even I'm not old, no matter if you remember it. Here is North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I found the Tyson meat in a high park. High park market where there are not many of them. I think we've been heard of it. There's one on the 79 tree cause. Why not pull it all the way down there. I like it. There's one in there. One in there's one on US one. We would probably would bullet Barton share not how it would. How he would bullet Barton, Timbrook. We have them. What I wanted to do is I'm a big fan of yours and I've listened to you for years. And I was listening yesterday and I heard somebody was going to send you a copy of an article about Phil and a harassment suit. Right. I was wondering if I could get a copy of that. I don't have it. They never send it. Well, when you get it, is there a possibility? I mean, getting a copy from you? No. How are you going to do that? I'm like, what am I going to start faxing them out now? I'll read it on the air. Okay. Great. Fantastic. Okay. Thank you. I'll see you. Okay. We have an open line in two open lines in date. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, six, three, on the AT&T Wireless line. Hyde Park. How long has Hyde Park ever heard of that? Did you? The supermarket? Yeah. I mean, I know where Hyde Park is, but he's talking about the supermarket chain. I never heard around. Around where? Not by me. We had one across the street from the old radio station. That's the one who's, oh, that place, that place. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I went in there a couple of times. Yeah. Okay. What was the chain that that used to be? Always grand union. Remember grand union? Oh, go on. Long long. Yeah. Back when I lived in Kendall over there in the town gate. Grand union was right across the street on the quarter of sunset. And whatever, one, oh, seven. What? Grand union. I'm saying listen, I got a good memory. How about the A&P? Wanna go to A&P? How about the Wegmans? Oh, no, that's not that I'm sorry. How about taking away? How about Ralphs? Yeah, we just, you know, out by me, I love my, uh, oh, and speaking of my public saw grass, I had made a note to ask this question. Okay. This is bothering me tremendously because we were talking today about how boring it is here and how the number two tourist attraction in the whole state is the saw grass mills outled mall. I would like to know because I know that most of the people would go there and not listening to the show because most of notes picking was in most of the more illegally aliens anyway. But what, what is the attraction? Is it hog and down? No. And you can buy that watery ice cream, any gas station you can buy hog and that's the attraction? No. Is it, uh, what, what is it? The sunglasses hot? No. What, what kind of stores? What kind of magnet, magnet? What, what is the, seriously? Stop and think about that because anytime you try to get near that place, you got a park five million miles away. You're walking, you're walk by the yellow two can or the purple pen went or whichever entrance it is. And you finally get in there and you look around and it's, uh, is there anything in there of worthwhile? No. I haven't seen it. There must be an orgy place and there's somewhere in the back. I don't know where the hell it is, but, uh, God. There's got to be something spectacular going on in there because I haven't discovered it yet. Number two tourist attraction in the whole state. It's right by my house. I watched and build a goddamn thing from the ground up. And I would say that since they opened, I've been in there maybe, how many years ago is that? That's got to be like seven years ago. I've been there maybe 15 times and average of twice a year. Maybe that's an exaggeration maybe ten times. What is the attraction at the saw grass in acquiring mines? Wanting to know anybody know? No. I've got you down. So you're a freaky chick with lots of piercings and you like to wear leather pants too. And of course, you like to dye your hair a lot of different funky colors until recently. You see, all that dyeing is it rotted your roots and now you're sporting that I'm a rebel bald look. But since we know you like to dye your hair so much, we've developed an all new hair dye for you. It's called crotch coloring. Sure, not everybody will see your new bad jobs. But for those lucky few, they're in for a real treat with all new colors like crabs, red. I just blew and now it's your turn. And of course, everyone favorite piece your greens, crotch coloring using good taste. Okay, what 30 is five, 60 WQM. We thank profusely not those people that are calling Georgia 50,000 of them off the year. Telling in that, you know, I can find my Tyson season beefs, distipped in like the freezer compartment. I know what part of the store to find them. I'd like to find out which store's got it. I know where to look for it, okay? And the meat too. What a bunch of, Jesus. How I'm looking at frozen the food section. We have an open line in days five, six, seven, five, six. I was in that public last night. I'm looking, I'm scouring. Every kind of Tyson chicken key. I've chicken this chicken quote on blue chicken crap. I mean, air and we did the have the beef strips. No, come on get with it all my buddies out there. The public should have the songwrest for quite a lot. I always depend on them. They have everything you could ever want an insong. But do they have my TMI Tyson season beef strips? No. Get with it. Order me 20 or 30 cases. Come on, I'll even pay for them. Well, here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. New. Yes sir. I find myself being very, very pumped. Yeah, no kidding, sounds like it. I'm just, what does that mean? I'm full of myself. Yeah, great, okay. Go take a good, you know, get rid of some of it. Okay, we have an open line at Brown or five six seven. He said he was full of envy believe him, okay? As in, okay, where were we going? Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. I do a deal. Okay, he was great. I don't know if I could be as pop as a Zachive. But then he was full of envy believe it. He sounded like an ulcerately try. He sounded like Dick's fatherly. That's another Dick. Could you read me that memo that with tough new programming changes there? No. So, it's a similar rating. Okay, I saved that thing. I couldn't believe it. Rimmer and John David to the level of clock on Sunday night. Yeah. That's prime time, huh? Oh yeah, well, that's the time that they belong on here. Like real late. Yeah, papa papa papa papa. I heard the audition tapes for that show. Oh, yeah. Did Rimmer get a word in that twice? No. Rimmer's rumors. I can't wait for that part of it. Yeah. I'm going to tell you by the way, the guy that called yesterday to range your friend that was given me a song of the answer about watching a range of games. You know, Sam Rosen's okay. I'm not a big Sam Rosen fan. He's okay. But quite frankly, he doesn't do the game anyway. John David's never takes a breath. He has a running dialogue that goes from before the game starts to long after the game is over. Papa papa. And Sam Rosen might as well not even be there because he doesn't give my chance to get forwards and edge wise. Well, John David, you know, he's a real insider. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's with the team there. And you'll discover that 99% of his information is a pile of crap. He's in the room. Yeah. And another thing, you ought to be in the weight room a little bit. Get some of that extra fluff. A flap off of there. Any top five music list? Yeah. Isn't complete. Yeah. Without 301 at it. Okay. Okay. How much is your favorite say that? Get out of here with that crap. I'd rather go to 711 and 311. We have an open line of day two and a row or five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty, out of the eighteen, T wireless line. If we discovered one story yet, that's carrying my Tyson. No, no, they're telling me, oh, look at the frozen food to book. Oh, no, I was, but you want? Real thing, publics here and there, but publics where? Del Rey, one guy. Oh, I'm going to Del Rey Beach to get my meat. There you go. You can't beat the meat in Del Rey Beach. It's against the law. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60. We pay for it on the AT&T wireless line. Just one time, I asked the audience for some information. I'm always disseminating the good information about where to find the good stuff. One time, and do I get an answer? Oh, why do I get an answer? Oh, why do I get an answer? Oh, I'll tell you why because they heard me talking about how great it is. And they want to hop it all up for themselves is what they want to do. They don't want to share theirself. You're saying one of them shows, which is what I had in mind. Where are we going? Here's North Miami. Hello. Neil, how are you going? Okay, sir. You got your top three songs. I think I got a song number four for you. You might have forgotten about it. I mean, you want to your favorite. How about the heartbreak, John Gibson? Oh, yeah, that's good. Well, that's in the top 25. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Another thing I was going to tell you something about high parts. Those used to be pantry fried. Pantry fried. That's what it was. Boy, there's a fancy price. They sure were filthy. And kind of high price. Yeah. But you know, at the reason I know about granny and my dad was a meatcutter for like 25 years. A granny and a tele finally retired. They just closed up down here. They still have a lot of stores in New York and New Jersey. Well, fact that's where their main offices. I think parameters. That's where he gets to. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, my God. Yeah. What have they got on the here? Yeah, really. Oh, you know, you were talking about Lou Christie. Oh, I can. You know, you should rip him all the time. But what if you know, great beat thou. Yeah, how do you like that? Look what happened to Greg. You down now. Okay. He's waiting tables at some feedback restaurant in Hollywood. They still in country kitchen or somewhere. And he had the audacity to rip Lou a little Christie. That that shows what goes around comes around man. Exactly. All right. Have a good one. Thanks. Good news. No wonder Greg had so many problems. Okay. You audacity to rip Lou Christie. Greg. Oh, this guy going to me started. Let's put a filter. The bugman on there with his. We have an open line and proud one in date. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T. What was that we have an answer yet for me on my meet. A real answer. No. Do we. No. What is it? No. No. No. No. No. I can't believe you people. I ask you one very simple question. I throw little ass systems. Little help. Something that's great. Delicious. Melt in your mouth. You see. Not like anything else you're prepared in the microwave. I mean, just melt in your mouth delicious. Got plenty of nice spices on it. Got some taste to it. And like I said, they know where to find it. They're just all out there hopping up right now. Never find another box of that if I look to be 500. Plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing now? Okay. Give him a hell. I'm giving him hell. Oh, yeah. This is 10 cents. Next we're the most. We're going to wind up anyway. Yeah. This is 10 cents. I sent to that parody. Okay. Have a got to it. You had 10, but don't call me here. We, the outlets. You know what I hear it. Okay. Call me yesterday. I asked me the same thing. I'll get around to it. Okay. Tim and the fact that you're calling me every day. Ask me to get around to it. The answer is, oh, I got it right. Here's a matter of fact. That was preparing. It wasn't a good tomorrow morning. But the fact they called me. Every single day. Asked me that question. We got a lot of very short phone calls. You believe that? I told them. I would get to it. We were working at Zanflota at check for my Tyson season B. Street, which I'm sure that probably got line lines of 4, 5, 600 people at every supermarket in this town now looking for it. And the meet too. Come on, Tim. It caught me a little slack there. Will you please give me a break? Come here, little. That's enough. 22 before 2 is 5 60 WQA. And where's my meet? I can't take too much, but I'm... You try out my ass. That's for Annabring us. Loomy to the can. I'm far around my soft past. I'm a wild man. I'm her character. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. You want a dog? I can't take too much, but I can't take it that far. I asked for a trouble, that's true. And especially, sore-bas all. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I'm a wild man. I can't take too much, but... Yeah. You heard 13%, no. That looks crazy. Man, that's just gonna perk up my whole day. for hours now in search for it and the epithm's meat too. Here's a lady in the pepper pine, shall I? Yes, man. I know. I suspect our loved you have been listening to you for 20 years and you're the greatest. Of course. And I just came back from Cooper said a on Griffin of Prime Avenue. Right. In Albertans. Albertans. Yeah. And Lord, behold, is what you're talking about in the in the uh, folks and food on the very top in the corner is the is what you're wanting. Oh, thank God. And I just came in some of them and I got one two cups I heard you're talking about. I'm Martian Albertans as soon as the show is over. Great. You're wonderful, Leo. Thanks, you're making. Bye. Bye. Bye. How do you like that? Albertans. I never thought about that. I mean, Albertans is fine. They're open 24 hours most of them, right? So now I what I'll probably do a speaker there about two o'clock in the morning and then just load up a whole cart with this stuff. Just load up tons and tons. I'm telling you if it wasn't really spectacular, surprisingly shockingly good, I wouldn't even waste my time talking about it. But I better start reverse psychology now because now that they know what's in Albertans all the like I said, I think it sucks. You know, it's not really all that good. I think I'll overplayed my hand. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. You prompted me to call that Lou Christie song with the drop-in. I thought I was going to wet myself. Yeah, I thought this is the whole thing. The guy who called and said it was full of himself, I think he was doing an album, Birken Prash. Oh, someone I want to? I guess. And the weather reason why I called was the pantry prior to cross the street there. You were talking about how dirty they were and how they went. I worked for 18 years when I used to work across the street, I used to send some stuff over once in a while for you. The biggest problem of that company is when I started with the back of every 70s, 600 stores and they drove themselves out of supervisor after everybody was a boss. Really? And they all went to the back of the street. Yeah, but the problem is the people who actually did the work, they hired very few people to actually do the work. And a lot of supervision and they drove freelanders. They don't be diplomat and we tell them how long they'll go. Right. Who owned them originally? Yeah. And they drove themselves out of business. And they used to be food fair before that. Right, food fair. Now we're bringing food fair with the original fair and you're right. Right. And then they turned into that gourmet food store. You mentioned it a couple of years ago. I forgot to name them, but like a guy's name, or hairs, or some baloney. Right. That's all here, whatever. And then now it's hard park. And I love that that I love that Lucrisy song, but that was the funniest thing I've heard. And then closing. That's the stop-back to you. Yeah. It's worth calling. So listen to George talk about what he was doing with his girlfriend in the bedroom. I'm right. I enjoyed it. Okay. Thanks Neil. Yeah. Okay, we have an open line in a date. All three and borrowed dried up and the reason for that is all of Broward is out there scouring the supermarket. Now you're bastards trying to steal my meat. Come on, believe me, believe a little meat for me. Will you please? That's what I always say. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Albertson. Why is that? It's just one of those places that ever comes to mind. There's an Albertson's right in fact. They're all over the place. There's the one on University in Davy there. There's one is there one on Oakland Park Boulevard. Like, uh, yeah, this one over there by the public already said it one in September, times. I'm not going to Pembroke Pines to buy meat. You'll be on your way there on Saturday. Today is Thursday, Mr. I'm going to wait until Saturday and addition to which I'm going to how about if I just take it to the hockey game, okay? I'll just start out in my lap. What are you doing with that meat in your lap? I'm just throwing it out. Tell us, Rod with you. I got to rush from that appearance. Maybe we'll just say when we go to the shelves. Hey, you must have an oven there in the back. Just keep this up for us. He'd have my meat. That's an idea. Here's my M. I. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I found a place for your little Tyson strips there. Really? Yeah. Cosco, my M. I'm a lake. Cosco, and my M. I'm not going to my next time. It's not that far. My M. I'm a lake. My M. I'm right off the planet of right off the hill highway there. Right off the palm metal. Do you have any idea where I live? I live in the West Broward. Look at that far from the station. Oh, yeah. That's true. Well, we got, you know, we do have a wind this year up here. Very dark complex and neighborhood on the way up toward the turnpoints. Oh, you don't want to go there. No, I don't. You're right. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. These people have got me going to let's see. Where am I going? I'm going to Miami Lakes. I'm going to the 79 Street Causeway to Hyde Park. How about like somewhere in like West Broward would be good. I mean, we got 50 million. We got that huge wind this year. I'm not real road. We got 55 publics at every street corner. We got the out while she straight me all the Albert's and they must carry it. So that's the first reading thing about shopping for anything. As you go to a supermarket, you find something you're reading like and then you find out that a lot of other stories don't carry it. What do you have with them and digs across from top of the park as it? Yeah. And what am I going to do? Buy it on the way up to the track Monday night. I'll go up to the track. And I'll buy a whole bunch of it and then I'll give it to the kitchen and say, hey, heat this up for me. Okay, please because I'll use that. Oh, this will be good. I'm sorry. Pomp and oh park. There you go. On drive it to Miami Lakes. Then I'm going to Pomp and oh park. The end Delray Beach. We got they got it up there in Delray Beach. Jacksonville, they got a ton of them meet up there. God am I going to be a busy camper before this week is out, huh? I may have to take a few days off just to go on a little shopping trip. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T line. We got no for line and Broward date counting not planned right now. They're all dead. Come on. It's still two with 5 60 WCW and where do you find it? Captain right where you got it. Oh, for straight you. 5 60 Q 8 L. Hey, you. Fuck you. Hey, tell. Prevent number 7248 of a poisonous song is alone. Specialty for the lady in your life. By Joey Lewis. L. L. When I hear you I say. Oh, my love songs. Be yours, lady. Always different. By the love, my dear him sells. If you're a little different star at their dinner, Jerry Lewis. I feel his your neighbor, lady. Love song. L. L. L. L. L. A cross by big red red. It's an amazing company of 728 love songs. Be your lady. Oh, this is the remastered at all performed by the master. Super star, Jerry Lewis. I'm Jerry. But he to join me on K. Tell. Right. I think they are very special. New little beautiful lady. You're the fist arrow Smith Plotty. I. And you look like a lady. I. And you look like a lady. Jerry. Now let me know. Ready. With a arid. We. We. And. Ellen, where do you think never sounded better? That ain't no way to see the way. And let's be Jerry's dancing in the interpretation of the super hit from the king of funk. I'm a lady with my wife today. Delay me to do.