Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. Talk to Neal, call 567-0560 toll free-brington-brower in 45560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal his guests call her sir. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM these re-read acquisitions or the measly broadcast group. Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM, Excited you first, sir. Come on. Here we are, so fast and full. He still has not any fast. Oh yeah. So, what's the box from a wall on his back? Put the system on him, pull it. Stay calm, don't sit there, pull it. Put the news, the third guy, man. He's so man to do it. Oh, don't get you, just like that is done. Just in you, just like that is done. Who put you throw the radio and hate me like that. You can't keep out of business. Go be the right way back. You'll bring your life to business. But with the count of all bullets, but not the news, the third guy, man. It gets him off the TV. But in you, if the third guy, just in you, if the third guy, just in you, if the third guy, doesn't use the third guy, and the third one, he'll be through it. 10 or two, five, six, you're going to have a Friday to the lynching is underway in Washington. There you go. The page, there, Henry, he's hiding it. Bob Livingston, by the way, screwed around on his wife, numerous times, the incoming speaker of the house. Bob Livingston from Louisiana. That's right. He's not a no plan to resign. He never lied under oath, and but a beat by the boat, but a lot of up and it's set up and so on. Although one of his colleagues last night said, which I thought was kind of a proposal. He did lie. He took an oath of marriage and lied about that. But hey, that's a whole different feather of another row. What is it? So here's another, a Philan row up there, Henry, hiding out the lynch mob and Washington today. And at the meantime, we'll read about a bunch of stupid ball games. You know what I'm talking about, do you follow? I'm saying, now, can that possibly be who you thought it was? And how come it doesn't say it on there anymore? What happened to that call, George? What happened? With what? With the call, Hollywood that you thought was Andy from Hollywood. Oh, thank God for that. Wouldn't that be something if was that Jack asked? I'm calling right out of the box. Hey, the word yesterday, Andy was, you understand, and any line would just about? No, no, no, nine. No, yes, no, no, no. That's it. We don't want to talk yet. I want to see how to want to hear from you. You make me want to puke. Okay, almost as much, but not quite as the lynch mob that's going on up right now. You are witnessing, by the way, the dissolution of one of the two major American parties right before you rise. So maybe in the midst of all of this mayhem and lunacy and all the very, very hysterical crap that's going to go on for several hours today, leading up to a vote either late today or tomorrow, which already is a four-gone conclusion that probably all four of the articles of impeachment will pass since it's just a little bit on the partisan side. You're watching the dissolution of the Republican party. They just don't get the message. They refuse to get it. Tom LaHaze got them all whipped in the shape. And they're all immediately saying, yes, yes, yes, whatever you say. Okay. And here's this fat cow hypocrite standing up there, Henry and his hide. Gordon leading it off, talking to China, giving us a big song and a dance about the, you know, purge of the under oath. And but a bit, and the meantime, here's a guy that broke up a family that's a, a, a, a landwerfer. And in fact, I think that all of them all four hundred thirty five members of the house and then all hundred members of the Senate ought to have to go under oath. Interegation about every detail of their sex life that anybody wants to ask. Well, let Larry Flint just like in that movie, huh? He can be the judge. That's right. Just like in the guy named Larry Flint movie. Since it was hospital magazine that outed Bob Livingston by the way, whoo, on Larry. But just thank the Monius hypocrites just like I told you. We'll be at the borders in plantation where that sunrise tomorrow on sunrise. Boulevard out there in West Broward from noon to two for our Senate one, which were over not just a hundred thousand, but over 101,000 101, 375. We thank you profusely and let's keep that rolling long right through the end of the month. You got only knows where we can, you know, plan it wind up with that damn thing, right? Yeah, only knows. So we're doing swimming well. All the way, we'll say this. Oh, not in the same category with baldy. Every time you pick up you to this paper, every day of your life, business man moved by spirit of giving says the Harold. Hi, Pinga and Elmore donated total of 1.35 million more donations this time to, see, high pinga his wife, Marty at his sports team, the dolphins are donating a million. $500,000 to Jewish Federation of Broward, 250,000 to the greater Miami Jewish Federation, and 250,000 to the Jewish National Fund. How do you like that? Now, where's the thing about how many trees that they're going to be able to build over there? Like an additional 10,000 trees that they're going to be able to plant and Israel something like that? Are you excited about their building 10,000 more trees that are planting? Oh, and I've always told it. There's only one strip of desert that's worth fighting over and that's Vegas. Not that piece of crap in the over there. So it just goes on and on. Every time we're in a course, he's only worth over a billion dollars, most of which he's extracting from your pockets, by the way, but nevertheless. And oh, yes, I did hear coming in this morning. I heard the amusing commentary about how the local sports franchise is well understand. How much money to take an out of your pockets? Is that why Jaldi, each and every year in their existence, the a panther ticket prices have gone up, is that the answer why? So that those tickets in the lower bowl are now a very, very modest, fifty seven dollars a ticket. Yeah, so that you working class people can come up and enjoy that real great, the great values are not good food, too, right? That real good delicious food. That's very fairly priced in my right. Oh, so there you go. As the assumption continues and it never stops. And of course, the sports nerds out there, they can't be worried about dropping bombs on Baghdad, about the Lynch mob that's going on on Washington right now. We're not concerned about those things all are concerned about is the who's going to win the game and will like cover the spread. Isn't that the important thing in life? Thank you. Just checking in, just want to make sure I understand. Pop this thing. I'll pop John Congress for a second or two in there. And let's see what the, the Sting Bridge membership on this side. I'm pleased now to recognize our minority leader, the distinguished gentleman from Missouri. Oh, he's a great gentleman. He's a great gentleman. It's very, very, very, very, very soon. Hi, proven, leading us to this. It's a great honor. It's wrong. He's about what do you say 400 times he said it was something like that. Okay, that's enough. So today, I thought being the beginning of really moving into the holidays now, it's the 18th of December. Is Chris going out today or doing, oh, in the event, we don't know you. I mean, now that we got over 100 grand and now he's probably got several phone numbers. I would assume that probably those guys are much more interested in getting laid. And then they are going out and raising more money for us, but we appreciate their help profusely. They really, that really worked, uh, luck and charm. And maybe he will be going out today. I have no idea. I don't know. Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself. I could have said. I could have said. I could have said. I could have said. There's nothing they say in Congress when they do the, yes, it's in the nose and that is saying yes. They also say. I could have said. I could have said. What's going to show you how silly it all is. You know what I mean, why can't they at least come into the, uh, 18th century? Looking at some of you says you feel pretty good today, you say, I guess so. It's just stupid. It just, it just a bunch of bullcraft. And of course, you all understand what I'm talking about, don't you? That's the American fucking way. Right. That's right. It's all about your horsecraft. So there we go. But we are dropping a bombs are bursting in air. I'm going to get rid of the stone age. We're hitting the targets. We're doing a spectacular job over there. But we've got to get this thing rolling. Don't you understand we got to get this thing on because God forbid that that thing should drag on for a few days. And then you got your Christmas and new years. And then we got that next time. So representatives, which is going to have five fewer Republicans. And if that would make a difference. And by the way, many of the more right wing Republicans are going to be out. And also some of the right wing senators. And that's one thing to keep up in mind. Uh, Al Demato. He's going to be gone. He's been replaced. And others of his look have been replaced in the new. Even though the numbers are still the same in a Senate 5545. Some of the more right wing anti-clinton people are gone. Like Al Demato, who just keeps coming to mind over and over again. I just mentioned that for those people who are panicking. Those 10 people out there who might care. So we'll just do kind of like a holiday show today. We'll play a lot of stuff. Or we could put this stuff on. I don't know if it's some of it. I can't go one of the inconvenience from Missouri. Come on. Our young people are in. Okay, that's enough. We could pot that up. I'm sure that the all new stations probably play on that. Or else most people are planted right in front of their TV set. So if I probably, you know, present them with alternative today. Instead of just potting up this pond versus debate in which we already know exactly what they're going to say. Depending on which party they're from. But we'll find out. We'll take a little survey on that and find out what the audience wants to hear today. The one here more of this. And the decision has been made. Or do they want to hear people or say, I'll see you Rogers God. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there with you. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. We'll be there. Alpha, lead. Make me proud. Our future is still long. Fantasy, GetSoCoCaptions Together. Let's see what the father wants to call us.挑ers. Run! The next of your palms is written on spots. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. He has a friend on me. That's okay. Of course, he do understand this is not about sex. We do understand it's not about sex or long about it. Because certainly he could have just sat there. Oh yeah, she gave the best hat I've ever had in my life. There you go. One of those kids 22's where they say, Gotcha. Okay. We got you. And now we know you're going to be forced to lie. And then we're going to say, well, guess what? Lying about that. All of a sudden we just decided to say an impeachable offense. Is there anybody in their right mind who really believes that? No. Of course not. Of course not. Was it a crime against the government against the people against anything? Was it a course? No. Did anything to do with the conduct of the government of this country? No. Of course not. Everybody knows that. So here we have a Republican party, distracting itself to which I say, Oh, there's self-destructing. They're emulating themselves right there in front of your place. And they can waste the next five or six months with impeachment trial in the Senate, which you can bet your last dollar. We will go through that. And it'll be even, I'm sure more upon to risk than the OJ thing. It'll be going as if you have all these housewives, something to do every day anyway. So they just watch in the soaps and Bob Barker who's getting re-old and right here. You'll have something else to do. And I'll be sitting here and talking to myself. Of course I'm used to that. We'll probably do that today anyway. Don't you think? I don't think so. Because everybody's watching dickhead part and all these other dicks up there. And they're screaming and they're yelling and they're pontificating. They're all pissed off and fired up and the filming at the mouth. And while he's speaking, everybody on one side gets up and they're getting a misunderstanding of all these people. And then when Henry Hyde was speaking a moment ago, everybody on the other side was good. And thank God. Remember the very first day when we're holding the House Judiciary Committee here. The very first day when John Coniors in Henry White here at Hyde, Strat there and talked about how we guarantee you that there's not going to be any political partisanship in any of that. Right. Now, seriously. We all don't we all believe that that there wasn't any political partisanship involved in any of this. Because it's not so important for that. Here's a derail. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Hey. How are you? Okay. This is Mark and Jerome. Can we say hello? Yeah. What do I start? Probably it's the beginning would be good. That's all done. There's two. A lot of. I congratulate you for your efforts here on Senate 1. You'll always do a good job every year. And not too many people actually do something for the community. You actually do something. Yes, I do. And I found out. And then in the middle of the day, I got a little in the middle of the day. And that's okay with me. By the way, they're done at the color of its mall today. They do have a QM van down there. And Chris is working feverously to get some more dates. A color of its mall. And we'll tell you exactly where a little while. And I find myself, I found something about myself. Yeah, that must be a mindless lemon because all I do is keep repeating things that you play on your show from like like the 99 yards and yesterday. I found myself going to the location. You're in the brand. You know. They're doing it all over the town man. That wouldn't be surprised if they get hard when he finishes with this piece there. He's going to say. It works for the notion in the basket. And all those right wingers are going to look like, wow, what is that? They're speaking in code again. Now let me ask you. I mean, I mean, I don't think it is so hilarious. I found it freaking when you first play at the stupid. But you know, the more you listen to it, the more they want your head. Really good. So it's a great thing in the history of the women. It's an awesome opportunity to embarrass you. Anybody who doesn't get that doesn't have enough IQ to be listening to the show. They should immediately find some other hobby to undertake. They don't if they don't get it good by. They know, but yes, you've something to do with that. They think else one more time it's going to be a very, it's already been a long call, but it's going to be a much shorter call. I already changed that name years ago because I don't like it. And only my close personal friends, even they don't call me that. Only my mother who can be very annoying only she calls me. Okay, I'm going to the other day I had to, I hadn't heard of him in a while and you had played something. Are you sure? Yeah. I don't, if someone bought that bottle of bills, he was singing a song. Oh yeah. That was Booker, Mark Booker, Bell of Bell, Monty. You don't remember he used to do that? I remember all during the football segment. The Booker Bell Monty reported me Friday. Could you meet two, two favors? Yeah. Could you play that and also the Elvis wishes you the hall, you know, the hall. Okay. Okay, sure. All right. Now, two open lines and Dave Wood and Brad Boyce. So hot in here, we could defy eggs right on the table. In fact, I could take the rest of my Tyson beef strips and the cooker right here on the counter. Boyling in here. Why is that? I don't know. It's fine in here. I think it was of the sun. I love the black stuff from the TV on my windows. You're in a greenhouse. Yeah. In a hot house? Like a hanging in a hot house? Okay. Where we going? Let's take you through your four calls today and then get on with it. Let's get on with the good stuff. Oh, by the way, here's representative A. So Hutchinson from Arkansas. So Speaker, I support the resolution. Okay, get them off of the okay. Sounds like a real redneck to me. Of course, he's from Arkansas. Of course, ain't the president from Arkansas. Well, hey, nobody's perfect. He can't help it. Here's a mobile in your dear field, Ella. Mobile in dear field. Going once. Going twice. Can they get it on their post? Can they spit it out? Do they have the ability to speak? No. Okay. Two open lines and Brad one in Dave. Why do people do that? Why do they waste their time on a mobile phone? And then when I go to them, they just sit there like, like maybe thinking about driving or something. Nice calling sir. Congratulations. This man may actually be paying attention to his driving. Which he's the one. Because everybody else will every other asshole with the mobile out there. Are they paying attention driving? Oh, of course not. Everybody's having a very important conversation. It's like the people with hockey games with their cell phones. Spectacular year. God, are we impressed by that? No, man. I am so impressed. Just like I'm impressed by people who drink so many goddamn beers that they stagger out of there. I think you're ready to do what gets behind the wheel and drive their lovely wife home. Or fiance or both. Here's Miami. Hello. You know how you doing? Great. Great. What up there to know if my any yesterday to buy that CD? Right. The van was great. I've been listening for about two years. I've been moving back to my home state tomorrow actually. And where is that? It's Philadelphia. Oh, that's Edinburgh. I don't know if that's not very good timing. Yeah. Why was anybody move back up there in the middle of December? Yeah. The weather. The weather. The only thing I think Philadelphia doesn't handle. What are you going to do? Head the flyers though. Yeah. Like I said, pretty marginal game last night. Three, three tie with Calgary. I don't know what happened. I was pretty weak. Three in the year. Calgary is three. Ready? Yeah. When I heard Calgary this morning as you. He was talking about stuff. He doesn't know about. These are didn't fight anybody. Okay. Johnson back in your gear. That big kid who's been away for Calgary. He went over to try to protect these Smith because you don't want to get into the fight because you got a real chronic bad back. So, your gear comes out there. He actually goes in there to protect them. And these are come skating. The length of the guys goes up to your and pushes him. And then like runs out of the way like a real pussy. He's a fighter or who's kidding. Oh, right. He's a fighter. That wasn't a fighter. It was a serious push. He just gave my push and ran like I don't look up pussy. Yeah. Exactly. That's that CD of that CD of all was a hilarious. It's hilarious. I get to take it back. The other thing is that that lotion and the back should think is very way you could play that I had my team recorded ready. I got to take that back to Philadelphia. Okay. Thanks for coming. All right. And the lotion too. Good luck, Cal. Hey. Have a great life. Thanks for your help. There you go. You move it back to Philadelphia. We'll sit with some real people in it. 90 sports fans though probably the worst in America. I would say I don't think there's anybody else in the New York fans are pretty up noxious people but Philadelphia. All their sports fans. They blow man. They boo in a scream and they horror. You could hit a home run like nine times in a row. And the 10 time you strike up. They're going to boo you ass right off the field because they're a they're obnoxious. 560 50 50, 560 on a mobile one line. Let's see what ACEs got to. If they're more than 40. Okay. That's enough. Cannot stand red nexon Congress. I mean people that are so obviously red necky red nexon bubble head like Mary Bono. Bubble heads bubble headed for landers. There's another one. We got Mary Bono. Now we got Bob Livingston by the short hairsty. I like the way he says he has had several infidelities. Okay. And then he tries to narrow it down. What do you want? Mom, please. I have an occasion straight for my marriage and doing so nearly cost me my marriage and family. Then he says this chapter was a small bit painful part of the past and otherwise wonderful marriage of 33 years. This chapter. So you see how people conveniently they kind of changed things as they go along. First he starts out by saying he's been screwing around with a whole bunch of broads. Got only he can't even keep track so many. But then he talks about this chapter in his life. He can't be hard. He was young man. Someone is wild. It was only 41 years old when he screwed around with this broad. And lie to his teeth and said that he wasn't married and broke up this guy's marriage. Who lives in Western. That's all it's all about. It is absolutely nobody's got to. In fact, him and he are started out by saying that. That people sexualized and nobody else has got to end business. And this is all that it's about. And then they cornered bubble in there and they put him in a position where there's no way. Just put yourself in that position. You're the president of the government. You're the president of a country. No matter what country it is and you're going to go under oath and they're going to ask you embarrassing personal questions about did you get blow jobs and is that you're seeing it on the blue dress and it's said it went so long. It wasn't good. Was it bad? What are you going to say? No. That's right. You're in tea. Nobody lied under oath. They come into it. Yeah, big deal. They say so what? It's the so what defense. And guess what I say. So what? Oh. But don't confuse these fascists with the truth man because the lynching is well underway. And it will go on for hours and hours and hours and hours and then they'll be voting later on either today or tomorrow. And then like I said for months and months and months you're going to have a lynching on the air. See the one thing about lynch moms they don't wait. That's why they can't wait for a couple of days for the abominion Iraq for that all this, you know, be over with the lynch moms don't wait. When they start to high-preventulating and foaming at the mouth, they want to they smell it. They taste that blood and they want it right now. Like Dracula, he don't wait. As soon as he smells that blood, he's got his teeth in your thing. Boy, it just it's just boiling in here. I will fix it. 26, I mean, I thought I have many times that I come played about it boiling in here like maybe three times in the last year and usually from those pinnily STD people. Oh, very jackass by the way says, whammy is off to a great start because they got the marrom. There you are, you know, Hank is right about you. You're not even worth the space you take up on a planet or the air that you're breathing. You're such a piece of the land of his putsberry. Whammy off to a great start. Yeah. By the way, how many games do he want so far? It's wider, you first clue. Oh, well, buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land and everybody thinks that's really a safe daily. The buffalo feels like a number of what? See what I mean? So just sing a little and you've been my enemy. When you say buffalo, then you're that buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, and you've been dedicated to him and his friend human race, and a buffalo, buffalo, and dedicated to him. Then slide spread and can be it. Yeah, there you go. And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff. Delicited that banjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. When you say buffalo bills, it don't sound so redneck he's doing. Everybody sing along now. How you bill fair? Here we go. When the buffalo bills are the best teams. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times, which is more than I can say, but it's such a fucking business. And they're at the greatest. Because they be like that uniform. They sure is hell. Be sad heck. Kind of having a fish on the helm. Because they're not supple all whole bills. Are you sure? Not fast, but fucking what I ever seen. And the history of my life, they ought to buffalo bills. Not buffalo bills. The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback of the league. Yeah, everybody. Not buffalo bills. They're the buffalo bills. And they've been around, longer than the sinking, rotten fish. Well, they're the buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet a buffalo? A fish? Okay. It's 1032 at 560 WQN. By the way, you're welcome. So anyway, somebody facts. Did you look at this thing? Would the definitions of censure and impeach? And then underneath it, they've written, should Clinton be tried on the Senate and found guilty? What would the results then be? What would the results then be? As the Empire says it first base with a throw beach by 15 feet? You're out. That's the results will be. Only the interesting part of this whole thing is maybe not thinking too clearly. Well, obviously not because when you're ready, but you start foaming obviously you've lost your ability to think clearly. But after February, I'm pretty sure it's after February 1 or February something. At that point, if Goro became president, if Clinton were impeached by and convicted in the Senate, remove from office, and Goro becomes president, he can still serve two full terms. If Clinton were to resign tomorrow, the loss is that he can't do that. He could only serve one full terms as the remainder of this term. But if it's after February, I do believe in certainly a Senate trial is going to take longer won't be over by February. Well, of course not. So, like I said, the Republican Party is like kind of making way for more reasonable people. And to that we say, thank you. Even if it's only by accident, even if you have to take a leave of your senses. Here's a fortmire, as hello. Yes, sir. My name is John Fangir. If it's a sensible Republican, please, I am completely disgusted by the word by Party's doing the built-in. I'm no fan of built-in. I'm some freak. I hate what he's done to my people. I'm a little bit of my friends. But I think it's an absolute disgrace. I think it might be the worst thing to happen to this company's watergate. Maybe he's going to be at an hour. What do you mean since watergate, I think it's the worst thing to ever have out of this country. The worst thing ever? Yes. To be at an hour? That's maybe going a little bit far. But one thing. One question. Next to the civil war, I would say, was the worst thing that ever happened. Okay, I can accept that. One question? One question? Yes. What's this one question? Do you think that the president's are our planes or the planes losing the playoffs? Well, yeah, that was important for health. But if you think that the president's are our planes and missiles over Iraq are directly related to the president's of nerve endings in Bill Clinton's penis. Yes. Thank you. Okay. Whatever that man. Okay. So in other words, he's a very upset with this party, but he's talking about Bill Clinton's penis again. Okay. I mean, didn't you hear the tapes when Monica said, you called that a penis? I mean, what's wrong with you, sir? You're just not the panitension. Like most of your cohorts, you're too blinded by the blight. Does that what manford man said, something about blinded by the blight? And I don't want to hear about what's his name because he makes me sick to my stomach. That also recorded that and, uh, uh, we have an open line and date and one and Broward. 560, 560, pound 560 on the springsteen line. What is this story? It goes to show you anybody can be a big sister. Okay. You can scream and you can wheel. You couldn't sing you out of a paper sack. And you're going to make millions of dollars for it. I would say he's probably got less talent than even Mickey work. Okay. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. That's great. I've been listening you for a year now, since you came on 560, the best thing I've had. This guy dancing. I think I got that. Here we go. Bonner's on Iraq. We got the president's been impeachment, uh, the bait going on and the house to represent it and they're talking about ball games here today and his Danny Marina got a bigger penis than Jimmy Johnson. Okay. I mean, what the hell? Who cares about his Johnson? Right. I don't see the students see these, they're excellent. I picked them up the other day at board. Thank you. I want them to complete that back there. Okay. Okay. I'll work on it. Okay. Okay. The backpipe. We have an open line and I keep these in mind. Okay. I'll try to remember them. And if not open line and it's browned one a day, then don't forget Chris is out there with a QA and band out by the color bridge mall. We'll find the exact location for you. Do we know the exact location yet? Of course not. Because you'll let us know when he gets there. It'll find a good spot. Or all the hot chicks are. And then we'll over a small Monday day. Let me say it again. 101,375. Nice check from Wayne Arnold. By the way, thank you Wayne. If you are confused and think that you're a political expert for Wayne Wayne is a food expert. He knows his world castle burgers and his White House. He's a food expert. Just look at him. It's obvious he's eating the meal or two in his time. You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure you do. But he just wants to be a political or a cramudge. And then he's the thing about Wayne is that he spreads it around. He loves Ted Kennedy. He loves Jeff Bush. He loves Lawton. He wrote a moving piece about Lawton. Charles and the Danio daily. Whatever that is. Fish wrapper. Wayne just he likes everybody. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, three things. When he reminds me of the Titanic. You know like they say that we wouldn't think and what happened. Right. And then you got uh uh I was watching him and he hired with his long-drewing speech. He was drilling a lot. Yeah. Oh my god. He's been looking at that. He's ripping down on the paper. And he's on a girl too. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. And uh and then you get a half as a eight there. Is this the people who were in a wipe-in-offer that got a woman. What an asshole. It's mouth too yeah. Yeah. But you know that is that is really ridiculous and embarrassing. And then all these philanderers up there. The president got blow jobs with a young bimbo who went there to screw around. Who uh you know who told all her friends who's not about a blabbing a jab. Told all her friends she went there with a presidential leap. Who dressed for vocatively. Who's seduced and he could water. He would ice princess that he hasn't screwed in 14 years. And now because he refused to say oh yeah ice screwed around. Like nobody in the world will say it anyway. Now it's impeachable and it's purgery and he's violated his oath under the constitution. And all the all the serious crap like somebody really believes this. That's got a brain. Hey Neil one more. And of course thank god new gangrets never lied before. Oh no he wouldn't do that. No no no no no. One more thing on the limps for us. Yes. One more thing all those guys were calling up a few days ago with these names. They were most of us guys were they were just basically picking up black people. That's how they were doing. Yeah. So that wasn't fair. Okay well let's pick on how about Yitzhok. I had a great day pal. Thanks Bill. Yeah let's pick on some Jewish names today. They will pick on some Latino names on Monday. We want to spread it around. All of it is two that most of the bizarre names are. Short names. I don't know why that is. It's because again that propaganda they've been convinced that it has something to do with African names. And like I said Nelson Mandela is a perfectly reasonable Saudi name to me. If Nelson's good enough for me it's certainly good enough for any sports about their including Nelson Mandela. We have two open lines in day five six seven five sixty it's all request Friday. It's the holidays everybody's in the spirit. Here's our representative Menden does from the church. We have to accept our government in our country. They're Jewish names for that. They're not for their or even their being in a gavel. I could not kind of try and a call ready. You crazy spit back to that's what they're saying. I don't like teaching quiet. And I don't need to listen to Bernie Fag. Bernie Frank crying in my ear because I made a few bucks out of a book. I worked out. This is Debbie. Hello, Debbie. I made a student going through operations. John. Okay. And can body contouring and similar post-action? Mm-hmm. And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many press surgery face gift. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It's wondering. Well I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my. My thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I'm not there. It would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip rosaxing that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Paparol Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'd like to know what's in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me bad? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the沒關係. Oh, Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to the chairman. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to the chairman. Okay. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. Okay. 10. 10. 46. 5. 50. W. So if you thought that was funny. But where do we find these people? Like I told you before. Every time we get rid of one, we find another looter tick to take its place. Neal, let's get the records straight. Now I did not call facts or bother you today. I want to thank you for starting your show and ripping me for no reason. Maybe it'll be better for you when I, the kitchen make up. You know something that's the most revolting thing. I would rather I would rather look out gold stains rectum. Okay. Then kiss and make up with Andy. I'd rather be dead than get anywhere near out gold stains rectum. You asked me not to come over and see you with the hockey games and I stopped. You asked me not to call and I stopped. Thank God. Greg and I are having an, are leaving you a little, are you? Greg and I. How do you like that? Like they're joining the hip. Are leaving you alone and wish to say him from you. I still love you, Andy. P.S. Cynthia said you'll see you on Saturday night, not me. Well, Cynthia, you're a sweetheart. You're okay. But stay the hell away. Okay. Do I want to see Cynthia? No. I want to see Andy. We want to see. Oh, another phone call, another message. Another psychotic piece of behavior. No. No. You have nothing to say. You have nothing to contribute. You have bubble head. You're a stippledon. Does anybody in the world want to speak to you? No. You're sent to these guys. Cynthia needs a pair of glasses. Okay. God. Maybe she just see you'll sorry for you. You're pathetic. You're subhuman. Here's the fact that says what the, what the hell is that guy. Andy's problem. Does he have too much time on his hands? No. We're even getting facts about what an asshole he is. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, God. Every time we get rid of water, they move away or somebody gets him with a butterfly net and sticks him far away from us that they can't bother with anymore. We get another one to replace them. Every single time. There's no shortage of radio misfits out there. That much I guarantee. That's one thing I've learned over the last 200 years. There is no shortage of chronic radio misfits. Like that story he was telling me at the game last week before I realized who it was. About how he called this place to complain that he couldn't hear the station inside the macarina. Oh, by the way, we have an, you know, there are little upset that I keep calling it that in baseball season is long over with nobody cares about mac and agware anymore. So let's call it by the real name. Okay. The National Car Wectal Center. So anyway, it comes over to me and it's telling me about how he called here. And he makes up this story about why you know, when you call QA, you try to get through and get all these extensions and your action of words and all these other people are going to worry. He's telling me this whole big story about how he called here to try to get a hold of the engineer. And I told him our engineer who's a good guy. I've got 50 million different projects that he's got to do all by himself. He's got more important things that I talk out of photo some puddwacker like you about how come you can't pick up the station in the arena. Did you envision it was if you're such a hockey fan if you know anything about the sport. Why would you want to listen to Christina more or anybody else for that matter? Why you're watching a game? See, one thing I'll tell you right now and that is that people who wear headsets to ball games don't know what the hell it's all about. What I used to go to the dolphin games all those years, there were people in front of me and they got their walkman on to get, you know, for what? Why? Right on the 50-yard line. There are these people who had the best seats in the house including me. What's the idea to headset for? You've right there in front of your face. And the same thing in hockey games are these people who are headsets on like Christina Morris, going to impart some educational things. Yeah, something that the light and them about the game that's going to go. I mean, if you're going to learn something from him, then you know nothing. So like I said, I'm going to start on headsets outside the National Car rectal center because obviously most of those people know nothing. Oh, about the game which is why they're doing the wave and they're going to do. Yeah, right. He don't play for us anymore. Oh, don't confuse us. Here's a homestead. Hello. Yes sir. And you've got me in stitches. What a bit. That was funny. Yeah. The ocean in the basket. Anyway. Yes sir. We're happy to see you. We finally signed Ziggie. As a county. We. We. The Irish. Yeah. I got so little publicity. They mentioned that during the game last night during the Philly Calgary game. I didn't even realize it. Well, it was watching that game. A little tiny piece in the paper this morning in the local papers here which give us no hockey coverage. And then you have the Philly Calgary game. And I switched over to the lake in on spot sports channel in the York and they were talking about a little bit. But I tell you one gift for us has been. And it's still on kind of make the play out. You know, you're on kind of make the play out. No change. Also it happens. But anyway, any answer. I mean, this guy is is like God. And he talks about him. Great defense. Yeah. What do you think the maple leaves for that? Exactly. You're welcome. You guys had him. And of course, now we got Kirk Muller here. So. Excellent. Okay. Well, good luck. You know, you need to get out of here. Two open lines in day one and brown. We got the Ziggy Palfi. We the islanders. Is there any islander fans? No. First time. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on a mobile one line. We got more people in this building right now. Then show up in those islander games. Ten or twelve. Here's a full waterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you for years and energy. There's that. We have an abdior geek is from Pennsylvania. That has to be some. And get that off of their dead geek. Go ahead, sir. Houston Packaging is abdicous. I wanted to get your take. Neil. Great. What got's name? Or how and got's name? What in. They're. Yeah. How in his name. Did. Did the Republicans possibly think they're going to get reelected. Or don't think realize that this is going to hurt them in the election process. No. I mean, no. They're not thinking rationally. They're in fact they're all being manipulated by Tom Delay and the right wing extremist in their party. They've been whipped in shape. They've been threatened. They've been intimidated. You notice how in the last time. All conveniently goose stepped right into line. Each and every one of the so called moderates. They've goose stepped right into line. And even that fascist bottom. No vacancy in and last night was saying. This wouldn't be the first time that the so called moderate wing of the Republican party is shocked and surprised and let everybody down. Even though he was, you know, saying it from a different perspective. But nevertheless he's right. You think they just don't. On a Republican. On a Republican. On a Republican. On a Republican. For these days, sir. There is no more moderate Republican party. It's the party of Pat Robertson Jerry Falwell. Richard Vigory. All these lunatics. That's what I can the old day. Here he is. He's probably something like. He's probably the rug. And now I'll think that it's a major issue. Right. Well, anyway, you know, have a great weekend. Just a chance. Can you imagine? I don't know if you're old enough. But you know, imagine. Then taking president Kennedy and putting him. John the on a witness there and saying, have you been screwing around with the Maryland Monroe and with that the bitch Samji and Connor's girlfriend and all these other bimbos and the white of he would have called out the CIA and had them all blown away. Yeah, he wouldn't. They wouldn't have time for that kind of me. He was going to call the guy. Two of us, what he would have done for another bad things invasion. No, down those please. Okay. Thanks, man. Okay. Here's the preview. Okay. We have two open lines and day two and a. And I keep asking. We put this stuff on. We got the pot is working today. Okay. What if the pot is working smoke it? But evidently, they maybe they really want to hear a show today. I don't know. Because I know we're fighting up. He'll do. Because you know America's mesmerized. They're sitting there. Like they're going to hear these people saying something new. I mean, is that a joke or what? I'm going to hear these guys say something. Who they haven't said over and over and over again, making all these impagines. Historical speeches. It's a waste of time. They should limited debate to ten minutes and gone on with the vote. Then it could have gone out and played golf or something for crying out loud. They got laid. Because this is just another exercise. Just like the other hearings were last two, three weeks. Just another exercise. It's all window dressing. It's a side show they're putting on for it. They've already got the votes and they know it. So what does the point of wasting all his time enacting duly outwrages and indignate? One call left on the board. Okay. Like I said, here's Evan Sure. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, did you hear that Congressman from Mississippi's comments last night about the invasion about the bombing of Iraq? No. He said that President Clinton should be ashamed of himself for doing this in the middle of the 2018, and then on the eve of the birth of our Lord and Savior. And I, you know, I almost threw my manure. And don't forget to write it right at our moment. I'm a thing don't. Exactly. Yeah. Hey. Inclosing. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Judy. He said it like Judy. Well she's almost dead. But, let me be a little bit. We have two open lines a day two and a braward. Five, six, seven, zero, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless One. They want us to do a, here's representative Ed Bryan, That capital of the tentacle locked and I will have the morning line odds on impeachment. The meal Roger show now on 560 WPU-A-F Miami Fort Loderdale. Keep the Hoover out the moon, my. You turned. I saw little sister. How do this if you bow? Half-two times. She's busted out. Just had a big three-to-with-beat and rise. It's also on top. It's a mixed-a-spice. Lots of extra-spice. I'll stare the back row with an onion paddock. The scabbler co-seed. Thought I was ready. Why can't I drop for a reason to do? Working on a bow moon. Trying to move some back of a slag so full. Working on a bow moon. It was chasing time. Oh, my. With some nice nature of the nation, thunder. From all the teeth, a siren wanders. Start with the magazine for that day's sister too. You know, we didn't want to bow moon. Because I'm all found out from cheese this turned into glue. Rain for a bow moon. I'm out of paper, can you hear me? I'm out of paper. Down moon. In a fire. I would take so much chance. For a bow moon. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. I want to remember. The waterway to just grab the article. The first time I have some very, very messy diary. And the White House and splattered the presidential sheet. Okay, there's article number five. Yeah, he is so ill to see the presidency. Yeah, it just goes on and on. It is so patently ridiculous on the face of it that even a ten year old child can look at this thing and say, what kind of bunch of garbage this is? What kind of crap is this going on here? A bunch of supposed and intelligent adults here are doing over the president lied about getting a few blow jobs from some Bimbo with their presidential knee pads with their scumbag mother that saved the dress so they could make a fortune from it. With that stain on it, let me say it again. If there was no dress, we wouldn't be in this mess. They'd almost think about that right now. That's what Johnny Cochran said on Larry King overnight. If for that goddamn dress, we wouldn't be in this mess. And Larry said, hey, you want to come back on and show again? No, he said no, he said you haven't stuck my ass in a flurry. 5 6 7 5 6. I think we ought to put this on. Okay, here's some adult and collective gun. He elected the president as our president. This guy can really kind of feel problem. His shortcomings and your fellow. His shortcomings. They need to people elect this. That's the problem. That's why I want to talk about this. That's the shortcoming. And they won't hand the remaining. Yeah, okay, give him off of there. Okay, he's a good guy, but he can't speak. He's another one of your representatives from Joe Jenellis. Okay, he's a good guy. The London dark and plated side. 5 6 7 5 60 very little interest in his show today. They're all watching this craft. We have what are we talking about? 20 30 people. And so we're the Chris wind up busy down there. You had a what? I think they're in round. Oh, they're on route. Probably pick it up a few. Strages on the way on the way to the cutler Ridge Mall. You'll be amazed at how much we're going to raise their percentage. One today down somewhere in that cutler Ridge Mall area. That's where our audience in date County is in color. Are they highly? Oh, they little have been at. Oh, are they in a candle? Oh, not this. You're not a candle. I wonder what that was all about. In fact, let me take a look at the latest. Look at Boka. That's right. One day next week, if we can kind of in a continuing to do this right through the end of the year. We should send Chris is asked up to Boka. Maybe the rest of them too. Boka was the number one border store last week. Here at for Boka, 1980 bucks last week. Just beating out plantation where we'll be tomorrow by the way from noon to noon at Plantation Store. I'm sunrise Boulevard out west. 1980 to 1840 followed by Bointon Beach. The Palm Beach people are coming through, baby. Oh, there you go. We don't hear from them, but they're out there. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. No. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Epic Red Hype mentioned the rule of law may be 25 times. Yeah. I'm wondering, did he mean the German rule of law to Florida's five million people? Twelve million. Yeah. Okay. Or the church rule of law that killed the most people during a crusade. Right. Or the Russian rule of law. Or the British rule of law that are founding fathers throughout the window and over through during our revolution. Yeah. What's up, the rule of law? I don't know if I'll tell you what. Go ask him and let me know what his answer was. Okay. We have one line lit up on the board and that's it. I think we're just going to play stuff the rest of the day. These people have no interest in taking a man. Let's play some brick the holiday schedule. Okay. I pay for Christmas on the wall front. It's your turn to the merry Christmas. And it's time to get you. So what about the beach boys? We're gonna go and settle. Well, way up north, where the air gets cold. There's the tale of how Christmas has evolved. I didn't really think that all that took in with And it's been the boat here. We're gonna have an expensive ship. We're gonna have an expensive ship. And it's a little bit late. Yeah. It's a little bit late. But you're not a good person. You're a good person. You're a pretty apple man. You're a good person. You need to get every kind of stuff's in. You're brought for Christmas. Why do you need to get 1 or 2 crystals in a minute. You're a man who said like, who's unlike the one he's tragically like? And it's one of us. Yeah. Wow. Man goes around to forget what he said Don't mind this. Just fall in tune. No matter what you do, where's the power of the future? Where's the world? You've got a winner, Scott. You've got a really high and anti-fruits. Where's the power of the world? And try to prove it. And prove it. And prove it. And prove it. And prove it. And prove it. And prove it. So I just had Hillary on air and she said it's time to cut the crap because... It works the lotion in the basket. That's what she said. Well, they're starting to drilling again out there today, man. It makes us feel like we're right in the office with our dental paper, which is across the hall. Homey loved early, by the way, they're great. We thank them again for their nice contribution to Senator One. That was really an over and above the Call of Duty. And I actually am going to send them something about how we collected the new year. Maybe some false teeth. Here's a mobile in Boka, hello. Hey, where is the border share in Boka? I have no idea. Because I'm here and I'm only here in business and I want to stop either on my way out. But we'll find out for you. Just keep listening. I'll find out for you in a matter of moments. I appreciate it, thank you. And God bless you. Okay, Boka, our number one store, baby. Boka, we found everybody else. By the way, the grove is missing from here. We report from the grove. Probably with good reason why. Do we know where the abortices in Boka isn't on blades and somewhere? I don't know. I don't know. But somebody will call and tell us, okay. It would be nice if we would have had the address to reach on here on this list. Hey, I know. Now, that's right. You're starting to complain too much, Mr. You're complaining too God damn much. You're miserable, bastard. You know, nitpicking over details. The van is there. The van is at Colorbridge Mall. Actually, at the public three or four blocks south of the colorbridge Mall. On the east side of US1 on 113,000. At the public 113th, we have Southwest obviously. Glades in 441 is the, that's what I said. Glades in 441. I knew the Glades part. And we got the 441. Thank you so much. Glades in 441 and Boka is where you'll find your borders up there. That's our award winning store by the way. Oh, right. That's where all the Yiddler, how are up there and Boka? That's why we're doing so great up there. So the QAM van today raises a lot more money for cent of one is that the public three blocks south of Colorbridge Mall, Southwest 100 on the southwest side of what? Say that again. Say what now? The public is three blocks four blocks south of the Colorbridge Mall right on the east side on the east side of the, of Bixie Highway on US1 on 113rd and 13th Avenue. East side of US1 and 113rd to have the public. And the parking lot there, you'll see the QAM van. You'll see Chris is busy with his little note pad taking down numbers across the street from big gyms barbecue with a big gyms barbecue where they try to suck up some free food. Breadems and say cheese. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, uh, paracazis is on there right now. He said he's coughing some up. There you go. There's teracazis that crazy Iraqi bastard who never told a lie that he believed. Look at that. Sitting front of that stupid flag there with his but a bunch of tents were lunatics over there. I say keep bombin' him until I just can't stand it until I say uncle. Until they go out in the streets and start running around. Until they start digging in the bunkers and find that God and sat him and take care of him. So I just like that it was Mussolini and Italy and hang him from the God damn last life poll if we leave one up. That's what we ought to do. Caracazis is Iraqi deputy prime minister. Patience? Yeah. Mission. But do you, but do I have blow out your ass? Okay. So this is crazy lunatics. We got to waste all these millions and billions of dollars because we have to keep bombing them into a, you know, submission for a few months till I start building the crap all over it. I say this time, let's bomb him and make sure that they never have a chance to start building crap again. Let's, nukam, I say, let's fly on. Oh! By the way, do you know they put the mayonnaise on. Okay, thank you and we say, oh, that. Very well said. I vote for this guy for president, okay. After they knocked bomb his ass out of there where it's working on feverishly. Let's put that guy in there. He said, let's blow their, oh, he's what he said. He said, it's going to take more than one shot. What he said. Opalina date. Look at how we got calls on there. Now these people think they're getting hockey tickets. Well, I do have this pair actually having charges with this. I got him. What happened to the other? Oh, there it is. Got good Murphy's picture. How do you do the on the ticket this one? Panthers in the oil is front row seats. Roll a one seats nine and ten feet. One thirty three. Where's one thirty three? By the way, trying to think where that would be on in one one. Maybe it's like right across for me. One thirty three or maybe it's like way down in the corner. I have no idea where that is. Hmm. Well, you wouldn't know if you ever been in there. You haven't been in the new arena yet. The National Correctal Center. You'll be in there. You'll go some advance to a country. Yeah. You'll be in there. You'll go some advance to a country. Yeah. You'll also go to a hockey game sometime. I might. You've been before and after that if somebody came up with three three. Take it for you. Yes. It's eleven twenty six and five sixty WCWM. I don't mind. Wow. Wow. Wow. No, sorry. I'm sorry. A lot more than four. They say they're weapons. The National Correctal Center. I think we're certain. A couple of mega-tons. Bombing rock. In the Gulf of Hoss. Very powerful hood. I think it's time to give us butterwood. So it's time to know those people. So bombing rock. Bombing rock. Till there's nothing left to speak. Bombing rock. Till seven six feet deep. Back to the bombing rock. But the right sound is for an idiot. You're the one who's the queen. I'll be around. All right. And there's a man who's got to go. And he's got to go. And he's got to go. And he's got to go. And he's got to go. And he's got to go. If we land in this world. We're gonna be with. That's all. Stop it. Let's cut off the more pieces. Here I'm. And bring it to an end. I'm here. Who's all in love with you? I'm here. I'm not gonna see anything. It puts an emotion in the basket. Oh my god, look at that. Well I didn't leave enough. I'm having my Tyson beef strips. Oh god those are good. I'm gonna stop talking about because luckily my publics at the sodgrass. Thank you very much. Oh, it's stuck it up on these like crazy. So there's never any shortens when I go in there. Or maybe you people are just too stupid to start eating this stuff because god is it good? Hmm, man. This is the same beef thing using all their um what you're calling stuff. You know the meat where they put in would be uh with the vegetables and all that stuff, the stir-ficed stuff. Oh, god you must have a little cheese on there and the best thing is you slice them onions in there too. And you have a little meat and then you've had an anacons delightment fills you up and it's delicious. I actually got some goddamn taste of it as opposed to all that other shool other. It's eat on the atkins. So anyway Steve from a pastry lane bakery shop that brings us our home and touch near the year at the prong time call these a great guy. Saw my dog in a couple of weeks ago. I don't Steve. He called off here to try to scam these hockey tickets in a parking pass. Hey Steve the answer is but nice drive. Hey, he's a good guy but I can't do that. I finally will go by the later. It's bag dead 734 pm. It's nice home. You're not in love. There's that god damn allotry head terracazes sitting there lying to his teeth. That's a bit bad. We never stole a freight train. That's bad. Yeah, right. And the meat time there's traffic. They're driving around because they're waiting for that big moment. Which it'll be you know anytime now. We'll have what's your name back again? What is your name? Who is the Anna Amman poor? Oh, my favorite. They're 400. And it's they're all gone. What do you mean they're all gone if they're 15 cars? I see. So in other words, we had the initial rush down there in colorage about 400 bucks. That's in 20 minutes for Christ's sake. That's pretty good. So you want. So that brings us to 101,775 and we're down there with a QAM van at publics in colorage. That's four blocks three blocks south of the colorage mall. U.S. 1 and 1-13 on the east side. Just look for the big QAM van. Look for Christ. But it's a little black book taken numbers and you'll let's where they have all the best and you'll stuff down there in colorage. We'll do well over a thousand there today. I guarantee it are else. And here's colorage right now. Hello. Hey, doing now. Okay, sir. My buddy from my lunch hour to hits. I can rush down there now. I'm I worked down here. So great. I've been hoping that you would bring one of your van's down here. Yeah, it's about time we got down where the audiences have the waste in our time in candle with all those Julios. Well, I thought we thought we you forgot about us. I didn't forget. Well, I lived in a home state and in my wife and our going to our Christmas party up to Broward tonight. We wouldn't be allowed to find and her birthday is on Sunday. So I want to know if I could suck her around. I wasn't there by that. Well, you'll be up there tonight. Tonight we're going to stay tonight up there in Broward and hang around tomorrow. I'm going to go to Swap Shop and then uh well listen, what's your happy birthday? Okay. I'll do it. In fact, uh, where are you? The answer is no. Okay. We have an open line in date. I'm in a good story. They're going to be staying around in Broward tonight. It's just kind of hanging around. Like not necessarily in a place. Just like, uh, I'll buy the National Correctal Center. Nice tricer. Well, that's a good stuff. Well, let me ask you something. I don't understand. How come we have the strike against your rack on right now and it's got the interacosies which we know he's all a crap. Just like all those members of the house. How come if the speechment thing is so important that CNN has broken away? We can, you know, this is the problem. We got two damn things going on at the same time here. We'll try to get his goddamn on American. If you ask me, how can we be doing this now? And they're showing us there's nothing going on there in a rack except a bunch of laundry heads driving them out in, uh, in old cars. By the way, did you know that CZROMERAL was, um, did you know that? So all you Julio's out there that keep trying to be like CZROMERAL might have gone, might have gone yet in that book I was reading. CZROMERAL I didn't know that. Maybe that's why he dressed it with all those silly flashy outfits. Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm great. I just wanted to wish you a happy holiday. And I don't want the panther ticket. Good. But I like I told you before I told them get a chance to listen to your show. So I was on my way home for a half day today and bought it. And it sounds like you're getting people going out there and congratulations on your project right now. So in case I don't see, we're talking to you again. Have a great holiday. And have a great life. And thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Bye bye. Well, wasn't she? No, I saw there was somebody nice. She don't want nothing. She's not just conquers. We all have a son to say to give those tickets away right there up against the glass in the first row. You know how to make a big project every game they take. They take a couple. Oops. They take a couple who've been like sitting up and probably some pretty good seats with a good vantage point. It can really see the game. And then they honor them by bringing them. They put those balloons on the path of a troll and they stick their finger in their echo. They escort them down right to the front row. Well, you can't see a goddamn thing. I mean, it's quite an honor to have these tickets right in the front row. But I trust me. You won't see the game. Because you have no perspective. I mean, you'll be cring in your head and looking anything along the abords. You just won't see anything. Now, maybe if you're down that low, you can see when the red light comes on. Down at that two twice in because since the first gamer to, I haven't seen that red light once. You don't have to worry about it being too much like I'm still amethanational car rectal center because we don't have the red light district. Not at that end. Are they ever going to do anything about that? No. I already gave up. I already said I don't care anymore. But how can you go to a hockey game and not care whether the red light comes on if there's a gold score? Because every gold that score so far, I see it's in the net. I see it like right away, believe me. But they're going to be some misoena or later, worse like, you know, you can't tell. And it would be nice though before we get up and start screaming and carrying on, whether it's the gold judge, is it the gold or not? Well, hey, don't confuse us with these things. Okay, you're just making trouble again. You know, you people over there that are running that are way near a bunch of assholes. We build you a 200 million dollar state of the outer wini. You can't get to guide them escalated working out in front. You can't get to write them a piece on there. You got Randy Moore promoting a given the highlights were a game that took place a week ago. You can't get the penalty clocks or the goddamn time clock working every game and who won complete game. And you can't get to them red lights in a green light. The position where the fans can see what a goddamn gold score to the period is over. And then they got the horn going off every now and then while the goddamn game is going on. But other net, nice job. Slowly the middle of December. I mean, if I'm involved in that organization, of course, they got plenty of their own problems like not making a playoffs probably, but at any of the side that the farm involved and the very least, I mean, we've been showing up. They've had damn good attendance. They've had to average it over 18,000 a game. Damn good attendance. So the least you can do for those of us who bother to show up is like take care of those other details to make tickets a little bit of ambiance to pretend where to real game. Which the other night we wore actually for a cane. So there you go. How do you like how? 24 noon at 5.60 WQA. Hey, deal. Fuck you. All right. You weren't feeling fine, right? Then your face turned on white. More than you. Your cousins go through there a little bit good possibility for leave. ...take care I just could prove it. It's now all there is. But as I watch his place, Can I look at all those chicks? I wish I knew if they would do this to others. I was just a little bit scared. How do I 79% of the people in the pool last night approve of the bombing and then putting them into the Stone Age in Iraq? All right. And Kara Kazease just said, hey, by the way, you ain't got it anymore, okay? Just give us your best shot. Now, straight, he pulled a Bernard Gets. He said, okay, here's another one for us. Oh, sorry. I mean for you. No for us. Okay, there's another one. Man, he had gluten tick. He's like challenging. He's like threatening us. Okay. If you people don't cut the crap, but we're going to force you to nuke us. And we're going, okay. Sure. Okay. Two open lines a day count. He five said, they're not. They're certified. Okay. They're crazy. Then a bed bug. And they're these assholes. And they're these righteous, pontificated. And by the way, you know how Trent Lot was changing his tune yesterday? Oh, he really didn't mean this. They didn't mean that. And the comma was over here. And the period was over there. And your reign is was on his back. Stuff like that? Yeah, right. Saw those poles here the night that like, like, 99 and 910% of the people said, yeah, Obama, into the goddamn dark ages. And we like it. And all of a sudden, well, I was mission-trippeted. I was miscoded, but I beat, but I'm often, maybe they're not like alcohol or so after all. And the lunatics, rabid, right wing lunatics. And this is probably in the long run a good thing. The real good lesson for all you people out there that like kind of a politically not even don't get the message and don't understand what this is all about. Two upper lines of day, county five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the 18, T. Y. Rolla, where is line? Waller's line. And we will give away these tickets by 12, 30 by the way, because you'll have to come and pick them up. And not two in the far distant future, either because of his pride and actually, I'm sure our office staff being close to the holidays, they'll be packing up real early today. The next video here at this building, they show up late. They leave really early, yes, 440 and really slow. Well, I don't understand if there was this tremendous rush there in just a matter of moments and cutlerage. Huh, maybe they just all happen to be in the hood, maybe the rest of our driving from like a few blocks away. 440 bucks more per cent or one. As we get very close to 102 grand by the way, to the extent, don't think it will see it borders in plantation, I'm all known to two that's unsenrized Boulevard. There's no way so many people don't know where that is or so hard to get there. You just keep coming west on sunrise till you can start small and the elevators and you'll know you're close almost to the National Carre rectal center. It's as you're coming west, it's on the right hand side. There you'll see a best buy and then you'll see an amicol and right in that block is the borders. A big self-stem right there almost on a goddamn street on sunrise Boulevard. I don't think he mentioned enough that it's going to be the last appearance. That's right, this is our last appearance tomorrow for this year on campaign noon to two tomorrow. I'm making a tremendous sacrifice at least a 30 second drive from my house to get there. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. A lot of this Republican spawn criticism against the timing and Clinton. Would they want to put these, you know, fanatical lyrics and all? Yeah, that's part of the problem. These are the same ones that have been screaming for months that he wasn't doing anything and you remember orange snacks he was screaming about, we all are there. Yeah, we ought to really just keep banging away and banging away in the dark ages and, you know, it's kind of a normal one. Uh-huh. I will, you know, they never met a extremist thing ever liked. Right. So it's really scary though to see the way that all of them, each and every one, all of them, I mean, maybe like a couple of renovated lives, but just about each and every one have been whipped in the line and they got these people just all goose stepping and lined up and intimidate. Maybe they got all the naked pictures from Larry Flint. Maybe they're the ones that are releasing this stuff. Well, you know, I go to the stands and see an end to conflict and then just because they need to rack up another 78 awards. You're going to go over there. Look at Christianity's more important. I'm going to get that shake. But I'll look at Christianity. I'm not even surprising how to pull up our approach to that. Uh-huh. Let me tell you something, interesting story when I was in my last year high school, we went to see silo for the lambs. Yes, sir. Now, you've been, I've been busted like that, laughing. It works the way something the brass gets. Oh, God. It works the long-sounding the brass gets. I like the second one, they're better. I like the second one, they're better. Yeah, it's like the emotional problems of the buffalo bill. We've only won, you know. Problems. We would be laughing in laughing at this and my girlfriend at the time, we were all sick. But whenever we would drive, honest to God story, whenever we would drive down a street and see a white van Oh, yeah. It would be also kind of hard to see and work, you know, a little bit of that, where I live. But, yeah, a white van. We'd be driving on a road again in the movie. You know, buffalo bill, chit-naps the girl in a white van. So we would go buy and go up to the window and go and push the lotion in the back. Yeah. Same way, dude. Great. So you have brought back this wonderful holiday feeling. All right. For me, sir, you're number one there. Okay, I'm having a happy. You too, bye-bye. Yeah, that's going to be the no holiday greeting by the way, it's the the Merry Christmas or happy. Honiker, just walk up to somebody you know and say, It works the lotion in the basket. Two open lines in Dave County, five, six, seven, five, sixty. And in fact, the tiska of task is put the most in your holiday basket. What's wrong with that? Oh, boy, I'm school for the tips of our next. Not going to be too happy about that. I'll tell you. But you got to every now and then smoke a cheap one. So you appreciate to be a good one. Especially since we're running a low on the other one. Since, especially since we're running low on those real good ones from next, I don't want to get John penis all worked up into a frenzy again. Because he steals most of the good ones anyways, what I hear. Here's a mobile in Delray B, Tallah. I know. Yes, sir. I think what you're doing with Sennel 1 is fantastic. And I want to wish you happy, Honiker, long time listener. Big hockey fan. And I went about two weeks ago for the first time to the New Arena. And I think it's pretty nice. Although coming in reminds me of being in an app for somewhere. I don't know if you get sound impression. But I would be interested in going down there to one night with my lover who's never been to hockey again. Okay, really will I see it tomorrow. Okay, we have an open line in, what? He said he'd been interested in going. I'm sure that we take it to available at the end of the in order. Is that thing going to be sold out? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. I just wanted to stress my disgust of the sports the urine south Florida, how it's being a long time sports fan here and lived through all my life. I think Wayne Hussing is the worst thing that could ever happen to anybody in their state. He's an asshole. Yeah. And I don't care if it gives 50 million to charity. He's still an asshole. I think most of the people really hate him here. They do. Soon to the sooner that he gets back on this landfill on sample road, where he can think like his landfill does. Yeah, that's what he's going to be. Okay. Okay. I thought he already did. Think like his landfill does. Yeah, it's really sad. You know, and of course, every time I'm not saying he's not giving a lot of my charity because it is the end of the year. We need to be tax right off. But the fact is that every time he does that, there's this big article and we're going to build another monument and another statue and another wing named after him, etc. And so on. And anybody else that tries to do something, you know, scrape along whatever they're doing in this town, forget it. And like I said, if I were doing it for the publicity, I would have stopped doing it years ago because there was a lot of people in the city. Here is a mobile in Boka, hello. Mobile in Boka. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you? Great. It's just great to finally get in touch with you. I've seen you the track a couple of times, but it was never really wanted to come over to body up in the dining room. Someone just expressing years of entertainment, drive around and my only, my only moments of sanity are listening to your moments of insanity. Me too. I'm really, really, really, really, really. And I believe me is true. And as far as, as far as the, you know, the fundraising I've heard, so I thought, I'm stuck in around, it's just a tremendous thing that you do. And I don't think $20 for cassette. Other of your greatest hits is any, any type of donation to begin with. I think it's something that should be doing to begin with. Two questions I have for you, okay. In concerning the international liars club, there's there any difference between Wayne who's saying and a fed him who's saying that. Okay, well, think about it. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, and Pomp 5, 6 to the only 18 in, uh, 1. 18, T, R, L, S, 1. I don't know what he's talking about. And then next, uh, several of us. Oh, here, now look at, look at this one. This is Jane from Logan from Contagonia, who's got the hair on her. I mean, he doesn't have the mustache yet, but he doesn't need it. Look at the way he's got the hair down like over the one side of his head. Just like eight all. Every time I see this guy, I get goosebumps. In fact, I, this guy and Bob Barr, I think they are going to be low. Like over the weekend, like dark in the middle of the night, about two, two, thirty in the morning. I think they're going to hop in your white van and you low. It puts the notion in the basket. Oh, this guy every time I see him, I get the chills. I get the willys. Four minutes before 12 at 5, 60, WQM, I'll tell you something that would give you the chills, and that's a big, big pint. That's really not that big. How about a half a gallon? Well, they don't make half gallons because they'd like it to live beyond the weekend. Can you imagine if Ben and Jerry's may have gallon or gallons? Becreased the surplus population. I'll tell you that. Put a lot of people away with a big smile on their post. There's nothing in the world like Ben and Jerry's. You people out there that like these other off-brand or even these pseudo ice creams, man. You got taste in your tuish. Ben and Jerry's easily anybody would taste even over there. And I'm still them. They don't put their mayonnaise on the ice cream. They say that for their fries. They do put their lotion in the basket. But I'm telling you, Ben and Jerry's is so good that it's addictive. It's, uh, it's on the list of the most addictive substance. And the history of the USA. And of course, Ben and Jerry's fish food with the best flavor in the world. It's chocolate ice cream with gooey caramel, marshmallow and loaded with little chocolate pieces shaped like fish. So good that you'll be spazzing out when you try it for the first time. They also make fish sticks, which is fish food on a stick covered in thick hard chocolate to tie you over in between pints until you get home near the microwave. And Ben and Jerry's all their flavors are spectacular. Terry Garcia, chocolate, Terry Garcia, New York Superfudge, Chuck, Shelby, hobby, chunky monkey, chocolate chip cookie dough. Heathbar crunched actively, Max. And many of the flavors come in the frozen yogurt, which is so good at taste just like real ice cream. It is out of this world. So pick up a whole bottle for the holidays. Pick up 40 or 50 pints at your favorite supermarket convenience store, your mobile station. Or visit the two Ben and Jerry's school shops. There's one in Miami at the oven to amol right between blooming nails in the AMC theaters. And one on Miami Beach 760 Ocean Drive for the holidays just pick out on Ben and Jerry's. This is 560. You a yeah. Are you fudge back him? I don't know what you say. I don't know the f***er. Ouch! I don't know what you say. The f***er. Holy. I don't know what you say. The f***er. I don't know what you say. I don't know what you say. The f***er. Good thing about it's the way. I ride the scat me little country. That's like some mustache on a state. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking, tubby. And blow up the whole goddamn place. Oh. Rapot Pause. No. Taro. Call out to us, 560WQ and we've got tremendous news for you boys and girls, two pieces of tremendous news. Number one, the third day of bombing is underway. Here we can see he says, okay, give us your best shot and we said, okay, here's some more for us. We're going for hours today because it's only like 8 o'clock in night over there right now, 8 o'clock in the PM. Even I can figure that out, even if they're either can't for all that money. So that means we got hours and hours and hours that the bombs will be bursting in here. That's number one piece. A good news. Number two piece, wait until you hear the strap yourselves in. I'm a little skeptical about these studies, okay, but nevertheless, you always, you always believe the studies that are the most, you know, when it tells you what you want to hear, wait till you're this one. Studies says, chocolate lovers may live longer. All right. Scientists already have suggested that eating chocolate may make you happy. Now they say men who indulge in chocolate may live longer. A study of 7,841 Harvard male graduate found that now that, this is not, we're not talking about fudge, okay, that's a different category. They live a lot shorter. 7,841 Harvard male graduate found that chocolate and candy eaters regardless of how voracious they're appetite for the goodies live almost a year longer than those who have stained. The researchers from Harvard University School of Pupic Health who study was published in this week's issue of the British Medical Euronol, so they don't know why this is. They speculate, however, that antioxidants present in chocolate may have a health benefit. Okay, me, those antioxidants, let me shovel them down my place. The scientists stress that in fact, what's the main ingredient in fish food? Rich, thick chocolate. Mmm, with that marshmallow and at the greek caramel like all the just streams, ribbons of caramel inside. Well, there's a sadum. Yeah, I'm hoping with them in their baton, again, this right. This, this is a tape last night. Every word. I didn't let them out of my place. Hey, sadum, there's another one for you. Okay, you longer head, you asshole. You barbering, you lunatic with a bad mustache and a real bad compulsion. Anyway, in the study, those who wait a moderate amount of sweets, allowing themselves only one to three candy bars a month, paired the best. Oh, that, now that's not so good. Having a 36% lower risk of death compared with non-candy eaters. What was that again? One to three candy bars a month. Mmm, I can do that in an hour. Although they feared worse than the moderates, those who ate three are more sweet, who wait still a longer than those who ate no candy, with a 16% decreased risk of death. How do you like that? So in other words, if you want to live 36% longer, eat like one to a 3 candy bar as a month, if you want to live 16% longer, when it does pick out, just shovel it down and the candy too and whatever kind of chocolate you want. We got any chocolates, you got any more of those Hershey's chocolates in there? No, seriously, I would like to live 16% longer than the next couple of years. Oh, look at that. All right. Oh, look at that. Well, you must have hit those well, because that was all over that refrigerator. Hershey's cookies and cream, these little, little Hershey's and not kisses, but they're like, oh, these are, this is white chocolate. Oh, with brown chocolate and I bought a, a sort of an, or hot, me more or so's in there. Oh, this is the last of it. Huh? This is the last of it. This sucks. You're like white chocolate? I mean, I needed, I got it for mostly other people. Oh, I got it. I like it with all my likes, I like sweet. Okay. I do like stuff at sweet. For example, I like Pepsi better than Coke only because it's sweeter. But this is sickening these sweet, because it's white chocolate. Oh, I. Yeah, but I'll leave it because I want to live longer. What do you laugh about? Huh? The more you eat the longer you live, in fact, I think 20 or 30 pint of fish will run away home. Sounds good to me. Because most of it is chocolate. Let's hear it for chocolate, baby. Oh, here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Yeah, and you know, I just wanted to give a fire pour on the, um, borders and Boca return. Yes, sir. Looks like they only have maybe first of all, bring your cash because they don't accept and there's a sun bank I had to go to the ATM because I'm, but actually you're quite a few for everybody to stocking this, uh, to bring your cash. Okay. They only have maybe 10% slept of each and, uh, maybe three or four CDs. And now we have a gigantic week there. Yeah, it looks like they're, um, so if you want to get there, ASAP, and the ladies who help me have no idea what I was talking about. Yeah. And the guy is just as well. That may be good. And I just want to see if I can suck around for tickets, I'll turn around right now and come and get them if I could. Okay. Excellent. That'd be wonderful. Are you shocked? I am. I'm really shocked. I'm going to move to the next. I just had a piece of this candy. If I wouldn't have eaten the candy, I would say blow it off your ass. But since I don't, no, seriously, I'm in a very good mood. You know how candy affects the, uh, the, uh, the endorphins in your brain. It's in dollars, uh, it, like, uh, kind of comes down to your pleasure center of your brain. I'm actually going to jump like right now. Okay. Hang on. All right. Okay. So, uh, parking pass, the yellow, well, preferred parking pass, which blows right by the escalator that doesn't work. And they got that escalator 50 at by the way. No. Uh, uh, uh, don't these people have any shame that operate that, uh, national car rectal center? Do they have any shame at all? No. Man, I'm going to put on a chauffeur crisis for the tickets that you're gouging the public for the prices of those tickets. Oh, and then Gildy says, well, you know, they got the panther pack. Yeah. Yeah. 500 seats. Okay. For each game out of an 19,000 sum out of Cedar Reena. 500 seats if you're lucky enough to be able to get one of those and of course, the rectal deport bachelors, they have any chance to get them. No, it's not. The tickets are like an arm and you have to like mortgage the house to go to a game with your family. And then, of course, the overpriced food. I mean, give us a break. Will you please? Wayne, you balled headed bastard. Well, you know, if he's going to give all that money to charity, we've got to give it to him. Yes, there are to 500. Yeah. And a lady less, a sweater there. A nice blue sweater. So, she's listening. Oh, some lady less, your blue sweater there at the QAM fan. So, go back and get it. That's probably, she probably left her name and address little calling card inside. Maybe she does some extra work on a weekend. She wanted to leave Chris a little message. That's the old trick. You know, leave her a leave like an article or clothing leaves something behind. It always look good. She used to come back. Oh, did I leave this hero and buy the way, Chris? You know what I'm saying? So, up to 500 bucks done, there's the QAM fan down by the public three blocks south of colorage mall on the east side of US one, US one and south west one, to one 13 street. Just look for the QAM fan. That's probably inside and he's got the best in the LSD's and the cassettes, the t-shirts and we got probably do we still have more to greet often that t-shirts very welcome as well. I'm sure we do. I'm pretty sure we do. So, let's do over a thousand there today. I mean, we had 400 bucks like that like grease lightning, like Jewish lightning in a bottle. Now all of a sudden it slowed down to a crawl. This one we thought colorage was going to go bananas today and they slowed right down. Now I'm in its past noon as 560 WQA. You were there. You were there. You were there. But, yourself. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm now bring you and all Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the hill. You're thinking M.S. Remember when we used to post a packet carefully? We ought to get a bundle finish made. The white one's a cool one. Get away from my supportive of the hill. You're thinking M.S. What the hell is that? I have sex seriously. So, for better than you like that. I think somebody got away from my supportive of the hill. You're thinking M.S. Get away from my supportive of the hill. You're thinking M.S. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm now and receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my supportive of the hill. You think M.S. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm. Well, they're all very story. 14, 2015, 2016, whichever one you like here at 5, 16, WQM, this from the Palm Beach post, Russian leaders of PL-Talowinsky to halt a rack attack. This is serious. This is for real from the AP. Russian legislators agreed through to consider a motion appealing to Monica Lowinsky to help halt the American attack on Iraq. The state Duma appeals to M.S. Lowinsky to undertake corresponding measures to restrain the emotions of Bill Clinton said the motion by Nationalist Lawmaker. Alexander Frelatov. Frelatov. The motion was approved on a vote in the Duma. The lower chamber of Parliament to be considered for inclusion in the border resolution, denouncing the attack via rack attack. The communist also mentioned Clinton and his relationship with the former White House intern. Many people link it with Clinton's impeachment and his intimate relations with a certain person. But if these relations develop into such activism, then all you buy from democracy is worth a penny. Commonice leader, Gnattis Gaganov told him to do me debate on the Iraqi crisis. Okay. Come on Monica. Just one more good blow job sweetheart. Thanks for coming down. Only this time you know a little better dress. Something like an evening gown would be nicer. A little more attractive. A little more classy. Two open lines a day five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a coconut grove. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. We got a Julio Soffman's University of Miami here. All right. You don't talk about that place. Oh, Lordy. That's cool. What is it? What's cool is it? You know, I see a Miami view. Oh, you'll have a lot of them. Oh, I just said that piece and the football team is walking around how you'd be doing this. All right guys. Yeah. What would I hear that far? Aside from that, I'll talk about this. Yes. How do you feel about a Mr. Davorac? Are we going to expect it? How do I feel about it? I don't. He's a non-factor. Non-factor. He does nothing. He escapes better. He's faster. He doesn't finish. He's useless. He can't put the biscuit in the tent. That's right. There's lotion in the basket. I put the eggs, exactly. I see we got a few stiffs on there that I'm sure they'd like to hear. What if he's one of them? Kirk Moller is another one. And who's the third one? And of course, Garpent Lov totally useless. I don't think he's even got a point this year. And they got these guys at a contract and they just have to keep paying them on out and pretending these guys are going to do something and they don't. Well, why isn't that when they go to other teams that they just absolutely excel? Well, who's that? I mean, like they should rock. Rock, paper. Ray Shepherd was proven 50 gold score. He had one bad year and they dumped him. And of course, now he's having a big year for Carolina. And as far as new Barnes and Marty Krokas, we already knew they were both good players and the same with Jason Woolly. But for whatever reason, we like Chris Wells haircut. Can I chuck around for some tickets? If we had somebody happy to give him to. Oh, and have a great day. How are you? You too. The tip we had one pair of folks, okay? I mean, I realize we don't want to put you out. We don't want to put you out of a too many calls around the board because if we do, though we should be suspicious and other suck them out. No more tickets, okay? And how are they shocking? Too much sucking. It works the lotion in the basket or somewhere. They lines are open. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. So the attack, the Iraqi attack continues for the third day. William Cohen was just on there going. Puppah, puppah, like that. William Cohen, how to help today's suspect in a former Republican senator from Maine, a Republican who happens to be the Secretary of Defense, like this guy's going to put his integrity in his ass on the line. And all of a sudden, Trevlats said, well, what I really meant was, uh, yeah, right. We believe you. You're not the bastard. You know the piece of walking, X-Criman on legs. 580. See there. You go. We go stood up down there and cut the ridge. Let's go. Let's get that $1,000 down there and cut the ridge today and stop playing hard to get. I thought we finally hit the mother load down there today. Well, we had that big start and we had 15 cars lined up. And it sounded like, hey, we finally hit the right joint. And then as usual, it's closed out of a crawl public. Do you understand where it is? Three blocks south of Cutler Ridge Mall. The QAM van. That's where it's at with all our best in the old stuff. 580 bucks. We need 420 more for nice thousand today. Let's see. 580 puts us at the 101, almost at 102,000, just underneath. We're getting close. What open line it's brought all of the day? Isn't this interesting? I wish we had a photographer in here to take a picture of the phone bank. As soon as I announced, we got that one-lousy per hockey tickets in a parking bag. Because we're fighting. We got the breaking news from Iraq. We got the guy named Speechman Hearings going on there in the house. We're fighting against a bunch of brainwashed people. They're not paying attention to what I'm doing here today. We got 40 people out there listening to the show today. But boy, as soon as you got something to give away, wow, they all light up like a goddamn Hanukkah bushing heatman. All of a sudden they're at a level in me. They're obsessed. They drop everything including their drawers. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, have you seen any new movies that they gave you? Yeah, how about you? Oh, yeah, they're in a more okay pal. So when you're standing online, I hate to break the news. You asshole, dumb Julio. Open line and Broward to a date. 560, 50560 on the, what is it? Mobile one line. There was you in the new movies with the community. Yeah, go take a look at our Marquis. Is it still there pal? Take a good close look. What do you run away down from the goddamn liquid? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Love you, chef. I really just wanted to hear that whole bit. The bus flow built it. Yeah. But I told George that I wasn't calling the fuck around or anything like that. I just wanted to hear that bit. And then he has been the... And George insisted that I talk to you, so. Uh-huh. You said what's bad. My wife, probably hardly have any calls. We got some dumb Julio on there. That's got a bug up his ass because it's boyfriend left him. I'll work on it, pal. Maybe one more time before the day is out. We'll play. It was the notion in the bars. Open line and Broward to a date. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Here's a letter to the editor. One good thing if there is to come out during the recent charade known as the How Tunisher Committee hearing on impeachment is that the new face that the Republican Party is Yadiyadiyati. Representative Bob Bar from Georgia in Tom Delay of Texas. Have emerged as the new leaders. Both of them were calling for the impeachment long before Monica Lovinsky and Ledith Trim's name became household work. That's right. They already wanted him out of there. Even if he wasn't getting blow job, saw he liked that. Excellent letter. Who wrote that letter? Charles Way in the Lake Worth. Way, baby. That's what he said. Eat your courage and... Okay. In fact, there's not what we're doing. We're bombing the courage and... Wait. Here's a mobile in... Cutlery and chill out. Good afternoon. They said, we're going to go over there and bomb the courage. They said, no way. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to report that I'm looking at the city. I just bought two CDs for him. Thank you. Yeah. Well, thank you. There's a lot of crap on here. There's a lot of great stuff. I keep out of everybody that and they just sit there to put on their phones. Well, it's wrong. The first one there's 42 cuts. I can't believe it. Right. And each and every one of them is in a ward when they're including guns who'd be good and planned bagpipes. The greatest stuff I've ever played on here in my life is on here. And we've had a push in prod, but they're getting there now. We have the kicks of mass. This thing works point bucks just for got you be good. Right. I agree. I agree with the whole heartedly. That's right. Well, you have a great day. Working you buy that much for 20 bucks. That's right. And have a great day. Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, 5, 50, 60 on the mobile one line. Yeah, we continue fighting these accounts of trend Julios out there who have to put on this big act for their boyfriends. Like I'm like I'm at a con, at a con. And the main time with all are they. A bunch of paharitos is what they are. That's right. Little paharitos. Is that redundant? Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Come on to do you say we're done to Nespal Neol. Yes, man. Hi, I'm a Julio porcure. And I just love you. Great. There you go. I hear you and I'll put on the closet. What is it? I watch you all so every night. Well, you're the one that's watching that thing well, much fast. Yeah. But anyway, I just want you to know that Julio's in porcure. We're not all that bad. Okay. Have a happy sweet heart. You too. Felicia Navidad. Thank you. Ask the cameo of you this. Topping Hanukkah. Are we with air to you? Bye. Child. Open line at Brower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3. Go. I'm going to tell you something. I feel like I'm going to live at least another 2, 3 minutes after reading that. And by the way, don't buy any more by chocolate. And don't tell me you bought a sample pack. I did about a whole bunch. Yeah. Of course the good stuff. We ate bread. We wrecked it here for. What do you mean we ate it? I had like four pieces from that. I didn't say we. I didn't say we. I didn't do that. That's good anyway. Hershey's chocolate is very pedestrian. What? That's blasphemy. No, it is not. Nestle's makes better stuff than they do. Who do you think makes smarties? Nestle's makes smarties. Yeah. Even though I'm OD done. Smarties that can't eat anymore. But Nestle's makes the most. Hershey's with almonds. No. You know what? Hershey's with almonds. The candy bar you're talking about. No, like the nuggets that I had that you were eating the other day. You know nuggets? No. No, seriously. Hershey's candy is waxy. Good candy is good chocolates are not waxy. In fact, you can hear old rugby dolla talk ups on there. They got waxy build up. 650 by the way. No, seriously. It's not. Stop and think about it. When you eat or Hershey's chocolate bar and I'm not saying I'm the first eating with they happening. We're laying around. It's basically with almonds. But they're waxy. I disagree. It's not a question of whether you do. Oh, here we go again. The voice of reason is spoken. He disagrees. If it's like saying, uh, pepsious, we do them coke. Oh, I disagree. Okay, disagree. But it happens. It's a fact. It's not an something I just picked out of my ass. Like a seed. Jesus, man. You are brutal every year Hershey wins all those awards. I don't. Okay. And so does, uh, what's his name? So does Lyle. I love it. Okay. He wins a country music awards. Can he sing? Does he look like a human being? He wins awards. Big deal. Yeah. And country music sucks. Right. Well, those awards too. Does that mean that it's worth getting in the ward? No. First not Hershey's wins the ward. Hershey's is waxy. Give me some, uh, real some, uh, a, a, a Paragina. Some of those duck chocolates. How about some of those great bells in chocolate? Now we're talking about some Paragina. Bachi sounds good. Here's, here's like a mobile in home state. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? Yes, sir. And listen about that study. I guess I'm going to have you for another hundred years. I'm going to have to have a big door, man. And listen, um, I don't know if you're interested in giving care of this. For these in that target in color is, for these in the targets to encounter the rate. I'm going to be right now. I just got two for my kids, you know, finally. Thank you so much, Pagina. I'm glad you're going to be shooting each other. Read about it every weekend. Oh, well. Thanks for the good news. Later. Okay. Here's the guy just got two Furby's for his kids in the target in Cutleray. I'm going to be marching on here. Now we won't raise another dime because they're all going to, Van Moose for more of our guys are. Six hundred and sixty bucks down there at Cutleray. So far today, not bad, not too shabby. We'll make a thousand by two or five if it's a last guy. The end thing we do. A rose crystal never will take that vein down there again. I don't want to threaten the people at Cutleray Ridge. But all we need is another three hundred and forty bucks. That's seventeen more CDs because that's T-shirts combination of their out piece of cake. And that'll put us over a hundred and two grand handling for today. And don't forget noon to two tomorrow at the borders and plantation on West Online's Boulevard. Easy to get there. Like I told you, just come West Online's just keep coming and you'll see it. And the borders too. 1226 at 560 WKM. Hi, this is Maurice O'Vitch, wishing you a happy Hanna. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. 10-1250 WKM. If you are a part of your channel, tell us, what is it, or what about your book or whatever, what is it, or what's it going on over time? whales land fish fishles א�fish! water tspbound fish bones! the water has… the littleulated fish bones! who is now 30th year 2014. 2014. New South- remindscent of species from beach Eles. are ready to kid your neighbor if you don't get one for your pain in the insolable kids target is right across from where we all with our QAM van today. And you're like that. We got 700 bucks. Within an hour and a half to go 700 big ones, baby. Look at this, they're showing the abominings in the short exactly what they're wiping out over there. What? This is great. Yeah, I love how the right way. Okay, watch real close and you can see he's got it in the cross hairs as the strike. You can see that he was right in the center of his cross hairs. Look at the vision guidance that he has both on board the aircraft and there goes a great. Wow. Wow. You do it. You do it. Good hit. So they're showing a diaphragm in diagram, but you don't understand the chart. We still got a lot of work to do. Huh? Still missed the several of those. In fact, this is still a few of those terrorists over there. Still alive. But what we're working feverishly right now, we're bombin' them into the stone age. Nice going. Oh. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah. Can you take a picture? No. Okay, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six the animal, one line, we played person that checked today, sure if you snooze you lose. That's all I can tell you. We gotta let's come up again next year sometime. Here's a little Havana, hello. They're on Coral. Yes, sir. What's going on, man? They're marching out of the cart that's only skeleton now, man. This guy I'm mutated about, uh, fully run. And he admitted, yeah. Because Larry Flint brought him out of the closet. Well, I'll leave him explain. Because, I'll leave him say he admitted before he had to lie, you know what I'm saying? and uh... talking about the hot way he admitted what he said that he had several affairs with a lot of many we don't know who they were with we haven't put them under a crowd cross examination yet we're not holding any hearings we're not the forcing to put his hand on the bible around his rectum so who knows what he's telling that you know our uh... who's gonna be the next with ball finna admit that it's a fact yeah what then lamier da's gonna hit a ventilao exactly you know neo shameless request uh... a couple of how to spell with them now okay thank you right i'll be better to what he's saying well i'm a zekai talking to learn to spell with darn out this is none of the spell with darn out i've been done ill jackson and today we're gonna spell the word broken ill admit now broken the are all k-e-n now let's you then in a sense so i said to the coach i said man that broken show throw a football this is learn to spell with darn out i've been done ill jackson all right this is learn to spell with darn out i've been done ill jackson and today we're gonna spell the word i'd bellowers and now i'd e-y-e-n now let's you bit in a sense i'd show glad i still got me a job this is learn to spell with darn out yes and i'll be done ill jackson so 35 is five sixy-one and i wouldn't be surprised if bob bar from Georgia was one of those guys up into wood during entry wouldn't surprise me at all think that must ask his cover ended up no i don't think so two open lines in day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line what's that grand total he was uh hold on at the seven hundred puts us over hundred and two grand now hundred and two thousand and seventy five dollars and we're still going strong down there with color ridge and we will go over a thousand dollars today there won't be promise we will and we'll have a big day of plantation borders tomorrow yes we will here's a mobile implantation hello yeah hi how you doing new okay uh well uh you don't know jackson asking about that marina or something if that's a good bit there yeah well anyway i was calling about uh uh uh uh uh equipment fiction that's going on on uh over there in the house yes oh my god meal the lynching yes oh Jesus Christ Neil and uh uh there's a good 17 going on he's in the court post by i said uh daddy's everything in evil he's uh Republican yeah that's why the definition of evil you're going to see next to the dictionary you're going to see the old we probably can back to that i didn't in the dictionary right okay god bless you sir and get that passport clutch it real tight pal and the uh we have an open line it's growed one a day five six seven five six the in pong five six the on the mobile one line so they're coming out of the closet the Republicans have unmasked themselves all the facade has been taken off okay they're showing their robes and their hoods in fact that one guy's name was lawhood see that one of the first guys he was uh and he wasn't from the hoodie or I guarantee that two lily white to be from the hood showing exactly where they're coming from is they goose step doodifully in the line and they you know don't confuse them with the fact don't confuse them with what the American people think is important these days what else is going on in the world because they want to show that the constitution works right anybody believe that no here's a mobile in four lot of mail hello hey Neil yes sir hey i'll send your sales to the roof i think is a gestion yeah um have you tried and i listen regularly but i haven't heard this uh trying like uh ten fifteen seconds of each bit so people can know exactly which ones are off there because for example i was trying to find if you played like twenty seconds of each bit and then pull over so i bet you a lot of people would go get it because i was trying to find out for example the bridge tender yeah is the bridge tender on there no done you know the nil nuggets which you can get by calling center one or you'll have well have it at our borders tomorrow neals not get right one of the old ones it's got all the old good stuff on it like the bridge tender okay okay i didn't know that and then one other question is that has is that the old nil nuggets uh old nuggets thing or nil's old nuggets yeah right what about uh does that have that one bit um i know i remember with no 200 when he was at the drive through feel heavy at the drive through you remember we were doing that thing at the drive through and you couldn't understand what the hell he was saying it was hysterical and that was a regular that was a broken suds thing not a fill hundred times that was a fill okay well anyway you have any fill hundred stuff on it too no okay and then one last thing yeah fill brides is money okay what did you say i have no idea what he's talking about do you have any idea what he's no we have an open line we do have some fill hundred blow up dollars though they're for you sure i think i want to come ahead in your case we have an open line at brower it feels kind of embarrassed about it five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line twenty one till one a QAN this is the meal Roger so this is your brain any questions no a day in the life of three baptists hey fellas let's do something i feel like doing something how's about we go shopping like the Kmart that's a good I'm waiting for you wait a minute what we can't oh now because Kmart's doing a promotion on that there Herkha Lee's movie put out by his name can't go alright mate i think i got it what let's go see the law for world that's a rassy dinosaur movie oh that's a crap I'm a we can't why y'all cuz Jeff Goldblum's in that and he used to date Laura Darn oh oh there what there's always a baseball game i like baseball too play the mother what we can why not because the only game on is the Yankee game yeah so the fanbred are didn't do nothing yeah but they're playing the angels Disney can do well hey let's watch some TV and NBC's got third rock from the sun NBC's are i would watch that we watch it hey a lack of love it we can't it why the third rock star John Licka who was in that butt-loose movie with Kevin Bacon who was in that Marile Street movie the river wild and Marile was in Silkwood with Sharon Kurt Russell and Kurt was in the computer war tennis shoes hey hey look he's here in the paper loop Harry signing autographs down at the record store well i live Harry yeah wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait we can't but look within the fifth element with Bruce Willis who was in that hard two with John Amos from good times who used to live next door to Calvin Klein yep looks like it's delivering if you on that corner of the list special 1245 at 550 WQM is that what the net babysitter that corn okay here's a mobile in Miami hello hello there yes sir just want to congratulate you wholeheartedly on your efforts uh with center one well thank you whole heartily uh someone should raise a statute to you not uh no i don't want no statues that i want no credit because i learned a long time ago that when you're a miserable bastard that tells it like it is and you get to do his papers and ask them expose them for being the phone he's that they are they're not going to give you credit for anything so i'm content just to do a good job and get them all that cash and that's it you know i was uh i'm the road up by um uh what is a coconut precond i was driving by a wames monument the one that he erected to himself uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 55 or what is 100 foot die uh garbage he yeah the 2000 support high one yeah exactly that that that's the same thing even the even the romas were similar let me ask you as far as the um the uh the political process that we have going on the charades uh what do you what do you suppose uh is you think the Republicans are committing uh Harry Harry Harry here i think you have us democratic uh uh the democratic president for the next uh eight years nine years i've seen for the 24 years sounds reasonable to me and we're going to have democratic overwhelming congress in nineteen in the year 2000 i'm going to be a good one i'm going to be a good one i'm going to be a good one i'm going to be a good one have discovered their own y2k problem baby a big one i'm happy for it anyways because they like they say when one door closes and i'm open and zagazon like the cursifers used to say like one little candle and stick it in your rectum okay it's 13 to one the big 13 and the big one here on this uh amazing Friday boy i tell you we're getting real close close to the end of this year close to our one year anniversary here on wqa and wow close to moving upstairs on the third floor anybody believe in that no i heard the power ninety six studios by the way our luxurious urius and beautiful to where he was telling me this morning that they're amazing astonishing especially for a cheap past outfit like this place so that's a real good start but at the meantime when uh you know here's Miami hello in the alloyer okay sir i gotta tell you i'm a republican but i do not know where they're headed onto i got to find a new uh new new new president right over the edge of that infamous cliff that everybody's always talking about they're headed all together they've joined foot and a lockstep and they've joined arms they're all going over together and these guys are out of control the second thing is i was looking at uh various countries around europe who uh who either support or don't support this you know Italy doesn't support the strike well they're kind of like a in between i said it's uh to useless uh you listen and endeavor but that's what they wait till tomorrow i'll be careful when they go over their next time yeah and if you can do one more thing for me yes you could play the uh the wqa m broadcast school so you don't have to worry about what the Italian government uh says because in uh in a week it'll be a different bunch of guys anyway how well it have a great thing be careful wqa m school of what what is that under George wqa or it's under wqa yeah is crowd differing you the wqa at the school of broad guess yes you too can't have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio if you follow our curricula the course is free of course you'll work for free call 1-800-1-B and speak to our director of education mister Lenny Marjan now you want me a black cat oh a white cat oh yeah what uh yeah uh The girl loves begin a choice. We see that for me, man. We wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, baby, we have the exact door to live away, world. Wait, what would you do? Wait, here we go. Get him as you call. What are you gonna do? Go straight down. What do you want to do? Right now. Right now. I'm moving. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Hey.うわ, eh! And now we finally have the text today. Have a five day-datoon. And now I'll send you a book's tool and paint just what? Okay, up to me. And... Let's go friends. Get there. And don't be a missual miss Gowdie one over. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the W2AM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll meet to make your web radio dreams come true. I mean a one-point clue. Where will you live? And like Gowdie found out if you got a normal schlong, it don't hurt either. It's nine minutes before 1 at 5.60 WQAM. Our total over there has cut a ridge down at the QAM van. 810 bucks today. Oh, not bad. We'll get to that thousand won't we? We'll get to that one. And there are the best in the O'Law volume one on CD, but plenty on take plenty of cassettes and volume two on CD. I just mentioned that in passing. It's right across some target. There are three blocks out of the color range mall in the public parking lot. Look for the QAM van. Look for a guy running around like crazy. It's right to find somebody in the skirt. In fact, some of you guys out there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any deal. Yes, sir. A couple of points for those jackasses and congress. You know, light doesn't have to be spoken. Be committed number one. Number two is how the hell they think they all got voted in the congress. Yeah. You know, I like to write. I'll be exactly. Yeah. One of the thing, Hilliana Ross Latelyn, she was on TV last night talking about the timing of the bombing. I mean, I mean, if he had put a bomb on my guy. If he put in a bomb of cassettes, she'd have been doing the tango in the overhaul. That's right. If he would have done it like what on the even the vote on impeachment. She'd have been there sucking his butt. I mean, it's ridiculous. Okay. Yeah. Ilyana Grosslighten and Bapapapapa Rosanna Dana in drag man. And this is somebody in congress, Murray Bono, she's in congress. In fact, maybe that's one good lesson that people are getting now. They take a look at all these representatives in the house. At least most of the people in the Senate. Most of them, you know, they carry a certain aura, a certain something about them. But these house members thank God that they get to vote them out every two years. Because most of them are a bunch of slippers, a bunch of slum, he has a bunch of shmendrix. Oh, an air she is. They're letting you vote and all the time. That's it. And whether sexual harassment. Yeah, not in here. You were talking about the whole thing. That's what's going to happen. Not around screwing around for 12 years. I'm studying. I wonder he was drinking. No wonder he's getting to the side of that goddamn tree and kilten cell. And no wonder that the alias, the guancements, Bahrain, including the bull-bike daughter there, they're all suing her ass over that will. Because she was screwing around for 12 years with who knows how many guys. And she's up there talking about sexual harassment and about this and about that. She's given us a lesson on morality this bitch. Who the hell are you kidding? You slut. You scumbag. You walking piece of and she's so goddamn stupid. So idiot, such an air, a space cadet, an air head. And she's up there making a speech in front of the house and representatives like she knows what she's talking about. Here's an aventura, hello. Aventura. Hey, hi, hi, hi. Okay, sir. I'll come to the beach and didn't talk bad about her husband before she was elected into the house. Yeah, that's right. How come she wasn't talking about his drinking and all his other books? Yeah, yeah. She got an abequished. Before she got him into the side of that tree. Yep. Anyway, look, you out of CD number 1 and I'm in for our borders. We're out of CD number 1 and I have a surboarder. Yeah, so we better get the restock in here for these last two weeks. Better because I've got number 2, but I've elected by one and I use this truck coming with this van. Have a coming command to me, too. That's never a good idea. I think that's a lot of weed. Yeah, there's a lot of people that, you know. At least five or six. At least five. Okay, we'll check it out in case. Okay, there you go. Low spyre, port, rod of a seat. That's right, because there's some like hotcakes now. We've got to restock one more time and get these places to the one. One thousand ten. Oh my god, look at that. There are a part one on both CD and cassette. Woo! There's a one o'clock and there's going to go get laid. There's going to be another five minutes in. They're going to go away late because we got over a thousand bucks. And Chris, I haven't only got some numbers. A thousand and ten bucks that puts us at 102,385 bucks. An anticipation of a big day at borders and plantation tomorrow between noon and two out there on what sunrise Boulevard. Five minutes till one at five, 60 WCM. They said it couldn't be done boys and girls. Not only we go over a hundred grand, but we're going to go who knows. Hundred and five, a hundred and ten. Oh, that's what it's going to be. Nice job Neil. Thank you. All I can say is they don't got it. And mean it when I say it. Oh god, you know what I'm gagging? What? Because I'm smoking a cheap crappy cigar. That's why. Yeah, I'm smoking one of those dime stores to guards. If you want a smoke or cigar, that really is smooth and beautiful. And puts a real smile on your post. That's a higher the smoke than head for nicks of guards. In fact, tomorrow Saturday every Saturday they know that a lot of you guys are busy during the week working and they're holding around whatever you're doing. So they stay open on Saturdays from 11 in the morning till 40 afternoon. So you can come on down there and stock up on on your favorite premium cigars and accessories, etc. Every Saturday or any day that you like. Next cigar is the largest manufacturer of great fantastic well made premium hand rule cigar for the entire country. Right down here in our neck of the woods, another forget it's almost a year now. When we went down there were John penis the first time and saw that place. And I said to myself, holy crap, we got a great cigar joint right here in town. Where they normally sell, but they make some of the finest cigars anywhere in the world. They got a wide body, a wide range rather from full body to mild and everywhere in between. So no matter what kind of pleasure you prefer in your post, you can probably find it in great cigars too. At next, 71 11 West Library Street, just take your flag versus exit off the Pometo, go east one mile and you'll be right there or even call them a 305-266-9907. If you're serious about what you put in your post, you better head for Nick's Dan soon. When the Lord of the United States, she goes down and gets an advance. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. This has been with colorful lives and all the rising cartels that are crushed to the side. It's for us to offer. When you come out to play, taking the full lock through my field and exchange for a name, the new restless human in the midst of lead, you should above insult me, to be a Rock crocodile. The � of these prisoners, embarking on healing muscles and pain burns, throng and tumbring so dopamine isn't got to be what it is called. Okay, one out to a five sixty WQM, which are big one and two are. The third way is the third attack. It's including those who are going off again. We're following the stone A. We're not going for it. There are activities. There's one for you, Saddam. There you are. Another one. Alright, so there are a ton of way again. We're just bombing a back into oblivion, which is the way that everybody with a brain wants it to be. And just continuing day after day after day, month after month after month after month. And the best part of the news is they said the Iraqi are the military. They're just sitting back and taking it. They haven't flown one plane. They haven't done a goddamn thing. Maybe they're Republican guard over there. Maybe they might all be dead for the holidays. Alright. Maybe that's why they went too much going on. Because those barracks were the hangout. They looked too good on those pictures. Did they? Did it look real? No, too good. Two open lines, a day count. He's five six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty are our AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Del Ray Beach, Ella. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? That's a great show. I suggest we and Pete Jimmy Johnson and the Dolphin running game. Yeah, okay, great. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 2 and day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, there you go. There's somebody that's a FitzWrite and with WQAM. We're dropping weapons. We're dropping bombers on the bag that we got to Republicans trying to run a lunch mob up there and watching this. And this guy's worried about Jimmy Johnson's running game. Okay. There's what's wrong with WQAM. How cool. When I first came here 12 months ago, I totally this was the problem. Too many one-dimensional people out there in the audience who know from nothing else except Ron Ball and football and baseball, they don't, that's it. That's all they know. Now what does that say? Oh, this is Bob from a Dick Insider, hello, Bob. Hello, Mr. Neil. Yes, sir. Can't hear you. I didn't call to anything. I didn't call to ask for anything or Schlepp or anything like that. Just call to which you married holiday. Well, send you, Bob. And I think if these so called people that run our country keep it up, we're going to have more professional wrestlers running things. Yes, sounds okay to me. Because they don't really know what they're doing at times, do they? At times? Well, if you hire a lawyer, you know what you're going to get, I guess. You're going to get lies from one end to the other end. But, yeah, I just called to wish you a good Christmas. I've got all your CDs. And I hope to, we have a, I'm glad you left out of the station by the way. Yeah, me too. Because you'd be getting up before I am like our friends are. No, no, I would not. You're, uh, which I feel really feel sorry for them. Okay, Bob. All right, okay. Okay, bye. Hey, hi, oh, Spike. You know, when I'm driving, I want you, Tom. Scary, fucking kidding. Good looking, it's really funny. I've seen you at all, but it's so funny. I knew you'd get me after things like that, you know. Exactly. You'd get off the car, though. APPLAUSE Handspacked on you. Isn't it awesome, like the sketchbook on paddocks for lunchX, Hey, why don't you bring some home and our protective plastic rib bottom? That way it'll stay fresh. Or you can let sit a while and have some hard dick inside her. Huh? It's good, it works. Good and thinner. And there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside her. Dick is first thing. Just to offer you a 9W and cut for road 60 miles. Open 24 hours. Because I have to, a chillers summer night. I like to snuggle up and dead with a hot dick inside. Okay, that was bought from a Dickens uttered t-shirt frame. He's got great t-shirts. His call was a little on the young. He means well. It's a five minutes after one at five, 60 WQA. Here's a lady in Miramar. Hello. Yes, I was coming back to the impeachment thing. And when I was listening to it, they were talking about, I'm not Republican myself here. And I'm not really Democrat. I was an independent. So I didn't vote for Bill Clinton. But what they had brought up here a point was why don't they leave it to the American people to go ahead and do vote? Which they would do vote on one? Well, I'll see either go ahead and have me and Pete. Because that's, we don't have that form of government. We don't have government by club decide. We don't have votes on Israel. So I realized this here, but they could go ahead and do the insepar. Yes. Oh, they have, though, they can do that. Yes. Well, I'm not alone. The excuse is, even though there have been four cases in American history where our presidents have been sentured by the Congress, they've made up this baloney about, well, it's unconstitutional and there's no specific provision for it. And as many of the Democrats have pointed out, there are lots of things that Congress does. There's a lot of acts that they draft. And there's no specific provision for the Constitution. But it's not prohibited by the Constitution. They can do whatever it hell they want. If they want to send you, just like they sent you new Kingridge, they can certainly do that to the president. But the excuses, oh, no, we have to proceed with impeachment. So that's the only remedy that we're all going to do. It's just another lie. It's just another. Thomas makes the Republicans look like they are free. What do you mean, almost? I mean, a disconnect. It looks like they're all right. This is their last guest. Don't you understand? They don't think that they just saw this last election. They see the polls. They see them. How much dirt they try to throw here that the public sees you. What they don't care about is sexual pecker dealers. They do not care. I'm their desperate. I'm their desperate. All the money that's been spent on this. We have so many other problems in this nation here. I would take a 90. I don't even split it with you. I'll tell you. Oh, I love this split. Right. Right down the middle. But anyway, I was just wondering if there was a way that people could either contact somebody, whatever to go ahead and say, put it up to the American people. Oh, they are afraid. No. Not going to happen. Oh, no. I know because they're in power. But I'll tell you what, they'll sure and they'll get out of power. That's right. They why two kids all pay what when they're doing this here. They're doing nothing but throwing the American people against. Amen. Great holiday. Okay. They know the effect is okay. That's what Nancy Reagan said. Just say, oh, to those fascists like Bob Bar and all the rest of those go in. We have an open line in the Broward. Fine. See, that's the by totally a long time ago when you have too many glam in the Congress. You got real problems, baby. Here's Miami. Hello. Boca blind stinks and I don't know. Oh, yeah. There you go. There's your buddy. There's your buddy. That's Boca Brian. You know, set him one of those blow up dolls. We got okay. And keep him busy. He's got you. You jackass. You little civil in you weasel with no material. Pathetic. In fact, I'm going to play Boca Brian all the rest of the hour. Just a piss him off. Okay. Just so we can go into the corner there. Stick his thumb in his mouth and it's fingering his rectum. Have a good time with himself. Okay. Maniac. Well, another one. No Charlie. If that give him Andy from Hollywood's home phone number. And the two of them can literally each other. Nine minutes after one is five sixty. But Andy, if you want to take it personally, please, and if you don't want to take it personally do it anyway okay. Don't want to see it. No. Don't want to talk to you. No. Don't want your faxes. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Do the dolphins have a running game. No. Is always the answer, by the way. No. No. Hs. El Papel. Hang on. To the head of the. L. L. L. L. I thought this day. I'm a he was very tell. For. This religious thing was not for me. They held a big convention. They said, I don't like the. I don't like the. I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in time. That they. That they. Of. But. It was kind of fun. But. They. They get out of. But. But. They. They. They got. They got. They. They. They. They bow to Tom.�'r.avat. Plath. parle. parle. needle buzz. ali. Ay. Hum. Donald. South. Is. Grace.sur disappointed. How. Whatever i doIDS. Is. Is. 움. 然後 i speak." In. Sad. statement identified two years than anything has before he finished the start talking about food sense for the kind of these. He said, hey, if if things should happen at a person should the wind up being forced to resign or being convicted in a set of him so on, then Algor becomes president. I say, Boca Brian provides president. So Kennedy just said, our school. Here's a candle. Hello. Neil, he has to. How are you doing? Great question for you. Yeah. Yeah, I listen to you about once a month or two weeks and I enjoy your show pretty much. I got a question for you. Yeah. I was primarily raised Catholic and so forth. You know, I think I have a decent belief system, but I do. What does that mean? A decent belief system? Yeah, I'm pretty happy with the way I think I have to go to Christianly Center for Stishes. Is that what that means? No, let me I agree with you a little bit. Yeah. I agree with you in that uh, as long as you're a good person and more or less. He is a big deal harm. It's very simple. That's all you need to know. Anything beyond that is complicated. I like it with you there, but let me say this in return. I have a little bit. I agree with you. Well, let me say this. I agree with you in that. If you're a good person, I don't care where religion you are, but just whatever if there's a supreme being, you'll be safe. Fine. Who cares? There is no supreme being. Okay, but let's there's only. That's just posted gets to the supreme being. Neil, let me say this. There's Diana Ross. That's a supreme being. Most people you don't have a problem with this smoking. We need to do eye or doing things, whatever they want to do. What do you need? What do you have to do with religion? Well, my point is, if it makes some feel good, why not just leave him alone? I'm on your side, but why not leave him alone? If it for 1% helps one person and it makes some feel good. Who cares? If it makes some people, what makes them feel good? If it's not, if it's not, if it's not talking about, okay, if they have a belief system and they annoy me or they annoy you, okay? So let's go, go away, wait, wait, wait, wait, but who's taking it away from them? I don't care. I'm just expressing my opinion. That's all, if they will be only difference being, if they want to use it as a weapon against other people, then I got a real problem with it. Okay, that's the problem. If they want to use it to spread their bigotry and narrow minds as an intolerance, yeah, if that makes them feel good too bad. I agree with you. That is a problem, but the problem is not people who believe it and pay. And in addition, in America, we don't have very many of those people who just practice their own superstitions. Most people who are we are the more the religious they claim to be and has come to be the more intolerant they are and the more hatred they spread. So what you're saying is that somebody who are superstitious and had a belief as lies it in bother the people who be right with you. Of course. Okay, all right, I didn't like, like most of my experiences in Europe, I don't find religious fanatices and to much of it over there, except in Northern Ireland, I've never been here and I wouldn't go. So you're really don't believe religion and a whole is completely hard both on as you're not a fanatic and bother other people. And as long as you're not being pleased with money by a bunch of showrooms and fakers, which is happening all the time, right? As long as you keep it to yourself, as long as it doesn't have as long as it doesn't cost you any money when it starts costing you money, then you know you're being ripped off. That's a problem, but as long as you don't bother other people, you keep it to yourself, that's fine. Right, that's a big happy. You're supposed to let smoking weed go happy fine. You know, I agree with you. I just don't agree with you when you're putting down something that like what? You know, man can corrupt anything. I agree with you. A mental corrupt anything. Business, whatever endeavor they put their hand on, they're going to screw up. What does that mean? What I'm saying is, you know, don't blame are you saying that all those people are died in the Spanish and position in the crusades that was a man screwing up. I see, it's always man's fault that they're. Well, we're talking about the mental people. Let's put them up. Okay, have a god bless you. So have a great on it. I got the problem. I'm not talking about that religion. What is it? No, man, then then I'm really. I'm what are you some kind of a heathen of atheist pastured? How's wrong with you, man? Don't you remember God handed those five tablets to Abraham Solomon? Not the Moses that was Abraham Solomon. And he said, oh, he'd helped me to believe this crap. He's well, why not give it a shot? That's what he said. I mean, if God was Jewish, I mean, what's all this other agroyzer stuff about anyway? See, that's where the go and made their worst mistake is they accepted the Jewish god. You got to prevent your own god. Now, Jesus, he's, you know, part of the mischphoha, but you have to have your own god. If you're not strong enough to prevent your own god, at least the the Buddhists, huh? All these other, uh, oh, those are culture. Yeah, right. Why do you get me started on this crap? Okay, in fact, look at those Iranians over there. Do you hear Iraqis, rather, 10 different? You're all at whaling going on where they start with that prayer crap early in the morning? They got Christian Ammon poor standard over there. The bombs are bursting in the background. They're going, oh, you like that? Just like the Orthodox Jews, they're the whaling while I'm about home. They're, yeah, they're, yeah, they raise me. Yeah, great. Pretty embarrassing, okay? Very embarrassing behavior. Just like we'll watch it right now in the, uh, in the, uh, house in the United States, embarrassing behavior by a bunch of hypocritical phony, balloony people who say, don't do as I say, don't do as I do, whatever, however that goes. Who just mouth a lot of bull crap, even though they don't believe it themselves, even though they're a bunch of compulsive liars, even though they're most of them a bunch of, uh, four mongers, all of a sudden they're stanked in Monty. And I told you this months ago, stanked in Monty is typical good to use the people in the Congress, the people in the media, most people in America, because they can't face up to the fact that people are honoured, they like screwing around. And it's nobody's got their business. Here's the market, hello. Yes, sir. You know, with what turned once that yesterday about no compromise, if the Democrats had any balls, they would stand up at the block of 45 and force the venture. And how can they do that? You'd be very easy. If you're, if they're at least 34 Democrats say, right off the bat, that they would vote not guilty, that forces the venture. It'd be very easy to end this whole thing if they would just stand together. At any time, they can disrupt and end at any time. You don't have a trial yet. No, but I mean, before the trial, when they went through doing motions, before motion for this motion for that, yeah, all they got to do is stand up at the block of state. We will not find this guy guilty. And then they would force. With that, that's not how it works. I mean, I don't know all the parliamentary maneuvers and procedures that that's not going to happen. You're going to see that with the strategic of a three months, we're talking about the way the budget's going to be run. A motion is back and forth. Yeah. This was the easy to end. I was about to start all of this, so many motions back and forth. Okay. We have an open line in day one and Howard five six seven, five sixty. That's right. It wasn't the apple on the street with the pair on the ground, baby. I would start all the problems. It was the bitch underneath. Here's South Miami. Hello. How come we don't impeach Monica Lewinsky? A South Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, Lord Father. Hey, I was going to make a quick phone call for you, but man. Oh, God. Yeah, after holding full log. The first time I listened to you is, what? No, it's in 10 seconds. Not that bad. The first time I listened to you just reminiscing the when the person go for our first started out back in the early 90s. 91. Yeah. Yeah. I listened to you while I was working the back. And my God, it's this a long time now. I know. Seems like only yesterday we were doing the same crap. I know. What I call the stage, remember the Republican who said, read my lips? Yeah. No new tax. Right. He didn't lie to the public, did he? I don't National TV. Right. Well, Lord God, I have to go back to work. And God bless you. You're serving the seat you. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. We have an open line. See, I like a lot more guys like him. So, some serving in no big deal. Open line in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless one. How about those hockey tickets, by the way? Here's the plantation. That's a nice day to know. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Happy Hamlet. What is it? I can't hear you. I can't hear you. I can't crank this poor guy up. What is it? Happy Hamlet. Oh, happy. You know, okay. Yes. Happy. You're almost. I'm almost. Okay. I just had my hand sandwich. None of you is bad. I'm care. How many little cheese on there, too? No, just mustard. Come on, ham and cheese. I like some mayonnaise on there. Like those go him do an answer. They're on their funny. No, no, no. Come if too fast for me. Like they say at the sunset and we'll hold the mail. Yeah, if I held the mail and just had to play and listen, I don't usually talk about politics, but yesterday what I heard about this living sting guy admitting to his affairs. Our first plural. That's why we don't know how many yet. We don't know. But he says several like a 20 or 30 40, 50 100 200. He screwed everything with the screw on and you see the Pope. You see the Pope too. He's a picture of him on TV that they show with that weird grin on his face. Yeah. But you know, when he when he announced that he did have these affairs, he started off using a line from the Gettysburg address for scores seven years ago. All right, force these sword four times and leave. I'm just so outrage. I think they're all a bunch of hypocrites. I never knew what to worry about. Here we got him. We hide up there the two meter. The ringleader up there this morning. We got their new speaker designated the house. Bob Livingston from Lucy and it was screwing everything with address on. We got Dan Coach from Indiana who fathered an illegitimate child. Try to cover that up. We got Mary Bono who's been screwing around with everything with a penis attached to it. And these people are up there passing judgment because the president likes getting their his rocks off every week and won't pass up to it. Every Republican they bring forward has got some kind of dirt all over right. That's right. You can smell it. When I affect this is the first time I ever have a smell of vision when it comes on a screen. The sentiment comes right through your TV set. Unbelievable. They ought to get Ken's star to investigate this guy with an independent counsel. I'm asking real personal questions about all his affairs. No, no, what we ought to do is investigate Ken's star. That's what we have to do. He's find out how many blow up dolls. He's gotten the closet. I don't know what he's in. Right. Exactly. I want to pray to be likes to dress up like Jay Edgar Hoover. His face is like a cabbage patch. I don't know what he looks to me. It looks like a cabbage that's dull. You should be hit with the baseball that. Okay. Well, we're kind of having great life. Okay. Let's get Joe to Matthew out of the hospital. One last time. If anybody's got good aim. Joe to Matthew. Let's see if Joe's got enough strength in it. Ken's star. Just one time. Come on Joe. Good shot. He still hasn't lost it. Anyway, it's 125 at 2M. We got Hank standing by. He'll be along at 2 o'clock. We got the booster at 6 o'clock. And we got a camp on the night where they come pulse of gambling show for those people at even during impeachment and wars can't stop their compulsive gambling problems. But it is a good diversionary thing. You know, I'm talking about. We'll have to move to the next 4. Well, again, everyone from the Channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for update. We have some new reports that just came in. They're hard to explain. So let's move to the Middle East War map. Rick's world if you will. And I'll try to explain. Party on everyone. I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez. And with me as always, Sally Fitz. Party on sale. Party on Rick called San Pedro lately. Not since I've been back from Houston. People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory. Say, what about that guy you've flattened to be still in a coma? Yeah, still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sally. Not. Anyway, we same blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank. But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. A boo, a boo. As you know, the insane who's saying, gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, boys and guests. But as I squat over Baghdad. Get naturally. I'll give him a gas of my own. Hot air out of both ends. The scene today said, yeah, look at the now. I'm not only a regular weapon, the American South. Before you put the last of New Zanker, the sharpness squatting over my country, but it's smelly gas. My fruits are all fleas, but for me, I ran, but I couldn't hide. Well, that's all the time we have for today. Party on South, party on Rick. I'll sit in squats that you worry not. Rick over our rack for Channel 7 news. Okay, what's 31 at 5. 60 WDKM? What's the Bluff Lens? Yeah, I programed it like you're just stuck his head in the door and said, it works the lotion in the basket. Okay, where are we going? Let's go to Miami. Hello. In a moment, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Never been better, sir. My first question is, can I be in love with you even though I'm a heterosexual? No thanks. No thanks. Only at the foot of my altar. Neil, good. Yes. Next question. Okay, next question is, you don't know if they got a call earlier, who said he had just finished buying your CDs or cassettes. Right. And then he said, oh, can I get a request? And he requested something that was on the city or the city or the city. Well, anyway, it's more fun here and over the radio, I guess. I bet maybe you can't afford a CD player yet. Yeah, maybe he's driving on a 4401 and you can't hear the signal. That could be it, right? So now it's a bit... No, we're doing pretty damn well considering that most of the time you came here that am stationed, we're doing pretty good. That is beautiful. I like the other foot as it sounds great. Yeah. Which right in? The other thing is, I always hear you call black people, charters. Yeah. And I was wondering, we used to always call them legends. And I was wondering if you ever find a liking to that. Called black people, what? Regions? What does that? Well, it's called backwards. Regions? On another, that was supposed to be clever. That was like, Nick, there's backward, is that it? That was very cute, sir. That was brilliant. He went through all of that song and advanced to get to that. That was very cute. Okay. We have an open line in date, 560560, Pomp560. What can we say about that guy? He's an asshole. Here's Boca Bryant by the way, who came in today's special just so we can meet up with his number one fan. Who we called him before. He said, how late greetings to my close personal friend, Boca Bryant. He's the best in the world. Is that what the guy said before? No. Guys, just jealous. Okay. We should see at all that here. So what was this guy saying about something about on nigger toes? By the way, have you ever heard that expression nigger toes? No, it's a certain kind of nut. What kind of nuts is that before? They call them nigger toes. nuts. Uh, Brazil nuts. That might be it. Have you ever used that expression nigger toes? Anyway, why is that what is everybody looking at me like I just made that up? There's such a thing. Not past the edge of ten. Oh, but yes, little kid do that. Well, there you go. Little kids call all those dark nuts. Here's a plantation. Hello. Any of how are you? Okay, sir. Did you happen to hear about the comments that Alex Baldwin made about Henry Hides? Somebody said yesterday, but my Alzheimer's. I'm a convenient Alzheimer's. It was about the fact that he should be sent back overseas like to Israel somewhere where he would be stoned and he should die and then he got all kinds of negative flack from people. Yeah. So he said it. Why is that? That's what I was wondering. All these rallies don't want to me. I wish him. I mean, his gracious they come. Well, they come in. Maybe Syria would be good. When you wish him any friends would be good. He'd fit in like a rubber glove there. Well, you know, the thing is that he's wishing Henry Hides what he deserves. Yeah. And he's being criticized for it. Well, I say Alex Baldwin for Emperor. Oh, I say we have an open line in Broward. Five six seven, five. You know, when you're a sanctimonious hypocrite, I mean, if you're a pervert, you're like a wave of the flag like I do. Hey, pervert here. And I'm proud of it. proud pervert, P.P. proud of the P.P. proud pervert, even if it is small. But when you start like with this whole year than now, and all my god, he lied to the public and he perided was cabinet and he purchased about what? About what about getting blow jobs? You take that out of the equation. You take the blue dress with a stain on it. And you have nothing. You have 55 million dollars of taxpayer money flushed right down the toilet is what you've got. Nothing's vipy doodah. And isn't it, what an amazing coincidence. That's just suddenly there was some new smoking gun or some new smoking penis that they discovered it that all these so-called moderates and all these wavering were a public and all of a sudden came to the same conclusion like we just found some damaging smoking member or something. Was there any such thing? No, but just overnight. One by one they fell in the line. They goofed down right into line there. And as though somebody were pulling the strings like they were like little puppets, Mary and that's on the end of that string. I think we better get look at Bazi on a goddamn phone. Here's Davy. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. You know, it's liquidly screwed up because he lied it. Almost as a matter, you know, what it was about. Like Bush has said no to no taxes and even lying the and gingrichs didn't lie under us by the way. It's to the grand tour. I mean, you know, there's a higher level. You're smart enough to know that. And what if it's the way? Is that an impeachable offense? I'm smart enough to know that. Is that a good idea? Is that an offense against the government? Is that a danger that government of this country takes a lot about his sexual pecker dillose? I think people would just let him out. This guy for a while and this is where he's screwed up. I mean, it's definitely going to be whether he's throwing out of office or not. It's just not going to look good for him just by being impeached. I mean, what does that mean? It's not going to look good for him. What does that mean? Well, because, you know, he walks around and tell visionary things like he's the king of United States of America. So, he really, basically, I wonder what did he do that? It looks to me like he's aged about 20 years and last the 10 or 12 months, basically, last time I saw him as in yesterday, looks to me like he's aging very ungracefully by the way and under tremendous stress and the rest. And the main timing was over there in Israel, like he promised them in the Gaza doing this thing to try to salvage that Middle East peace thing. And he, you know, is doing this thing over there, bombing them into the stone age and doing every day what he supposed to be doing, which will he's elected to do? See, guys like this, they don't confuse them with the fact. Okay? Because this guy gets sucked into all his rhetoric. Oh, he lied under oath. But you know, something so what? Like Henry High this morning said, the so what defense? And that's what the majority of people would tell you, so what? We don't care. And they can't stand that. The Republicans can't deal with that. So what? Do you lie about anything that anything to do with the operation of the United States government? No, absolutely not. He did what any other rational person, especially a person, a position of prominence would do. I mean, for crying out loud, the goddamn president, he, you know, was hoping that somebody had a brain that some dumb bitch had a goddamn brain and wouldn't start yapping on a goddamn phone. With illegal illegally recorded phone conversations, which were not supposed to be concerned about that about the illegalities that were landed trip. We're not supposed to be concerned about the illegalities with a leaks from Candid Star or the illegal contacts with Paula Jones lawyers. We just watched all of that in the background and talk about this brilliant referral from Judge Star. We know never stole a freight train and that's the best we can say for him. Because we know for a certain that he was nonpartisan. Oh, yeah. 22 before two at five, 60 WQM. What's your work going to go to blind a genius in there for what is it? And the story is what a genius he is by the way. What many brings in today, boys and girls? And old strategy in the back of the two. A lot of car, you listen to the special old chatty fish, not your site town. Lift up a 치. Sleepy 25 times for 각 on smoke coming hail, like a sm rare fish. History I love it. Okay, mix right or z-threateos that are like to never devil over the grass done. That's what it's all about. Here's that building the column from Florida. Howdy duty with glasses. You know what they say about him, don't you? He's an asshole. That's right. On the witness. Yeah, him out of here. Makes me go one of vomit. Devil with a blue dress on with a stained dress. That's what America. And that's why the rest of the world is looking at us like laughing and scratching their head and their ass. Wonder what else going on over here. It's not that it looks very good though. I'm as wrecked on his resume. That's what he's got. He's got that. Okay, where we going here is the North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, man. I knew. I just turned on your radio while I go. I heard you mention Mickey Rock. I, I, okay, we have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5. I wonder how long it would take to get her out of the closet. You know, is that pathetic or was that pathetic, huh? Jesus Christ. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in top-to-ninchality have told me how much of an asshole princess. This is probably why it changes his name. Here's a mobile hello in somewhere. What is it? Well, no, what are you didn't tell you where he was because he's too stupid to figure it out. Okay, an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 50 on the 18th, 10th wireless line. Here's what modernity, oh, hello. Man, what's with that bitch that keeps called about Mickey Rock? Oh, no, she's got her blow up dollar. She's blowing it. Negative on the wife scale, man. Yeah. I guess they can remember about 82 points. I guess they can remember this as a nitpick in 90s where we just nitpicked about everything and everybody's laughing. I want to say it's a lot healthier to know as big that it is to nitpick as long as you got your nails trimmed. I reckon so, oh, yeah, under. Right. But you know, how do you like this bill in the column man? I'm embarrassed that he's like a girl. I don't like that all. You know, but we have got our boat who's good up here. Yeah. There's many more important things that we should be concentrating on. I'm under how many dresses he's stained his, and his pathetic existence. We have a big game on Monday night here. Right. That's right. We need to worry about the background. That's right. You got your guy named Gator Me Too, so go beat it. We have an open line in date, 560561 and Broward and the pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Wait till after two o'clock. Okay. No more sports nerds till after two. Here's cool spring. Hello. Oh, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing tonight? Okay. I just want to say I picked up both just cities. They're volume one and two and then both actually. Thank you. Especially volume one. Especially. And I like to say there's only way you can get on but bombing I react to it. Anyway, you can tell. Okay. You got it. Thank you. In fact, I'm thanks for reminding me of the matter of fact. Okay. They're doing it right now by the way. They're dropping a lot of bomba. They're dropping a big one. Anybody else ever drop a big one? Oh. I'm not bombing back there. Who would every day? Okay. I want to watch it on TV. I react. I react. We've not closed. It should take a day. Let us just put a name to which. I react. I react. I want to wake up and see that cities don't exist. Put them in air and tell that bottom of the scene. We're really pissed. You're on the icegint. That little piece of shit. Eight get in the way. I'll get the mob to make a hit. One more who is your heart. What's up, man? Stop. You go off that now. We all know we're trying to bomb. I react. I react. All right. I react. I react. I react. I want to wake up. And see that city is on the floor to fifth. Put them in the air. And say that win number one. That's for the heat. Oh. We can't be beat. I can't we have one. But coming out. One that's not safe. Let's make up for King Lada. Oh. That old bar. Okay. When all the boys are there. I'll do a show with that shit share and stay good fine. I react. I react. I react. I react. Total. That's the man. Bang. Bang. That's. Ouch. Okay. 150. 50. I think you never know what a dancing is over. It puts the notion in the bars. 10 till 2 at 5. 60. WQA. And your sports neurotic station for the night.