have in which is a nice big six lane highway which they widened just in honor of the guy damn macarena and they got all these guy damn uh... cones they're in the road even david call was laying around in there those wrong with them why don't you just make it easy stop trying to overreguid the traffic left the people out let him go in hell are going to go and stop at all the bs already with you man here's pepper pines hello hey i don't know great uh... first off i want to uh... i went to the borders uh... the one on the one on uh... flamingo and sunrise kind of you know on top of it here's the grass right uh... i went in there on starting warning because i i was going to make the traffic all the way over to your place right and so i go in there and ask the cd to leave behind the cash goes i hate that guy and i said what really yeah it was a little short little Hispanic lady i stopped in their all the time at that border she has so hey what he like points he works he works you know which one of the not have no idea no one but what kind of a thing would definitely say that the customary way since borders is supposed to be promoting this we know and kind of a comment is that to make we know she's like i can't believe you actually this is like you know this and i can't believe that you know i mean i bring him up there's a green bit of the one it's exactly you know absolutely ridiculous so but not many people showed up at the one over there uh... now maybe we'll show up here i mean we raised about the thirty five hundred bucks which isn't too bad but the one that's all the doors we're just going there now that's just that one store and just in the two hours we were there really i thought to that all now so another now that people can buy them in the borders all the time they don't the they've already got six hundred picture cards for me sign so yeah i was uh in fact maybe we'll just phase out these appearances sounds real great to me yeah but uh yeah you know i i go tell you we love it we love the cd you know they're pretty good you know especially like the monocone and i think you have like the topic like kind of together you know if you know it's good search all over the place you don't have to keep looking for it exactly okay so all right i love you all thanks a lot i love you i'd like that to bitch at the borders over there by ben he wouldn't make it up because this guy's a fan okay and if you just tell by the on the answer to the call he wouldn't be making that up i mean what would it say it's like if you put the whole store and it is is a big behind the counter all i hate that off there i can't stand i know of course not a subordinate of record store to me before though it has you yeah well what kind of garbage is that let's let's say in other words if you're buying it that means you like it do you care if the current if the court behind the counter likes it of course not if it's a team in fact you're only gonna be you're only gonna be insulted because some zitt arrives with zitt face asshole behind the counter makes some kind of a cost to comment like you're imputing your taste how do you like that do i like it no boy that that is sunday but he needs three for there we go we're back to that again huh but he needs three for you're gonna sell him oh my god maybe they can get fullest to be working over there at borders that would be good 151 at five 60 because now that we did the drawing give those tickets away we got two open lines and brought to a date 604 miars we got lines open all over the goddamn place even mark two for it ever saw so many lines five six seven oh five 60 and pump five 60 on the 18t line 18 to eight out channel 69 offers you a full day of programming of us trying to impress ourselves and we don't mind if you do need to watch a fishing contest about a control interns trying to out cool each other like human intensive shows spoken in obligatory English so cute with you feel like you just picked you castros garlic live in studio dotios with acoustic so cabinets midch miller with blush with embarrassment oh yeah that's okay guy it might but we're here at where cool we be the bomb jettles 16 you are putting the wherming on television at your senses their machin and baby they possibly USA that's on that's on twice now on Sunday where you were there those old pastio worn out whatever the hell I call no seriously did there all then there were even the match ones to have faded it's like old prints that I like from 100 years ago remember old prints yes and you know what the fabulous place but they got to make one change yeah since we have a new stadium we don't we have a new panther announcer this guy Chris Moore it's like listening in listen he's like I did with a stadium no no I'm saying arena no no arena is love like yeah and but I'm saying since the panters made the new change on they should they love him don't you understand they really believe this guys are hockey announcer but did you listen I don't listen to him I would never listen him and by the way the good news is all 82 games this year will be on sports channel even though you got put up with my friend river and didn't spot that which is a big improvement over that moron on this station so the thing to do is you know turn on your radio turn this down down and turn on your TV said it was like he was announcing a funeral right okay well I love you thanks a lot okay hold your breath hold your breath for that the christina moron to be gone he's got naked pictures of the injured no ain't even here anymore that's all I think he got the job are we gonna get started on him again this year I wouldn't even waste my time I wouldn't waste my breath with it okay because people are real hockey fans which they're very few from down here but those of us from real living and breathing please places who for real hockey announces great announces like billy he went and then a gallab and a mic laying in rich genera and the Ken Wilson and people in for a music who really know how to broadcast the hockey in make it exciting Bob cool when he was early for yet his heart attack those that crowd then we know what are real hockey announces all about you call this guy a hockey announcer no only Paul Harvey Jr but okay so here we are almost at the end of the day we've lost is he we lost is he we lost woodie because I he got upset with me because of the I told the truth about the cross guy amphitheater what a outdoor toilet it is so we lost woodie graver that's two now we got sandy back but that was only I think temporarily we ever heard from just at one time just this one time we heard from sandy did we get anybody else back from did we get anybody from the TV show no like one or two but that that was intermittent that was along the way so we are a listener short that's the problem is he and Woody which sounds a little bit pornographic to me we lost those two forever I don't know what I did to is he he's gone that's okay what hold it against you just won't paint my house again that's all right but we lost them we picked up sandy maybe so I think it will count her like as a half because I don't know if she's back not sliding lady we don't know if she's still out there that's what we're gonna have to do tomorrow we're gonna have to like rekindler our old friendships out there because it's getting really grim this whole radio stations getting grim I don't know see other shows they'll talk to each other both camper was on the other day he's talking to Donnie B for two hours because there's nobody calling maybe everybody out there in fact I'm coming to work this morning was like a holiday maybe most of the people died we just didn't report it yet huh maybe all the old fart died we just yeah except my mother we can't have that happen because I got a lot of vacations coming up and they we shall get in that moment here early but first reminder tonight this is the demarcation point in my life this is the moment of truth that I've between six and eight PM at the pizza loss I want to ask that I wonder he why wouldn't why do he say that well just because it's one of those things you know one of those things where we have to lay down the gauntlet we have to put it right out there in the line and say if we have our faithful loyal people out there they want to help us out with a set of one campaign they want to show us some tangible support they want to show up there to pizza law either just out front in the front of the thing where they got the table set up and by the best of the yield from the CDs and cassettes from set of one of the t-shirts the great t-shirts that the t-shirt Tom came up with from Captain Glory or better yet come in and actually sit down and eat a very inexpensive meal at the pizza law let's play the guy damn pizza law jungle okay and I assure you by the way the Jeff will not touch your food up with the physical down with the fence and with the bakery everybody dance girls win the rags on up against the walls guys with a horn on promenade all girls grab your partners firmly by the balls drag them down the lake of the hall make them holler make them shout what you pretty as the begins is now I need to go and speculate the past earth and they just finger up the boards guys I come figure out promenade the halls now released the poor guys balls down with the pedico up with the fence and the end of the dirty square dance don't do all right I'm sorry now I think the whistle brand needs a red rod but say all right because we're dealing with spinyloses really is over there you know that's why they're here if they were courageous as rarely they'd be over there fighting here but they're over here they went out anybody can went on come over here go back over there to the wailing wall and whale on a maddie you fat slob you idiot you vault headed geek you jackass these are two guys they're experienced in television these are two guys they bring in from out of town to run a TV station they're combined experience in television between the two of them is oh there they go zero man they don't even own a guy damn television they don't even not they don't forget about having a remote control they would know how to hit one to make the set go on that's what these guys do about television the big there you go okay so we survived through that and we had our ones that are two's left that one might we actually have for about two minutes or three share on it but in the meantime no promotion no nothing they're screwed up to show a lot of stuff I put the stuff on days after it's already you know but on but then we get to this stone forever business okay how did skew for a human being what piece of walking experiment took that card off and that's my stand that's been sitting there firmly in trench for several days now and I mentioned a George what happened to God damn card that was sitting up on it this is all robbers in their parking lot on Friday Rob Kaplan was in here didling with my goods on Friday how do you like that which I've often fantasized about that but I didn't think it was gonna be these goods are you ready for that Rob Kaplan was in here feeling with my joint on Friday and again I don't blame in him I understand he wants that grow the big period of the heavy's working on it real hard Stephanie's working on it trying to grow the big pair they're not growing though they're like babies because Maddy and Vicki are upset so they take my postcards stone forever out of here because we're what an impossible now want you to keep in mind during the entire half hour show last night I'm puffing on a goddamn stogi okay George is sitting in there blowing smoke we got you can't even sing in here it's like we're lost in a big effort cloud in this goddamn place okay let me like this up again okay just to make my point how many times did I like this during that half hour last night I watch it in show it'll give you a cancer and a tumor and a calia bad for you and we don't want to pay all your medical bills okay there you go smoke up the ass all of the goddamn place we're blowing smoke so here I am smoking stogi's on his show which I do almost every day on his show and have been for four months now for more than a time smoking it's got nothing to do with your anti smoking campaign it's got to deal with the fact and of course on kinets frequency they're smoking all kinds of stuff who knows what they're smoking on at you every night over that's after midnight well a big deal we have more disclaimers on there about parental discretion and there are doing all kinds of growth test things on there and put your kids in the goddamn oven and get them out of here put them in the dumpster in the you know enjoy it had nothing to do with the fact that they're running an anti smoking campaign it had to do with that they're spying less and gutless and really if they were smart if they would do something that fits in with their own mentality they would have spider-man and mash on twenty four hours at it that's that's their level that's the level of whammy channel 69 spider-man and mash and maybe once in a while the monsters and if they really want to get carried away can you possibly say but not the one where Rocky comes out naked with the towel around his waist not that one that's getting a little bit too carried away okay okay yeah bet I mean you talk about gutless cowards the essence of this show is that it is outrageous that I say things on here that make a hell of a lot of sense by the way like the stupid goddamn pot laws in this country if I were some kind of a pond head if I've been smoked the crap which I don't even like the way it smells much less than having dessert of smoke it then I'd be like a norma can't you know I'd be like on here try to encourage people to do it I don't give a crap on your smoke or not it's innocuous it's in name it's ridiculous and when I do go to Amsterdam and you walk down the street they're like a rude of gasoline and every other street and there's a cafes and your smell you know each each cafe has got a menu not exactly like this one that we got on this card here not exactly like this one that's got for example FCD popper from the Vatican holy grass 50 gilders 25 bucks but it anyway in you you walked down the street and the the aroma of the pot and the hatch that's being smoked inside lots out of the street you say thanks actually when you come and fact you're not really sure whether it's the dog on the street or whether it's the pot that there's smoke it inside and who cares and nobody they're not having re-for-madness over there people aren't shooting each other in a street over there they're doing it here last time I checked so it's the point of putting this up here is to make a point to make a goddamn point and there's run in so goddamn scared like I said this show is too hot for them to handle it has been since the f***ing beginning okay that's right since the very first f***ing show it was too goddamn no don't don't start sticking stuff on here okay remember the bird since since this the puts put this uh see right it's all this stuff and here am I a 360 all of a sudden now he's putting drop-in I'll know my own drop-ins thank you haven't heard the way it sounds over on Sheridan Street when the board-ups put those stupid drop-ins there behind whoever's on the air I didn't do nothing sounds like a kindergarten radio not even high school radio I didn't do nothing that that that that that that that that that oh come on give me a break it's back to that same mentality you got I'm perfectly equipped thank you to handle my own crap in here okay oh my god spionless gutless cowards whose idea her really revolutionary show was out loud with this poor grease ball a bit air is sweating up a storm poor build direct that was their idea of a revolutionary local show over there that was hot is that gone uh I won't see that no more yeah them and us where the ones are getting canceled everybody else is still on our generation in yay is there anybody watching generation in yeah oh they ever get a number no city does there's still the one of the same city that's that stupid hero show which the hero does long since stop writing about whammy by the way but nevertheless they're hoping they might do it again they're running the same episode of the tool ladies where they found the dead body in the condo just to run that 600 times oh yeah yeah that little bag you know they found a dead body in about oh yeah 1027 and 560 WQM you're stupid back did you want probably really Americans anyway probably here like I like I said on the temporary green card or where they had to get a red card from the soccer officials given the red card okay they're sitting out the messages grow up America that's the message on their show you know I see a tremendous parallel between the American attitudes about drugs certain ones which are called drugs which are growing a backyard in the ground and this crap that's going on and washing it right now all of this crap the entire country the whole world is being subjected to this garbage and of course we know it's not partisan right every single vote yesterday of the house judiciary committee every single vote 21 on one side 16 on the other side 21 Republican 16 Democrats we know there's no politics involved there's all non-partition and they really want to come up with a fair answer and be fair to the president and the country and the world and everybody on the same thing grow up America coming to the real world stop with this sanctimonious constipated hypocrisy which is really what America's all about and I guarantee you some of the same assholes that are sitting there running these no smoking campaigns in order to rise we have never seen in fats over he goes to the doctor and he's standing on the treadmill down dellways the diet doctor and the doctor this cracked doctor is standing with a stethoscope and he's smoking a cigarette while diamonds and he's looking at his a watch and he's got the stethoscope but he and he's a puffin away on a faggot while down dellways is doing the treadmill same thing how many people involved in these no smoking campaigns and the screaming and yelling because it plays good with the public how many people are puffin away right now and got on those with this broken maddie smokes maddie smokes that you know is really hypocritical piece of crap maddie smokes you pervert oh my you're gonna meet he was smoking this is a no smoking zone mister u.s. hole we're gonna blow so much guy damn smoking here it's gonna look like they just elected new that's what we're gonna do that's right just wait till tomorrow we got plans for you I wouldn't be surprised if the show somehow doesn't get on tomorrow night I'm not gonna tip my hat what we're gonna be doing in here tomorrow all of us everybody in here and there will be nothing illegal about it but he'll ever know for sure probably fat you'll have to take a drug test over there on the Thursday by the time we get done with this of course he's got so much crap in his system what that would show up in that God Man I'm right enough again just relax okay I'm just lighten up my nice cigar from Nick Because I want to make sure that none of you out there smokes it cuck you know and this is the this is the I'm using part of the whole deal you go everywhere else in the world they smoke And if they die they die but that's their only picture on poison you go into the supermarket and there's all these night twice in night traits and preservatives and chemicals people are dying every day People are getting cancer like it's going out of the style in this country because everything is made for shelf life not for your health It's big money it's big bucks they put it up there in this shelf so it'll last a long time and at many times It's got all kinds of crap in it that you're putting in your body and some of you're gonna die from cancer from it Does that mean I'm gonna sit here and pacific it? Oh, whatever you know don't go out and eat the fill in the black don't eat Yeah, that oh gee don't eat that Whatever you do By the way speaking if don't eat this or don't eat that all you stock market experts out there What's the markets having a pretty good day so far today we underlined so far? The dow is up 101 the Nasdaq's up about 32 something like that But all the experts out there what are I tell you these people don't know what they're talking about any of them now Let's think of one of them they may know all the terms and all the ends in the out but as far as really have it any idea What they're telling you they're just a bunch of peddlers they're just making their commission and they're selling their sales holes I can't remember not too many months ago and everybody all these does the Boston market with the darling of all the stock experts Oh, yeah, that's gonna be big it's only $15 a share What yesterday Boston market declared the chapter 11 and they closed down 170 eight of their 1143 home style Boston market restaurants including the wedding plantation by the way And guess what they stock which they were touting at 15 is such a bargain Guess what Boston market is selling it right now 50 cents a share oh my god that means if you would have bought if you would have invested 150,000 if you would have bought 10,000 shares at 15 bucks a piece Is that right? Yeah, that's right 10,000 shares with about 150 grants that today that was just a few months ago That's what they would be worth $500 $500 your 150 grand will be worth five grand All right Another big tip from the experts baby Oh, man, am I getting a headache thinking about that? 45 at five sixty wqm continuing with our theme of grow up America which makes me want to Stay up on the right. I just think about it Dave hide once again, you know, this Dave hide at the Sun Sentinel even an asshole. Oh my god talk about growing up You know here Here's this story about you know and of course they're doing it to boost up the excitement because we got two really mediocre teams That were the worst two teams in league last year so we have to have this big contract Contraved versus between the lightning and the panthers will be playing Friday night the opening game in the amacorina So panthers say Tampa players used racial slurs and gestures about Peter or Raleh Here's the new deal This is a game where guys takes sticks and wack each other over the head who give each other other concussions Who do permanent bodily damage to each other who do some of the most grow test things to each other in a history of the human god damn race And now they're doing something even worse. They're calling each other name That's right You Fucking Indian Yeah, well, that's right. We had that thing with Chris Simon last year You know good you King Schwarzer And so evidently a couple of lightning players are alleged to have had Tucker and McCarthy okay standing McCarrot McCarthy and Dersie Tucker Allegedly called Peter well and ape and they were saying you Stap At the exhibition game over their last Saturday and the panther players as they went off the ice called Jock the murs the coach of the Tampa Bay lightning a Frog which I say All right Because he is a King frog is there any other kind. Oh, of course not He's a King frog that dropped the murs So they have hide of courses just outrage this morning. Other one of our great sports columns It is backwater horse ball town NHL can't allow racism to continue Oh, yeah, that's right. So it's deteriorated. This could deteriorate into the worst and bloody is display of hockey Friday since slap shot I guarantee it'll be a bad display of hockey all right, but not because of violence or name calling Yes, sticks and stones especially hot is not how that goes hockey sticks and stones can break my bones But names are a bunch of crap. Is that the way that thing goes? That's what they told me was it could grow in up they said hockey sticks and stones But all the other call people names is a bunch of crap. Yeah, right as in you stupid fact whatever you are who cares? I mean what they've hide you ought to run in hide you ought to be low for the guide them Henry hide Man, oh, what a what a column just perfect for just ripping up into little pieces and smithorines here about Gary Batman's got this big job to do now because Santa McCarthy said this and Chris Simon said that at this one. Yeah, right Not only are they trying to kill each other out there and he ice they're calling each other names. Oh my god How the hell are we gonna survive that Grow up America, okay, it's stopping so up tight about everything Everything in this country. We're up tight about no wonder we got all these side Kai trists to make a big bucks in this country Don't replace it in world where everybody's got at least two or three personal shrinks even at even that slot Monica Had a shrink that I ring cassora bitch that I was reading that stuff yesterday the good stuff Which I noticed not have that gun that how should you this year a committee or not that gotten a hearing Don't confuse those 21 Republicans and 16 Democrats with any information because it's strictly a partisan bunch of horseball crap President hadn't a fair they tried trying to get everybody to cover it up cover his tracks like every other human being in the world does And now we got a big major investigation and Ken Star is leaking and leaking and leaking We're checking to check that urine, okay, get a urine sample from Ken Star and check it right away Where's what he smoking with his bull crap and Henry hides it's up there with a straight face yesterday Well, you know, and of course then they want a passing this thing that they're gonna send out the full house Oh, yes, we want to brought us we don't want to have our hands tied like Rob Kaplan We want to have the broadest possible investigation here so we can go back to file gate and white water and travel gate and gate gate and the yeah Even though after four and a half years and 50 million fifty five million dollars now He couldn't find one goddamn thing to implicate Clinton on any of that stuff well We just just in case just in case something pops up Oh, not that but in just in case something slow. There's across there. It does we just want to keep it open So that we have something to nail his ass with even though this is totally nonpartisan and They don't come any more fair in juniors use than that and white hair and Henry hide and then they sit there because they know that this hearing is on television So they're all sitting there acting very diplomatic because they want to give the appearance of being bipartisan and yet Erby voter strictly along political lines are they kidding anybody anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Oh, of course They're not a tremendous waste of time because we live in a country where people refuse to effen grow up. That's right That's why we can't even that's why I have to stay effen as An effen's civilist junior because the FCC is the warrant police to a baby There are the warrant police Because if he should say on a year. Oh my god everybody in that whole world will take up right there on a floor Grow the hell off like you go to Europe and you hear these songs and they got every word that's ever been invented And then you hear the American version that comes over here with the videos and they all have to be sanitized They have to take the words out because we know I don't offend anybody because our people are emotional cripples They've been raised and trained to be emotional cripples and This whammy thing. Let me say it again if you think I'm finished with this you ain't heard nothing yet And I know the show they're gonna take it off. I don't really care as you're gonna change my life Is it gonna change my income one dime for the next eight months? No, in fact after that is gonna make a difference to me Really when you come right down to it. I'm making an in any money really when you come right down that no And I mean the trend is response we've had on their show since we've been doing that TV show I think maybe it's having an inverse effect So it's not gonna change my life when I owe to that's not the point This isn't sour grapes because everything else they put on here has turned to crap anyway So why should we be any different? Anybody any jackass can get out a bunch of old video tapes in our reels of mash And the monsters and throw that on there and keep positive USA from 100 years ago and throw that on a year and Get a two or three share with oh yeah, there's mash I recognize that wow that's heavy duty Maddie you're real genius he smokes Talk about a hypocrite man. That would be my life like my shit and here's an old on smoke and puffin cigar smoke In your face Don't smoke it's bad for your kids. I don't kill you. Oh, yeah, I mean it's okay for me because I'm an old fart I'm gonna die anyway one of you, dude When you kid you're out here don't be smoking Brad horror How about educating people how about giving them information about the food about the water they drink about the stuff they stick in their post and then let them make their own stupid decision That do that Welcome our can't keep this link lit Thank you chumped. There goes let's go. No, I can't keep it lit because I'm wasting all this time talking here That is a really impediment to keep in your story lit. There's a message for all you kids out there. Okay Don't come up for oxygen Hmm There you go. Don't forget peaceful off six day to clock tonight Ratial slurs at the hockey games what are we gonna do about that? Huh? What are we gonna do about that? You boys better be nice to each other out there and don't be call me each other no names you crazy old fraud That was my favorite Jocten Merris is all standby Tucker and McCarthy. I was called a Fucking frog when I left the ice by some panter players, but I overlooked it. I wasn't happy with it But I didn't report it to the league He would report it to the league that they called him a fucking frog Give me a break that would be like us calling Denise pop that a fucking frog or something like that Too bad you're still a fucking frog and a dumb one to boot You're a dumb fucking frog. How do you oh gee we're pouring that one to the league you went a little too far that one Is this country ever gonna grow up no chance no chance So let's hear today from all these people that are like very righteous about that I want to tell us about how marijuana is evil and terrible any legal and the is gonna what put this door We're gonna have re-promadness again and that maddie's probably right because I'm sure before the day is I will have somebody given us a song in advance about that Just wait till tomorrow you ain't smell the you ain't stiff nothing yet, okay? We haven't burned anything yet here Here's our first call. This is the first call I've been on a roll here for 55 minutes these phones ought to be smoking by now because we sure are But I gotta do a break Hey, I'll get to the goddamn calls when I feel like at the weight of these last five shows I've got man. I wouldn't wish it. I'm god. I got them here. I'm I'm garing the way the audience has been these last a few days 567.0560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line see all your kids out there when you smoke those Doggy Sorry you start gagging and choking. It's bad for you. Oh my god. It's a killer Hey, let's talk about a good friends. It's a level of one at five 60 WQM good luck to Jim Leeland by the way. I like I told you how many weeks ago We tell you this he's going to a Denver to manage the Iraqis and we already know that Jesus all big shock here last week that press conference that they got all been out of shape that we didn't carry like it was a big Oh, he's leaving. He can't believe in you surprise Here's a parade hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How you doing? Okay. I'm guys about the cutting edge show Don't say bull crap together Yeah, I Was just the price I just know they're bull I would just surprise how you know my partner's unfortunate I can't mention the name of our company Yeah, because they're been still involved with that right jerk off and I From the first day like column over there they call him Johnny jerk off. That's his nickname over there Wami. That's all I'm just he opened his mouth. I knew they were stuck wrong with this And I tried to tell my prime is this but they would so overwhelmed with all these promises He's an asshole. Yeah, I saw you've been kind of all human asshole. I Can't say the words on here that would really describe you know perfectly well We got a whole of Barry Dillett's home phone number. We gave him a couple of calls really yeah It's published in the magazine called subpop and he along with a few other celebrities He answered one of his boyfriend. I know he answered oh great answer And he actually talked to us. Well, that was pretty damn my wife. Yeah, which the right way yeah, but enough about that I'm I'm I'm Baffles why won't the vent cover can not treat a Honvo Boris for a whole team They have that that's gonna have Bob well's gonna be out there the whole Friday all all by himself against the vent cover against Tampa calling them names There you go, okay, thanks for the scoop there you go the load out on Maddie Wami a real jackass Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th wireless line Here's a mobile in broken. Hello Yeah, you know, I'm on it to you show one a deal. You monitor my show. Yeah, okay monitor there's okay jackass I know exactly who that is Mr. Mr. let's take a good shot and Bob have a yeah monitor your show on a daily But you know something I wouldn't waste ten seconds with you. I think yet about four seconds there, okay That was four seconds too much My mouth contains our post jackass. I monitor your show get a life, okay If you don't like what you're hearing on your show find something you do like that's called diversity That's called the American way is what it's called, okay? You jerk ball you jackass Man and he monitors that's the American fucking way. Yeah, right We have an open line in the route in two and eight five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty in the 18th to wireless line Here's pumping. Hello Morning Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Imagine you know I'm reading this article about these racial slurs and stuff like that Yeah, and John Timers I can chat because somebody called him a frog. I mean this has been going on the way What was that? Our phone just imploded on this call because the guy said King Frog or something like that. Wow Open line in the Broward to and date I do a 55 minute monologue here this morning I'm going ape I'm worked up into a frenzy and I got the open lines on his board Same old craft and one of the asshole that we had called here two calls back he's monitoring the show He's give me a report Go get a life these it is he's not listening cause he enjoys the show. He's a massacit these monitoring To save the world from that fat bag on a radio right Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty Compive sixty on the 18th wireless line Virginia key hello Neil I'm monitoring your show Sound like I told you all He's an asshole right Got to be say I I watch your show where me some time you're the one yeah, and I see you guys looking he's Doge you yeah, I mean I'm a libertarian. I mean I don't care what you do with your own body You know, I mean if you want to smoke cigar You smoke a reef or go ahead. I can give a crap rest. I think reef should be legalized. Yeah, not an even smoke It's so exactly and I feel the same way. Yeah, what kind of garbage is this the government tells you what kind of plants You can grow in the backyard, but but I just what my thing is and I'm not militant about this because there's somebody She's looking at cigar. I just walk away. I don't I don't scream at them But you know second-hand smokes will bog bugs me you know, but but but anyway I had a good friend of mine used to working a little office the school encapsulated office and she changed broker And I would go in there sometimes the the seller and add her some and She had no vina all the sales or what a great point Was pouring into the area. What a great. Yeah, I was worried about you that's all It's all she read that worried about me with one. No, it we have to it's it's safe and out immediately But what in the Gary Sarasarn who's all roughest actual plans? Okay, yeah, okay Open line and brown all of Dave County were right back at it again. We got two other open lines on the boy Here's the lady in poor waterdale. Hello Hello, yes, man. He'll I just find let you know I'm the other viewer that watches you on whanney All rough to two that's good and I saw you at four years better day and I have to tell you you look so good in person Oh, yeah, TV is not your friend You know you look so much better in person. Well, I keep going that I'm flattering the shop from the side You know, we're looks like I've got my eyebrows are falling out like David Feary from Kennedy assassination Yeah, they do a lot on flattering. Well, that's TV for you know, they want to show every pimple Irby's bit Well, I have a right, you know, you look fantastic. Well, I know Wayne high ping-o. I'll tell you that. Okay. Have a great day sweet Okay, I look good We have an open line in the anybody believe I look good. No, I don't think so open line a day one in Broward five six seven 0.5 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Mobile in 10 book time. Hello You know, I'm another viewer to the whammy station three well I take a lot of your shows for a future You know what for four years from now when you retire Yeah, when you better start taping real fast the next month Well, I've been taping a lot of the fact I've got over about a hundred to set for the show No, maybe yeah, well, you know, you know, you know, hey look as much as you may not want Yeah, I mean or accept it, but you do help make it the end. I'll sort of show that one ask you something When they do the QAM update He was a bulletin and nobody selected anybody from the Panthers waiver. I mean You know, we didn't get anybody in an L.E. State and nobody was you know picked up. Yeah, I mean who do we have? Who do we have? I say not a question who do we have? They're trying destiny. We're trying desperately to dump Kirk Muller Terry Cargnor in the jet-nortn. They were hoping desperately they were praying In fact, they were some of them were in church some of them were in school yesterday praying that somebody would pick one of those guys in a waiver Drought to nobody did there are a lot smarter than we are. Hey, I got my 15 games of all my cheap man I can't wait to go to the new arena right you'll know we haven't been there yet. I've been there but not for a game You know enough of the game. I'm ready. I'm knocking roll on first game. All right LA What thing about smoke? It really bothers me. Yes, is if I was an employer Uh, I would be so pissed off because all this I work in every ten minutes. These people got to go take a break I mean how many hours a day they lose and productive? All right. That's why the stock market's going to crap her because America's losing millions of Manhours of work and woman hours every year with his smoking all these people going out in a break What are you store every time I go downstairs in a building Gary Sarner sitting out there in a stoop smoking a stogi every time at the other Joy there was Steve neck a lot in the back stoop smoking a faggot every time and wait your time if you don't throw Give you sparring up not the smoke and your stuff pick it up the slack for these the I used to work at a company We had to answer the phones old incoming calls all the time so always people they every hour I'll take my break now 10 minutes and I've wish to know like well when is our break? We don't get it. That's why the whole world economy is going to hell on a handbag get because of smoking breaks in a murder You're right if I see one more jep push stick drum You know I think that's like peel off the people's cars Yeah Okay, proud Everything Don't blind in the Broward to and date 567 560 pound five 60 on the 18t line level nine Q a m Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yes, how are you Neil? Okay? I listen not a long time to listen there I just go born here. I go because of you I change my life and I just come to say hi You change your life. Well, you know you I don't even feel for four years I got into the Atkins I get I got to love a lot of way. I got a new job. I got a rise. There you go Leave you glory then anymore. I leave you I moved to Dallas. Oh good. Yeah, I know I'm enjoying my god and I need to know you are a busy station But I like to keep it a secret we don't want to get too many all listening that there gets very on wheel The when he audience gets too big. I like to give a small and convenient I'm not a lot of you I'm I'm gonna be here for the next three days and I listen to you show this morning I was trying to get the Vico-emission inspection report. Yeah, yeah, what your apples over there? But anyway people here in Miami are crazy I never realized it's realized that until I moved out of here and You said a lot of things that I'm sure a lot of people Understand but they don't think action. I used to caption and believe me my life change. I'm a happy man Good for you, Pat. I make a lot of money now Congratulations Wow, and I just think you're a god and I didn't even know I want to my friends. You have tape I may one of you are pissed of neals. You know when they do you are You're gonna borders. They got all our new stuff in borders right now all the borders all over the day And Brian. I got you get out of me. Oh, okay? But anyway, you want to say hi. They're gonna love the yors and good luck Have a great life pal. Have you will see you get out of here? Okay, we got all the deadlines opening And we've got a very very serious problem in day counting that's the abilities last the two three weeks I would say and it's getting worse. It's like the world markets man getting worse by the minute We have we have the alienation of affections in day counting Not only can't we get like a real color in Boko who is an Ojo-Perochator in a real major asshole like that one guy Who monitors and I show every day with a scratchy voice article back on a subway and get out of here But we got a date problem that is devastating if we could put date back together We might actually have a life here, but I have my doubts 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 on the 182 wireless line in date Here's dear field hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? Good Listen, I was wondering um I just saw a commercial here on whammy about here We're doing a spot on your program. Uh-huh Your program. He didn't spot on it. Oh, yeah Commercial anyways. Joel wipe it off Anyways, what they said is they said you can see of a 10 30 only right 30 PM. Why did it used to be at 9 30 and 10 30? Yeah, now it's 10 30 only now 10 30 only yeah Now, I whenever they feel like putting it on that's the way it's been since the beginning since we began this Escapade with the high school television whenever they feel like putting it on that's what they do I mean, I've been up and up in the field in our on Sunday night. They stick it on their Sunday Now they got football shows to stick on it. They stick football shows on air. We're out Unbelievable. Yeah, this is the way that it's been going on because the thing is so even if you found a show on That station that you like the odds of you being able to find it again like a couple of weeks later Our slimden on right right in the same time slot right in stand Let me answer question. I want to ask your opinion on something else How do you feel about a mission Inspectioned for the state of Florida? Joe Joe gets it's a scam to raise a few bucks. That's all They stick a little pipe up your uh Recto and that's it and they give me the $10 and have a great life We need auto inspection in the states who haven't stated for a hundred years Exactly, we don't have all these people with ball pires They're a little bit up old brown Toyota's out there. No insurance and no headlights and no brakes But does this Florida pal? Unreal no because I mean we we have some me and my family have some thoughts about you know moving back up North India I know you've mentioned Canada before my my life is from Toronto Yeah, and she's wanted Toronto and everything and you mentioned the picture I think you live here if you were from Toronto How did nobody survive in this place? Well the thing is that she's from the I was born in the state But I have family that live in Montreal and we're deeply considering probably up to my All this one finishes elementary school. We're thinking about just packing it and going up there. I'm so much we all No, I'm too much Toronto. Oh That'd be a good move and definitely the right direction believe me. Yeah, I mean I mean I think things are a little more secure there than they are here Little more secure and the people get along there and it's a great sitting. There's a lot to do and It's a real place with a real downtown and it's a real living and breathing place. That's it. Okay, pal good luck Thank you. Thank you. I hope it line and brow became we get date problems again today 567. Oh 560 here's our last call. This is Neil Rogers last time ever you believe me Oh last time ever that he says this date County. I went through 55 freaking minutes here We've got people trying to censure the goddamn TV show because they got no sense of humor in their Uptight and they were a bunch of hypocrites sitting in pumping stokees and baggage out of their post and running around talking about how they got a no smoking campaign on there So get rid of the stone forever card. It's a joke card from Amsterdam Sensoring our goddamn show on there to the people in date County care. Oh, they've anything to say No, it's got to be something going on with this phone There has got to be this can't possibly be a 2 million people in date County and I'm sitting here 22 and a half years on a year. I can't get one One bump for asshole in date County. The call is ready. Oh show anymore I went away that one week on vacation I'd come back here and this is a nightmare It's like the end of the world here There is one. Let's get the other two. How can we do three? You think we might do three? Yeah, just to fill up that board for one minute I Think back to that 57 day Joe D'Amizio record breaking streak I had years ago on the other station 57 days in a row never gave out a phone number Never gave out a freaking phone number 57 days in a row and The new deal isn't and you know the sad part of it is these people I say about 50% of this audience really believes that I enjoy doing this that that's what I come in here every morning bright Nearly in bushy I didn't tell the Harvard that goes to come in here and do this to big people to talk about the stuff that either I was talking about or that they want to talk about here's a big thing in a paper arena events strike bright court Too open and conscious draw. Rae review is from fans that retainers everybody at the macarooner is in Thursday Went nuts. It says here over 40,000 people for the Celine Dion and Elton John concerts And they all loved it. They had a great time. What do we get? And a place stops an air. We that's all we get sour negative hostile Including from Boka that guy who sure I'm gonna tell you something there's so many of you out there If you just get out of bus we pay your bus for a packet. It's still sandwich and Just go anywhere and Let people here have a real life just we're just begging you. Let us have a life just go to hell away Don't go away mad just go away fast Maddie Here's a lady in Naples. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I've got a sketchy voice over here in Naples. That's so many ways I used to call you when I was a flower girl. I know Boka. Yeah, anyways I'm my son. I saw you on 595. What colors are corvette red? I did I saw you on 595 Wow, yeah, what heavy do I thought it was blue so yeah, that's right. Oh, it's all you great Anyways, my brother's out about hi and I'm gonna try to for Here's the vodka girlfriend that moves there from London. Yeah. I'm from Michigan, but I listen to Del River outside of Windsor for a few years now it's grown up. Yeah, it's beautiful over there. Yeah, it's over here in Naples to them It is where you are. You can say that again You can say that it's very again. It's nice for Naples nice or Naples even with all those gypsies They got there right and I like being able to come over there in an hour and a half time You know, you should go to pop and I'll love there by the sea. Yeah, but anyway, it's always empty What is it? I would be empty today. It's still there. It's still there. Yeah, but rather than ever You had to go to Italy. I would live in breathing people as how it is Did you read it go to Italy or Nate? I like them both. All right. I like the food nearly and I like the people in the amstudame I've been to my or Christine and Got one yeah, well, that's a start. Okay, have a great life. Okay We have an open line in day one and Broward five six seven O five 60 at pound five 60 out of 18 T wireless line It's like waking the dead. I'm gonna. I'm serious next week I'm doing a show in a sanitary We're gonna do a remote. We're gonna go out of remote. We never did that on the station before We're gonna do this show in the middle of a cemetery forest lawn someplace. We'll find one Let's go and I'm gonna do the show in the middle of a funeral parlor I guarantee you get the same response I'm not gonna take phones. I just talked to the people in the tombstone. That's all get the same response We've been getting here the last six shows Here's Fort Myers. Hello Hi Neo. Yes, sir. What do you think about the pops he planned? Are in star You know far the other okay We have an open line in Broward five six seven You know we're glad to be back on in Fort Myers. We're tickled to death. We're delighted just to don't call us We'll call you okay Bar and star the Bob's he twins all right. There's a little Fort Myers humor for you there not too much We don't want to get carried away Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Are you? I'm okay. I'll drive it again here today Two things. Yeah, I'm on business and I was at one of my accounts and this old fellow was just laughing his belly out He had his headset on so I I asked him I said you wouldn't be listening to me. Oh, would you and He said Jen and we talked a little bit So the next time I stopped that stop he was there when he listening or was he just monitoring? He was listening and several so several people around and they were just looking at him kind of funny because he was just fussing at gut Yeah, anyway the next time I stopped He was getting on he was talking to me Seriously about Christianity, you know, and I just I thought that was a little bit strange I Ronic yeah, yeah, a little bit ironic and the second thing I wanted to ask you is I've been struggling with my heels I know I know you're doctor Neil and I just wanted to know when you use the heel cups Did they do any good for you? Yes, because I don't know I don't know. I'm not the heel cups the The doctor's shoes those inserts those put that whatever in Hollywood color things not the cups no the cups didn't do squat I got the cups that I've been using them for a couple of weeks You're walking around like a duck took me ten months to get over this crap that that cracked doctor gave me those them Magnets for my shoes in fact, no, I don't have those in now. I have these other things But their doctor's shoes are like great you can get them at We have been open line a day two and brought five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line 11 25 with two way I'm 28 at five sixty I tell you what that buddy, McCay, he's you're gonna make it any no chance I got a better chance to get elected. I couldn't get 10 votes and that's about what he's gonna get Put him at K he's a no way Oh, here's a man who ought to redeem himself after making us look like fools not too many weeks ago First off if you're good looking then I'm a male mom. Let me say it again. Don't try to change the subject Okay, well Mr. Elias information man. Let me when you're gonna be at the next pan again Let me say it again, Mr. Bogus information man. Let me tell you something when I tell you my four my source You're gonna have a Panic the way like worse than that in the term like we've got to combine what on the turnpoints And we're we're as on hiatus road. I took a little hiatus Anyway, I'm in Well, Harvey Jr. reported about three weeks ago I call it breathlessly to tell us that they was definitely John Henry had bought the team and the press conference that they was doing I'll sit and I go on here and I say that and then it makes me look like a total full You're on the fourth station? There was a verbal agreement in a handshake when I called you. Yeah, I had a hand Handshake like a great red handshake doesn't mean anything. No, of course not just ask George Hill tell you about that ask remember He'll tell you you asked George or fight ass to not to put this on the air and it went on the air Ask him. Did he tell you not to put it on the air? I don't recall. No, okay. Oh, yeah He doesn't recall. You don't remember a camera. Why don't you tell me what's actually here? I can look at the drawing moving along what difference does it make he's buying the team any way or we just way ahead of your time is usual What are you gonna be at the next game? That's the next talky game? Yeah, whatever the next home game is the 20 first or third or whenever it all it is all right I'm gonna give you some of the things that Well, I'll see you there. I will talk you about what happens and you will crap your pants really You remember when I told you about the McLean incident about somebody not liking his foul language and Remarkt eyes that yeah, I'll forget about Remarkt. He's on the payroll. Forget about him. He told me I was insane And the next night it's on if you're reading a game. You'll look at the kill Yeah, okay, what about what happened? So what are you trying to do reading your reputation now? The grail the a panther insider the I have my way to hank it insider I have my sources yeah, and when when I tell you about it you're gonna crap your pay okay? You know that's a four-time You I hope I bring a lot on to our better bring extra carton to depends that night I'm gonna bring you an Allison with me. She's gonna be my date at the game Let's in first of all. I've got a movie review. Yeah, you do not waste your money and see that Robin weight I also think I would never see a Robin weight in his body other other than good morning Vietnam This man has never been in a good movie in his life He's a funny guy doing his you know rolling on a stage routine, but this man they get's the worst movie of anybody ever received You didn't like it. You must have a thing for a mad day I saw it on the up on the plane the plane I watched with 10 minutes of it was crap Can act as way out of a paper sack I want you to promise and I'll pick him over. He was even worse than that that he was in what was the other movie that he was in before that Where he was the young warrior the preppy warrior was it? I don't remember Be hello Yes, sir, or you okay? I was responding to your fleet for calls from the city of Miami No, not from the city of Miami from date County is a lot more than a city of Miami. There's candleless. We watered. There's coral geobals. There's a few other joints I guess we're in bed shape this ghouls Norengia. I tried calling you this game. Yeah, I was listening. I was listening to I tried calling yesterday West candle fill Henry on pay a fire and I had I had told them that You told us you know what we're doing to work for are you sure? Yeah, yeah, I was listening on the internet and I let him know I was listening to five fifty and they said all you mean to you know You mean your Rogers and I'm like yeah, and I was I was trying to get on on gear with Phil Henry Right, they don't accept any call from the via my hand right. That's right. They take no calls from down here because the people see the people That call from down here They want to talk to Phil about when he was here and the people on L.A. and the people listening to KFI have no interest in that So filled being the wise man that he is then wanting to hear any of that right? It's like when he's guys call here from Tampa and want to talk about Bob last year or the guy that called me yesterday from Orlando There's much to talk about people on the air up up there that nobody here ever heard of him couldn't care less about So yeah, you appreciate the fact that people like your show and they want to call but they want to talk about stuff that nobody You know, it's cares about right. Yeah, so if I mean if you're gonna call on process Phil then you know, don't let him know you're from Miami and don't talk about his you know, man He shows exactly talk about whatever he's talking about right? Which at that point just happened to be some kind of fried chicken recipes right if you said Jeffrey Domar wrote up Or do you can eat Jeffrey Domar Negro right? Okay, have a great day, Phil. Thanks for the goodness Oh, well, why did I turn my head? Why did I turn my head sideways there for just a second? That was the bad mistake Every line on the board was lit. I turn my head for like five five seconds. I just turned off of the sign. Okay, we can go bail out now You know, I wish somebody would explain to me what's going on here this last the week Because is anybody have any idea? Oh, what's the going on in this place? There must be some gigantic Spectra will suddenly big or jeagle and I'm a woman seeing out on it Because these people after the after that 55 minutes that I did hear this morning of Ranting and raving see does anybody care about TV show? No anybody care about freedom of speak or American growing up or about all these repressive A bullcrack that goes on here. No about this stuff that's going on up there right now and washing it. No, of course not Well, by living in a police state. Does anybody have anything to say about these things? No, that's what that's why you're living in a Police won't want because you don't care Two open lines in date and two and groward five six seven all five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T freaking wireless line Hamburger pines hello. Yeah, I don't know I can't believe it. Hey, well, you know I guess yours and notice I call on the day line to try and save you. Yeah, to try and save this line at least and you know do some good But you know You're that's right you had pepper pie his a guy and groward is gonna for how do you do that? Oh, just go one three or five why see I got you do that right You know, you like the fine, so you guys We don't have anybody wants to cock to me for free much less long distance get serious. We know where they are Where is that? The cockpit and that must be it that's really there. And it must be starting seven bow and two because they They're that's seriously since last Tuesday Tuesday two today. This is the worst week in all the years. I've been on here in this town. I mean a bar anything Well, now even the old people over here cemetery villager even God. I think there what's the name of that place We're all the old people were eat all that's pretty stuff the Italian Last one that's exactly yeah exactly, but um, you know as you didn't like the rather way in for Mrs. Don't fire You think he was funny? I didn't see that. Oh, you didn't see that that was he was pretty good. No, you know He he's burned me too many times although She and I love her. I've been waiting until get me wrong. It's just that in movies He he picks the worst script and he gets involved in the crappiest movies and he's just not a movie guy That wasn't bad. I think that was one with him and Sally Stewart I think was in there. Yeah, and that was pretty funny Where you dressed up as a drag Exactly, but you know what you know I didn't hear the other day when not done the golfing game Manage wasn't done, you know the little things he does on the man just things volume two All right No, I wouldn't imagine what did he had to go all right about an actin? Yeah, well, I was finally You know it was pretty funny though when with Hank the other day He he played the Vinny TensorFlow he touched on past Kishan Darden. Yeah, that was phenomenal He was dropped a lot of man. It's very good. You know I wouldn't tell you if I would have been man. It's having a walkout like it happened in that game We'll act for a refund. I was pathetic. We will you know it wouldn't be a bad idea Maybe we need number 88 out there. Yeah, but some of the receivers. Yeah, not a tight end anymore That's what I Yeah, with the dust of CDs I got in playing my work now and everything like that They love the symbolic graduate one great that is for now I thank God you work where some people got a sense of humor anymore You know what they say my boss has hated you and every time and then they're like why is this guy on the radio? Why you you're frying your brain everything that I started playing your bits back here? Oh, they love them now they're like now I would shut up and play the bits they'd like me I know No, no no no no, we things are going no, well, you know what they you know why because the people in dating Broward that are stuck enough to you all the time for tickets They got to have some time something to do yeah, that's the thing But I don't know so you can be the people off tonight, right? Yes, sir. Six to eight p.m And I'm gonna tell you if we have another crappy turnout tonight from six date I'm taking about three four months off. I'm an impromising of that What the Spawn on with dating Broward exactly that's the operative question and was Paul right? I forgot about it. The whole place. Okay, but I'll have a good time. Thank you so much Okay, there's a guy that's tied up a deadline from pepper fine just to make me feel a little bit better Do I feel a little bit better? No, of course not because we got two stinkin calls for us on the board Two open lines in date two open lines in Broward. We're going through another cycle here again. Hey, I'm used to this I've bumped you 20 some years of this this town goes through these periods man like they're all on the rag I was told that was somebody was interviewing me do that. I was talking about this the way this time works It happened a KT it happened to W snooze an happened on INZ it happened on Zeta it happened on IOD a lot and I'll guess what it's happening here on QAM know less how do you like that? Oh, they're going through another cycle out there. They're busy We have an open line in date. We have an open line in Broward. Is there anybody out there smoking some good weed while we're on here? Today we'll trace the call live Maddie and Bikki come right to your house. Okay They'll tie you up to put you on the kitchen over there in a middle today right on whammy They'll make you do a goddamn stupid star all right because they're very righteous. They're very up front They're great Americans even though they're illegally alien's and they come from Israel with a banjo underneath and they're probably Domining right now. They probably do the same stuff as your crazy accountant does 21 till and going out of business sale here on QAM I'm serious. We're finished. We're done What do I tell you about this radio station if there was any place that could put me out of business because I'm sitting here That first how I did the day I say so myself was sensational was great Was an active brilliance on my part These asshole have anything to say but we finally know I was talking about first not Oh, there's Rob Kaplan of course who's though the underling we feel bad for him because uh he wants girl pair But Maddie's sliced them right off he performed a second bris sliced them right off Snip them cut them off in the past so to speak And if you did it with any more of my goddamn I'm stood on cards in here mister you better watch yourself you crazy you The Jewish conspiracy on whammy Want even when the Jews start picking on the room time then you know see I'm just a Jewish enough I guess and when I worked on your own camera that's when they we need decided to go whole hog if I can say that Yeah, that's when they really cut it loose No, that was Joe be too egg You don't know if you've been edited a show without putting this stuff in you're gonna have to block out the rob Capital isn't here ready to blow his brains out anybody want to assist? If we could put on here the three minutes that I just listened to the the double talk You know even alkelling every double talk like this but I mean but I'm a but I mean but I'm a Maddie wants to do this and thinking about to that Just stick it on like last night We had one night to show was on the same night as the radio show That's the way it should be if they're making second shows put him in the can okay I'm in a crapper for like a rainy day for some other day The poster which nobody in this audience has got anything to say about that I went to 55 minutes about that to Shreezy is running over there at Wami