Sports Radio 560 WQAM My Ami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. A racked up in Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Rower and orp 560 on your cell phone. Let the opinions of Neil, his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 WQAM. So, we're going to go home. Don't worry about the baby. Well, all right, sports staff. It puts the notion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the notion in the basket. It puts them both together. It puts the notion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the notion in the basket. It has to hold it out. It puts the notion in the basket. It's what I have to get it puts the notion in the basket. Keep the rubber down by the ground. It puts the notion in the basket. I have to try to take my steps to get the person to the notion in the basket. I like to dance around this way. I'm sorry, I'm not going to dance. I want to look for like a walker. My name is Pablo Bill. I'm not an ocean in the basket. It was an ocean in the basket. I owned my PPA. It works the ocean in the basket. I got my skin through the paper, exactly. Happy holidays from Buffalo Bill, all your pie's on. It's a 10 out of 250 KOM. Happy Tuesday to get close. I'm going to be really fond of this. I don't want to pee on your parade because I did watch very objectively last night. I'm not sure what to do. I'll give you a last name, but he may not want me to do it. My name is on it too. I'm not sure right now. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. Good point. All that's left of a station that was head-based and for AM that was right of play. Hot and packed to learn things. To blow it all in. When they build those condos and blocks that tower off, you'll be lowered down into your grave. And you work great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never see numbers you can sell again. Yet dear channels, what they're doing, what's so amazing. A snow would miss the need and be more. Because they really do. Good bye, I OD. Let go of Regor. Skip the poo for the rest of that retired team. That remains a tax and soul for Xi. Their channel has a scheme. But it's clear to see that. Despite all their core career and sickness, they can't hide the fact. Without feeling they got a crappy deal. And you look great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never see numbers you can sell again. Yet dear channels, what's that doing, what's so amazing. But no one's listening anymore. You're talking about the things you've got to do. Great to know why we're playing this piece of crab. And that is that Peter Boulders got a perfect record. I've gone, Peter's offer lifetime. He has never failed to fail. Going back to the day to days when he was the program director. And of course the only hit show was the morning show. With the burden captain, David, and you're as truly that was the only hit show. The rest of the day we're doing like, grow tests. And then of course he moved over to the AM and they started vanishing into the woodwork. And then he was with the light bulb, which of course now rest in peace, vanished into the woodwork. And of course all the people who worked over there told me that they would do a much much worse when he was there than they did before when they were kind of like on their own. Once he stuck his fine finger in and started shuffling with that drug deck and moving everybody around. I wonder who's deck is bigger over there. And now here he goes with stupid talk and here's a great fact by the way. So we only had two calls about that off the year one of them allegedly from the inside of Spire Report about how book Daniels was under yesterday and resigned and is not going to be something like that. I'd like to get the definitive story on that. He's like, she wants that a gigantic body. So there he is today. If he only gets two calls to Spire Report about it, if she was really on it all. But here's somebody faxed them a thing and sends me a copy. It says, urgent. For the first time in more than six years, I have nothing to listen to on talk radio in the afternoon. Obviously somebody is not a sports nerd. I can't believe that you replaced the talent and written suds for that big interchangeable zero called book Daniels. And he's gladly worth it. Then you will self-illusiveness intelligence by running promos, hairling the return of book as if she's some huge talent. Oh, she's huge all right. And there's been some sort of demand for her. Give me a break gentlemen. It says, it's mathematically impossible, but your company has made a wrong decision. In each case regarding WIOD and what is now WI and Z super talk, you would have thought that at least once you would stumble into the wrong answer, but that just isn't the case. From losing skill, Henry and the aradres, then hiring a bunch of no talent outsiders, schooled who you agreed to pay a hundred thousand dollars in which there was not one host that was even remotely entertaining and said they just all follow the same list of vicinity format. If that wasn't bad enough, you gave the stronger signal at all news format. And that's stations lucky if it gets a two share. Now this crap was written in suds back in a morning and this no talent automaton chattering away in the afternoon. How is this possible? Every change has made things worse, but that is the case. So what says here, I seriously hope that those in charge of the decision making at queer channel communications, formally passing to the past two years, our fire had a miserable Christmas end of year from hell. On the side. I'd be like that. Something a little bit distraught. It would appear to me. So are we going to get the real story on that? Come on, we need some sparring forces. Other stuff going on besides the goddamn dolphin game on your front running phony's out there. Oh, Danny, boy. You know, Jimmy, a break a week ago, they were slicing him up a big fed ass. They were carving up like a Thanksgiving turkey. And now he goes out there last night and like I said, if it weren't for the worth of officiating in history of the national football, they all in one game by the same boneheads that consistently have been growtized. And you know, they keep having these discussions about replaying about this. How about you get somebody under the age of 100 would be going to go out there to appreciate games? Like you really care. But if it wouldn't have been for that, it would have been a blowout. They would have just blown then were right off the field last night with even reasonable officiating. But we get all these front running phony's out there. Well, Danny sucks. Oh, now he's great. Next week he'll suck again if they lose net land up. Really phony's. And of course last night there was a very important sparring event. It took place at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. Final score Pittsburgh Penguins won Maple Leaf 7. As the least continued to be a gigantic scoring machine, you can hear foster hewits squeaking from the outer world from that big hockey from the gondola up in the sky. You can hear foster squeaking, making little squeaking sounds and build hewit right behind. Here's a great article by the way. They're all these different articles, pro and con in and out. Now that the Republicans are scrambling, they're opinion polls keep going higher and higher and higher for Bubba. No more Bubba myses is what they're saying. We like Bubba without the myses. That's right. That's what they're saying. Didn't you hear that? That's not a front page of the New York Times. But then that A.M. Rosenthall man. I think they'd use out X communicate him from New York Times real right wing asshole. But then he writes on pick and they want article that makes him sense because I happen to agree with it. It does make sense. Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times. The GOP has become party of phonetics. He could have taken this right for me. He says in the end the will of the people met nothing. Bob Livingston couldn't have been clearer about that. His mind and the mind of his followers were closed. The government has the bomb and continued in Iraq and Americans from coast to coast were clamoring for an alternative to impeachment. Even as his own adulterous pass was being flushed out on the grotesque invasions of privacy that inevitably followed the relentless purrient, Praurian pursuit of the president. Even as the country began to contemplate the destructive effect of a lengthy and bitter centred trial, the speaker desued arrogantly and stupidly proclaimed, let us disregard the outside influences. The radicals on the hill would hear nothing but the echoes of their own phoneticism in peach and peach. The Republicans will pay a huge price for their brazen utterly partisan attempt to drag a president from the White House and define to the will of the people. Says Bob Herbert. He says the GOP can no longer conceal that it is a party of extremists of right wing absolutist, a party out of step for the political and cultural orientation of most Americans. Bob Livingston, maybe leaving but his arrogant comment can still serve as his party slogan. Let us disregard the outside influences. Let us disregard the people. Right column there by Bob Herbert and the guy in New York Times, you're here this morning. I like that. Nice going there Bob. Says it exactly like it is. The popularity of the can't complain about the popularity of the Republican party because there isn't any anymore. Okay. There are a minus column. In fact, it just said they all points. And that's right. It's said how about the Republican popular. Our poll to show that they're at all points. They're in the minus kind of like a stupid talk. So the trend is coming out this afternoon in 230. So that'll kill a good show tomorrow. That'll be good. There are these holidays as we do all request this week. Next week we'll have the van out again. I'm assuming today. No doubt. Huh? Because now we can go for 125 grandfors. Let me say to go to 120,529 dollars. Almost detractors out there. How is little bald headed buddy? Nebence doing over there at the Sun Sentinel huh? With the four heads. Here's on the middle of the forehead. The middle of his hair. That's right. Little strippy a piece of turd. Who comes up to most people. Right. And I'll just start looking right now. Oh, that corrosive talk host. Like I said, let's just keep breaking into money for cent or one. And if they don't, you know, if nobody wants to work knowledge, that's fine with us because the money will go to a good cause. They'll get it in the whole audience understands and knows about it. And that's all accounts. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Me all. I was just listening on a Spanish station talk radio. See. There's a new thing by the gang. What they do is to at night. They sit in a waiting car and put their headlights off. Yeah. And the first person that tells them that first good tamaritan, that tells them to turn on their headlights, they have it there which has been an initiation. And they have to go and have to shoot that car. Great. I just thought that you left everybody know. And all the signals out there know that. Thank you. Lovely. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Whatever it has you said. Okay. Another rock crank call. Okay. I appreciate it very much. A 560 560, a 560, a mobile online. Any reports on the book by the. I know that we were looking for the next. I mean, that's shocking. You know, because it basically speaking, this is a talk show. And that's supposed to be your talk station like around a clock, stupid talk. And we had like one inside by report, one from outside. And that was it. So they must be really doing some kind of a fantastic. Yeah. You know, maybe we just aren't. How many were just the looting or so? Here's a lady in D'Rale. Hello. Hi. This man. I didn't hear it at all. I wasn't listening. Yeah. But I didn't want to say one thing. Yes. The new speaker that has six nights. The one that they're looking at for this. We're going to ask John. Help you jumpy. Exx-ex wrestling coach. Mm-hmm. What's going to come out of the woodwork there? Oh yeah, wrestling coaches. We know about all those replays. Yeah. That's not about that. That's all I have to ask. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Start thinking about that boys and girls. You know about those wrestlers, don't you? Did we know about them? Do we? Oh, okay. Thank you. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hi, New York. Hi, New York. Hi, New York. Hi, New York. Hi, New York. Hi, New York. Good. I just want to tell you. I've been listening to this. It's August. We've gotten here for Rhode Island. Yeah. I've got a couple of your cities. I'm bringing them home to my friend. Great. Thank you very much. Let's talk about that game last night. Shall we? No. Not me and a hockey game. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. It's all request Tuesday. It's a holiday. But it's going to be just like yesterday. I'll just play the racquet again. Okay. Our people, they got nothing this way. In fact, it was funny because on Saturday, the hockey game people were saying because we had the impeachment stuff was going on. They were drafting two articles of impeachment against the El President Day. And we were dropping a bombs in Iraq. And people kept coming up to me at the game saying, boy, Monday, you're sure going to have a lot to talk about. And yeah, I had a lot to talk about yesterday. Did the audience? No. Did they have anything to talk about today? No. Except for running phone. Is it super bullying, Smell it? Can't you? Can you smell that bull? It's not the bull you're thinking of necessarily being almost smell as bull right around the edges. 567 is our last call for calls today. And then I'm playing the Christmas racquet. Playing all of the meal's favorite hits. Yeah, as we sit there with an empty board. Isn't this incredible? And you're listening this morning just one afternoon of the disparp running phony's. Oh, yes, Danny, you're the best. We're kicking ass. We're going all the way. There's that weird gen, you know what? I wonder who to how they picked that up from, huh? First of all, in the morning show on this station. We, we, we, yeah, we, we're great. We're number one. 26 after 10 at 560 WQA. It's the lotion in the basket. Hey, tell, present over 724K. If a cleanest song is alone. This facility is of a lady in your life. I show you. Lately when I hit you and play me. How many of us are for your lady? All in chippered by the love, my sir himself. They're admirable superstars of her favorite Jerry Lowe. I think he's your favorite lady. Love song. I'm lady, lady. Lowe. Lowe. Lowe. I think that's that. It's an amazing company of up 728 love songs for your lady. Oh, this is really remastered in all performed by the masterful superstar Jerry Lowe. All right, Jerry, if I hear the joy of me, I can't tell right. I think they are very special. No, they're going to give you to the lady. You'll get this narrow trip, Platic. And you'll look like a lady. And you'll look like a lady. It's not that low. With a pair of queens. And Ellen, where do you think never sounded better? That ain't no way to see the lady. You'll wait the lady till the evening. Go home, go home, go home. And look for Jerry's amazing interpretation of the superhero. And it from the king of fonds. I'm on the way to eat it. My wife's name, the lady. The lady's name. The lady's name. I'm on the way to eat it. I'm on the way to eat it. Jerry Lowe. Hi, how about that man? I'm on the way to eat it. That's 748 copies of Lady songs. I'm 35 CDs or 112 for the 8 track tapes. All of a ribbon thing going on. It's modeled from the original cassette masters. And it's a collection. You'll spend your friends alone. And you're a lady who will never forget. It's all yours for 7. These CDs. They've been sold for 32.95. And that's the only from pay to record. You can tell us. We go. 1032 at 560 WQM. You can also tell that you're getting a little bit overweight when they need crowbars and plywood to get you out of the house. Like that 800 pun, woman in summer up in Broward. I don't have this story for some reason. I scoured my paper this morning. Can't find the story. But it's all over the place. She's in critical condition in a Broward hospital. And they also buy the way couldn't get her into the hospital room. The emergency crew at the hospital had to do their work. They're immediate work outside. And I guess they had to like remove door frames and the driver to a car with a crane. You're starting to get a little bit. You need to get out of the house once in a while when you were and they said she had been out of the house for years. So see if her mother would have just not gone off the year and started to do else political crap. If he would have stayed on one more season with that other tabloid show. Maybe we could have gotten the right of the house. 800 pound. Okay. Making even outgold steam. Look like rumble stills going on a bad day. Here's another great story. Man, I want you to listen very carefully to this about American justice. Man convicted of raping fiancere. He later married. Bella Fonté, pencil vignes. That name after Harry. A man was sentenced to 15 to 32 years in prison on Monday for kicking in his fiancere's door. Taking her hostage at gunpoint and raping her. Even though the woman married him 27 days after the attack. Shane A. Dawson 35 was convicted in October but tacking his fiancere during an hour standoff in 1997 because she had tried to end their relationship. The woman 21 who's name was not released changed her story as a trial. Saying she accused Dawson under pressure from her family. But the jury found him guilty anyway. And said, okay 15 to 32 years. That is justice for justice. You know who we have to go see. Because if you want to go to the court system, forget it. If you want real justice, you go see. That's right. FNA is there in the big time. Okay, let's try coconut grow. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, happy holidays to you. And the same too. I hope you're feeling better today after that lengthy tirade against those bimbals. You have to say that, you know, I can't see the other show the other day. You know, if you could have only seen these two women dressed in their black outfits like they were going to a funeral, they looked like something out of great expectations. You know, all we needed was the cobwebs. A viral look like. Yeah. Hopefully. No, no. Neil, I have a request at the end of the spirit of the holidays. Yes sir. Could you play, uh, poke a hiding? Okay. Hey, thanks a lot. And have a happy year too. Okay, so I'll request week because obviously these people, they got no material this week. All they want to talk about is the dolphin. Superb. Come on. Let's play that. Let's show you play a little bit of that. About the 20 or 30 second. There we go. My amy has so. There you go. And how about now? First it was the class that got made to Disney adventure. Poka hun. Now, hot on its heels comes to live action sequel. Richard Simmons is. Poka, I need. Oh, I can't what about it. First I've heard of it. My father's summer camp for a dolphin. I'm your head counselor. Poka, I need. Are there any questions? Yes. You need to poke a honey. Can you have a little Indian in you? No. But the night still, yeah. Oh, that's hilarious. Let's get some sleep now. Tomorrow will be up at the crack of dawn. I'll fly away. Have you met my brother, Don? I can't open it or go to you. Richard Simmons is. Poka honey. And I can't want to put a campfire is in the only thing that's flaming. Oh, okay guys. One more weenie and I'm going to game. I'm flying from the campfire. Where is my little flower's gone? I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. You can't go. All right. Now I'll show you how to make some art. First you pack the fat. Oh, and the marshmallows. And now, Graham, come here, Graham. Poka. You'll hear fascinating campfire story. Well, of course, my great uncle was a general big farm. He was very close. The general George Armstrong Custer. They were actually dating toward the campfire. My wife, you think, together. The general was quite around. I guess you could say my uncle was there for custard second. Oh, the big green this summer. It's Poka honey. Custerings in jay bullock as little big swallow. Wow. Sure do enjoy the great back. I mean the outdoors. Oh, the campbusters. Poka honey. Can I ride in your Jeep? Sure. Can you have a red nina, cherry-key? No, but I want French kiss and ear corn. Oh, god. Oh, so scaring down the Louise that's fitting bull. Charles, listen, Riley, as fitting bull. And Chuck Berry is squatting bull. So scaring, you've got to eat dog as the runnamo for. And people in this special cano appearance, you won't want to miss. Hey, isn't that saying to turny, Robert Shapiro? Yes, I am a counselor here. But you're not an Indian. Yes, I am. What tribe? What else? So. And you're going to take it to Andy and Doug with Oka honey from touch school pictures. Hey, hey, hey. Honey, it's your 11 at 5.60 WCUAM. Here's my m-e. Hello. New? Yes, sir. Just that from pizza law. Do you have any point video left or nothing? Okay, it's going to be a great day today, baby. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on a mobile one line. Where are we going next? Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yeah, how you doing, honey? Good question. I don't know, sir. The verdict is still out. Okay, that's what you're trying to do. You got a one? What you're trying to do? Okay, sure enough. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on a mobile one line. 21, be four. I'm just going to play the rack. There's no point in even trying these calls today. These people are whack-down, baby. They got nothing to say. We were rolling along for weeks on in. We're rolling along, stringing a song. We're raising tons of cash for a center. When everything is going along well, and all of a sudden, man, like happens. Everything that's like a demolition derby. Do what it talks you're going to stop. Every once in a while, you just run smack it to a brick wall. Bam, like that. And that's it. So it's the homilies. It's tactic. They're very busy. They got no material. We only got impeachment and we're bombing a rack. And, you know, they might've talked about the goddamn dolphins. They're going to win the Super Bowl. All these very, very loyal things. They're consistent. They really understand what they're looking at. 21, before 11 at 5, 60, WQM. Slow-Ridians. Done, I have dirt. Oh, man, I'm a trouble man. You're bad to Jack. Now look what you do. Oh, that's what the same dress, same dress, that's what the same dress is. They dress high. Oh, damn that was a fake dress. They dress, they dress, that's what the same dress, they dress, that's what the same dress, that's what the same dress is. Yeah, it's good. Fine, kids, where's where you come? She's saving the dress, not a low-life girl. Smells like you're in two. Where's the parade for a hat? Where is the size 14? She's got she's so gas-damned man. About the two that pretty is. She's a bad man, but she can't hold on my leg. Just the way I lie. Look at the same dress, same dress, too greenhouse. Where does han's got all that white dress and that purple had got tears in her face? Do I look like natives in there? I remember the names in that dan-harn치. That that's howwortchi жизни dress and that dress, the same dress, that got white black pants out. Elsa's got fl-fl-fl, le-fl h, i-fl-fl . 1045 and five. the next three hours and 15 minutes talking about those two bitches at the borders on Saturday. There you go. That'll kill some good time. By the way, thanks to my good close personal friend Bruce Davidson from Don Green, Paltry, and Opalaka, who came by within over the case. Not just with like a couple little boxes. A case of my ties and these these in these strips and a bunch of vegetables too and some beverages that you can't have. Oh, and a bunch of stuff for George is what he's trying to say. In other words, stuff with sugar in it. Thanks a lot, Bruce, and happy for whatever you're celebrating. Okay, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line, a real fly opener yesterday and today. So are they gonna go out to Western today or what? Yes, good. Lou, Lou is going on. Lou is gonna go out. Okay, so you don't have to worry about getting hit on by Chris Orson. Lou is gonna take the Q&A and some of our to Western will tell you exactly where. And we'll raise some more money. We did 320 bucks at the game last night at GG. So our total now is 120,849. And we're gonna do over 125 grand. You could bet your life on it. Not mine, but yours. Unbelievable nice gone guys. Here's a lady in North Miami, hello. Lady in North Miami. Going once. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Happy holidays. The location's problem today, yes. I love you and I love you, so. Uh-huh. I have a request. Yeah. Can you put on dick, deck? Okay. And I think those don't have to suck. Yeah. Okay. Okay, go next to more. Okay, have another one. Come on, I love you. I love you. I love you. Not even 11 o'clock in the morning again. She's already in the bag. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's my last play of the day. We got one call on a board. And it's guys that gonna be this way all the way through to New Year's. Oh, great. Like I said, man, I could think of so many places to go between now and then. Here's Margade. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I started story last night in New to about the 800 pound lady. Yeah. I was just saying in a flat bed, tow truck to take it to the hospital. And what's when they got to the hospital, the news crew followed her there and it started pouring rain on the right. So they had to cover with the tarp. Yeah. I mean, not a blank. But building, you're like, I like a baseball diamond. You try to put it in the tarp right out there. It's a tarp, aren't you? Yeah, I'm gonna look P.P. Park. I get a quick request. When you get to be about 800 pounds, it's time to start to get us. It's just before you start getting to the point where you can't get through the door frame. That's the time to start getting out of the house a little bit. I've made you once or twice a week. Good for what, yeah, right? I get a quick request. Yes, sir. Could you play Elvis, meeting for the holidays? You know what I'm talking about? Elvis, class? Yes, that's good. Okay. Well, every day. Okay, they got the same tree. You know, wow. What a nice deck. Thanks. I love him. That he's so big. I think my bigger. I've seen your deck. It's not bigger. When did you show you his deck? Over his house? I was on his deck. You wrote his deck? It was before your deck. Your deck is thicker. My deck was pretty firm then. You had a rock hard deck. It's softer now. When were you at his deck? One summer? For how long? Did you enjoy it? At the time. But my deck's bigger. What is it with you guys in your deck? I'm at his deck, if you've been on. On. Does it matter? You just can't get enough deck. Can't you? Yours is the biggest and the best, okay? I must do love my deck. I'll let me kiss it. I'm going to kiss you, deck. Oh yeah. Kiss my deck, baby. And stroke it? Ah, rub my deck. This is really cute. Why? I've never seen a woman climb on another main deck. And rub his heart deck. If stroke is firm, deck. Did it turn you on? You never did that to my deck. I let his deck. Oh yeah. Baby, suck my deck. Mmm. Mmm. Oh yeah. Love my deck, deck sucker. Ouch. Oh, what? Splinter. Just swallow. Never. Splinter out. Hahaha. Girls love big heart decks on a man. Girls don't like tiny rough decks. Big thick decks. Available at dick decks. See your yolo fages. A teenager who a step-ducks real friends parents while wearing a black robe and white mask like the attack run a splash or movie screen too. With sentenced on Monday to 45 years in prison. Oh. That is swim. 16. Think earth win. Indicated he was influenced by movies that his reality and fiction started to intertwine. This would turn he 10 scobies said swim and play the gilly to battery and attempt in murder for wounding Eugene and Debbie nightgean or home on July 27. Debbie actually was seriously wounded in the neck or husband a police officer at less serious wounds. Let me start a movie. He's a you know he's a. Too bad Ellis Rubin coulda get on that. That's a net one. Movie intoxication baby. How's Ronnie's a more doing by the way. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Listen. I love you. But I got to tell you between you and every court by light a lot of down. I mean you just killed the T-rooms here in this town. Hello. What are you talking about sir? Well, all the air. Are you a T-room cruiser is that it? You're a T-room perver. Yeah. Okay. Trace the college. Okay. One call left on the board. That's it. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Good meal. Or SOQ. Sorry. I'll go in the basket. Oh, she did. It rubs the motion on its skin. Yeah. Listen. Yeah. I'm at the dolphin game last night. Uh-huh. The next day. Sorry. bunch of. bunch of dolphin fans. And they're all screaming in the first half. Go home. Go home. The dolphin's on. We've seen it. The dolphin's on. So. Yeah. We've seen it. It's a big. A big god for the talk. Super Bowl because we're the yeah for. Running. Super Bowl. Yeah. Next to me was sitting in the section two. And he says, I want to attack them. I want to kick them. I want to kill them. That's what they deserve. Yeah. They deserve it because that's why these all these fans are. The worst fans in the world are right here in this town. So right now they're talking about all the noise. They may not let you know. Big deal. It's like turning on them off a faucet. You know what? Matt, yeah. Read day life column today. He cost for their head one week. And now he wants to grab all the same old crap. I mean, if you listen to week ago on this station, every one of the sports shows, all these nerds calling in Rippin, Marino, Rippin, the team they got no receivers. They got no this. No running game, which of course they don't have. But I mean, just unbelievable. Jimmy sucks, you know, he knows mother died the other day. They stole it. If they would last last night, they'd be Rippin' him today. Just these fans are the absolute worst. He morels than the fans until little if you would just handle a lot. He wouldn't have to worry about that at the hockey games because they don't understand the game. And also, like I said, yesterday, it's just a social event. They don't have enough understanding of the sport itself to really critique this one's good that was bad. So they just sit there and are schmoozing and laughing and hey, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know, we just have a good time. It's a party. So you don't have to worry about the farming phony unless, of course, we have a year like three years ago. But everybody jumps on the band and like, we're talking Stanley, Cupco's where the Florida Panthers, you know, that stuff. But I feel get Margaret back to do that thing about, you know, up, up, up, up, up, I go, Panthers go up and down the ice. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. Never been that, sir. This is from the movie science of the lens. This is the bottom of the guy, no, the pain is what he needs. I shall ask. Yeah. Remember that part? It puts the notion in the bars. Oh yeah, right. Neil, listen, I was wondering, uh, what, what do you celebrate on the 24th of what do you eat? Like, what do I celebrate on the 24th of what do you eat? Like, for Christmas Eve, is it? The two days. Oh yeah. Yeah. And that's on the 25th in 26th. Twenty-five. Is that on Cuban? And I, I just don't understand how some of these Cubans actually buy like live pigs. And you're the data. Like Cubans like pork, like I said. Yeah, but the vibe like they're still alive, like running around. And they told me how they kill them, so the meat tastes better, like they say they call them. Yeah, they say they hit them across the head. Well, there's nothing like fish pork. But they didn't look at the head with the two by four, and something they squeal because they're not dead. And I don't know. I just, that's pretty poor, Barry. I wonder if you had baby can relate to it. Okay, thanks for the good news, sir. It's more about news about the barbaric humans. Yeah. Oh, please. Yeah, if you've had a broken manny, we'd have the original pig squeal from years ago. If we were a good, close personal friend, manny. Remember those days when he was slicing up the carts? He denied that to this day. No, no, he admitted it to me. And then later on, he denied it. After he turned out to be the Phantom of Cart Sliser. Or maybe it was just something hurts for stuff that we took one of those carts to head the S on it. Yeah, we've had a lot of strange people that I've worked with over the years in this time. Well, I mean, I'm strange, but believe me, very normal compared to many of these people, including the guy that used to come in all the equipment used to disappear. That was the sleeping in this car. I don't want to mention his name. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, six. Well, he had a support as habit. Okay, so he was telling like, we come in one day. The board would be gone next day. The transmitter that we're part missing from it. He had a support a little bit of a habit. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six on the mobile one line. Thank God we came over here where it's like everybody's normal. How is that what's his name doing by the way, the, uh, voice of the station? Oh, okay, here's a mobile and del Rey, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to clear that 1998 was a sucky, sucky year. Based on, based on just the way, everything feels the way businesses, the way people are. It is booming man, the market is kicking a little bit. Yes, this is, I don't give a crap about the market. I'm talking about people that go to work every day, and just like it out. Everybody's having a crappy year. Right, now I'm seeing it. Uh-huh. And so I mean, you know, I haven't, everybody's, you know, saying, oh, this is not the market. Well, I don't think it's pretty good. Box George is doing pretty good this year. Yeah, well, I'm not having the best year this year. And a lot of people I talked to are not having the best year this year. And a lot of it has to do with Aldi. Yeah. That's why they showed him on the sideline. They're late in the game last night when a game was pretty much in the bag. And they showed him on the sideline with his big pocket. You know, something he and the moon are the same. I think he's the same thing. I think he's the moon man. Talk about greater push. He looks like a, like a Baroque caricature of an evil face, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you were to. He is evil. He just, he, he, exudes evil. And he's a, he's a lot of people in the car business this year. And a lot of people are, are not doing real well. Well, I mean, one thing that will make you feel better. Take a look at that Republic stock and you'll feel a little bit better anyway. Well, you know, it ain't a lot. And they'll cost that right. Yeah. It's not his money. It's everybody in the car business that he's could. It's their money. Yeah. And he's the kind of person that's holding. I guess he did pretty good on that with his good business buddies. They did okay. Yes. Yes. And he's doing all right. And then screw all the little men. So well, for the holidays this year, how about a way and how to think of food and bail? Just take some pins and you'll feel. In fact, six of them pins and each one of those craters on behalf of all the little men I'll send to hear. Just. Plane. So, okay. It'll be over soon, pal. Yeah. Okay. The worst. The worst. Perhaps. You have to come. Open line of day to and brown. We're like off to a real crawling start here today. It's all requested. So, holidays were supposed to be in a good mood. These people are cats got it, man. Cats got their tongue. Four minutes before 11 o'clock. We'll see. They don't like it. They want to hear. They were hoping I'd come on today and continue the cacafony of sewage that's going to come on for the next at least two, three days. We're talking to a bull because we're the Miami. Come on, let's hear it. Do I care? No. See, that's why I can be objective because I'm totally on a task. So, I gave that up about four or five years ago. I don't care one way or the other. And I can view it very objectively and view the entire passing scene objectively. And it's kind of laughable when you come right down. What's that? I don't know. You can kiss my rear end. Oh, boy. Gee. Boy, you're very much. This is the team. I don't have a mirror in, I'm much for a while. But I want you all to know what I'm here to rock and roll in. I'll do a thinking of you. This Christmas. I like to give you all a special Christmas message. I'd love to do a surprise. Like, uh, how about a little Christmas like a high-gone ball? Thank you. Oh, God. A lot of people are soon. Post messages of time or food. Time of joy. What's on for a little bit? And I sure would love it. It takes a lot of messages to go out there. Like it. What? What? No, what about it? Oh, yeah, Christmas. Now, Christmas, the mean means. Family. And family means, friends. The family means getting together. And getting together means. Ethan. I'll pass through that telling the thing, which boys are like, you're playing around. Not just when we say to you right now. You know, I made a big star. I did do that. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out. I help him hand. I help him hand. But, uh, we can't, uh, help him. Hand man, help him with the newspapers all around. Sweet the boys. Pleasure. Thank you, I'm on. Now like I was fun. I know about it so big. He can't scoop the help of a friend and need or with a holiday season. Let's speak to the season. We won't pass me that self-serger. And you get the chance. Okay. Yeah, just, just don't screw the color. That's like, like, I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't you all take a tip for mold? Hey, oh, I don't know. Let me go stick to it. That's where you are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it, thank you. I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own image. Look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple, you know what I mean? I thought you'd do it. But I especially want you all to remember that's one last thing. And you're all the home of Christmas, starting at popcorn up on the free. Play about the big, big bowl for the channel. Extra butter, do a little money. What'd you do? I'll do it myself. Number of three and five 50 WCM, the Republicans are picking their parents. Because now, Al Gore did you hear this morning, Gore announced that if Clinton is removed from office, if he's convicted in the Senate trial or resigned, either or I'll let me above, that he's going to name Larry Flint as his vice president. There you go, Al. I'm going. They're shaking in their boots, baby. They're shaking it. Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello. Hey, Neah, are you doing great? Hey, I had some news on Brook Daniels from Supercomputer. Well, it's about time, it took us over an hour to get the real story here. I'm sorry. I'm trying to call you in the clean my account on the payphone, but you guys have been busy for a while. Yeah, sure. Okay. Hey, I was listening to a provocative, 45 minutes yesterday, and a slide from the fact that she was like hot and in shotgun for some free food all the time. Uh-huh. And he really needs it. I don't know, I've never seen her, but I think the most most humorous thing I heard her say was, how she got her job. She met Peter Boulder at a tire kingdom. She was getting the tire picks. He's like, hey, how you doing? You want a job? And she's like, well, okay. So that's how she was promoted back into a position. You mean, coming back? Yeah, you're talking about wrestling? Yeah, after she had been fired, she was after the year. She had been at a tire kingdom and he offered to the job. Perfect, excellent. Yeah. And so that she is this bull crap about her resigning on the You know, I just heard that on your station, but after the calls yesterday, her call seemed to be pretty steady. Everybody calling welcoming her back. But I don't know. Well, if that's somebody's calls, or real steady, that's good. So in other words, I got the big audience out there, but everybody else gets the calls. I just hear her in the talk of my staff. I just don't know. Even Brook Daniels who's getting calls. How do you like that? All right. That's the other thing that goes in back to you, sir. How do you like those apples, huh? I bring back that obnoxious bitch. I don't believe that thing about her quitting. Probably a publicity stunt. Probably using us to, you know, what? Maybe they didn't say she was quitting on the air. And I just read that into it. Oh, in other words, you walked out afterwards. Well, let's find out. Let's get the inside story over there. Let's have Ron over Pete calling on the air and tell us what's really going on. How come none of those say, uh, here's the Fort Myers, hello? Uh, yes, Neil. Happy holiday. And back to you, sir. I just wanted to relate a little traveling story. You might find humorous. You know how when you get on the plane that's always the guy next to you. He's got to be about four, five hundred pounds. It's never the beautiful woman or beautiful male or whatever the case may be. You know, three or four aisles away that you wish would have passed. Somebody was real bad gas. What's the idea? Yeah. Well, this time coming back, I probably the most beautiful woman on the plane was sitting right next to him and turns out she's French. And I understand now what you say about the small people. Yeah. I travel quite a bit, but I haven't been to Europe. And this woman, I mean, I was really trying to get a conversation going on. But the stench was, uh, was, uh, was. It was, uh, I don't know if you've ever been on a cattle farm, but uh, oh yeah. Like, uh, ever stopping traffic in a hot summer day with one of those pig trucks pull off along side. Yeah, oh yeah. Like that kind of a week. Acred smell. Right. So the entire French people are like that. Uh, I mean, in Europe. Yeah, basically they don't pay. They're not into it. The whole damn country. Because they keep dropping the salts so they figure the easiest way to solve that problem is don't ever pick it up. Yeah, wait. Okay. Well, that's really all I had. I was coming back. I was coming back from the Columbia, though. Oh, you know, I still have my negative attitude about that whole country. Yeah, okay. Great. Okay. We know who that is. That's our guy that, uh, Colombian Bashar colon and waited until the end of the call to spring. And so we don't like Colombian, you know, like Frenchmen, you know, like anybody. So it's a good thing he's in for a mile. Oh, there we go. Open line and date to a brownie fits right in over there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile, a mobile informer is what we got to run over there. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. And did you ever live over here on the west coast? In Cerrocio, yeah, 25 years ago. I'm wondering if it was as conservative as it is here, it's more miles. I just saw a life, uh, an all-life in play, but a bumper sticker that said Jack Kovorkian for White House doctor. Hmm. Can you believe that? Sure. I just, I just can't believe how conservative these people are. That's why it's a miracle that this show is on the over there. It's amazing that there are many people listening on the west coast. I guess it's their only contact when they think to the left of, until of the hunt. Yeah. Well, thank God you're home because we need to have somebody like you. Okay, and watch out for those Colombians. They hear their car. I'll have a guy there coming in a banana boat. Okay. Okay, see ya. Well, we're big and four buyers this morning. Not too big and dating brown, but we're big over there. So Brook Dangos, she's getting calls. The four stars, they're getting 25 minutes. Because we're small and super-ball, but us, it's a similar story again. And we've got supper to relapse here. We've taken several steps back. Just one thing and then it's always this way. Haven't you heard me say this for about 600 years? Every time things get a little bit too good right away, the audience brings you back to a star-carriage reality like to you, Mr. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. It's 11 away on QM. We got Hank from the sporting bruise at two. We got Dave O'Brien, one of the voices of your Florida Marlins at six o'clock sitting in for the books you're talking baseball in December. And then we got Eddie K at eight o'clock tonight with our Kambulsum gambling show. It's rich the lotion in the basket. How can you assure the buckwheat pillow you're buying is authentic? Yeah, it's easy. If you look for the picture of bus we on the label. 590 buckwheat. That's right. There's only one buckwheat and that means only one buckwheat pillow. Give it a try. No, we just don't kind of miss it. No, it's mushy. That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with a little rascals, least favorite breakfast food. Ah, Dave, nice. Well, he said he hates much. Show it to you. Huh? Yep, it may not be good for you, but it sure is good for sleeping. He's dope, baby. Yeah. The original buckwheat pillow. Order one today. It's no easy. Just call. Man, Dayton, it's made deep, deep on the back. Yeah, get the buckwheat pillow. And you'll sleep. Oh, hey. On the 13 to 560 WQM, life just ate the same since we lost a little rascals. You know what, and that dog would be a thing on the try. Two open lines in proud of these. Working today, by the way. I'm going to go to just check five and six. Just to make sure because I know that they're just dying like that guy said, you've been so busy this morning. 560, 750, 550, pound five 60 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Yeah, yes sir. Yeah, I caught about a half hour of that abortion yesterday. And what was that? With Daniel. Oh. Man, honor to crash the hitter boy friend, Colin, and there. Yeah. Did you see that? Did she say it once the Airstrike? I wasn't going to bring Karyn K back. Yeah. Support a question. And don't forget Greg. Oh. Oh. The largest is this. But if you have it, still hundreds of tries, cookies. Still hundreds of one. It's a price, cookies. The lady calling in about the price, the rowing issue is calling it. Price, cookies. Well, I think it was on the best stuff. What is it? Are you thinking you need to? No. That's not about Christ cookies. Okay, whatever you say, really? I'm union thing that I know. Why? Don't make a big deal out of it. Okay, it's a good guy, but he's a boy. Okay, Broward lines all open. 560, 750, 550, 650 on the 18T wireless line. Spains Jews celebrate Hanukkah for the first time in 500 years. By the way, even on guiding light yesterday, they're celebrating Hanukkah. What's your name? I can't even think of her name. The binbet that is trying to steal away Jesse from Michelle. Not that Michelle got replaced by a real ugly bitch. All of a sudden we find out that in Springfield, not in the middle of the Midwest, there's a Jew out there. Oh, my God. All of a sudden out of nowhere, we discovered that she was Jewish and her parents died and she's not celebrating Hanukkah. And all of a sudden Jesse surprises her out of nowhere. He whips up a menorah. Hey. Oh, I mean, you talk about bubble mice, he's baby. Here's a menorah on guiding light, even Papa Bauer is rolling in his grave. For the first time since Spain decimated its Jewish population with inquisition and expulsion more than 500 years ago, the country's small, what am I laughing about? Because we're used to it by now, no matter where we go today, near next, you know. The country's small Jewish community has celebrated publicly. Hanukkah, that's right, publicly. This is an emotional and unforgettable day said, Mayor Joaquim Nidal told together and besides the ruins of Jireneltawer, where the cities used to have refuge from mobs in 1391, a century before Spain's rulers drove almost the entire community from the country. And they're going, hey, they had a Sephardic rabbi who's going by Rucho Atala. And she was doing her own guiding light yesterday. She's doing barook at A, at a nae, at a nae, at a nae, at a nae, at a nae, at a, oh, my God. Even Laura was upset. Laura Schwartz was embarrassed by it. And she was reading it for my tele. Here's Boke, hello. Oh, and they were sort of misriched whining and stock crowding. Oh, that book Gailman, it's the same thing that suck the, that suck the ship over RID. Yeah, something ship, the back of the bottom of the bed, man. Yeah. You know, you're looking to suck many things. Yeah, but the guy said she was loaded with the calls, welcome back. We love you. Yeah, I'm racing with open arms. Yeah, the guy called her that she gave money to for his hurry operation. Yeah, guys like that. She's terrible. I mean, I haven't know why she thinks divers. Did I ever say anything good about her? No. The divers say she was a talent. Oh, did I ever like encourage her to call me at home and be my best buddy? Oh, bug me with all her stories about drugs, ripping the hot wax on her. Oh, whatever else she did, did I ever do that? No. I don't know what else she wants for me. All these, all these lemming that like latch on to me, you know? Oh, I came here. I only came here because of you and it hurt me. That day that she called me and she was so wounded. Because I ripped her on here. Well, guess what? Too bad. And I said it because I meant it. That's all. Don't bother me. Leave me alone. Go find a life. She fits in their perfect location. She's like like a Peter Bolder clone. She's perfect for him. Media equity is where it's at over there. Here in Chase, she comes on the first night. She's telling everybody she's doing the consultant. She's Walter Sabos, girlfriend. And what's wrong with doing the boss? And Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi. Too bad she was ahead of her time. Maybe they could put Monica on there now, huh? She was doing the boss. We have an open line of day, two and a row. All requests, Tuesday, baby. This is going to be some week. Remember that movie, how low weight this is going to be in? Hellrazer. 567560 and 556 the on the 18 and T wireless line. I see Chuck has been in Georgia in our lunch and some go to mommy's for lunch today. I can't partake how you doing Chuck. I'm very Christmas happy new year and all out of this stuff. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Neil, I'm not a jock, Nick, or so maybe I should ask you this. If your mother died on Sunday, would you be working on Monday? Oh, and now this is that's pathetic. That's really sad, okay? I see what I mean. This is what we got in this town, okay? Here's the guy. I said no in proposition. If he wouldn't have coached last night because his mother died on Sunday in Texas, they would have said, oh my god, he abandoned the team and his most crucial game of the year. And what kind of a football coach is he? And now because he goes out there in coaches because this is job and it was like, you know, everything is on the line. And now they're ripping him. See what I mean about this crowd? That's this town for you. Jimmy sucks. Danny sucks. Oh, they suck. Oh, they're great. We're going to the Super Bowl. And it's just a no-in situation. I have no idea why any of those people want to play or coach or be in this town. That's right. Let's start ripping him in as because his mother died Sunday. There you go. That's not welcome to soft Florida, baby. Nice one. Nice touch, especially at this time of the year. And I score on pound. Oh, you're the best. Two open lines a day, two in broad. Good. We have a shower bunch here today or a walk. Man, five six, seven, oh five, 60, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Which country are you like? Okay, great. Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Good morning. Nice color. They're yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I've been up in grass all the years. That is a door nail, man. Well, I think it's a rolling your brother line. Because when you're calling in the sand, there's plain line, open and busy. You're a man. You're the only call I got in this board right now, sir. You're it. Well, I'm really of my call. All right. Well, hey, let me switch my power lines. It never been full this morning. So it's not possible that it could have been busy. All right. Well, most companies are talking with our phone lines again. I think that's a good idea. Did you land for the past hours, though? Yeah. Well, anyway, somebody's dicking with our phone lines again. Thanks for that from a bell stop for the holiday. Thank you. That's our Christmas gift. I've been up in grad school for the while. So I don't know if this has made big news down here. It might have, though. Hizinga and Florida Panthers and the sunshine network. You know, he's a little dick room around with this sort of deal. He's got his own most of the panthers. It's a publicly held on time. Not done. I know we're sports channel. I'm sorry, sports channel. I'm glad. OK. So he's sports channel. He owns completely the panthers. He owns partially. The panthers. What do you mean he owns the panthers partially? He owns the other part of panthers holding the Pasta Publital Company, right? Yeah. OK. So you have a he owns the franchise. He owns the franchise, but the holding company he only owns like 51% of it's like that. Right. OK. So Hizinga has sports channel. Pay nothing at all to the panthers for the broadcast. To the broadcast again, which happens. He's essentially funneling money from a public entity which he owns part of to a private entity which he owns all of. Yeah. And this is how he's getting money out of it. A lot of all those hotels that he and his partners are sold. And you know, a specta money in your pockets all the profits from it. Even though the people invested in Florida Panthers holding didn't think they were going to the hotel business. The pricing, huh? Uh-huh. It's a bold dating switch once again. Right. All right. I got a second question for you, Neil. Don't be knocking on me. I think a buddy never's a be knocking at your door with a other than oozy man. Hey, you don't have to fart off. Hey, I got a second question for you then. And if you don't want to deal this, don't have to. But just to put the lotion in the basket, I've heard it all day. And all day yesterday. And I still know what it is. And I want to know what this is all about. It's easy funny. But can you play whatever it is all about? It puts an option in the basket. OK, pal. Keep Pasta with it. Put the whole stick. Thanks. Your ear to it. And you'll be having a great life. OK, Broward lines. He said they're all open. Those four five and six. Look at this. He said they were busy. Yeah, there we go. The holidays again. Somebody's sticking around with our phone. I'm trying to. Oh, and I don't know who's worse. The phone company or media one used to be. What did they used to be? The cable company before they changed their name to media one? Not Comcast. No, not Comcast. My cable company. Well, whatever. They're content and little cable. I'm going to tell you. I don't know. They changed the thing. And they gave us 80 billion stations. It's not a much we want to watch the news days. And they got two satellite dishes. Even if I didn't, there's nothing on there. Anybody who want to watch. But the picture, it can't just be me. It can't be like only in my house, OK? But the days that they changed the Adelose channels, the picture is so grainy. And of course, my neighbors over there in the acres, it must be really the nicest people in the world. They don't like to complain. Or maybe they just don't have the time to get on hold for five hours to try to get through the goddamn cable company. What kind of a picture do you think we're paying for? It's like looking like in the old days when you could just make out like a little, you know, like a ghost. We got the ghost in the ill picture card. We got the ghost of cable channels on the medium one cable, man. The picture out there in the acres blows, OK? And I don't have five hours to sit there on hold. Trying to get through the goddamn cable company. This is what this is the kind of quality you get. Media equity. That's what it's all about here. Rapid media equity. Here's a mobile and sunny aisle. Hello. Yes. Can you please play the true to your shoe? And smoking in a loud and shoe? OK. Thank you. Smoking in loud and shoe? That's a line in what is that in? That's a mixture of Lewis thing. What is that in? Like you heard that nature? I don't even know if we have it. Yeah, we have that smoke. Whatever the hell I did as well. And down slow, I'll be on time to compete now. And said we have the hottest on the kitchen. I tell him right away. He's out this and here I start to get your hood off that show. It's number one and then he's done. I'll just pay $10 for the beef for the oven. I'll slice my slice. I'll show it to you. You're my slice. I'll slice my slice. You're the ratio of my slice. I'll slice my slice. I'll show it to you. I'll slice my slice. You're the ratio of your choice. I'll show it to you. I know some yumm, a few embroidered and gold. It's your info. I'll wear it every moment. I go round the other 80s. They don't go one this day. Oh, so be it. I guess you're my slice. I'll slice my slice. I'll show it to you. You're the ratio of my slice. I'll slice my slice. I'll slice my slice. I'll slice my slice. You're the ratio of your choice. I'll slice my slice. I'll slice my slice. I'll slice my slice. Friday is all we jack up on the Sabbath. Thursday is all we've made it a break. I'll be sitting up like a friend that the yorker is. I'll cry your mouth. And she'll be singing away Being sure you should I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I've been stressing What's wrong with you? Wake up and come fast So please, what's wrong with you? You've been asking Sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry You've been stressing I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry What is that a way to a question? Somewhere in Boston, which will tell you exactly what's pot it's going to be as soon as you ever get through with a QM van for a centre one. 120,849 bucks. We are really kicking some very serious ass. 1126 at 5.50 WQM. What is a buffalo bill? This is Debbie. Hello, how are you? I'm interested in going through operations. OK. And from body contouring and some liposuction? There's one there and there's some tummy tuck. And lip augmentation, cosmetic press, surgery, face gets to all of these things. There's one there. More extra work. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. OK, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? I can't be done. I don't know if they would do right away. The lotion in the basket. How much? 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too. And laser surgery. Have the lens stopped crying yet, mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works in the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. OK. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then upon looking at you, we can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? If you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Well, should I make an appointment? Yes. OK. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. OK. OK. OK. My name is buffer O'Bill. OK, let me get a little information from you. OK. Why? Why? Let's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. OK. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the basket. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. OK. I will talk to you in the time. It works the lotion in the basket. No? OK. Everybody got it out there. You understand? OK. Open line of day two and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on the ATT wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. I'm Philill. Yes, sir. I think you can be soon ready to file that with prison bitch and the dwayne stomp. You know, the kill in it. Anyway, I think there is something wrong with your phone earlier. And yesterday you were saying, Broward wide open, Broward wide open, hit in dial tone. I don't know. It was busy. I wore out redile trying to get old. Really? In the Broward line, I'm in Broward now. I'm calling on a day line. Because you can't get through on the Broward line. Did you say they're wide open? Well, we got dialed tone, John. But evidently, there's something screwed up with this phone again. Of course, it would only be about the 800th time in here that we've been here. It's a big one. How can I try to do it? Talk to you with a phone system that doesn't work. How can we say it doesn't happen? Hey, at the end of the last decade, you had a killer song called The Data 80s Guide. Where at the end of another decade. Do you still have that song? The day the 80s died? Yeah, it was like the day the music died. But it was the day the 80s died. It was excellent. He's the play it. Olden days. Vague. Real vague. I know we don't have it. How about do you for some liquor and gun? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Everybody say thanks for, sweeten our phone. Good up today. Yeah, thanks. I'm going to ask you a question. How do you like that? For a change. What? Joe is reporting the lines to see if that'll have any effect. Yeah, we're going to get to hell upstairs. And I throw it off with this. Have it a forward line and play games and dillera. It's like playing pocket pool here. You call one number and then it's got to go over to here. And then you push it over to there and put the eight ball in the pocket and put the lotion in the basket and all the other ball crap is what it's all about. Guy. Hi. I met you for it. Mr. and Guns. We have a large selection of foods and farms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the Crudsel Delphiolic Beverly Dan Webbins for your next outing. Going to girl, Hutton? Then you'll love our love prices on Schnaps and Hangerineates. Living in the city. Check out our deal on hand, Guns at Telephone 1. Maybe you aren't interested in hunting yourself, defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox. Well, we've got Gallon Jazz Wild Perky and 44 Magnum Shadows on sale. They speak on like the world for 24 hours. We've never checked out these and we're in our air through. So come on down to Buford and so the liquor in Guns, where everything leaves loaded. I do remember the thing you've talked about. That was a great bit. Do we have it anymore? No. Open line of date to a Broward. Let's pick up the phone and see if the guy damn phone works. Okay. Let's do a little experiment. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18, 2, 1, 2, 1. Let's everybody pick up your instrument right now and just dial. Just to see if the guy damn phone is working. To see if you're getting a busy signal. To see if we're getting a business here today for about the 200. Don't forget by the way, eight days from today, December 30 is what day is that going to be next Wednesday. A week from tomorrow, December 30, it's 1998. We'll be our one year anniversary on WQAM. What? Third one. Third one. Oh, the 30th. We start. Oh, God. Sorry. We started December 30th last year, Mr. And December 30th. Let's see. Can it let me figure my arithmetic one year from last December 30th? We'll probably be December 30th this year. All right. Nice arithmetic there, Neil. And we are just waiting and anticipating. Nezhy'd be a momentous. That should be something. Is that going to be a phenomenal day or what? No. See those other two Broward lines are ringing. I mean, we're just doing a test here. I don't even want to talk to those people. Just to see if they can make the goddamn lines ring. And they were, especially number five and six there. There's something did a little of what these got in phone lines, man. If I said we had $45 million for the first collar line five, it's still wouldn't ring, which we don't have 45 cents. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60. This takes me back to the old days at WS News. When they got that brilliant idea of putting in the choke lines, and we were choking out of all, right? Every time one of the FM stations we run a contest, we get a fast busy and we couldn't get any phone calls. I'd be sitting there at night screaming and yelling, come on, where the hell are you people? And there were like 6,000 people dialing in and nobody could get through. I don't think it's rolling them over. This is what it's doing. That's what I really get and call them line four. They're not rolling up. Well, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to roll over for any second. I'm not even in the box yet, but I'm getting ready to roll over. Every single day I heard Hank the other day screaming and hearing out about the crap over net building. This course, this building is a little bit newer. And we believe we got the ants falling from the ceiling in here. Do we have an exterminator out there who'd like to donate us services and come over here since this outfit is too cheap to get an exterminator, kill a goddamn bug. Not just in the other building on Sheridan Street and that toilet, they don't kind of exterminate over here. Eight days, it'll be a year we've been here if we had seen an exterminator once. Nobody with little can or raid anybody like with anything. No. With an ant trap, thank God the guy brought us those ant traps, bring those into the moral. For over at Borders on Saturday, God came with a couple of ant traps, and it's not a joke. We just said we have ants falling from the ceiling now. Look at that, we got these two lines that don't that they can't get through. Because it is not moving over. Thanks again, Bell South, you people blow. You butt, you stuck the big one, baby, that's all I could tell you. 23 years, I've been going through this business, sitting and screaming and yelling for phone calls, and I got 48 billion people out there desperate to try to get through just to say, if he, that's right. And they still can't get through because we can't even even Alexander Graham Bell is humiliated and embarrassed by this excuse for a guy to inform system. Here's a Cooper city, hello. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. I was just hearing you say about Brooke Daniels getting a second chance. Yeah. And how come good guys like Craig wereting or set to help on their hands? Because that's what that company does best is they screw the good people and the no talent people that keeps sticking them on the ear again. How easy doing if you heard from Craig? Not good. Not good. Well, it's a shame, because I heard Tom Jick on some low rated shows, Sunday night on 790, some old schlepper. And he was talking about having no radio column again. I heard you mention that too. Yeah. There was no interest in it. So, well, what do you mean there's no interest in it? What does that mean? I mean, I think there's more people listening to radio now than the 10 years ago when Tom was writing about radio. What does that mean? There's no interest in it. I don't know, but so many people are interested in radio, but he said that there was no interest in people reading it in the sense of it. Uh-huh. Sure. That's a good excuse. My two rating books that came out, nobody wrote anything about it. Craig gets screwed in the back. Nobody writes anything about it. They keep moving all these people around. Rick and son to go back in the morning. The only place you'll find out anything that's going on in radio and is down is on this show. That's true. That's why I listen. Damn right. Could I ask you a request? Yes, sir. Okay. Thanks, sir. Okay. I'm not going to keep pushing these numbers because it's not the audience. It's the phone is screwed up here. I probably have like two or three people who, uh, with an IQ bigger than their thumbnail even trying to call today. And we still can't get the calls to because our phones just don't blow. It sucks. It's the beasley way again, baby. Just here after I thought we got everything straight, not more technical in competence because they care enough to send a very cheap is not the very best. The very, very cheap is that money can buy. God forbid, we should add like our own real phone numbers over here instead of having it as bit we're forwarding. We're sitting over here, we're off the, uh, eight falls into the corner pocket. Right. 21 till noon is 5. 60 WQA. So you too. Yeah. I don't know. It's hell. He'll wake me up in the morning. Oh, right. He'll wake me up with a smile. I'm gonna bring you back home. He'll be a solution. I'm gonna build up. I'm gonna build up. It's 1144-562W2. Some of these people have something underlings the version is going to get psychotic over the package that he will be standing. He's working here a lot longer than I am. So, in each and accumulation of frustration level, over the technically incompetence in the mediocrity and like the bugs in the bugs in the equipment and the bugs on the wall and the bugs falling from the ceiling, and you find that I can understand why he goes aproproctic. Because you come in with a smile on your face and with just a matter of moments, everything is going to hell on a hand basket because the scotch tape starts to fall off the wall and the nuts and bolts that the chicken wire that they're holding equipment together starts falling apart. Absolutely bush league, baby. That's the best I can describe this operation. Bush, freaking league. Here's my N.E. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You have problems with immigrants, no? Okay. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, sir. Bush, I just got my hand, my groovy little hand. What about Henry 19, anyway? He took those. Yeah. But, just what he says, the best I've been to, your Rogers of W.C. Planet in the way this is equivalent, but W.C. And Miami. I guess that was for your help you gave off your words. What is it? Really? I'm here right away. It's a little bit for my Pauci. Well, I'm 99, 98. What do you mean? I'm not. How many? You're killing David for talk radio. You guys are, I got it in my hand right now. What does that say? But, apparently, fire thing that pulled out. This is a little picture of him as a kid. Why never even looked inside of that thing, because he personally autographed a nice going there, Phil. Special thanks to, oh yeah, David, G. Hall. And then the Rogers at W.C. Miami. I mean, I just got on Phil. Are you sure positive? Yeah, there you go. Thank you for pointing on. Never want to see that. Yeah. Well, we did a good job. We raised 20 grand for our Phil's children. I thought it was thinking about it here. Of course you should think about that. Well, at least he appreciated to anyone. Right exactly. So. Anyway, that was great. OK, thanks. All right, thank you. There you go. Clearly, somebody appreciates a good stuff you try to do. We have an open line of date to and Broward. Give it a shot. OK, Stephen, you can get through. You're going to get through. No, I'll give it a try anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8. Let's go. Here's the four mires, Tullah. Yes. One last time. Yes, sir. It's when I was over in Borders, Saturday. It purchased the part 1 and 2 tapes for you. Thank you, guys. I love them. They're great. I got the nuggets last year. Could you give you a story? I was in Mexico City recently. I was over there with a bunch of people. We got ripped off by the cab driver. After some of the people got out of the cab. You're not keeping them out of those stories. I can't imagine my anybody would want to go to Mexico on vacation or to visit for five minutes or for drugs or any other reason because it's a miracle if you come back alive. Well we went over there for a martial arts tournament and when we got out of the cab the cab driver took off with the people's luggage in the car and the cameras in the front seat. Nice. Just get straight home going. But you doing a great job. We love you over here. Well let me ask you in other words you paid the cab driver before you got out and got your luggage. Yeah well they were getting out to get the luggage out they hadn't paid them or had yet. Yeah. And then as they got out of the cab the cab driver with the doors open. Also don't forget to care about the money. You just stole all the stuff that was in the lug. Well for everything in the car. Nice. So getting out of the cab. Once you're crap in there basically. They're experienced but we love you over here. It's great to have you on and I'm a long time listener. I happen to be homeless week from work so I want to be give you a call. So you're doing a terrific job. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great life. Okay. So in other words that's a good idea. Pack a lot of. Okay. Just in case it's very difficult to place as much Mexico City a tent to workplace. Everybody I've ever asked always says every time I bring up Mexico they say, no don't even think about it. Believe me you don't want to go down. I mean all these horror stories about how the that's the favorite trick now. If they spot a tourist they pick you up in the cab at the airport and if they think you got a few bucks they take out in the middle of nowhere and they steal your jewelry in your cash and your wallet and your, etc. So on your credit card and they leave you out there if you're lucky. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. This is Bobo. Okay. Great. Have a nice life. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to say something about the game last night. You got to commend Jimmy for going out there and doing what he did with that team, especially after his mother died. Yeah. I die of call in earlier. He's a jerk. He's an asshole. Yeah. I mean after that, I'm a much of a doppelgit. I'm a giant fan. But you know, I went to the game last night. He wasn't a gone air last night and if for some reason they would have lost the game, they would be ripping him an ass today. He would be he would have bought on his erect a month. I'll tell you that right now. I know in this town what a bunch of hard asses these people are. They are so inconsistent, man. It's unbelievable. I mean, in fact, I'm going to the store. I'm in the car for a few minutes last night during the second quarter. And at that point, you know, I think it was with either three nothing or ten nothing that Denver. And the dolphins were really sticking the joint out and, uh, Marry Mr. Field or chip shot field goal. And even even those infer and mandatory of all people are ripping them an ass and talking about what, you know, their times when the good teams come forward and really stand up. And I mean, the games only in the second quarter. And already they're just slicing them on major ass. Yeah, I'm a giant fan through it through a nice thing. But, you know, I speak with you. And you know, as well as I do it, you watch that game objectively less than if it wouldn't been for the horrendous officiating, would have been a blow out. They would have lost a field. The reformals should have been called. Right. I got a request. Yes, sir. Can you play the two joints in the morning and the afternoon and you think so? Okay. Thanks a lot, Neil. And have a great life. Here, too. Mm-hmm. Nice mother dies. There's people calling it ripping. All the footage stuck to that. What kind of respect does it for something you'll butt punch out there? No matter what anybody does for you, reformal man. So, okay? Unbreakable bastard. Mm-hmm. I'm hurt. He's Danny. I think he stole a free trade. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, how long have you been pushing? Get out of time, you'll quit. She's my dreambaby diamond. I'm too void. faz. And days. I'm too just, I mean after or think they're d ordering, is alright. Cuz I strong brutality. Oh! My tent was Turkey, yes. I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you Okay All cool cool All cool cool That's why I bought blue yarn It's a morning I bought blue yarn I bought blue yarn It's a day after And it's made really good All right I bought blue yarn I bought blue yarn I bought blue yarn I bought blue yarn And it's a day and I'm on Roll for box Everyone I'm a little bit scared If we don't know what your favorite box are And all come and she gave me ahand And we can't eat Oh Friends Friends Vars Friends We lovebey Vf Why all the Boyca �y70 to 5 secret 6 deathcrack highs 8th day ball Brian sitting in for the books tonight from six to later clock and then we got the eighty k getting up a little bit early eight till midnight tonight. So there's a rumor circulating around town that people do you know the clear channel building is right down the street down 441 just a very few blocks from here just about six blocks is all of this the handful of blocks. When we're circulating around town that people do on a way to work this morning peat on our phone lines. Are you believing it? I believe it. Open line a date all three and brown and of course you won't get to give it a shot five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the eighteen t wildest one yesterday we should have known there was so I should have known. Coming here yesterday after weeks of sizzling and smoking and yanking it. And all of a sudden yesterday and today we're looking at the phone that don't work. Here's Miami hello. Hey you listen there's a you're right about the uh about the uh journalism down here regarding radio have you ever checked out uh site called radio digest.com on the internet no. Give us some pretty much another uh one of those computer nerds no. Give us some pretty good uh interesting articles about uh you know what's going on in various cities and tell you it has a minute update of recently down here they got the Alice Rantel leaving and uh Randy Rhodes taking on Kenna Star but uh oh yeah that's no yeah. Hey it gives us some interesting stuff so I just thought let's just yeah. Well no but the people look ordinary people who aren't computer nerds aren't interested in getting their news about what's going on on the internet most of us we pick up our newspaper we sit on the throne for a couple minutes and we like you know that's where people uh want to find out what's going on. Well actually though I mean I was the same way as you are I mean you can't really bring uh the laptop into the throne. In addition to which most of the stuff that's on the internet is written by a bunch of groupies idiots like Mr. Radio and all these other silly people who haven't got any idea what they're writing about and just put a lot of stupid rumor on there that's uh that's not an excuse for guys like Jika and uh and Terry O'Brien and these other supposed uh uh media people and they just ignore it and for Jika to come on here and say well nobody cares about radio bullcraft. Bullcraft there's just as many people listening to radio now is there were five years ago and ten years ago and 20 years ago. Yeah okay thanks to Scott's Worts we got to Kenna Bugsbury we got to Kenna Ray and all right oh leave it to a good Jewish boy like Scott's Worts to come in here with uh it's a Ray. Five six seven oh five I don't know what I'm doing here I'm not gonna pull a hand can get up and start not gonna walls down here but I'm right on the edge of it because it's frustrating and infuriating and it's unacceptable. Christ and uh and uh Sarah and Sally too yeah forget about you're not gonna get any journalism in this town it just doesn't exist it's just it's just a cop out it's an excuse radio waiting in and they created they created by ignoring it by not writing anything about what's going on or radio then they turned around say well nobody cares sure whatever you say here's Hollywood hello Neil how you doing okay sir uh I'll say getting late hasn't helped book shields at all yeah she's still is so lame yeah flipper she is like Neil could you do you have uh the bagplipes yeah could you please no chance play the x today pal I'm not gonna bat you know it is the holidays it's all request a week and month and year maybe the way things are going here but I'm not gonna well put your good bit like that see that's the problem I do the request of is they want to hear the shit the bridge tender anyone who you're uh that play in bagplipes nothing original nothing new enough and eating that way to do come up with some original we go uh what like that and part of the reason for that is that idiot roars yeah the orange and erover there it's a passion who made us uh throw out about 50,000 carts stuff that you'll never hear again if you live to be 200 great stuff because the well and we had passion we don't like carts so if you're gonna all that stuff you got about five minutes to get out of here thanks bro you jackass roars three minutes before noon at five 50 WQI. Penn Control. I've been sliding rides, doing rides, I've been sidelinesaubed� Veén, riding quick PSOPS, even Lord VenzFerned. Oh my conhe... Then Izus gather! Means my none gonna do the way, I've made up my mind, but all men that he's kinda really blind. I can eat a mugger, eat a sugar, more forever than I will. And eat a tutti roll, so I have a steak. Oh, Rack. My way keeps on driving, but I don't leave no hope he's behind. Because all that cheese can really buy. And I'm not sure if I can eat a steak. It ain't always the same. Eat better and get a holiday. When all you really want is the chicken. My stomach is sour, can you flour? Maybe I've been stoned. If I don't go so night, my next mold. I just offered these bags, get some extra bags. If you do that, it's like what of the seven deadly symbols. Sure, I bet you'll lose weight, but I bet you'll also lose your mind. Because all men that cheese can really buy. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I don't know if I can eat a lot of cheese. I heard a book about 15 minutes yesterday. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. I've always wanted. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. Here's a deal. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work. I tried to listen to breakfast for about five minutes. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to remove is my thing. We don't do that. Could you do breast implants, though? I can't be done. It's the lotion in the basket. How much? Five thousand. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. There is a surgery. Have the lens stopped crying yet. Mommy. I'm sorry. Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. I'm looking at you and tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy. If you'd like to. It works in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. If there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. My name is Puffer O'Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. It works in the basket. I understand. It works in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works in the basket. In the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me B. I'm going to call me B. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the basket. Bill. It works in the basket. I understand that. It works in the basket. What you like to make an appointment? It works in the basket. Okay. I will talk to him in the car. It works in the basket. Hello. If you think that's funny. Earl Mums are the editor of the Assault Sentinel. He says we believe that non-gamblers are interested in points bread. As much as those who make bet. Oh yeah. I'm never going to let. I'm going to keep this here. The rest of my life. We believe that non-gamblers. That's why they put the points bread in here because those of us who are just casually interested in the ball games. We are checking those points bread. They're going to let them make a bet. You understand? We're just as interested in those compulsive gamblers who listen to the at Kaplan Show. Here's a mobile in top and a hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I'm taking this funny. I'm driving up 95 right now. Blue Nod Beach Blank all over Santa Claus in a go-kart. Help traffic up to about 50 miles an hour for about a half an hour. Not that I got any place to go or anything but couldn't believe it. Nice. Hey, shamelessly. Yes sir. You still have the cut when you're an IOD about the guy that loses his job and they're telling his wife on the... Oh. That's a good one. Okay. I haven't read that. Okay. Oh, that was it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Can you share my sweet quest please? Yeah. The Goldies song. Y'all me? Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Have a nice holiday, Y'all. Good. Two. So you just have a big salon here. That's what Joe says. That's what Joe says. That's what Joe says. That's what Joe says. That's what Joe says. That's what Joe says. Try and do the macho. Your voice sounds just like a fantastic year of girl. A little for tow show. What else are you saying? So go be. Dancing. Talkin' like a baby. Who needs a little driving? Why can't you answer her name? You don't know like a man. We both love rubber signs. That show. Your throat sounds healthy. Dancing. Dancing. Girl, be. Your lucky management doesn't care. God, tell me. You don't belong there on the air. And tell me. So sports can break till your voice cracked. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say you only take you back when both your babies drop. Tell can be. Dancing. When you're gonna grow up. You make that want to grow up. You silly, sneaky fool. Go to broadcasting school. You're pretty, you bastard boy. Thank you. Now, die, die. You're a hot hot. I'm just wondering. You think everybody's starting with a regular man. Also in the right start. In the right way too. Interesting. You have to tune in to fight out again. Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalene. One surprise me if they're on their little Mikey. Doing their uglubo. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. Happy anniversary. Thank you so much. I'm going to start with the guy from the hospital. Okay. Um, this is the first one. You're on QOM. Yeah. So my son a year is good enough to wait. So that's one call and I can't reverse you. Question. Did anybody ever tell you about the bookstore about two weeks ago he was doing a show on Thursday? No. And he's showed with the openness of West Side Story. And that out about four. What time would the bookstore was playing show tunes? Yeah. We get a show. Tony with our member because the third thing is you're on the day out of this into the show. Yeah. This is the five six on the way home. That's the Jimmy Johnson show. Yeah. And he's not on about four mother efforts on the air. Really? Yeah. But that was gorgeous. It's a sports show. It's okay. Yeah. He just came out of the league after he finally caught on to it. He came out of the league. He was like, oh well. And I just started his show. Yeah. Right. Okay. We have a good one. And how you to? Well, how do you like that? It's a sports show. We can say we want on a sports show, right? Yeah. Because I know he always does. Well, what's wrong with that? Words that the rest of us go to jail for saying, but if it's a sports show, hey, you know, it's like when you're watching a ball game, especially the hockey games that they got the microphone. We're close to the ice, so you can hear all the nation, the ice, the ice, the escape on the ice and the hitting in the screen. And every word that's ever been invented is on. They're like, all through the game. It's okay because it's a sporting event. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Great. Happy holidays. Thank you. Happy whatever. I have a request, but I'll leave that for later. Yes. I'm going to Vegas in two weeks. Yeah. And how's the weather up there in January? Oh, it's week of January. Real cool. That's like 45 in the daytime, 25 in night. Give her take. Oh, that's great. So happy clothes. And that's too bad, though. That's good. But anyway, my shameless request is bad. Okay. Every day. No chance. Okay. So I'm saying about this. We're never going to be able to make it till the new year. In fact, I'll make a list tomorrow. Right. The beginning of bits that we will absolutely not play until after the new year. That will be one of them, by the way. Jacket of box, bagpipes, young Neil, Bridgetender, anything else? Now, body organization. What is this? Oh, present. But you want to hear that for July, maybe?