So, excuse me, you a cow, yes, for me, I am a cow! Come and lick us as base these well-bubbed. E.B.K. Mugab and the Rindic Tater Jew, simply by having more money than you. Boolean hair that is, dirted deals, express it, and she'll dab it. In a real gouverneur, a toy room raised, the other gouver's name was Buddy in the K. Had a new fitting suit and a skeletal head, and when they took his pulse, they discovered he was dead. Braided, that is, no brains of backwards room. Now, Jeff represents the Christian Reich, but somehow that support from the Jewish journal, Kikes, now they're all in the mass grave. Very, very deep and as wife wears a necklace of the feelings from their tea. Jewish gold melt his down of course. The Tallahassee Millionaires. Starring Heinrich Kimler as Jeff Bush, Ava Grond as Colombo, Ariana Huffington as Granny, and Dan Burton as General Bertals Air. But Tallahassee Millionaires, Brock E.O. by Asai Gondheim. I can't wait for that to return to article to come out. I think it's next week. Hitler was misunderstood as a youth. 26 before 11 at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, yesterday I go home from this join after a just unbelievably depressing day, but then again lately they all been like that, so what's a big deal. And I called up and the request in the middle of the show again, we had our sales manager, screw-in Winick, who walks in here. And she's got a letter from the FFA, which is the future fifth series of America. But whatever that stands for, they've floor to family association, which used to be the American Family Association, but then they got to cut off and they were like, we're like in bankruptcy. And then they finally got their few dozen members back together. Again, starting setting out their news letters full of crap. They're going to get Howard off the air, they're going to get in the Rogers off the air, they're going to get everybody off the air. They got in anybody off the air yet? No. They're going to get all the sponsors to cancel. So in any rate, over at the other station, since they were well used to dealing with this kind of stuff from the FFA and other people as well, there was really any state of panic. There was some concern they sent out letters. And then of course we had announcements, which we used to run periodically saying, that all material on broadcast on the radio station was copyright, and any unauthorized reproduction, et cetera, and dissemination of tapes was strictly prohibited by law, which stopped them from setting out these damn tapes, which they butcher up and they trap together, and make it sound like this is a pornographic radio show, which it is not. These are those good Christians again, over their entamped David Catenen is proud the FFA, who have decided, who just taken it upon themselves to decide, that they are the centers for the state of the assentures, for the state of Florida, and maybe the entire country of thinking get away with it. They're going to decide what you can listen to, what can be on the ear, what can't be on the ear, et cetera, and so on, like they're good, Christian lady to call the couple of weeks ago, that tells me I'm going to be off the ear by the end of the year. I guess what, honey? Wrong. So it indicates, who incomes in here and she says, he's got a copy of a transcript that they've sent out to some of our sponsors, which our sponsors all through the years on all those stations have always supplied us with copies of these things and say, we told them to go to hell or with you in a waste basket or whatever, and don't worry about it. Because most of our sponsors are local and they understand the show and they know exactly what this FFA is all about, where they're coming from. School and Winneculver comes in here during a break in the middle of my very depressing show yesterday after I've already had a tolerate Gary Sarner and his unacceptable behavior. And she says to me, oh, what are we going to do? The sponsors are canceling left and right. That's a direct quote. We're getting cancellations left and right because the FFA, the future, all got it back with a feature fist of a mirror, almost in that screw up. Have been sending these letters out, you know, a lot of context and getting everybody nervous about advertising on your show, which is again, it's been going on, let me say it again for years. So needless to say, since it's only my livelihood that's at stake and I'm starting to think to myself, well, maybe these people aren't competent, maybe they aren't F, you've heard of the word in F, well there must be word F, maybe they aren't F enough to a combat and deal with this problem since they don't know anything about it. Since the rest of the time, they don't have very much controversial stuff on here since it's a sports station. And it's okay for the jacks to go on and say, all the words and of course you've heard them all and then, you know, it's a separate deal, managed can say, any of these other guys can say whatever they want, that's okay, it's a sports deal. And it's not pornograph because those are Marco sports guys, not some Jew atheist flag sitting on a radio being potty mouth. So I made a call yesterday to this radio station, which is quite an experience in itself. I made the call, some guy answers the phone. I said, Greg Reed, please. He said it was calling. I said, Neil Rogers, okay, one moment please. Put me on hold. The next sound I hear is, hello. And immediately as soon as I heard, hello. I knew it was the water not see was fill us up stairs. Which I've already given you 10 months ago, I gave you the whole story about her. I don't deal with her. She don't deal with me and we both like it that way. Hello. I said, yeah, I was waiting for Greg Reed. The way's this. I said, Neil, co, Neil. Oh. Give me a number. So of course not expecting a return call, which I did get about 25 minutes later, which is very unusual for Greg Reed. Not expecting a return call since we usually put playcat in mouse and he likes to play the avoidance game. I called screw-in-win. It's our sales manager to find out what the other real story was. Are we really getting cancellations left and right? And I get around the phone and, but I mean, but above and maybe we ought to be sending, see our sales people, even as inept as many of them are, have been bringing us copies of those letters, and all this crap from the FFA, the future fist piece of America for a month now. And I assume that if the sales manager wanted do something in response, like, you know, like IOD used to do, send a general letter out to the agency's dollar bar sponsors, but let them know what this is all about, an attempted censorship and total distortion of what they show us all about, you know, sending a letter out. I thought that maybe they might have already done this, but now just at this point since screw-in says, we're getting cancellations left there, the sky is falling, says screw-in. Even though you hear all of these spots on this radio station, including they show, I mean, just spot after spot after spot, the spots never ran on a station, for example. You've heard some of this claimers by the other toilet dealers, they turned the volume away up and they said to the proud, what are you looking at me for? We got another spot break to do here, baby. Course the conversation with screw-in-win to Carl Seals manager is like, when you talk to her, it's like somebody who's saying goodbye before you finish saying hello. Hey, how you know, okay, see you later. That's always the conversation, including the one on the telephone. So about 10, 15 minutes later, my phone rings and there's Greg Reed returning my call. Oh my God. That's right, there he was, must've gotten the message from the Water Nazi upstairs. Why do I call Philistines the Water Nazi? Because we have some, you know, we're on two different floors here, while this construction is being finished, which is only taken about three years. And so some of our sales people down here have like little plastic drinking cups, and while we're sitting in there on the phone, talking to their clients and doing whatever they're doing, they like to have a little something to, you know, what they're whistle. A little water, water and Florida. Water and Florida, what a concept. And so every time they go to get water, they have to go upstairs on the third floor, and we have a, you know, jugs. Can I say jugs? Some of the people upstairs got jugs. Oh, no, not her. And a water, which I guess the company must pay for, big, big bucks. Tell me, first of all. I don't think so. And the new deal, long has been that if any of our people go upstairs and take more than a symbol full at a time of water, the water Nazi, oh, yeah, that one. She's like a carrying on, like it's coming out of her wallet, coming out of her paycheck. Bitching people out, isn't that what I ran didn't rave back in a January about that scene out in the parking lot here with your hearing Gary Sarner, which was a match made in heaven, by the way. If I, and I know what I, then what I know now, maybe I wouldn't have even been impressed by it, I would just ignore it. Because they deserve each other. It's a match made in purgatory. The water Nazi. Oh, don't take more than that. This is a, this is major market radio. This is a company that is supposed to be making money and a major impact here. This is your dolphin station. This is the Neil Roger station. This is the Hank Goldberg station. This is your big highfaluteney. I'm radio station that even a little bit of water you take up there and you have to put up with a bunch of crap, a bunch of abuse and crap from the water Nazi. Don't take anymore. Things are getting really tight around here. You bastard. So any of my Greg Reed-Bee terms my call? And I mentioned him to the conversation I had with screw and our sales manager, he said, that's not true. We have one cancellation. And I already knew about that cancellation and I'll tell you what the cancellation was by the way. I'll tell you right up front. It was not a local or a regional account. It's an account that I didn't want to do in the first place. The John Pena is one of our sales people. Just decided that I was going to endorse live without asking me first the video professor, which I felt I had very ambivalent feelings about, because it's one of those deals where they do give you something basically for free in the beginning. And then they start, you know, they keep a bucket need to buy a bunch of more stuff. I knew what it was. And I was like medium to this and chanted about doing it. But, you know, what's the one's already on there? There was much other I could say about it. So they canceled because they got a letter from the FFA, the Florida Fist Association. So whatever the hell it stands for. Yeah, they got their fist in each other's hands. Right, go ahead and go over there in Tampa. And so great retails, mean that that's a total absolute effing lie that we have an animal bunch of cancellation to the sky is not falling. And I come in this morning, I see we got so many spots. We were, if we had calls which we don't have it, but if we didn't have, we would have time for them anyway. Because it's all spots radio. We are completely totally sold out on this show. Every avail. So anybody out there who thinks that the new Roger shows going up because a bunch of putwackers over in Tampa are setting a bunch of twisted distorted, painful letters out to all our sponsors, you're dreaming it ain't gonna happen sweetheart. All you people that are monitoring now and sitting down there wasting valuable time that you could be using helping somebody who's like dying in a hospital or helping homeless people or whatever they might be doing, something constructive, which would be the good Christian thing to be doing. But instead of that, they're out there monitoring and they're writing down in a long hand and they're embellishing and they're, oh, cause this is it. And why is that? Why do we have this Christian thing in America? Because Christian in America, including the Republican Party, which has been taken over by a bunch of lunatic right wing Christians, that stands for censorship. That's what the C and Christians stands for. censorship and control. We will control you. We'll tell you what you can say. We'll tell you who can be on here and if they're to the left of Lard-ass Limbaugh or to La de Hontes, you can't be on there. And you can't be saying those things. And certainly not saying those goddamn words. You just can't do that. Cause we decided, that's why. I mean, forget about the first amendment, forget about the FCC, forget about anything. Cause we just decided we're a pissed off. Rather than fighting something else to do, we have decided that you can't be on here, how are can't be on here? Nobody else can be on here unless we give our stamp of approval. And we're just gonna try to terrorize and bully you off the earth. Well, ain't gonna work. It absolutely positively is not gonna work. And if I have to come in here and play music, every goddamn day for the next four years, guess what, I'll do it. Because as happens every single time that we're up against it, this is never one thing that you can vet your life on in this town. Every time you're up against it, every time there are people trying to get you off the air and you'll need support, this is what we get. Look at the phone, that's what you get. We've had three weeks of coma here, no matter what it is, and I'm not gonna waste my time today talking about my Tyson or Lawrence Taylor, or about how good the least look last night and how good the Nashville Prudders and how tight I didn't see on Larry King last night about how much of the photographer supposedly sneaked in the house and the photographer did it, which is the newest spin they're trying to put on the thing to try to say mommy and daddy certainly couldn't have done it because the photographer sneaked in the house. I've got 80 million things. I could talk about that Mary K. What does her name? L'Octurnal, over there in Washington State, that's having her second baby by this 15 or 16 year old kid who looks like he just landed on the spaceship. They had that story on last night. We're in God's name to the chief find this creature. This skinhead, this freak of nature, while I think it's a match made in heaven. And of course the best part is like I've always told you, they're reproducing good news. And he's over in Paris now, the 16 or 15 year old father of these two illegitimate kids, who was doing his school teacher, who just can't stop getting enough. He's over in Paris with his lawyer and they're writing a book to make it a book to your own parents. All right. Because you know something? That's the American book in the way. Amen, baby. You got it. Just like Monica with her book deals and her movie deals, she couldn't afford enough to go to the laundry with that dress. She couldn't go to the dry cleaner to get the dress clean. But now all of a sudden there's millions coming all over the place for Monica's story. Maybe she might even show us evidence of her presidential knee pads. Maybe we could see those two. So here we are. And by the way, last night they had a great piece on NBC about the why most people on campus, most kid die on campus. You know the cause of 95% of deaths on campus? Binge drinking. Booze, that's right. Booze. Not drugs, not marijuana. Booze. 90% of rapes on campus. Connected with booze. There you go. Are we gonna go back to prohibition? No. Did it work in the first time? No. But boy, you get covered a few marriage whiny plants, baby. Refer madness. That's what it's all about. Don't ever forget it. Don't ever forget that, man. You let your man anybody else out there. That's a hypocrite phone. You got good E2 shoes about this issue. Which should be a non issue in the country that civilized in the advance and beyond the kindergarten age. That's about the maturity level of our government in this country. Like, right about kindergarten, I would say. Kind of like the people around here. So, San, the sham. Let me just say this to you. And this goes for several of the people that is building. OK. I will show up here every goddamn day and take that paycheck every two weeks. Whether we have any calls, no calls, any ratings, no ratings. I'll continue showing up. You want to rate me a check? See, this isn't my doing. It's not like some kind of plot that I've been doing. I've been showing up here every day for 10 months. Doing the best I can. I used ratings on a station. I just spot right on a station. Sold out 16 minutes an hour, even though we agreed to 14. Nevertheless. So I'll continue showing up here every day. But some of you people in here don't even waste your time crossing my path. I don't have time in my life for liars. BSR this, I don't deal with that. Because like I've told you a million times when you get to be my age and you've paid your dues, you take as little as possible. That's right. That's part of my motto. Do know harm is number one, but take no. That's number two. That's like not too far down the list. That's right under DNH. His TNC. Take no rap, right. And don't deal with assholes. Don't deal with people like everything you try to do. And this center one thing. And I'm sure that there are people around here, including people in the audience. All center one, that's with people with AIDS. That's a fact thing. I hate to break the news here. Center one helps women, helps children, helps straight people, gay people, bisexual people. AIDS doesn't discriminate. There are more heterosexual people getting AIDS. Now that homosexual people, but don't confuse anybody with the facts. It's not a gay organization. It's an organization that helps people are desperate with medication, whatever they need. And it's an organization that's a damn good one. And there's a lot of great work. And even if a warna good organization, it still tax deductible. It's a charitable donation. And we got great stuff there on OCDs. So Sam the sham, maybe it's a big joke to you. Since I still have a received dollar one from anybody in his radio station for a center one, not a penny. I realize we still have two months and 10 days to go. Not a dime. And I remember back in the days when Camelis House was our charity. Remember that's what we got. They got two up at a for us. They didn't want those dolphin posters because we got a poster with three of the dolphins. I forget who they were. I think Mark Clayton was one of them. And the dolphins did this because we were the dolphin station and IOD. And number two, they wanted to help with our Camelis with our fundraiser for the Camelis House. And so three of the players got dressed up in cowboy uniforms. They got on horses with shotguns. Remember that? And then we made a poster with a beautiful thing. And we were selling those for 20 bucks or whatever was to raise more money for Camelis House. And Camelis House refused to allow us to sell those because they felt that the message was, these are three black guys and it black people are criminals that they're folks. They've gone. He might at the same time as that policy movie. The all black cowboy movies. Right. Right. Oh yeah. Right. That was the message. But the message that they got was all black people are criminals and they all got guns and they're dangerous and therefore we don't want to be associated with it. But back in the days when we did Camelis House and raised probably over a million dollars for them, I would say it easy for many, many years. Back in those days, the mail. Remember all the mail I used to come in every day? Tons of envelopes of mail. I'm not talking about people who are buying CDs or cassettes or one anything and return donations. $100 here, $50 there. That was for Camelis House for the homeless. And believe me, I still feel very strongly about the homeless. I'm very sorry that Camelis House didn't feel strongly about us that they're too good to take our money. Those good cat looks over there at the center at Camelis House. But since we changed the charity that we raised money and do this fundraiser for every year, since it became center one, do we get one of those checks? No. Oh, get any mail with checks in the, uh, no. In the envelope, no. All of those good, wonderful people that were helping us with their charitable donations. All of a sudden, they can't afford a dime. They can't spare no change. And that's where he said. So I'm going to continue doing my fundraiser and do the best I can and show up at those appearances, which I donate my time. I don't take a penny for those deals. And hope, well, you know, like I said, hope to do the best, but believe me, not expecting any assistance or any cooperation from in here. This grand work and on at border stings, so we can get any up to date numbers. Oh, you're saying the sham do anything besides making a joke out of this with his plastic, stupid thing here with this $300,000 total. No. No. And I'll continue going on a record and exposing this place for exactly what it is until I start doing things like a goddamn fitter and one of the breaks he was down here and I was reading them the riot act. He looked at me like somebody had just shot him in the, uh, in the brain if we could find one. And George said, he doesn't speak that language. He doesn't understand what you're saying to him. He's never heard these things before. And I said, oh, 1057 at five. Yeah, but Neil Roger show. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your point. Any questions? So following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people with intimidate time and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience stores. Take some chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend. You're killing him. It's a simple solution. A life's complex problems. All you have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Now, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares. By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider the population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Look at all three at five, 60, WQM, we got a heck of a two o'clock today. I haven't looked at that schedule. I got anything special going on today. I don't know about any ballgame. Well, that's right. The world's serious. If we got the world's serious tonight, I'd like to clock the rankings in the Apod raise game three as the rankings will close it out two more. Lawrence Taylor, who battled drug addiction for more than a decade, was charged Monday with possession of crack after buying some from an undercover police officer. Here we go again. As much as a cocaine is a horrendous substance. Here we go one more time with that drug thing. The old L.T. is they finally call them because every joccus got to have a nickname to endure him to everybody. The other hand, he's, you know, were doing him all over the place because he can't break his crack cocaine habit. But on the other hand, here's Mike Tyson, who raped a woman and was, you know, in the slimmer for it for how many years he was in there not long enough. And try to bite the vendor Holyfield's ear off out there in Vegas. We see what the Tyson thing is all about is one thing. Money. That's all it's all about. All on hard times, which I told you last week, which is very unusual for there. But the aging economy has been the crapper. The US economy, everybody's been real nervous so that discretionary dollars, the people want to plunge their brains out and go gamble like crazy like we used to, not so many anymore. Plus the competition from California, the Indian reservations and coming from Mexico, they're surrounded in all sides, Bullocks, the United States. So Vegas has got tremendous competition. And even though they had grotesque things take place at the MGM grant, they had bottle throwing and people getting beat up, all kinds of ugly stuff, which ordinarily you never see in Vegas, that's the last thing that they want you to see. So even in spite of that, the fact is that they know that they can put this goon back at a ring, fighting a chimpanzee if that's what has to be, and still make a fortune make millions of dollars. That's what it's all about. And wasn't it heartwarming to see him surrounded by it? There was magic. Okay, magic's got a lot of time as TV show was off. And it was Muhammad Ali. Muhammad Ali should tell you everything about boxing and how barbaric and stupid it is. Just look at him. He's sitting there with his wife, making a statement. Of course, he can't read this statement because he's sitting there shaking with his Parkinson's disease and he's just looking off into space like a dead man in a suit. And his wife reads this statement. And of course there's Mike Tyson saying, oh, I'm so, so, so, so sorry. And I thought to myself, say it again a couple more time. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so sorry. You have no idea. Please don't torture me no more. And they said, okay. Okay, where's the money sweetheart? So, that's what that's all about. Okay, let's get to this plethora of call that we got on the board. Now, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's see if we got some live wires out there today. You think so? No. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. For give me dad's right, it's since. Yeah, it ain't, ain't, how's it going? Okay. And you know, it all goes back to your DNA, you know. And the people would just understand that, but the problem is people don't understand that. So, I don't know why is it so hard to understand what's so difficult about that. But see, I understand that. Why can't people leave everybody else alone? And if you want to listen to something that's different or watch something that's different as long as you're not harming anybody, what the hell is it anybody's business? Well, I just understand it. Yeah. See, I understand it. It's the other people that you still don't understand it. You know, they got to come up. It's just like you said, but the TV thing would channel for and the gate people and they showed the way they're nursing the missing claiming stereotypes right? Yeah, it's ridiculous, man. I wish, you know, you probably wouldn't like it, but I wish I was your neighbor because man, we get along great. Yeah, I wouldn't bother you. You wouldn't bother me. Hey, you need some milk. I'll let you buy some. No, I don't. I don't drink no, sorry. Oh, we'll need a doine. But hey, we could find some together. But anyways, that thing, I remember when you were on the other station, oh, that station, I hate. And you used to get on and you would open up letters and you would go, here's one for 50. Here's all I've got. Yeah, but we used to, and you know, something I went through that whole song that was not just now, I got one other call on the board and we'll be picked up where we left off yesterday. These people are got nothing to say assuming there might be anybody listening out there. And there must be somebody listening because everywhere I go, I go to publics, I'm out there driving on highway. People are high, firing there. They're waving there this to the, so they're out there listening. But the cats got their tongue on any of this stuff. They've got nothing to say about it. Yeah, but you know, I would be going into a whole new phase in Miami talk radio and the fact is that it's vanished. It just doesn't exist anymore. It's strictly one way talk. I don't know what happens, but I know for days and months when you kicked up to the campaign, I mean, every day you had piles of envelope. Ervy week, there were $1,000 coming in for Kano-Sah. And not only that week. Not only that, you would say, thank you, Jennifer, because Jennifer, we're coming to give you something or this person or that person. And I don't hear any of that crap over there. When you buy me, you don't hear it because nobody here other than Ron from our whammy stuff. And I think he's a great guy other than Ron. We haven't got, I haven't gotten the dime from anybody. I mean, I'm not one penny from the QAM staff from the management from anybody that works on his radio station. And like I said before, I'm the enemy. I'm not the sports guy. I'm not the juxtapes. So I'm not part of this as George calls it, the sports bar with a microphone. I'm not part of that deal. Yeah, it's like the guy from Naples that called it yesterday. Oh, you look so steady and banking a life, you know. I mean, tools and dollars, tools, great tools. Yeah, you know, I'm glad you mentioned that I was thinking about this last night. Am I terminal depression about this place? You know, fills a great friend of mine. He's a great guy. I know he's very, but you know something we raised $20,000 for Phil's charity out there in Los Angeles and very enthusiasticly so. But now that we come to October, November, December, which are the three months I'm trying to raise money for a charity here in town. I'm getting people. Oh, gee, you know, Phil's got a new CD. Oh, great. Well, good luck. They may be next spring will, you know, pedal some of those and raise some money for Phil. But in the meantime, we're trying to do our own thing. It's like the bitch that called me a couple of, oh, how come prison, bitch? We went out and bought your CDs. How come? It's not there. Oh, yeah, I heard that one. See, I no longer can satisfy these people. And you know something that reminds me when I was off the air for seven months, these people were psychotic. They couldn't live without me. But now after 10 months, well, he's old. Now they decided they want to fill back. You know, something we're filled where to come back tomorrow, which he's never going to come back to this horse and buggy town. But if he were, after a few months, they'd say, oh, well, you know, we've heard Marred and off. We've heard this. We've, we want something new. We want a new play toy. Like a bunch of little kids who want a new play toy every day. Same old crap. And, you know, I don't play a lick of golf. But I help, still, I had volunteers to help his when he did the Jimmy Rice thing. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's just to help and hand it. That keeps this place going. But everybody wants to close their hand. I don't understand it. And then I love you to get a new record. Okay, have a great day. Do it a bit. Okay. You're very difficult with me this morning. Hey. Hi. Oh, Spide. And you know, when I'm driving them, Ruth, I'm W on a hot server. Today, me and the Mrs. Always stop at Dickens. Dickens Fruit Stain. They've got everything from fruit to vegetables. Homemade past. But there is nothing like their side. Eight that ride, honey. Uh-huh. Dickens side. Yes, sir. Why, even though we were late in the church last Sunday, she had to have a little Dickens side or, huh? She says there ain't nothing like it. Even my ministry says his wife and Joe is a little Dickens side or now a man. Hey, why don't you bring some home and our protective plastic rib bottom? That way it'll stay fresh. Or, you can let it sit while and have some hard Dickens side or. Huh, huh. It's good, it's good, it's good, it's dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens side or Dickens Fruit Stain. Just to a fruit 9W and cut your road 69. Open 24 hours because, say, if there are chillies summer nights, I like to snuggle up and bed with a thick inside. Um, I'm 15 to 5. 60 WQM, thank God for that small dish. By the way, God Almighty was at a great game between Nashville of all teams, the predators, and the Maple Leafs last night. Oh, God, a two-two-type of what a great game back in fourth and up and down and nonstop, action and great goal-tending it was tremendous. And then I watched, you know, in between parts of that New England jet's game. I mean, poorly played, poorly officiated the first jet's touch down if they still had to replay. Clearly, not a touch down a fumble before it reached the goal line, but, you know, just a really mediocre effort and the NFL's in big trouble. The numbers of the ratings are way down Monday night. They're way down on a weekend and for good reason, because they're putting a crappy product out there. But don't confuse some of these people like the guy who called yesterday. Oh, we had a great time and give credit where credit is due. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day, 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a pay phone in, uh, Propano. Hello. Yeah, good morning Neil. Good day, sir. Okay. I might have unusual sunlight in start yet. And I don't know if you get the USA today. No, I don't. Okay, I'll pay you. A new book out. Pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL. Yeah. A new book charge that more than 20% of the pro football players or criminals whose path deeds are often ignored or rationalized by their teams in the NFL. And this guy called through some statistics or whatever and just real quickly, their sample group had been arrested a combined 264 times. So, 22 times, rape seven times, domestic violence, 45 times. So much, excuse me? Yeah, I'm listening. Yeah, and it just goes to show, you know, it's just like what they're saying. Get the kids to root for, watch out who they're rooting for. Well, the netters. We have a see, the adults though, they don't care about that stuff. As long as the player, it's like when they brought Lawrence Phillips in here was nothing about a piece of walking turd and, uh, people were saying, oh, Jimmy knows what he's doing on blind. If he could run, if he can help us with that running game. And then, of course, Lawrence Phillips couldn't even make it to the start of the season before he got cut with another raccoon to Tom Silveraire in plantation. But the most of the fans don't care if they can help us win and then we feel better about ourselves. We're part of a winner. They don't care about that stuff. He didn't do whatever it had you want. That's so true. And you got another person for your DNH deal. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks for the good news. Okay, we're off to a sizzling start here. Maybe we have two open lines in date, two unbrow and any in first out there today. No. Today that they're going to wake up and get off their day-to-day. No. They have a Lawrence Taylor about the vigtation, about anything, about the small day. No. About the least game last night. About the people that are working this joint. No. About anything. About our center one campaign. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless time. This is scary these last three weeks. I mean, it's because it's the law of diminishing return each day instead of getting better. Friday, you know, I'm a schmuck. It never dawned on me because once the weekend is, you know, comes rules about. I forget everything that happened before. Thank God. The only reason we hit this spot is Friday. We gave a lot of crap away. Remember that? We gave a whole bunch of crap. We had those MTS Florida cards and we had Dolphin tickets and we had Matador tickets. Which one guy did thank me. The guy who went to the Dolphin game called and thanked us and then the guy thanked us for not giving them that off in tickets, which was very appropriate. And now one of the people that got the Matador tickets other than that, even those people got nothing to say. So that's the only reason we had a response here on Friday. Scary. Open line and date and two and a row. 5, 6, 7. I'm going to keep giving the numbers up to get every line lit up to we get motivate somebody's assholes to get off their ass and go to the phone. Because I'm not going to sit here and talk to myself every day for four hours. Life is too short. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. You got that music in there? Oh, wait. I can be doing a show in Forest Long Cemetery. The last three weeks and have a greater response that I'm getting out of this. Okay, kill that music. I can't stand it. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning. I just wanted to do another still people alive in Dave County. I'm listening to you now. I listened to you every day in the car. I'm watching at night on TV. Yeah. I'll thank God for you. We love you. Yeah. I can see that these last three weeks. Thank you, sweetheart. Have a great life. I can see that. We love you. We just don't have anything to say. I can't say about anything. Open line in Dave 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. This is the part of the take generation. If you got something for us, if not, we don't have time for you. We'll set this back in listen. We're listening every day. But we're not going to talk to you. Unless you have something to give us. Like those guys yesterday. Can I suck around for no? Go suck somebody else, okay? Send a picture first. Then I'll let you know if you didn't suck. But no way. Can I suck around for this? No. Say something. Talk. Have an opinion. Say something. Say something outrageous. Be a jackass. But say something. You go any time. I go away for the weekend. I go away on these trips. I've told you this a million times before. You're getting the elevator. There are people on there. People who have never seen before. You'll never see them again. Good morning. How you doing? Here you have the big and police and blackmailed people. Hey, I got naked pictures of you. Will you call now? No. I still won't talk to you. How about 50 dollars? Is that enough? It's like when we had this stuff yesterday. The Gary Sarner pond out. And you know, beverages and more everybody drinks soda. A lot of people drink beer. 25 bucks is this lap and a post. That's not good enough. Seriously. That's what you saw the response to that. It's like, oh, we don't care about that. That's not enough to make us call. How about 100? It's like the people that talked to you after I put them on hold. I give them something. Don't you have something better than that? These people are on no wonder this town is what it is. It's a software perpetuating thing. As they get older, they become the early bird crowd. They're the ones that are stealing the sweet and low and the pickles online. Waiting now on the rascal house on the day, they're opening for the free food. And then come back at dinner time for more free food. Yeah, they go home. Take a good. Thanks several hours in there. Case, that's right. Oh, yeah. They're sitting in the squeeze and then they come back at its dinner time before we know it. They're back online again. Still a more crap. Here's a mobile in the gable. Hello. I'm talking to morning to the end. Yes, sir. I say I'm from one of you from the water company that you have. I used to have or you still have it down there. But I went down there about two weeks ago in Spongebot to. And I didn't know that you would call the water not to the time. And I can understand why. And what I wanted to do was get a filtration system put in there with a nice cooler that everybody can have as much water as they want. They pay one more monthly price. Yeah. Okay. You're dreaming. Yeah. And on my father up car for the water not to do why I just find out that she has been caught. That dubious title. She gave me this. Where it's currently satisfied. Last night, my God. Wait, I don't need you. Just talk to him. I can't spend any more money. So these bags are okay. I think we would have heard. You would have made her a hero because I was actually saving the company money. Right. I was going to save the station money. I put in a few corners. Hope that's a one-central filtration system. It would have been the same thing as bottled water. You would have been making it there. The exact same damn way that we made bottled water at our company. Except with God. You know, without the bottle. Yeah. You would have had no delivery. No anything else. Just like a reverse osmises. Right. Except with sailors. You're disposed. Uh-huh. And the thing is bottled water coolers. But with no bottle. Right. I understand. And now I'm so, you know, because we're happy with what we're spending here. You got it. Yeah. You're mother sucks. Well, it's right. Right. And so, you know, your mother is locked in the military. I don't have to be a seal. For your station. I think I could probably bring in more than what you guys are doing. We're in a paid. You're hired, Bell. Collaps Quran. She'll over in your life. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Good luck. See ya. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the 18th to World of Slime. By the way, I want to go on record as saying, even though it's not my immediate concern. I have other concerns with these people. But if George doesn't have his bonus in his hand. By next Monday, I'm going to take several days off sick. That's right. It's the 20th of October. Coming to the end of October. Let's see. March to April. To May. Friday. August September. Seven. effing months. Okay. And these people. Think it's a joke. That will give you money that we owe you that we promised you that you've earned. Whatever. When ever to help we get around it. See yesterday, i beat up on myself. And I went home, and I started thinking, What am I making myself sick for? I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm doing a hell of a show here. I talked to people They said, yes, you're kicking ass. You're not getting any response there. But you're kicking ass. You sound great. here. It's not like they're doing me some kind of a favor here like I'm leasing this joint like those brokerage stations like I'm coming on hands and he's begging to buy some airtime to get on a year. I'm making these people a goddamn fortune and do they have any understanding or respect for what we're doing in here? None. None. That I got the general manager who comes down this morning a second time that we're now having another meeting Friday with my lawyer who announced to me after Bluff Lindsey calls up Georgia we got two two affirmations on this now that they're gonna back off the last break on a morning show so I don't have to follow eight nine and ten minutes of commercials like like one of the just put an announcement on their saying turn it off now because we got nine minutes of spots coming on. Who would have ever heard a such a thing? And what kind of bump forks have we got there working on that morning show? I mean I guess it's fine if you're lazy you got to get up early in the morning so maybe that maybe that compensates for it. You know fine I wouldn't mind getting up out of here every day a ten minutes to two that would give me home ten minutes earlier. What I do it? No. No of course not. What I do that to Hank. No. Not a chance in a million that I'd back up all the spots against the Elbaca the hour. So now because I threatened to walk out in the screen to see you shouldn't have to scream and yell on the holler to get people to cooperate when you're doing a good job for them. You should work with people who want to get things done. Who want to help you to do your job? Which you're making a guarantee I make it more money than they're ever going to pay me. One hell of a lot more. Here's Kendall. What's up, man? Are you doing? I'm only found you. Who told me by that? I lost you to you. I moved away. I'm going to come back. You're looking at it. I could have find you. You finally found me. Well I haven't seen all of our billboards and all our promotions. I told you I just moved over your house. Yeah. Well we haven't seen him because we don't have any. I gotta believe what I learned here. Where? Oh God. That's the landlord for. I'm lost. I'm lost. Yeah. Yeah. What's the show you have at night? I'm trying to find that. I can do what I want to see that. Forget about that thing. That's going off anyway. What? What do you want by that? I don't get you not there. You're too done here. It's on Channel 69. I have no idea what it's on your cable that's on Channel 69 and welcome back. Maybe once you go back to Orlando. Two open lines in date. 567560 and 556 the on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What's going on over here? You're killing us. Meaning what? Oh man you're getting a terrible off there. Just complaining complaining complaining. So what are you listening for? I like you. Okay thank you. Well at least these honest. What's wrong with that? I'm not complaining. I'm telling like it is. This isn't complete. This is real life in Miami. Maybe this is the bushes. This is the bush lake place. And this is the epitome of it. This is the ultimate right here. A bunch of pretenders. Two open lines in date. Let's get those date lines. This is like let's get some people in date counting the who are behind us. Who have something to say. Who are to a bunch of dictatorial assholes that want to get everybody off the year because they don't like what they're saying. I'm not complaining. I'm trying to motivate these guy damn bastards and bring the guy damn audience back on his guy damn phone here for once in their lives. It's Tuesday in a city that says boring is 400 pounds of cow. Okay. Tuesday don't give me a song in advance. You got a full-rich life at a busy agenda right now. Okay. And look at that as I'm talking we had nothing. Nothing. In date counting. That is a goddamn door now. Nothing but a bunch of banana boat people. Right in the Ronan cars with bald tires and no breaks and no headlights. That's what we got. And for some reason down in Kendall that's what we're sell our CDs at the Kendall border store. I don't understand that. I mean to one guy we had from Kendall a minute ago he just came back from Orlando. He can't find his uh... Back comes. 10670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. There you go those two lines in date counting. I'm not doing a break. I'm not moving until every goddamn one of them has got some living and breathing person on them. That's how pissed off and fired up I in this morning. And disgusted that after almost 23 years of busted my balls in his town to entertain people to get people pissed off to get them worked up to a frenzy to amuse them. Whatever hell it is we do. But not only do I have to fight the people internally here but I got to work for a hundred times as hard to see anybody to say crap. That's right. Even to take a that's you got it. 28 after all I think Castro's got that damn woodpecker going you know he has a woodpecker. 20 it. When you guys are talking about sports. Meaning what? Meaning that I know you guys have to do what you got to do. You're complaining about that. What do you mean you guys? What does that mean? What guys? Me and my perky. You and whatever. I was one talking about is trying to just listen to sports in the day and study here complaining what do you want to listen to? I'm on here every day between 10 and 2 and I have discussed very little sports. So what do you get? How long you've been listening? I'm about she's since 81 since 81 since 81. A 17 years you've been listening and what am I going to start talking about sports? Did I talk about sports in 81? Well you know I don't remember. Let me ask you that talk about sports in 91. You remember that far back? How about 95? You want to argue you want to talk? No, I'm asking you. You know I don't do a sports show. So what does that mean? It's on saying is I've got to listen to some you know what's going on you know it's Larda State what's going on. I don't care about Florida State. I don't care about college sports grow up pal. Okay get a goddamn life. He's been listening to the show since 1991. There's our audience out there. There's what we got on this radio station. What's there about college sports? I couldn't give a flying cramp less about college sports. Okay sir. And I'm not going to be talking about you know if you want to hear about how the Gator suck all day long. Turn on the morning show. They'll talk about that and play that silly song. And talk about the Gator's all that you got to grow up sometime in your life pal. You got to grow up. Open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pump 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Like this guy's going to turn the show off. He can quote your chapter in verse everything I've said those 17 years. He's being real provocative there. When you're going to talk about college sports. Talk about their hurricanes. Okay whatever you say pal. Okay. Let's talk about the goddamn hurricane. In bow. Okay. What's the next subject? Open line in date county 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pump 5 60 on the 18. See this is an excuse for material. That's an excuse for the fact that you got nothing to talk about about anything sir. Isn't it the excuse? When you go to your boring your revision too much. Okay fine. Go listen to Lard asks. Go listen to Dr. Laura. She'll give you some therapy for your limp penis. Okay. Which obviously you desperately need if you have to get turned on by a bunch of collegiate to athletes. He probably wants to shower with those guys from FSU. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Me, you. What do they look like? Yes sir. You sound like a gay guy who hasn't heard of you. Okay great. Open line in Broward 5 6 70 5 60 pump 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile and peppered pine. Hello. Yes sir. Hey man. How you doing? Okay. Hey man. I was watching you show last night. I do watch you show. Okay. Well watch fast because it won't be there long. Oh man. I'd miss it. I'd miss it. I'm easily sleep at this time. But hey. I want to talk to you about the potting man. I'm pissed off about this whole potting man. I'm dying for it to be legal. I don't think it's ever going to happen. I'm going to sell my awesome moving hamster damn. Uh-huh. School America. Okay. I'll see there. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 5 6 70 5 60 pump 5. I mean there's not a Chinaman chance in hell. They're going to ever legalize marijuana. In fact, they're even now they're changing the laws. You know California. Some of those joints that they had uh where they could the people who needed medical marijuana. Now they're starting to the law. There was a court rolling yesterday that came down. Same that they can close them down. People who are like in tremendous pain, people who have cancer horrible diseases who are in horrendous pain have finally found therapy that relieves them of their pain. And does the government allow them to have their therapy? No. Because the government is playing goody two shows. But in the meantime, the overwhelming majority like the peace and NBC news said last night of deaths on college campuses are not from drugs of any kind but they're from booze. But I guarantee like I said before we don't want to mess with the booze people because God forbid then all your sporting events would be off. Then how the hell would this station make it? How could we possibly stay on here with it if we had nobody, if we had no sponsors. We have an open line in Broward 5 6 70 5 60 on the AT&T Wireless line 22 till noon at QAM. If you're interested I'm going to tell you to be. Good night sleep is what it's all about. Take a look at me. I left you. I left you. I left here yesterday wanted to blow somebody's brains out. Not mine. I'm not that desperate yet. Had a great night sleep on a great mattress which I bought from dialometres two years ago. And today man I'm full of vinegar and whatever goes with it. That's right. So if you want to get a great night sleep every night get you a new mattress from dialometres it's the smart easy inexpensive way to get a great mattress just pick up the phone one easy call 1 800 mA TTRES you'll be sleeping in comfort tonight. That's right tonight because they deliver within a couple hours after you make the call and they deliver all the way from QS to Orlando everywhere in between. They got silly posture pittic Simmons beauty research. They're perfect sleep for all the top brands and whatever kind of mattress you like a real firm on a soft one in between one they got it for you. And all deliveries on approval by the way if you're not 100% satisfied with the new mattress the driver takes it back with no questions asked. So save up to 60% off which would pay for the same goods in your department or bedding store by making one easy simple phone call and if you're mentioned the new Roger show by the way get 50 bucks off on a cost of that new mattress. Call him today. He'll be sleeping on serious comfort tonight and for years to come call 1 800 mA TTRES. This is 560 2 2 3 2 3 2 3 2 1 2 3 4 3 2 3 4 3 4 5 5 5 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 7 B chillo. Hey, New York. How are you doing today? Okay, sir. First of all, I can't throw on the ball. I just George was I had a mouth full of sandwich when you pick up the phone for giving me to me in a natural. That's a job. New York just called tell you man, I love you man. Bring laughter and joy to my day. Yes, thank you sir. And God bless you and enjoy your sandwich. And don't Okay, we have an open line in day one and Broward 5 6 70 5 60 pump 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Booz on campus baby and that's the American F and way all right. And I you know, I've always said it's one of the reasons I don't go to football games. Probably the main reason I don't go beside the fact that it's a hassle to get out of that joint. Is who the hell wants to be at a sporting event where you pay through the nose or even if you got free tickets like I get here and sitting in the middle of a bunch of rowdy drunks. Oh, you knocked over my beer man. Yeah, right. I'll never forget that one as long as I live. Fat rich knocked over this guy's beer and he was ready. This gun, this punk is ready for a brawl with poor old fat rich. That that's like roll martin is good. Ready to punch out hanks lights over there at highly racetrack. That's the kind of macho guys we got in this time. But, uh, pathetic. And then of course they get all better to shape when they cut off the beer sales. You know, before the fourth quarter or whatever they cut it off at any sporting event. Oh, how come they're doing that, guys? Maybe because you're supposed to drive home asshole and we don't want you to kill him too many people on a way back wherever you're going to go. Maybe two or three might not be too bad. We don't want you to kill him like a whole bunch of people. Like the guy that I'm leaving to Miami Arena from a hockey game who almost cut me. Who didn't cut me off nearly killed me in advance. Calls in on the show the next day and apologizes to me. So, well, I was feeling open. Yeah, right. You know, there's nothing right in the scene. This is another thing. If you go to Germany, you go to Amsterdam, you go all over Europe. And you see people sitting outside of the cafe and the pubs and they're drinking their beer starting like 10 o'clock in the morning. You see any drunks? No, never. Never. Maybe once in a blue moon. You see some old, uh, you know, deadbeat, uh, poor support soul. But other than that, you don't see people stay. It even with the drugs that they do, the girl that mirror one and a hash that they do over there. That they don't enforce the laws. You never see it. Never. See people walking around, still out of their mind, stagger. You don't see it. Certainly wouldn't see it here, would you? In fact, if you're out there in a road right now, look to your left, look to your right. You probably just saw it. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Not even noon yet, and you saw the s. Sir. First of all, I sent you greatest thanks. You didn't even read it yet. On the geracles, you got it. Okay, great. Stick it up your rectum. We have an open line at Broward 567. Oh, I put it in a wind right there. That was quick service. Totally into her. 10 minutes to noon. This guy's already in the bag. Here's a pay phone in Miami, hello. Yes, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've been with the amount of pay phone. Oh, I've been trying to get in touch with you for a while. I want to give it to you. There's an atmosphere on the parking at the arena. Yeah, give it a jump on 30. The more people we park in the cross history once we find out how they get caught, you know, they caught that traffic just to go in the and possibly play the 10 dollars. Yeah. I mean, that's that's the real ticket. I mean, the choice 10 dollars. And eight dollars for season ticket holders, I think is a major report. Okay, I'll see you there tomorrow. Okay. All right. Thanks. I like to ask. By the way, might be a lot because both of the starting goalies for the LA Kings are injured. Jamie store and the staff on his set to say for all you frogs. And so they got to start some rookie kid goalie and golden arnite and the Kings have been playing pretty damn good last year and then again so far this season. But they got no real goalie for it. I'm on it. So we might just do it. I'm bringing my measurement tape there to martyr measure the seats and re-witting better look out to by the way. We have an open line in date five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. We want to see if he measures up. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Listen, if I disagree with you now, I can't hear it. If I disagree with you, you're going to hang up on me. It all depends and if you want to be obnoxious and abusive. There you go. You don't give anybody a chance. Well, let me say again. What do you want to say? Well, you know, let me first say when people call their little bit, you know, they're not used to being on the radio. Like yourself. You're professional. You're on every day. Yeah. You take a guy gets on the phone from a bunch of people. Well, what do you want to say? I'm out of my mind. I got a lot of stuff. I disagree with you. Why? I love you because you're a good thing. What's here? All right. Listen, do you, do you have children? And of course not. You mean you listen a lot to this show and you're asking me a faith a fact like me as children of course not. Well, you know, you're you're you're you're not relating, man. You're you're a great speaker. I'm not relating to what to the real people. You got people call you up and tell you how great you are and in your face. Isn't that what you just said? You just got through saying that 30 seconds. I said, I'd love you could your fellow human and that's it. I don't like you. I mean, you don't like me. You love me, but you don't like me. Right. Uh-huh. You know, whatever that means. Okay. You don't know what that means? No. You know, you don't have any family members. Yeah. You love them. So, but you might not, but I don't like them or I come on every time. No, not a green doesn't mean you don't like them. Well, it can mean it. They can not make it. So, what is Danny? What? How? What's all that? Yeah. That's how it was. What about solutions? You know, you know, solutions to what? Truthfully, anytime I've ever heard your show, all you're doing is complain in my cow. I mean, you know, cutting everybody. You never say anything nice of anybody. I don't. No. Did I go over to the Miami with the Mac Arena when I showed it to me until everybody how beautiful it was? And then after the first game played out the next day, I came in on Monday and it wasn't me with the audience. Did every single one of the people were belly can had complaints. I think you might have it back with you. I tell it exactly the way I see it. I call them as I see him. If somebody does a great job, I'll be the first one to tell you. I think they're great. If somebody thinks to join out, I'll tell you they stink. If whatever. I don't know enough. I live in the real world. I don't live in La La Land. Maybe you live in the right. And what does any of this have to do with whether I have children or not? Because the way you talk, it's like, you know, disregard any drugs or anything or related to it. Well, what did I say that? When did I say that? We got any drugs. Because you said that people should be able to do it. Everyone that they want to do. I never have. I said as long as they don't harm anybody else. And I know as well as you do. And here as well as we don't have people living off convenience stores and doing our robberies to buy them. I'm responding to you. Do you want to have a conversation about them? Make a speech. No, but Neil, we listen to you all the time. Do you want to make a speech? Do you want to have a conversation? I want to move on to the next step. No, why don't you let me respond because you accused me of saying something that I never said? You didn't let me finish it. And I won't. What an asshole. I'd like to respect you, but I don't like you, but get out and hear blood out your ass. Let me say that in a new run at least two minutes too long. I'll listen to what anybody has to say as long as they number one don't want to abuse me because I'm not taking any crap from anybody. And this guy, I want, oh, you don't relate to the people. You don't have any children. What does that got to do with anything? There are plenty of people out there that don't have children. There are plenty of people like I got children there long since adults and grown up and whatever else. But I don't relate to the real world because this guy's been around. I haven't been anywhere. I don't understand the real world. This guy's the expert. And as far as solutions are, this is a radio show. I don't have any solutions for anything. I can only try to make solutions for the immediate world around me here. And this morning by blown off steam, I made a solution to at least one problem that we had here. And I'm going to make solutions to some of the other problems we got. And if that's what I have to do, if I can't get response out of the people that I work for and work with. And the other way, then that's what I do because I've done it for years and that's the only thing that will get them off the race. So I can make solutions in my own little world. But I don't, this is a radio show. I'm not going to come on here like Mike Segel used to do in his town and up there in Seattle. I'm K.I. N.G. Radio. Oh, we're going to solve the problems of the medical performance. Where are its bulk crap? Nobody on a radio has ever come up with a solution for anything. Okay, sir. It's a radio show. Read my freaking lips. And I hope your children have a great life. Believe me, they'll need help. It's 1157 at 560 WQI. You A M. The Neil Roger Showed her Dale. Oh, God, Neil. I was a little creamy. It's not a meaty office, it's a meaty time of someone who knows. Maybe the end, see, see, see the map there, house. And that's my hand as you know. He's roughly an old show's to come around. So they're gonna let him go. My dad knocked me off. He needed me to get it up. So he's the one who did it. You'll never hear him out there. Oh, my dad knocked me off. Follow three of five to six. You're two on fame. But it's he Larry King last night, see the old chimistic. Didn't hear about until after the fact that he had evidently either John Ramsey himself was on there or represented for the family with this cock-eyed new theory that a photographer, a friend of the family, sneak into the house while they were out of the Christmas party that night, and was hiding in the basement waiting for them to come home. Now let me ask you this. Do you think Job and A like ran down to the basement with a role I'm asking? Oh, I'm saying to that all the time. Oh, yeah, that's true. But anyway, if anybody saw it in querying lines, we'd like to hear about it. And that, of course, just recently all the tabloids, they're showing that the handwriting experts are saying that the mother, you mama, she was the one that definitely wrote the Iranians of note. And in addition to which if the photographer who was a friend of the family wanted to kidnap her, how come we left the ransom note and then murdered her and sneak out of the house? Huh, here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Yes, sir. I knew a long-time listener in the first time call or I'm not nervous to. But I love you, man. And one of the highlights of my stay here in South Florida was meeting you at one of the Panther's games in the inaugural season. Right. It was great. You're a great guy. I want to respond to the last caller. I think that's you know, a prime example of one of the main problems that we have here in the states with people that think like that. And especially when it comes to marijuana, a number of issues, really. Pins of my mouth, which I never said that. And then when I when I start explaining what I really am, say, oh, I don't want to talk about those move on to something else. Yeah, and also as far as you provide solutions for society, I think that's not really the purpose of shows like here's when here's one of the few shows that I think stimulate fire. I mean, our politicians, that's who we elect to do that. And you should stimulate thought for us to think, you know, carefully about who we elect to. I'm stimulating it right now. Yeah. Well, also, when it's the original reason for calling was to, I'm a big lover than other ones in the Dutch people. I think they're wonderful people. It's a wonderful culture. I've been the last two or three years I've spent every vacation I have in Amsterdam. And I just want to tell a couple of things to do. I'm on the park as great. I don't know what the weather's going to be like when he's there. But to sit there and just have a beer and they're going to definitely be a couple of groups that come by the cafe. It's an excellent thing to do in between whatever you're going to do. And the Van Gogh Museum is great and get definitely get the cassette thing that tells you about all the paintings. It's great thing to do definitely. And if you're looking for the other stuff, there's a place called City Hall. It's great. It's perfect. And there's actually the guys from Florida. There's a Florida license place in there that owns this coffee shop. And it's one of the more less steep, or keep listening. I'm in an out of 10, a lot of people have never had a chance to call and I really wanted to. And today I've got a year here forever. I know. Okay. Thanks. Okay. See you. We have an open line today. Yeah, you're seeing that all those kids out there should be doing any and all drugs. People can do whatever they want to do is that what I said. No. But here's a guy that wants to make a speech. That other guy before the news. He went before the news. Did I say news? Before the top of the air before the commercials. I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, also that I'm definitely low there. See evidence right there before the news on this radio station. Poor George. His luck. I go on vacation. He feels in for one week and come Thursday. We have the hurricane here. And everybody's gone because nobody in the right mind would be tuned into a sports station that has no news department that wouldn't know if a hurricane was going to blow the building down 30 seconds from now. That had punished people from Channel 10 that were supposed to be calling in that well. Maybe we'll get around to it. Maybe we won't. Nice going, Duff. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Going once. Going twice. Open line and Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Any on the way? Okay, sir. I get sick more and more sick of this time every day. Yeah. I got some constructor. I got two things. Some constructor of criticism for George. His show was good, but his voice is a little too messy. Bastion. But turn the nasty. You know, it's a little too messy. Well, it was a little too messy. You can hear this morning. Maybe there's a connection. Yeah. Okay. So turn the turn the double on the bottom. It's not, it's not, it's just a monoton. He's got a way in play. Yeah, it's not. He would sit on the same pin cushion that guilty sits on. Maybe he could get his voice up a little bit. You got to understand him better. Ignial. Yes. I got a way for you to go to the doff game. You always see him. No, there's no chance. Don't take me to the game. Why? Well, what are you saying, sir? I can't hear you. What? Yeah. Uh-huh. Open line and date. Five steps. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pump. Five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. You a chicken down hung up on me there. Yeah, right. I chickened out. Sir, I gave you about three minutes, which was two minutes and 59 seconds too long. Have a great life. Okay. If that's possible. I chickened out. You had nothing to say. You had absolutely positively nothing to say. You didn't want to have a conversation. You wanted to make a speech. You don't want to your ass from your elbow and go find a life. Okay. Go get a search party. Go find a life. And maybe a penis and the have a good time with it. Open line and date. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. How do you like that, huh? Guy who had nothing to say and I gave him an eternity there. Wait, did he have a lot of hoods? No material, but a lot of hoods. But like that. How about if we just give the rest of the show how would that be to ramble on and mumble and say absolutely nothing about anything? Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. What time is your show on, sir? I'll be sure to check that out. Not minutes after noon at five, 60, WQM. Where do you find Joe Rose? Just a forest. And so even we're starting on the first team. Right where you got it. For 3-0, 5-60 QA count. That's me, Cox Norea, your labit. Cox Norea, your labit. Cud Saint Croy, ladies, come on down. Let me bet 21, you're got a party. Yeah. We're doing the Renaissance of Sukey's Sukey's Move, the Lake Competition. But, for girls, you get to shave your old man's leg off his hair for $6,000. The laser hair treatment. It's Friday night. The places packed. Come on down. The club's Saint Croy. I promise you this may be the party of your life. Ladies and gentlemen, get drunk. All right. So that was for real. I thought that was a put on. I thought that was a wow. Thank God that he's not on a bottle anymore. We have an open line in date 5-6-705-60. Well, even little kids have to be weed off the bottle sooner or later. Five? When you give say it, it takes away from the show. Well, I wish I could buy that as an excuse for the audience. I got news for it. Last three weeks, most of the days I haven't given anything away. No, no, no. I give it the way of almost every day this was for the past three weeks. No wrong. Wrong Friday. We give a bunch of stuff away. Friday. Okay. Well, the phones were smoking on Friday and we had some good calls on Friday. But I'd listen, if I never... Sometimes I really wish you wouldn't. I mean, when you get smoke and like, you know, like, like, like today. I'm smoking right now. I per domeau. With the radio, uh, crap is going on and, you know, in your own place, you have to hear that. To me, that's, that's a great radio. But when people are calling, just, you know, they get... I agree with it. There's nothing more boring in the world. It's just trying to suck around. And of course, 99% of those people have got nothing to say. And as those shows were on, they have less and less. They didn't even make an attempt to try to say anything. They say, like, about four words, which I think is very cute. And oh, by the way, can I suck around four fill in the blank? Whatever we got, you're right. I agree with that. Okay. Well, you know, the only other thing I have to say is that, all right, let's make the rule as of now. We're not giving anything away for the rest of the year. Okay. Oh, great. Listen, and family, the Florida family, uh, fist, being a sociator, exactly. I think they had a wrong this, that you're not going to last a year. They probably left out the word, Wanymy. Oh, yeah. I think they might have been the TV show. They were talking about my show. They were talking about the station. Exactly. But trying to get you up. I'm a you, which I don't think they have to try. Okay. Bye. Have a great life. Okay. No more giveaways. That guy's absolutely correct. You're right. I am so tired of these, uh, these underlings that call and suck. Could I suck, Karah? Go suck some place else. Okay. I got nothing for you other than an opportunity to call on here. This is the American F and Wade baby. The first amendment. Say whatever you want. Oh, you know, say whatever you like and if I don't like it, I'll hang up on you. But never let's give it a shot. That guy calling back a second time that bosom that I gave all of that time that had nothing to say whatsoever, droning. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, you, you have your family and you love your family, but you don't necessarily like them. Huh? Well, hey. Well, sometimes you disagree. Okay. I disagree with you. Therefore I don't like you. Does that make sense to you? Oh, here you go. I get it. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. It's first time caller. I listen to you over the internet. Right. The question is, oh wait a minute. Why do you listen over the internet if you're in sunrise? Because in my office, I'm in. I can't pick up a page. Oh, exactly. You can't even pick up the station outside. Right. So, but I'll see you over the internet. So, it's interesting. A question was, the front I, we're having a discussion. He was telling me that the mayor of Miami is a brother. He's been in diet or being indicted for bank fraud or something, the investment for like $3 million. And that the mayor. His brother? Yeah, the mayor's brother. Joe Carroyo's brother? Yes. And that the mayor is now having death threats against his life and he has to have around the clock protection. You know, for the death. You're reading anything about this? I'm reading anything about that. You haven't heard anything at all? No. Because, uh, and even George, who of course is a gut, his pulse on the finger of the Hispanic community in Miami. He even George is taking me. So, they have these kind of problems. Yeah. Only in Miami. How about that thing with the, how about the threats against Channel 10? Because they didn't renew the contract of some Hispanic news anchors. And on our squeak, it's on earth. How can they, with a good conscience, not have a Hispanic news anchor? On, uh, as if it makes a difference where they come from. Right. I mean, if they're not that mentality and date County, sir, where do you live? I'm sorry. You live in sunrise, right? Yeah, they've been sunrise. Well, congratulations. Right. Thanks, Neon, okay. Show and I can say I'm a first new, new listener to the show and I love it. God bless you, say it. Have a great day. Yeah, thank God. And like I said, Dave County, I feel sorry for the good people in day. There's a lot of good people in Dave County, especially the ones in Canola that are helping us out with our center one CDs. No, seriously, there's a lot of good people in Dave, but a lot of them are like lost. It's like being surrounded by a banana boat mentality. We just got to report that it was the miracle. Well, the miracle of Crocodile. Oh, my God, Crocodile, moral gables. That's even worse. Moral gables. Where, of course, you can't have too many. You can't have any chickens on your lawn or any ducks and you can't do this and you can't do that. It's the no can do city, coral, you moral gables. Where everybody's sticking their nose into your business. Can't have a pickup truck sitting in your driveway. Can't have a boat sitting in there. If one of those ducks, one of those pennies, ugly ducks comes walking through your yard. They're probably going to give you five years in jail, even if you got nothing to do with it. I say, the duck. Here's a hell and they'll, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yeah, okay, sir. Neil, I'm calling for those. Listen to you a few minutes ago about the gentleman who's going to Amsterdam to a talking about city bird. I've flown city bird this past summer. Yeah, I'll tell me all about it. Okay, well, going, I go to Copenhagen every year, actually into Sweden. I play music over every July. What a great place, Scandinavia, man. It's another road people are. You got it. I love it. So, we flew from Miami to Brussels and it was just actually fantastic going over. It was a brand new airplane and the service was great and I really had a great time. But coming back, it was a little bit different. Maybe because the plane was crowded or something, but the staff on their stewards and the stewardesses were, we're not very, I should say, not very polite and definitely very lazy. One incident that happened was these two little kids were playing soccer, up and down the aisle. Well, that's right. With a little ball and I was trying to be playing in the air. In the air, playing in the air, right. And as you know, it's a long flight and I was trying to sleep. And what happened was I, I asked the steward to have him sit with their mother and he says, well, I'm not their father. I'm not going to do anything about it. So, I got it. I'm not going to have a little kid finally got it through the head. I said, you see the curtain up front there. I says, go up and play up the ball. There's a lot more room. So I sent him up the first class. Yeah. And need us to say they were back with their mother in about five minutes. A hundred. Yeah. The steward didn't say anything more to me to hold trip. But other than that, I was really happy with it. It's a good way. How was the food on a plane? The food was okay. I always thought I can't hear their lectures about it. It wasn't anything fantastic. But it was great. But anyway, the gentleman is going to transfer over to Sabina to go to Sabina has a working agreement with city bird. This is only problem. City bird doesn't have working agreements with very many airlines. I had to transfer to SAS. So I had to claim my luggage in a both ways. Oh, Pedro, you can't go through customs a couple of times, you know, with that. Because you had to go out of the airport and then back upstairs into the airport again. Yeah. And Russell would have flies Sabina from Brussels to Amsterdam? Yeah. I know that. If he goes to Bina, he has the working agreement. He won't have to claim his luggage, you know. And how long has it been? If he goes to KL, I'm or something like that. And he'll have to. How long is the flight from Brad? It's very quick now. It's probably less than an hour. Amsterdam is not that far from from from Russell. And actually I was sitting with a guy that was driving into Holland. I don't know if he was going Amsterdam or not, but it's not very far at all. It's a very short flight. So would you do it again? Because there were fairs that are very cheap. They are right. And that's the good thing about it. But the only hassle is though that they do not fly direct. They fly the Brussels. And no matter where you're going in Europe, you have to get a connection out of Brussels to wherever. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. The exact way it was in August and July, I'm sorry. But I wasn't bad. If you put fragile enough stuff on your baggage, they get it to your right away. Right. I have to wait for it. So I was over on very happy, acceptable little incident with the kids. And going over like I say with fantastic. So the reason is just you should get kids in the have a great time. I say thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. Okay. We got to look at this. Open line and Broward all three in date again. I mean, you know, two hours in there. And that's right. We didn't start this to love it a clock because I was riding and raving the first hour which by the way, I make the apologies for because everything needed to be said. And I stand exactly but why, what I say, this is the day. I said this before. But again, you know, you're where yourself out. But today I've got for some reason enough energy to really mean it. This is the day I brought a line in the sand. Either they get their craft straightened out here. We're just going on strike for a couple of weeks. Well, both call and sick for a couple of weeks. Now that's right. And they could let's say I'm in the crisp that if you do the show here at midday. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Let me say again, it's for us food on the airline. Allotania of course is great. They have excellent food. Now what do you used to be? But still very, very good. The best that I've ever had. And as far as the domestic airline, I want to say one more time American Airlines. Great. Who says I never say anything good? If you do something good by me, I'll come on here and rant and rave about how great you are for hours. Even in coach American Airlines, the food is pretty damn good. And in first class, it is out of this fricken world. Excellent. So I can only imagine what it would be like flying American trends are oceanic. That would be probably pretty damn good. Two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. There's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. I like you down the list for tickets with. Yeah. I have a sort of update and sighting. I have a rim job sighting with two of the panther players. Yeah. That's nighting coral springs watching the whistle punk game. And remember the married wonderful guy that he is. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Great. We have an open line in Broward and two of day. Hit to break the news to Pal. But remember called me while a game was on. He wasn't at any bar with panther players. And he wasn't screwing around. Hit to break the bad news to Pal. I talked to him twice during the winter ball game was on. So sorry. You lose. Two open lines in date County 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Another ocean provocateur. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Hey. Hey. Do you know. Okay. Sir. Hey. Listen. I wanted to find a job. What is it? You sound wrong. Happy. That work. Meaning what? Meaning why don't you quit? Why don't I quit? No. Why why would I quit? Why would I walk away from a job? What I'm doing my job? Does that make sense? Do you sir? You're complaining about it. So I figured maybe you might want to quit. No. I'm not going to quit. Do you think I ought to quit? Well, only a full blown retar with state there. Yeah. And then why you listen? Would a full only a full blown retar would call and the lead listening to the show. Only a full blown retar would stay there and take those 7 figures a year that you're supposed to be making there. Right. That's right. How much you make in pal? Why don't you quit your job? I'm sure you're making a big bucks. How about? Tell me first. Yeah. How about write me a check for about two, three minute. Okay. Then I'll quit. You'll ever have to be bothered with me again. Only a retar would stay there. No. Only somebody with the tenacity that I've got would stay here and continue banging away and forcing them to come into the goddamn real world, dragging and kicking them screaming just like Greg Reed said that I would I never realized it would take this long but that's exactly what I'm going to have to do. You know what I mean? That's right. Open line and David. See, I was saying this to George before. Do one of the breaks. This, this, crap like this. This is all of his knickers. When you have no material, when you have nothing to say, call in and take a shot at me. Be my guy. Give me your best shot. But all you're doing is why not take out a billboard that says I have no material. I've nothing to say about anything. So I'll call in and take a cheap shot at Neil because God, it's a lot of fun. Great. Be my guest. I still get paid twice a month. Real big bucks. Somebody mong. This is a brand new one. To how now did we already mong? Did you hear that? Somebody monged on this guy, damn CD and it was doing bizarre things. What are we going to get rid of these damn CDs already? These are already obsolete. Used to be cassettes. Then it was CD's. And now we have this in that. Now what's going to be next? Do you have mini disc or DVD? DVD? How about DVDs? Yeah, I'm sorry. Somebody monged onto this so they were like hopping in hip hop and there. There's a little hip hop on the show. We have an open line in Broward 2 and 8, 5, 6, 7, 05. By the way, Scott, you're at Swords. You don't want to work here. Okay, Scott, don't be con George looking to come over here. We don't, you know, we don't want to do that to you. You don't want to kind of work in this joint. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, ma'am. Wanted to let you know, CD bird was one of the best airlines I've ever flown on. We just came back two weeks ago. Really? It was fabulous. We were business classed about rules and then took Sabine to Italy. Uh huh. And it was great. It was absolutely wonderful. The food was very good. That is good as others. But good enough. Well, what do me not as good as others? Like, well, we know like American first classes is very good. I've got air frances through the very good. Right. I've got to be good. The sweet of planes that City put out. Have a good chat. Thanks. Bye. Okay, so we get any calls yet about that Larry King show with us. John, but they Ramsey think. No. And he calls about Mike Tyson, which is the number one story that everybody's talking about. No, how Vegas gave him his license back and all those poor, uh, charges winner yesterday. Magic Johnson, Muhammad Ali and his wife. Oh, please, please, please, I'm so, so, so, so sorry. And he gave him his license back because they want to make a lot of money and Vegas is falling the hard times. And he calls about that. No, okay. I'm just checking. And he calls about the American attorney when at the geeky looking boyfriend is over in Paris right in the book that knocked you up twice. No, okay. Just checking. Just want to make sure two open lines of date. Five will in Miami. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Yeah, I'm like you in a couple ways. But, you know, my wife says you taught that I taught negatively about so many people. I try to explain it to most people or asshole. Right. That's true. You know, I mean, I give credit like you wear it as dessert, but it's deserves so little by most people. The other thing is with my job. I do all this advanced work and I may be on my perfectionist to a fall, but everybody around me doesn't do this. So it renders my job meeting, which is what I've done in advanced preparation and go on. So it's just that it's so frustrating. First, right, and when you work for people who refuse to care and they look at you like you're a trouble maker, why don't you just go through the motions like we're doing? I can't do that. I just don't have it in me. Not that I'm better in anybody else. That's just not my style. I can't do that. Yeah, no, no. Now, relating to these sporting events here, I love it when the hurricanes are doing bad and not so much because I like the job of this scene when but when people don't go because I was in that corner in zone spread out. I had about 80 chairs around me with nobody around me, father. And I went to one game earlier in the guy kicked my shoulder over and you're falling over drunk. Right. I used to go to the game exactly. You know, and you know what, you know, and I hate even going to games now. I mean, I really do. I used to go to all sporting events, but I'd rather stay home and watch the bits on. You know what I'm trying to think about. What do you use my tickets to go see the dolphin game on Sunday? I wouldn't have been home to watch the end of the Ville's game against Jacksonville. And I also wouldn't have seen the entire San Francisco ColdScape, which turned out to there were two unbelievable games there. Who now wants to go out there and sit and watch a Ponta Riss Terminal effort, which I watched for five years. Boros. I'll tell you where it was terminal, but I bring my little TV and I watch the end of the Jacksonville course. I don't have subtle, like, you know, but I mean, I watched the end of that game. I mean, it was a pleasure that you know, put the headphones on listen to a man that's in his zipper. I mean, the wrong guy he's calling the wrong yard line. I mean, he doesn't even know what's the, it's an embarrassment with him. Yeah. No, really. Like Hank says, you know, this, this company specializes and this goes back to Dean Jordan, who's now left the high-pingo organization. But he brings in these guys from out of town. They fly in, you know, Christine and more to do the Panther game. He's up there in Jersey all year long. They fly him into the Panther games. They fly in Zimfer from Philadelphia. And Zimfer's not even a Florida guy. He knows nothing about what's going on here. They fly into wherever the dolphins are playing every Sunday. And then he goes back and does his sports show on WIP in Philadelphia. Yeah, but see, it last you said they work cheap. And with you, I mean, that's the article that was written that when you worked first coming on a million dollars salary, but you bring three million in and spots. Yeah. Oh, so I mean, that they they got a goal mine. Would you even if they page it two and a half three million? Oh, that sounds good. Yeah. Well, I know, when they're at that rate, sounds good to me. Yeah, you're, you're, you're bringing in the money more than what they're paying you. But these other guys, they work cheap. And that's what it's all about the same with Wami, cheap cheap cheap. And let's keep higher cheap and confident assholes and see what kind of product we put out there. And then that's what they get. So I think they fail miserably. You know, I don't know. Good. Good luck to his pal. There's a guy he's begging us head against the wall frustrated about it. I'm not frustrated about it. I just let it out. I left the steam out like I did this morning. And got to my happy about it. Oh, we have an open line in date. 5 6 7 0 5 60. It's the water Nazi. She's measuring it out. Baby, take it. In fact, I tell you what all your salespeople down here on the third floor from now on. I want you to take like a, we have magic markers in here. And by the way, thanks to Salfel Coney from Soleil Water. What's the name of I got a mug of it? All you want. Every time we run low, it comes rushing in here with cases of Soleil Water from the Anorthan attack in Alps. Which is the right note. So that's what it's telling an Alps. So I guess that's where it'll be the North and Italy. Great water. Jick markers. Thanks to our friend Joe Resoli. Hey, let's plug everybody. Like I said, they're nice to us when I stood them at Roth office apply and we'll, you know, take the magic marker and mark like a little line on every cup. And that's as far as you can know so you can fill up your cup to the line, which will be very close to the bottom of the cup by the way. Don't be expected in a lines about halfway up there. Forget that. That will only be for the year and test when they do the random drug testing here very soon. Which I think they ought to start with management. Here's Boker. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I. I wrote him in the board. Give it a sit. Let me see if it's here. The burning bush. No. Same difference. Okay. We have an open line in date one in Broward 567. He's got a right and he's got a good question. Guy never held political office. Never got elected dog catcher. Got all these mysterious shady financial dealings. All of a sudden overnight because his last name was Bush. He became a millionaire before we became the age of 40. And then all of a sudden over night he's the candidate for governor. He's your next governor sir. Oh, God. 567. Anybody see Larry King last night. Anybody see that job today. We want to get a report. We well, you know, in quarry minds, want to know. No. Okay. I don't want to push too hard. I'm just trying to get a little information here so we can solve the goddamn murder. The border police can't do it. Maybe we can do it right here on here. Make that one guy happy. The guy that's looking for solutions like the president said, Hey Monica, scored score. I got a solution for you. Get a back there. But then I was way way in the back that had the schedules and the affairs and all the other good stuff. Two open lines in date two and Broward. Anybody out there with any interest. Nobody see Larry King thing. I've not did on job today. You know what? I got anything about Mike Tyson. Anybody got anything about that leaf for an Asheville game last night watching the small days. No. Anybody with anything? No. Okay. Just checking 567. 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here is Miami. Hello. Any other car and tell you what kind of a city we live in? Yeah. Did you see after that the two students were stabbed and attacked his right Miami. Yes. Uh-huh. And another guy who was taking food to his son was, you know, mode down by an AK47. Yeah. It's just pitiful. I mean, it's so depressing living here. I hated and I love you. But I'll do that. Have a great life. Okay. Here's a guy that's a happy camper. Nobody's so negative. Well, he's just telling it the way it is. We have an open line and Broward all a day. I go, okay. We managed almost two hours here today. That's a good start. You have to crawl before you walk. Did that what they say? So let's see what we got. We got a whole box to read. And I'm not giving it any away. I don't want that one guy to panic who said no more giveaways. I think that's why they stopped calling her. Don't work your voice. They said, okay, let's find another show. Oh geez. That was a nice thing to that trick or treat thing. It's too bad at that. Yeah, John Jarrett's attitude. Huh? Too bad I ain't never going to work again. Here's our last call. Then we'll clear the board. Lady Mobile in the lighthouse point. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? Oh, I'm all alone here, man. All by you and me. That's it. That's the show. Well, listen. I work from American Airlines, the best airline in the world. Yeah. And if I'm all about that, but your food is sure great. Yeah, but the thing is, you know, if you want food, you got to go to a restaurant because these other airlines that are offering low prices. I mentioned said Diego, she said, okay, I'm leaving. I don't understand that. What are you looking for? If you're looking for paradise, you're not going to find it in America. I'm only joking about that. I know. I think it's a nice place to live and you have problems everywhere. You just have to deal with them. But what's a nice place to live here? Oh, well, I live as beautiful. You have to make it beautiful. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's nice, but I just feel like people should have higher standards than I don't know what to do to change it. Well, I'm doing the best I can here. I'm screaming in the island and carrying on, but maybe I'm getting into a mile. I don't know. We'll see in the next few days. All right. We'll have a next day. Okay. Thanks. Okay. One call after the board. So, here we go. Maybe it almost two hours today. Not bad. From the level of the Lieutenant, one more put down. Give any stuff away. Maybe you really won't. And you got some great calls. It's a summer old. How about those gators? The gators suck up. What's the work in the truck? Yeah, you will. Let's hear about that. We have an 0.560, 5560 on the mobile one line. We got all the day county weight on you. All three lines. The day county are sitting there. Dennis and Dornelle. The over the years of the game is coming up this weekend. Come on. Let's go. Let's just start on the advantage game against LA tomorrow. I think we got that. Playing gold for the Kings tomorrow. And I have to be say a ginger. Give me storage in your day by a little bit of care. No, I'll answer. Double and Delrey Beach, hello. Yes, sir. When is top days? Yeah, I just had lunch up in Stewart and I had lunch at Bacon Shake. Yeah. I can believe I'm Stewart. Yeah, Stewart. Well, yes, Stewart's not so fort exactly. I guess not. Once you get to Orlando and I don't think about this first one. I've seen I saw Joe, big time very big and okay. That's probably one of the other than other than burn steak house and steak and shake. There's not too much else good in the Tampa. That's first thing to be. Neil, I got the boss hanging out literature mandating that we read up on and L on Hubbard material. What's your thoughts on this guy? What do you mean mandating that you read up on? What is that? Yeah, he's hanging around and I was even wondering about the legality of a interrogating our legal. That's a religious thing. Because that's how he was a religion. It's a cult. He can't demand it and read up on it. What is it? No, that's that. That was not just open. You can verify that. Well, get yourself a lawyer and sue his ass. Okay. And good luck to you, new job. We have an open line at Broward 567. But at least he had lunch at Stake and Shake. That's good. Shake this. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, Neil. I don't know if you're aware that you're putting a sentence around the shop that's about to get the people from parking in there. Isn't that beautiful? Just to make sure that you don't have an easy convenient place in Doug and avoid giving away your money. We're putting up offenses just to keep the people out. Exactly. Isn't that great? I thought we didn't do it. Oh, my God. Thanks for the good news. You're God. I'm getting a bicycle. Okay. I had a bicycle. I can be over there in no time. I don't know where. Oh, I guess what, remember Lee called in and said that she forced them to put in the bike rack and threaten that she would sick me on them and they said, okay. You don't do that. Okay. They actually have bike racks over there. We have an open line in Broward 567. Now, let me ask you something. We ever had that before. We're every line on the board is a mobile that we ever had in history. Why is that? Because they can't hear us inside of a building. Maybe that's part of the problem we got here. I know you can't hear the station in on 441. You can't hear it in an inside any business. Any place that's got a fluorescent light within five miles. You can't hear us. Oh, then we know that. Boy, we got a major problem. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I'm sure glad they say you did this because my blood pressure would be like a million over 10,000. I want to tell you, I went home yesterday. My blood pressure was 155 over 98. That's the high, because I take medication for you know. That's the highest my blood pressure has been in years. And I kind of like lay down and I come by self down and I relax and I thought to myself, what am I killing myself for these bunch of asshole? The audience that doesn't want to talk to me. And I want you people I work for who have no interest in doing anything professionally. And I got my blood sugar down 100. I mean, my blood pressure down a 110 over 77. And I've been okay ever since. I thought yesterday during the show, I was going to have a stroke in the middle of the show yesterday. And I'm going to kill myself for these bastards. There's no nothing, do nothing, bastard. Who insists on doing everything my half-assed way? No way. I thought, I'm 40 years old. I've lived in the South Florida in the 39 years. It was the only place, the only place I've ever really known as part, quality of life, as far as living here. And just within the last five years, my job is required to meet a travel quite a bit. Not internationally, but just around the country. And I tell you, you don't realize what it's foil. We're absolutely living in down here in South Florida. I'll tell you, go to a real place. You've got somewhere around here. Oh, don't have to tell me. Every time I get off the plane and you get into that, what's all of the thing? I can't never think of the name of that thing. Into the skyway, the walkway, whatever they call that thing. The skywalk. The skywalk off the plane. You're coming into the terminal. And that heat and humidity hits you in the face. No matter where you're coming from. And you feel like, oh, two cars run around and get right back on me. That's right. Take me anywhere, but I can't possibly be back here. I guess, most of the time my travel's taking me to Atlanta. And people can't conceive and say what they want about Georgia being backwater and you have who and everything else. Yeah. But at least the people they're friendly and you can go there and have an ice time and as a city, they seem to have their act to go. Yeah. When you go there, I mean, the biggest problem is maybe they picked their nose and then hear they pick your pocket and then shoot your brains out. Right. But I tell you, yeah, Miami, especially Miami, can try to consider itself a world class. Oh, here we go. Every time I hear that, I want to pee in my pants. For example, you travel the world, you go to any city, any real world class city. And what do they have? All over the city. They have currency exchange because there are tourists coming from all big cities. Okay. Is there any currency exchange in this time? Other than either at the airport, which is that Thomas Kirkwood, they give you ridiculous rates. Or there's one of the sagras, which also the rates are not all that great there. And you want to get ripped off. Is anybody ever seen a currency exchange joined in Miami as a joke? Well, answer me this. How come the world class city of Miami in its world class airport can't even have those little cards that will your luggage out on? Right. Exactly. There you go. Okay. I mean, world class day. I mean, maybe third world, but that's the end of the year. Yeah. Have a great one, Neil. Thanks for that. That's really a reality check. That's right. Show, ever in a history, man. I would agree with that. Unbelievable. I don't all the things. All right, okay. Okay. One call after we're better get the temptation CD back in the earth. We were done playing music today, but I better get that back in there just one time, because these people are kind of like run out of gas. Better get that baby back in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody in the audience know who Mike Tyson is? No. Anybody go to Belage, you win. Anybody seen John but he's body lately. Anybody got any good basketball team taking? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody got the Lawrence Phillips, a whole number. Anybody got Lawrence, a Taylor's phone number. How come most athletes they're going to be in the same Lawrence to have to be scumbags. What is it? Even Steve Lawrence is going to be pissed off a lot. Here's a payphone and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm the Unde same man. You show his great day and on the marijuana issue, why you to go out with my buddies to order one up? Everyone's in a while I've never been in the, I'm in the best shape of my life. I don't know why. Yeah. I just don't know why they don't mean, why is it? You're going to eat it. Because it's America, baby. It's you working in the F and way. That's right. You're including. Yes. They throw things on your hammers three and three bags. Okay. Okay. Two open lines a day, two and Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on 18 wireless line. Any of those old commels housepeople call in today? No. Any reports on a center one thing? No. Right. In other words, basically what they're saying when it comes, if you want money for any other cause, especially something that we're very suspect about it because it may have something to do with bags, even though it really doesn't. If you want some money for money, that's what they're saying. All those people are used to whip those checks in the mail every day. I walk into my room there with a whole fistful of mail. Open it up envelopes that spend, in fact, some days there would be somebody have to take them home after the show and just sit there all act in an opening up envelopes taking out checks and reading the notes. Do we have one penny that came in the mail here for center one yet? No. We have one donation from anybody that works at WQA, even the janitor, anybody that ever associated with this place. Oh, thank you. Opaline and Broward all three in date are waiting for you 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.