You did not go to the school in the place that you live and then you decide to go back to the weekend What are you supposed to do except for getting? Especially once you get into the game, you can't serve alcohol at an NCAA event Yeah, so what in so you're telling me that you can't go to a volume of the good food Is that what you're saying? Oh, but if you got all your power fighting your all your problems Now different parts of the country like we are this week and we're driving all the way from South Florida to where? Docs still gonna see oh my god What we get there We get dropped I mean what else are we gonna do we got to sleep in the RV we got to spend our babies? Yeah, I mean if you can take us up there now so we can do besides the okay Yeah, well maybe to call up the White House. They might have some good numbers for you But I'm serious. I want to talk more and if you get too tank you will be able to take advantage of the opportunities Well, I am especially since the game starts at eight o'clock, but that's a good idea The idea is to go there, you know barbecue some dogs and burgers and chicken breasts Maybe I have a couple be it on that and you get into the game and beat the crap out of every person that's there Okay, but let me say this to you. I understand what you're saying But do you think we have anybody coming to the the macarooner for hockey games that's gonna be driving in like Let's turn it around from Knoxville or from like hundreds of miles away. No sir I agree with you that professional sports and tailgating He want to go to the top and be like that one guy was talking about the jet stop and Yeah, it works But I disagree in terms of college. Okay, you got me convinced. All right. I mean he's what have a good time. Okay I'll start drinking before you take off by the way Oh, they will we have an open line in Brown. Well, it's only what nine hundred miles away thousands of like that Let's go to Knoxville. All right. All right What open line in Brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line? What was the other road dummy that the Paul windshield had Jerry Mahoney Jerry Mahoney there we go And what else what was the other one? No, we had a like Not more than more than our spirit who did more than our spirit. No, that was Edgar Bergen had Charlie McCarthy and more than our spirit It's dummy day. Oh, that's perfect. That's the perfect topic for this radio station. It's dummy day Let's get bluffing on this Okay, let's go to a mobile in fourth pier. Hello Hey, I don't have pretty good sir. Who do you're driving down from data land and will you have all right? Not by choice you did work huh? Not by choice you there was a work business situation talk about Yahoo Gameville. Yeah, I don't know what's all I mean I can understand the kids who are forced to go to school there Maybe they might learn something or not, but all is gator stuff unless you go into school There, why does anybody care about the damn gators? Neo every house. Let's see a sprayer man if you look up Redneck He's got Bobby bottom beat by a mile. Maybe not a lot He is a Yahoo every house is drive by every car. We think there's a gator something on him Yeah, but like this last guy just said he made a good point. What else are they gonna do up there? And a bum for Q. I say what are they gonna do up there? I try going that back going out get some Find some place or I see some half-season looking people yeah, not a chance in Hellman Not I mean forget I will lose I will lose I will lose in breeds that they shipped out from national no doubt The hot spot the karaoke bar down and but I'm telling man It's really crazy anyway last week when I was driving down you were talking about those new At campaigns that they have with a god-sign god, yeah, I don't know if they called you or not There was one on the turnfights from West Palm It's a black background with white memories that love the wedding Invite me to the marriage and then on the right hand bottom of the sentence as god Yeah, yeah, that's great anyway God don't get on a big big fat one right now Let me keep my hands on the thing well, okay have a great time pal. All right, okay trace the call We have an open line. I got a big good not actually it's not a big fat one. I got a small brown one That's the rear that's the real more you heard about Sammy that he not get all of the attention because he's got a small brown one Open line in date 560 560 palm five 60 on the 18T wireless line What would be something if we thought out that the big mac is got a small brown one That would be a pretty interesting or maybe if a bubble's got a small brown one Maybe that's what Monica was putting in her a small brown one Anyway, there seem to be a But Neil Rogers you need for a lot of day. I am not try to seduce you Millions have that's right listen to one of our successful graduates. Oh, I can I shall learn my luck here I'm a lot at Earl Strites is will convert anyone into a Jew Malakam Translated means sorry. I must have left my wallet at home Millet Hamala Macador Translated means Sturdist did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? milk Mahala here Hamala Ha ha no Translated yes Rabbi the check is in the mail Yes, you too can convert into a Jew for just ninety nine ninety five at Earl Strites is Act now and get a free yardside candle for just ten dollars Earl Strites is will convert any go if we're just ninety nine ninety five or more if we can Hamla ham How the homeless but to read backwards for Christ's day all exactly for Christ's six So anyways speaking of kosher meals you know something I think that with all the money that I spend on here I'm a schmuck. I am absolutely a schmuck and people have been telling me that for years You know when you uh, you know if you would call in ahead of time just call the airline and tell me one of special Meal because the food on airline First and the food at the Miami arena and that's a lot I mean the absolute worst in the estate now American Airlines not too bad edible not great But at least edible but most of the rest of the nice suck except alitania So what what are they serving a kosher meal? What would you think that they would serve you like a cheeseburger brisket? How about a cheeseburger? That wouldn't work It won't be filet of sea wool. I'll tell you that Oh some of the stuff that they serve on those European Airlines like Martin here and some of those other oh my god Like your choices between filet of sea wool or poached Australian Cocker wool Yeah Cocker wool what what they're all is that? I mean they're they're asking you to eat things that you don't even know what they're how they are Cocker wool no cocker wool So we'll find out from somebody who's ever ordered kosher meal on a plane with Ellie's Serbia maybe a couple of kosher weeners would be good We have an open line in day five six seven Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Pembroke park hello Good morning. Yes, sir. How are you great? I want to look at my seat on the Saturday? Yes, and and Do I I do have great sheet? I'm in section 11 17. I'm about 11 rows up some right behind a penalty box But I don't care too much for the leg room. I think compared to the arena Miami The leg room is a very small. I have a really I thought there was more leg room is what they were telling me I think you're right Have that little couple there there that's Well, that's right. They had the couple during front of your fears. You're gonna have been there You're gonna buy they hope right so when somebody comes in and I thought a warning for everybody's sitting in one 17 row 11 Please stay in your seat while they're having their period Second of all I don't I have to disagree with the with the tailgating and and I don't know why the associate tailgating were drinking But yeah, you know I spend there's actually a couple of things. Yeah, but you don't tailgate before a hockey game I mean nobody knows that that I don't mind that I don't mind but it's affected the way they put it in the paper that the cops are Gonna enforce this law. Yeah, so so this just gonna be another reason for a sunrise cop to stop you and ask all you and for that purpose I don't think it's right now that you should go there and because they're right There was no place that they were gonna at the at the hockey game and another thing is the restaurant on that club level Now this year I'm standing ladies Yeah, I spend $10,000 on four tickets to sit in a lower bowl there and and I think you know They should have that restaurant in a place where everybody can make a reservation go in there any They've been standing this is open to sweetholders and club seedholders only Exactly now you know I know that the hot dogs are not cheap and pieces is not cheap in there But to go in there and and that being able to do that I don't think that's you know I know not and not what is that but we know the team is gonna be so bad this year I think a lot of people are gonna want to go in the first period get their cell phone call-ups There's make a reservation see I'll be up at about a half an hour and sit down have a nice meal and then by the time we come back It'll be just about over time to win I do like to you know I'm a big big hockey freak so I do like to get down there early and it may be if it would eat in that restaurant and go in The go below and watch the game right I really think that they should do some about that But then in that kind of money they should give you like a special pass to go up there and you can do whatever you want Exactly well, that's all I have to say thank you very much about away I love your your your show at night. Really nice. Thank God have a great thank you. Okay. Okay. Here's the latest poll should be censored 64% in probably There's a lot of the same thing every day it's the same thing the polls aren't changing That's why they want that take testimony before the grand jury the Republicans not that this is a political thing You understand not that it's partisan by any stretch of imagination But they want that video tape out to the public so they can see him getting red in the post and all embarrassed in psychotic and getting up and walking out and slam in the door and saying you do Spag you scumbag I think they got a backward. I think Ken started this come back if he acts me. I think you got a backward ma Here's a lady in Hollywood hello Hello, yes, man Meal I just understand something with you George Bush deceased the public before he even was president his golden voice They know to lock but in the meantime It's okay great. I think the Just said the fan We just had a party mouth whole lady on a phone. That's her all right She said what do you think of that? It's what she said Jury Mahoney and knuckle T Smith Knucklehead Well it says knuckle T Smith here. I'm just reading from the facts. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't remember knuckleheads I talked to a lot of knuckleheads every day, but I just don't remember that knucklehead God we got some people older than me out there, which is really scary in it and then somebody called in and was talking about senior wensis And I have he didn't have any puppets he had the thing on his hand and they had the yo and thing in a box So all right, sorry. He was great senior wensis was the best he was fantastic But you didn't have no ordinary and that's even have no puppets You may have had a puppet in his pants, but that's his business. Oh he's dead We have an open line in date 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line tailgate parties kosher meals on airplanes the president El President that thing is gonna have a press conference today and which they're gonna ask him a lot of embarrassing questions I Like to see him got just get all read in the person what they're and take Sam D'Alson and beat the snout out of right there He have a standing only just ripped that stupid wig right off his head You know mobile one cellular That's right, and I never done this never crossed my mind before but who invented that wicked weed that everybody in this country's all been out of shape about The oh say I thought the Lord made that weed now the Lord invented everything that grows in the ground Huh We've been corrupted we wind rhymes with seed forget about Satan okay. He's busy worrying about other stuff He's busy in Monica's crotch You don't have time for no wicked weed. Maybe if he took a couple of hits he might be in a better mood The Lord made that wicked weed and it grows out of the ground and a government says you're going right to the Who's God, baby because this is America and we don't want to do this crap Even almost of the stuff that you buy in a supermarket is gonna kill you sooner or later and probably sooner But we're here to protect you right does anybody in their right mind believe that no except those goody two shoes horse in all my President lied to me These emotional cripples who only wish that they could get a little bit on the side around their back or under unease or whatever We have an open line in date 560 and 560 on the 18 T wireless line Don't let me forget to read from the advocate this editorial you photo show us out leave it to us Fags to come up with a conclusive it makes a lot of sense editorial about this whole Monica and keep business Leave it to a fact publication like the Advocate which isn't one of those goody two shoes like all these newspapers like the Philadelphia and Quirre and all these other papers around in country saying oh you must resign Mr. President cuz you read his grace and you've embarrassed us cuz you're horny right Here's Miami Beach, hello Miami Beach, hello, yes, sir. Hi there The first time call a long time listener. I believe the name of the dummy you're looking for was What is it? Delville Delville Delville Farple now for Delville, oh, yeah, that was the name of the dummy. I believe Okay, thank you. Right happy Oh, okay What's two open lines in date five six seven, oh five six and five five six and what do you say little Well, he must be related to any What's his name? Martez Huh? Well, oh yeah, he said then then where where's that spot? He says that right in there and that's But you're gonna cross spot. He said a little a couple of times whatever you drive in these budget has a vehicle for you Yeah, oh, I told you he said it Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, if they released that video tape of Clinton will get to see that chair that That rattle was talking about if he was sitting in yeah, I'm I'm sure he was sitting on a chair That is pretty staggering. You know I almost fell off of mine when he said that Presidents will be sitting in a chair in the middle of the room as opposed to over an corner with his stomach is mouth like little Jack Oh owner The William Jefferson Clinton live presidential library Yeah, what do they go to be going on the bathroom and edge right? Uh-huh a lot of glory holes are guarantee of that And lastly, so I I'm big confandis born Chicago the huge semi-sophant yes, but when you say you're the black Dominican it's a little bit dumbed Thank you. Well, in other words, there are no white Dominican He's gone. He hung up too fast Alex Rodriguez is Dominican. He's almost white. He's very light-complected Our all people from my report look at a minute kind of black. Uh-huh. I'll come on somewhere down there there must be somebody who's been born here I mean if you're born somewhere that means that that's your nationality There must be one white guy in the Dominican Republic is in there. Oh, what come on? There's bound to be this got to be there's a few white Cubans couple one or two Like a Elduke and we got her name is aren't they white? Oh Firstly, how come there's no white Cubans like that? Oh, they all got out. I know that's the line you always give me they all got out They did you know Two open lines in Dave County five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line Mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello. They all. Yes, sir. Hey, I like getting around answering your question from Monday Okay, that's all that about Wednesday Well, it's been busy week I had a 14 cent of weekend Check my seats at the arena on Saturday Incredible place Really looking forward to going to games there were you shocked at your style amazing it is because I know I was Is this what the place is beautiful? It's it's beautiful and I have first row upper bowl feet and it's kind of great because I can look down Can see the four baskets to pay twice as much for their seats as high as But anyway, there are no bad views. I mean I went to the first time the first two times I went in there when it was far from being finished And you come on with those people not that crazy about heights especially when there's like no There's there's no railings and you're just like staggering around waiting to fall and break your neck I really didn't have a real good fix on what the view was gonna be from way up there and what used to be called nose blades Well, I'm telling you that there is not a bad view you can go way if then the upper deck the upper bowl and there's no bad view I went to the very last row just to see what it was like from up there and it's perfect There are no bad views and I was a little concerned that the Mesine is far further from the ice than F.C. Holder Rain of right it doesn't matter. Yeah, it doesn't matter. It's still great. I'm gonna tell you I don't know if these are both those over here have been over here to see it But the QAM box you know we got a suite over there and I the QAM box is just unbelievable it's breathtaking Well, they had those those are locked on Saturday so I should offer couldn't go in and walk around But so then if you were to be honest with not because Greg never got that check into me. I might be That was the door. I really did it. It's forgot to sign it So if you're a campus thing isn't sick at all, but you can get dolphins tickets up in the nosebleeds Well, I can't place well I don't know if I'll be renewing those next year Let's see in the first preseason games the jerks in my road applied it again We're pissed by with the guy in the row in front of them We just happen to turn out to be a cop That was you know, I'll most do the beers later During the green bay game there was some cheese heads there so they had to riot over that and guys were literally lying down upstairs And then some that you know you get through really do the tailgate things You know you get there to love in a clock the beer is flowing fast through furious right and they're drunk by the time Absolutely, there's no question about it And this guy before that's a tailgating is not about drinking this guy's full of crap If they talk all the booze out of tailgate and there'd be like three people over there with their little grills You could roll bowling balls for the guy in anyone and got to get the people in section 425 You talked about You're on a flip-flop Oh yeah, I'm the same with a hockey man if I can find anybody talks about hockey around us this year It'll be a real a breath of fresh air as compared to the as opposed to the other joint Well if I renew this ticket next year They're not gonna be there. I'm gonna get some real faith. Okay, Tom Thank you there see at the tailgate party not Open line and Broward and two in date 560505050 Palm five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You know the the interesting thing about going to was sporting event is that Especially here because you don't have that many real sports fans Oh number one understand it number two care about it really all that much unless there's a lot of winning going on and they can jump on a bandwagon And so what are the things that people just all two things if somebody get in a hockey game somebody gets head hit by a puck in the head You know puck goes up and a stand somebody gets hit and they're bleeding and they have to carry them off for their liner for a long time Everybody is looking I mean I'm not just talking about the people in the media area Which you can understand that there's blood on their seat on their post whatever But I mean like all over the evening They're all like looking and gawking it's that rubber neck and thinking again. They're very excited about that And besides the fights in on the ice which there's a this proportion of other interest in that here because they don't understand Again that well, so if there's a fight out there they think that's really what they came to see But the fights in the stand at a football game any kind of a sporting event you almost never see that at a baseball game I don't think I've ever seen a fight in the stands at a baseball game Maybe they're not tailgating enough But at a football or a hockey game man fights in the stands especially football There's no it you put all the other sports put together There's nothing that even compares nothing close in this country. I mean soccer matches abroad. They're killing each other But here at a football game a football game without a few good brawls and the stands to these people is nothing and who now wants to see that? And it's always over something really good too Yeah, like the day that fat rich sure knocked that guy's beer over in our role Who would I have no idea who that guy won you're over you knocked a beer over with his big fat foot and then he went and he bought with his own money Brought to you know, I'm sorry excuse me was it actually brought the guy another beer to replace it and he still was pissed off and ready for a Controtom And luckily which is you know you don't want to this man to be talking about you on a radio on Monday to guess his who's that is a new rod You know, I listen to how you do and you know all of a sudden his whole altitude changed But he's ready to get into a big son of the end because they're rich like a lot of a fat people are like even skinny people Is a clutch he knocked him and don't stick to beer out there in the damn aisle anyway sticking either way under the chair or Right, you don't think a lot of our ways so we're in a say in fact there I think some of these ass all some of these redneck They stick it out there in the aisle they they kind of push it with their foot right out there in the Just as you're coming by just to make sure that you're not good over so they haven't excuse to start a brawl Does that word redneck ever coming to mind when you think about football? Huh, okay, just something I'm thinking about here's poor Saint Lucy. Hello Port St. Lucy How can we have nobody on the phone or 60 minutes and 39 seconds later on our diamond or gone? Or you know who it must have been no don't you we have an open line of date one and Howard five six seven Oh five 60 and palm five six the only a teen T. Well, it's line. We only got one. Let's do in poor Saint Lucy And that's your good friend Greg formerly a bointon beach must have been him too bad too bad. We We lost our connection with our good buddy Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello You're gonna get a game last did I want? What is it did you go to the game last Sunday? What game was that? Be Miami doll I did not go to the Dolphins game. No, I'd be Well, you see you missed it because they had the indication out there and they were asking for your help to watch over to players I know you got their later something they had vindication well no Sean wouldn't stop for the year first play the game God was late. I don't know what I thought they I love maybe you couldn't find your parking place. I'd have been there in three years. I don't go to the Dolphin games anymore Are you seeing I'm giving away to a friend of mine? I don't go to the Dolphin tickets games anymore because who needs to see a bunch of drugs and when he's to see that boring Seusser football Have a see they're doing that indication thing they're asking for guidance. They want the protection for the players I don't want to thank you. Okay So Sean wouldn't broke his thing as pavicle. We have an open line in the day five six seven I'm not going in no more football games I'm not that it's just a very unpleasant experience. I watched plenty of football on TV lots I'm not that it would stagger your imagination. Oh, but you hate five. I don't hate football I enjoy football if it's a good game which did often game was not And I don't care how many assholes get on the run in station and try to make a song a dance about their Siddilating running game and it was garbage. It was crap I can't flipping back and forth to see if there was anything of substance going on and at one point like late in the first half Buffalo at six first downs it often said one and A same old tired crap. I mean three and out three and so they finally drive down a field get one touchdown Why that this is the same old crap? I watched for a hundred years So think that I would waste even a gas money in the turnpike told ago through there I watched that garbage even with free tickets I'd have to be out of my mind. I rather stay home and take a bookers out of my nose for two or three hours I I rather stay home and put my dogs torn nails anything constructive Then go out there with a bunch of drunks Oh, yeah, you got it a good time with the old ballpark come on. You got it in your own here And I'm not saying that at baseball games people aren't swollen down the beers It's just I think maybe different place with people who can handle their booze a little bit better But especially at Ridley field what those two or three years that we went to the cubs games at Ridley field Did you ever wind up going to the game? One one and then they stuck me to can and so get out of here You just said you're a good deal of a lifetime But man they're swimming down the beers there like crazy. I mean a fight like handfuls at a time They're bringing it back to their seats. Hey, come on. I'm ready. Come on. I hit one I did I right. Let's go. Take me out to them. Yeah, look what did the Harry I'll see him no more I'll see Harry no more all of the I think he was really 112 years old as well They finally determined 26 after 11 God for pomp and o' port we got all kinds of simultaneous starting at noon today Miami Highlight's simultaneous in the team QA yeah I dropped my way wouldn't be great if you could quit your job because your wife worked and made a whole bunch of money And wouldn't it be great if you could sit around all day watching TV and drinking beer And wouldn't it be great when someone comes to the door you can just ignore them have another beer Mm And wouldn't it be great when your cigarette starts the house on fire you don't care because your sound is waiting a super Wouldn't it be great? Why daydream about the good life when you could do something about it? Just drink a bunch of beer a message from the American beer council 17th of noon in 560 WCM Okay, the puppeteer behind Farple was Danny O'Day Who now was Danny O'Day remember Dennis Day Remember Doris Day any remember Danny O'Day? No, what it says he was the puppeteer. We had a far full-deauga have my doubts We'll find out any mother puppet people out there And here's a very interesting facts about Thomas Jefferson since we all have all his sexual scandal and we have people out there in a hinterland Oh, he lied to me about his sex life Thomas Jefferson's love life began at 19 when he felt for a 16 year old virgin yet He bungled his romantic chances by not making his intentions clearly known she married someone else instead In 1768 while his friend John Walker was away for the summer Jefferson made sexual advances on Walker's wife Oh Betsy confessed to her elicit relationship 20 years later the event stayed dormant in the public arena Chile erupting as a huge scandal in 1802 while Jefferson was El President Day Only the intervention of close friends kept it from escalating to a death duel 34 years after the fact Back in 1772 Jefferson married another friend's widow Martha Historian speculate that she had lived longer than longer she died giving birth in 1782 Jefferson could have been two What does it say could have been two content to leave is a grary and paradise amount of cello for national politics for death left him in a suicidal Funk and he found never to marry again In 1784 he moved to Paris as minister to France was introduced away Renaissance fuel romance at 43 He met a 27 year old artis Maria Conway who's unhappy marriage prime to pump for a Hedia traction prime to pump They spent four delicious months together in Paris until she broke it off probably from a religious guilt she broke it off Put it back on moral scandal erupted in 1802 when a southern reporter in pale president Jefferson for keeping one of his slaves as his concubine Sally Hemings was the beautiful Malado daughter of his former father And law one of his slaves Sally had accompanied Jefferson daughter to Paris back in 1784 and had remained in a place of prominence in Jefferson's life for the next 39 years to life to his life Dad, that The life and death Myably amusing interesting we have an open line and uh, Broward and all of the days is a vanished We actually were doing a fact so many of our show here for almost two hours today and now they've decided okay And up with the puppets 567.0560 560 on the 182 wireless line late in four lotterdale hello I know yes, man. I like a chat chat back to the kosher no question. Okay. Thank God Now years ago Kosher males were better Because they yeah first class you can tell how many special meals they've got because you're the stewardess is talking about it And there's only usually like two or three on a whole plane Well, no, go in the Turcine everything that'll help We have an open line in Broward all of day did County has just made a nice a nice dough and you guys have a great day Hope they'll they're headed over to the arena now for the tailgate But the opening game which is like only a month away 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 182 wireless line West Palm Beach hello What's up, man? Not much a um, you know you're right about You know this thing with Clinton So it's such be yes But number one you mentioned to me about the you never seen him fighting based on his fort In New York all the time Shea and Yankee and I've sent the bleachers a wiggly field and I'll tell you man. You see some big fights there really But see this thing with Clinton at bonters me is that someone from a different state That I didn't vote for I've most saying it's gonna go ahead and make a decision that I'm against and I got I got a problem with that because I think Clinton's doing a good job This stuff is really private yeah between him and his family his wife is daughter Well, that's why they're so desperate now with this to release this tape to my Instagram Dr. I think they're they're hoping see their desperate the Republicans really counted on last Friday is being the turning point and figure that that all that gross The tail and all the explosives that the American public just would be screaming They don't want him and it didn't work I know but now they figure that this is their last chance They think they're what just me is why did that still have to be in there? Yeah, why do they have it didn't it did not? Why they set that success the whole thing they didn't have to mention all that's 2,500 other pages I work along not another report that they put on the internet for people to see all over the world Why do white hunk are in her? et cetera Exactly. Why does what why do white wire up they mentioned? Why did you know the certain thing is about what he did have to be mentioned? See the thing I don't under I now understand is that he will be impeached because they don't want him there I don't think he's I don't think I think I hope he's got that they're gonna be hearings in the house I don't think there's any question about that but I don't think they'll actually I don't think they're really gonna begin in white I don't know here. I totally hope not but it's just Amazing what this country has come down to you know It's it's amazing and it's gonna happen here too And it's sad because buddy McCase. I can be elected no no parents. He's got no chance And things are gonna be things are gonna happen to the school board in this state Yeah, push is elected. Yeah, but at least everybody have a free Bible anyway Yeah, oh by the way something about the Panthers. I went through game this year There's a girl someone gave me tickets for the lower ball. I couldn't hear half the game because they're women behind me Talking about meaningless stuff and nothing about hockey I mean they look like they could let's agree we had one lady in our road with this last season Used to bring a book to the game every week and this is the season after they went to the final Okay now I'm hoping that since this is not near Miami and it's not trendy in Your sawgrass Okay, that it won't be like that my wrong I have no idea I don't think I think you're wrong because most of the people who came to the game is from Browden Palm Beach The world that they did not tell any people coming up the pan bases is Browden and Palm Beach, you know the And so I listen bring a good book. Hey, thanks. I see you there Monica gate. Don't let me forget to read this. Okay, what it gets real slow again in about 10 minutes We have an open line in Browden well the other here. They're gone. I mean, you know the way goes wait till next week They'll be smoking these phones when little George is on here That's right wait till I have my mint and come on and do the show and wait these phones are gonna be smoking off the hook Here's a mobile and poor lottery. Hello Hey, Neil good day. Yes, sir. Good day. Just got my car and I heard of Follow the end of your topic. Gail line food. I was wondering if you are ready about the taste that's Charlie there's a very small percentage of the population that's allergic to peanut right now I didn't see the story. I saw the headline right. Yes, now I have my little reactions and just about quote from it If you call off a day and advance and say hey, I'm allergic to peanut they cannot serve pizza in that life really Yeah, they've got a serve raisins with the biggest measure raisin Would be the ultimate the bigger question is That's that's Southwest try to To bring to the court was well, we're visiting I mean what if someone's allergic to Whatever you know, I mean you can literally go on forever, so oh yeah There are people allergic to seafood or people allergic to almost anything you could name of course people allergic to chocolates Absolutely I didn't like it that I didn't catch most of what you're discussing. I did his I align food I'm just I'm just trying to get some ideas is to what any of these special meals that might be an Improvement of the usual crap that they serve you because most of the airlines did just garbage I fly Regulish and there's virtually no difference in the quality of food between a kosher Or what would be described as special meal? Yeah, and what it's true Normally I think I'm gonna pack me a couple of sandwiches. Yeah, that's your best. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye Yeah, American actually didn't do that bad of a job. I don't fly American I much All I think I might start a lot more because they give you great service good planes Good food great female captain air fluid stuff to derot our ice go on sweetheart. Hey You know some people don't give a crap you know because the traveling public you don't have that many choices And especially down here no matter where you're going all you can't get there from here You got to make 17 different stops and there's only one airline that ever goes there like once about every two three weeks when it's convenient for them Here's a cover ridge hello Hello Neil yes, sir Born again circumcised Gringo calling I Get that your question you're born again. Yes, sir. Are you a girl? Oh God Am I what I find yourself very humor spell it's a little psych religious for me if you're listening and but I do Show your show why not not a nasty coming atheist. Okay. I just wanted to know You know, but that's okay Like would you want? All GD if up the park I damn yeah, I mean, you know If you're if you're a true Christian, you know like the air, but I find you wow That's your you're not supposed to say stuff like that. Oh, not an omen Don't you when listen what you just said look at some kind of silly Really That doesn't that when you when you let those words that you just spoke hit you back in the face Doesn't that sound kind of silly that childish? I think is the word I'm looking for well now I think it's childish to have to speak like that what do you mean to I don't have to I just speak like this because this is the way normal people speak Well, I don't know anybody who says what a guy damn bunch of crap that was you right? I just don't know people are all sp- I'm not one of those people who puts on an act for the public and who Does does all this other funny baloney stuff? I don't see any need for that I think we just go why can't people in the media just go on the ear and speak like real people? I wonder if I should hear that would be hey listen before I was born again or whatever I mean I cost like a sailor yeah, I mean a big time and that's where I grew up I placed football What is what is the word or again? Have to do with the way you spoke what more do you you see because when you become born again You know you don't want to start speaking like that and actually it's really it's a turnoff from you I mean I don't know here that's like oh geez, the least but I mean Whatever What did you just say geez? Yeah, you know Jesus oh Jesus Christ did you say that no, no, what did you do? This guy said he said Jesus Christ don't say that again No, no, I didn't I think you did you say you started Jesus Louise that was a good year Jesus of the J But yeah, I'm listening to you so what's the matter? I'm not calling them to say don't say I understand we're just having a little discussion here I'm just trying to figure you up Exactly, but as always trying to figure me out. I'm trying to figure you up We'll be in it to be in the native and you really truly I haven't got any idea Okay, or You don't believe any any of that stuff about the Bible or the Bible is ridiculous it's silly Trapperton by a bunch of barbaric primitive idiotic dumb people by men It was a book written by men for men and by primitive people. You know I love your show But you got to remember Overweight and being the native is there's no way to go through life Oh here we go here's a good Christian You just get my Bible out here's a good Christian who's taken shots in me that I'm overweight that makes me better Are there any overweight Christians? Oh, there's a tunnel. Well, why is that? Are there any gay Christians? Probably a million so so what are you talking about your talk? You're telling me how I should go through life? No, no, I was trying to get you out of here. That's the difference between no I don't think so I think that that's the difference between so-called born again people and the rest of us who are like Living a lot live kind of people. I don't care how you go through life. It's my philosophy life is do no harm. That's it I I Was no harm That's all I'm saying We're gonna we're just trying to be funny and it wasn't funny so hey god bless you Oh, I knew and have a great have a good day and happy for you Sean Okay There's another board again guy with a bad sense of humor. He was a lot funny right here until before he became bored again God damn it. I got my Bible out here. What do I grab on a floor? Oh, but I've not been something from my from your prayer book here that your crazy accountant David gave you he didn't give me that Who gave this to him? No coming What do you mean by that? What does that mean? Who gave it to you some Jew that were not supposed to know about? Okay, okay, are you listening crystal some Jew that were not supposed to know about gave Georgia prayer books? And I hope that he read it after whatever they did It's a 157 at 5.50 WKOM when you're looking at me You're shuttered out well you punch back Man, I mean real garbosh, but there's no I must you want to go fly alatite They give you great food. I'm sure that most of the major European Airlines You know the real hotseat hotseat ones they give you good food Two open lines in the date county. How about that city board airline anybody fly? We had a few calls on that back when they were sponsored briefly because I talked about them. Remember that city turret bird That flies everything through Brussels See that's the only thing about them. They fly at such Inconvenient times and they get there and wherever you have to wind up going from there by trainer by plane You get there and waste the whole day, but supposedly it's a very good airline and allegedly they give you a pretty decent food We'll find out 567 He's from my from Conrest he's got his hair down this like Hitler all he's his little mustache Here's a mobile and kill our go hello Mobile and kill our go hey, yes sir first time call or Craig Craig. Yep. You say Fighting in the grandstands. You don't see any that the wind's been cups them. Yeah And they do a lot of drinking Well, they're too busy their heads keep the bother around and rather heads you're like like Linda Blair's been them. Okay Thanks a lot Craig. We have an open line and day. He's a good old boy and one in Broward 567560 maybe it's not red next that are fighting at the ball games. Maybe it's New Yorkers What a concept because the guy that called before was talking about the metz and the Yankees games Which I can imagine there's a lot of hatred there. I know that they've interlinked play and they play each other There's like all kinds of contra times going up there in the stands because they're New Yorkers They got an attitude maybe they're hostile and pissed off So maybe I'm playing with a good old boys and of course up north you go up north like to East Lansing or the Anah We're Michigan. There's no red next up there are there. No way all those good old boys from a wassel Michigan They're not red next are they? Here's Miami. Hello Miami Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I don't understand these Republicans. He's right when Republicans up there and then they're concerned about the morality of the country When they're leaking all kinds of things about the president getting a little bit ahead and putting it on an internet right and Just just putting it now they want the tape to come out I got I got it has nothing to do with morality It's strictly partisan politics and of course in the last 15 20 years the right wing lunatics They decided to take over one of the major political parties and had a great success doing it and so they they hide everything That they do out of the guys of morality and religion and they're just a bunch of partisan political assholes hiding what they're doing With an agenda They can't hide anymore people anybody with enough brains can see what these people are about You know when you start they preach them morality preach them rally you've spoon it stuff all over the TV He's spewing it all over the internet right right right They're about right I mean they they shoot themselves And you know somebody made a good point yesterday what was legal experts on CNN that is if you go and testify I go before a grand jury and testify that testimony is secret it's confidential the idea that he put the testimony on tape And then now they should show the tape on Worldwide television so to embarrass and show that he had a red face and got flustered and pissed off The only purpose to do that it's not gonna illuminate anybody all it's gonna do is to another attempt to embarrass and humiliate and Degrade him and force the public to have a lower attitude in which I don't think it's gonna work I don't think it's gonna work. I think it's an American. I think it's not patriotic to do this to the president And it's just it's ridiculous it's ridiculous it shows you what this party is all about and I'm gonna Dependent but I vote for Clinton and I tell you what I would never be a Republican I used to think Republicans but the anti-emma grant their anti worker the anti-human the anti women the Anti any minority you can think of there are a bunch of elite snobbs who an hour hiding There were a whole agenda under the guys of the religious righteous goody two shoes Would just look about look back at the right the when they had their convention and look back at When when this guy from the Christian coalition came out and now get whole and power was speaking Would you remember the hat that the guy had on? Oh, yeah, it was a rebel flag God say right a Christian. Yeah What do I watch that flash stand for okay get your passport? Yeah, okay. We have two open lines in day five six seven. Oh five sixty palm five sixty on a mobile one line We got a one party country in a very weak party at that and then the other party a bunch of religious nuts That's about me. Although I will say this it gave me it made me feel a lot better about life Watching that thing in the US Senate yesterday that debate about the National Endowment for the Arts and Lausy hundred million dollars a year the Congress gives them now, which is half of what it used to be And the same old tired right wing arguments again about all these immoral plays that they're subsidizing and about the promoting homosexuality And all this twisted art this which is really pornography here to say mausels that just put this pornographic report on the internet for the whole world of see and Not something that's art but something that's a you know a a an account of a real-life Sexual encounter and a bunch of them That was okay, but if somebody does something in the name of art that they don't approve of well, we don't want to be funding that And after John Ashcroft that Nazi from Missouri got done with his pontificating since it was his amendment and They turned it down 74 to 26 there in the US Senate including many Republicans with an IQ larger than their toenail who voted against it And I thought boy that's not even close. I mean it was no contest just one after another after I'll just say hey get lost screw you And who was it that made the most eloquent speech by the way on behalf of the keeping the funding for the NEA? I'll give you 400 guesses fat the Democrat from Massachusetts How many fat democratic senators are there from Massachusetts? Teddy yes Ted Kennedy And let me say this to you too, which will get the right wingers out there really the or that can be effective as president as of today 58% say yes 39% say no So that's another piece of propaganda that these right wing assholes and these media assholes. Oh, well, he's lost his effectiveness. He can't be a leader anymore Is anybody believe that? No, bunch of idiots Was that starting to say about that? Oh, yeah, here's the greatest the most effective senator in fact There were one Kennedy where they were doing that thing with the Irish group there at the White House long couple nights ago And Clinton made the comment and he was absolutely correct. Here's a guy when he when he's finished there in a Senate Whatever the hell of time comes he will have accomplished more and done more good in that body and I you know I mean if you're a right winger, you're not gonna agree, but that's too bad Then any other senator in the history of the country here's a guy did the house that Mary Ellen and my I would marry Joe Capac Compact me doing huh anybody see her lately. Oh, she died she died And how many how much screw in around were they doing huh Including the Gantz and Mishpoh the whole family Bobby Kennedy who I read I read in one of those tabloids He was doing he was having a furs with women and with men How do you like that he was an equal opportunity school around her? Because the Kennedy family believes in non-discrimination okay in other words if you're already to all know the winner Bible here because they born again guy got me all whipped up into a frenzy and all already for religion Not I noticed you're a Jewish accountant David and scrubbed this in a front it says on the occasion of being be born a two-year-old Oh my Mine is he out of his mind. Oh, yeah, we know that This he we need do that stuff. Does he do the thing with it to fill in on every morning? Oh Look far be it for me to make fun of anybody else's religious Practices how can you respect a person like that Why I do Because he's your accountant because he's a damn good accountant and he got the budget separating that how can you respect him as a thinking Functioning human being knowing that he's participating in these idiotic Ancient stupid ritual that's crazier than speaking in tongues than that delusional bunch of crap I'm not saying that the crazy and wrestling with snakes and speaking in tongues, but just it's how about that self-flagulation thing that they do Wow the wailing wall that looks to know that the Jews do that to the Orthodoxy they're crazy That's a wailing wall they go there and they like a flagulate themselves so to speak well That's why they were the tallest it covers up a lot But you know something I noticed you don't have to remember I went to a couple of weeks away Did that thing on a second page of Genesis to show how ridiculous and how this was written by provenance Stupid people who didn't understand the universe that they lived in much less anything else and God made two great lights Light to rule the day and less like to rule the night and the stars and the stars kind of like an act of thought Well the stars I mean you know the moon and the stars wouldn't have had all those great songs if we didn't have the stars So right there it shows you the kind of intellect that the people the And the ancient men who wrote his crafts that they had But you don't have to go that far you don't even have to go to the very first word of chapter one because a Bob chapter one in the book of Genesis In the Old Testament it says section one now I'm gonna spell for you how berace sheet is spelled Okay, thank you Chuck for my great lunch It is spelled B R E Those old Jews Wherever they are somewhere up there in heaven with the angels playing those harps anybody better learn to play the harp before we go to heaven All you goody two shoe pies pasties out there if you can't play the harp you're not gonna fit in and heaven I don't want to harp on it Here's a Hollywood hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing great? Hey no more facts for Clinton. He now plays the harmonica. Yeah, not bad. Hey You know you know what's heard me off about Clinton is When he went with with when sir, I heat it up you you are not gonna believe I just looked in my lunch I just opened up the little sack. You'll suckle and there's a napkin on here You are not going to believe what this says. Are you gripping on your chair tight? Yeah, you better squeeze it real quick. It says made by Nisi dolphin tickets wanted Can you believe this? Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. I'm speechless Somebody wants you dolphin ticket, sir. I don't have any dolphin tickets Like it's really this all of a sudden Fucking bitch. I don't have a chance. Sorry. Yeah, what turned me off the fire was he went to that Religious breakfast and he started talking and everybody's religion like it he when he was talking about the Jews He put on those gold You know trim glasses and he he was looking like a Jew. You know talking that I mean the guys an Actin man. I mean yeah, well, that's what you got to be who an ally. I mean we had a professional actor in there for eight years Yeah, I remember what all of that was Now this guy's good. I mean he put on a I was studying for a foreign did you see it? Oh, I was like man this guy is really kicking some at you just wait when he Oscars come up Forget about all those other glam this guy's gonna be number one. He's gonna win four Oscars for that Have a great day amigo. Okay We have an open line in pork in here. Can you believe that you must have already peaked did you already see that neck and Did she did she write that or did you write that you wrote yeah, that's my hands right it's first it is That looks like does that look like Georgia's handwriting Nisi wouldn't put that in there I mean what an arrogant thing to put in there like here's your free lunch from Chuck who owns the join and loves you guys And you've done all this to bring us a lot more business and start stuff is so great which it is But in the meantime Dolphin tickets to this is a Quick letter to Senator Graham and Connie Mac And I thought this hit it right the nail on the head. I'm running to urge to you Gerrit you do whatever you can to stop this disgusting public commentary and constant rehashing a bill Clinton's private Tekodillos You're close. Yes, exactly undoubtedly what the man did was reprehensible, but it wasn't big words private and I feel his denial Up in the lucid affair was more than understand of no was irreparable because you put the cigar in his mouth after she put it in her Submy god. Yeah, it was human. You know Home on us whether a private or public figure would answer such a question is quote Are you having a fair with so and so with the fourth right? Yes, this is a matter of fact I am it is ludicrous to imagine any same person married or unmarried Something like exactly it is completely understandable and forgivable Enough already this matter is a private one I don't care to know what went on between him and the other person I think it's disgusting that the media thinks this falls in the category of the public right to know The true fact is that the media knows Solatiousness sells That's up he's got up by the public because gossip is only titillating to bits about some well-known persons private life Nobody cares whether it is true or not All this garbage about lying to the American people is pretty good What if you would have been paying attention George? He said he wrote this letter to Senator Graham and Senator Connie Maco baseball fan that right wing fashist pig from the west coast Kanye Mac Rams with smack go ahead sir George has nit thinking like like all of a sudden he discovered you were reading like he's you know illuminating me There's one mate my lunch and let this guy read That's Congress is it is All this garbage by lying to the American people is pretty fun in coming from the mouths media types and politicians All of these factions lie to the American people all the time These people tell us what they think we want to hear my life was progressing very nicely without knowing what Bill Clinton does below the waste I don't want to know all that concerns Well Clinton is what kind of a job he is doing in the post I elected him to just concerns me the fact is yes He is my opinion did he lie under all about a completely private matter? Sure he did and so what I and I'll bet you with you Unfortunately the American viewpoint is completely perokio and very very insular coming from supposedly a great role power You like this Neil the Europeans are having a blast laughing at us They no one understand that one sex life is private No matter how public your life is when you're private sex life begins to affect the confidence with which you do your public job Then you're against want to know about it, but not before They don't expect private perfection from public officials the only spec that he is flashy to a good job And you elected post you know foreigners to become American citizens are non-prust when they see a question on the citizenship application like quote Have you ever committed adultery? They'll happen self-sily and incidentally they freely confess and in answering this question they lied Not because they're all adulterous, but at the night of a tea of eating posing such a question That's a lot of nobody. Oh my god One on this tie rate. I can't tell you how despicable I perceived the actions of ten star to be That our government has wasted millions and millions of dollars on this investigation and wasn't it supposed to be about What is more than as how many more pages? It's almost almost as close as report one of the government's jobs is to Oblip the people while it defends and protects them what can possibly be uplisting and selling boxes and boxes with the The other fair like this one Stupid is what it was stupid for the girl to throw herself at a man in public office Stupid for the man in public office to take advantage of the girls stupidity There is no way to defend what either of them did Newt an argument would have less affairs if unmarried and sometimes married females who stopped throwing themselves at them Every comment I've heard from coworkers I have two jobs and run a small home-based business the associates and friends reflects all of the above I've yet to hear anyone say Clinton should be impeached. I speak to a lot of Democrats too. How many more pages? Five more sentences. Okay, let's put this tottery matter behind us stop focusing on me George mind your own business What? Reveal upon your colleagues in the government to forget and forgive Are as opposed to be a Christian based government and isn't one of the basic cannons of Christian Christianity forgiveness? Let's sell the goodness of the American people by getting the zombies by refusing to concentrate on the table and concentrating positively on the good Remember we know Bill Clinton had works when we elected him twice he has words gentle words Mm-hmm and despite Jennifer flowers and Paula Jones Which hasn't because we realized his private life and public performance are two different things There's more one please keep all of it at Bob and mine whenever you hear the word Oh, great. Actually, I'm very Thank you so much. Thank you for helping me for my okay, so was long and ponderous and very very terminal But he said it the way he was right it was terminal and I apologize, but I mean my lunch here, okay Christ all mighty life is more than just entertaining the audience We have an open line in Broward Where Shakespeare just hung up at fine. He that was a good that was a good letter I mean of course he wrote it to Connie Mac and Bob Graham It is another Spindless Wimp Bob Graham although he at least voted to keep the funding for the National Endowment for the Arts nice calling Bobby You Spindless piece of crap. He's such a turd The idea that we have a good politician here in the state of Florida last good governor that the state had was liberal at Collins And that was back in about 100 years ago There was a guy an actual liberal governor the state of Florida leeward Collins baby about 600 years ago when Joe Collins was playing first base for the Yankees It's 26 after noon at five feet GLRog time On partisan crap really lasted long time didn't it lasted about five minutes? Oh, that's right. We want to be fair We want to make sure that our responses measure we study all of the evidence and you've got a beat But above but in the meantime the Republicans want to release these the video tape I just tested motor the grand jury because they want to show it beyond her shadow about oh yeah He purged himself. He lied. He got rid of the face. It was embarrassed and here's all these growth See this is just more pornography Because when I show you the video tape you're also gonna be hearing Ken Star and the other attorneys asking these embarrassing questions about all the intimate sexual detail So it didn't work in print, but maybe if they can put an audio and a verbal account of the same stuff on there Maybe that might get to the public you think so. Oh, but that's what they're trying because they're so impartial and because they want to fear assessment of all this information not Man anybody So stator no matter what you think you may think he's the biggest pervert or you may be psychotic and think you ought to be in pitch whatever But any but he who believes that his entire investigation and all this the way it's being handled now is non-partisan and Just a political witch hunt man you're dreaming you're in Lala land And I am it's gonna blow up in your faces. I'm telling you right now because instead of giving it due time to at least put on the Pretense of deliberating about this stuff and at least pretending to be fair There is none of that. They're just salivating foaming it them off because they're all bad Outership that the polls they're not getting the public reaction that they wanted Swally's right when you strategist. That's the new deal about oh, what are we gonna do now? Maybe we can show him naked Maybe we can show his little tiny penis or something like that Maybe we can get that soggy cigar out of my uh, I guess Monica's mom's probably hanging on to that too, right? Oh, she's doing something with it Like my mother said he's gone bag. I just go on mom Oh, poor saying Lucy's back hello Port saying Lucy I told him not to this again and what did he say? Oh, who will you? Uh, okay Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in priority 560 and Pond 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, I am Meal. Yes, hey Are you doing buddy? Okay, buddy? Uh, you You He looks the same time I mean Or do you take a break? I mean my lunch right now as you speak Everyday right now as you speak But you do that everything whenever I feel like whenever I feel like eating lunch what can we do for you today sir? Hey You I'm totally against the autographs I'm who the whole wants to autograph from me You thank you. Okay. We have an open line in date. He's against the autographs mark that down. You got it down. Oh, okay. Good Open line in date county. But that's almost as good as the guy called from Orlando a few days ago Who wanted to do a thing about a softwater radio trivia after I went to the in fact that was on last night's a whammy show Remember that? Right out of the box this idiot from out of a you people up there in Orlando We're delighted that you're listening through all the static and that you like to show whatever else But we don't want to hear from you. Okay, because you got nothing to say you're over in a real radio That's more your style. That's more up your alley. Maybe you can you look with Mr. Radio Here's a mobile in the high allia. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I've been taking in all this information with Bill and everything And so be it in yes and try to understand it so a couple days ago I cracked open a can of bumblebee tune and put it in my humor door And I looted up just real middle and you know what it tastes pretty good. Uh-huh. There you go. Well, we turn it man into humor door and I think it can really under what's going on Okay, thank you. Thanks for the good news That's right. In fact, maybe nicks is going to start making those tuna flavored jobs, huh? Those tuna flavored in men's shows those big mmm. Oh, it's not so far from what you think it is. It's that tuna Can you believe that my mother actually sent him a oh, yeah, they say he put his cigar and heard and then he put it in his mouth. What a scumbag Yeah, whatever. Ma and it was oral sex. Oh my god She was Jewish and it was all sex Most guys if they heard it was oral sex, they'd say a ride here's Miami Beach hello Hey, Neil yes, sir This is how you avoid that that crap airline food. Yeah, what my mom used to do when we were when I was younger I said I don't fly that much and this was with the Eastern, but I think I think it's kind of the same on on most the airline We used to get a kosher meal and they would use other people would be staring at us like you wanted I wonder if I what if I wore my Yamoka and also got a kosher meal well. I love the Yamoka It's awesome, but no, but but certainly because like these other people would be getting baloney sandwiches And they brought me out this thing of hot brisket and if I still remember it like 12 years later That's good at his good. I sure I was my brisket. Yeah, like 10 years old and I still remember this like 13 years later I mean it was pretty good I don't know what you know what I so tried maybe getting a kosher meal. Anyways, you know what you need like a new sound on your sound boy I got one for you. Yeah, it doesn't have to be me. It could be anybody. Okay, for first Spanish people you ready? Yeah, you're going to my mom step on it. Both of them. That's what you give them. Okay, see you. What do you say? Your mother works combat. Yeah, he said your mama You mama said that the president's a scumbag is that right? Did we get that correctly? Oh my god, Millie, what are we going to do with her? No, I'm for camp. Open line in date county 560 70 560 p.m. 60 on the most prestigious mobile one line. We got Hank Goldberg from Shola State to come up and do a clock today Thanks a great guy, but I'm going to tell you a wrong yesterday. Sammy so sub broke the existing record. He didn't break the new record But he broke the existing record. That's what he were both. That was the target. That's what everybody's been talking about on your long It just pains me that nobody wants to give this guy credit. Okay, so he's a dark dark Schwarzier from the Republican, like whatever the Republican the Dominican whatever it is. That's what it is. Oh, that's why we don't like him. He's Republican. Screw you, Sammy. No, he's not. I guarantee all those people from all Republican in many kind of there is big Democrats aren't they? They're like at least 10. Not that we don't like Republicans. We just that fact. Let me say it again 74 to 26 in the Senate yesterday God, I felt like it was actually some hope Because that John Ashcroft that fascist lunatic from Missouri joined by and you know you know who voted it? I couldn't believe it. Strom Thurman voted against him. We cut off funding for the NEA. I couldn't believe that. He must just be confused. You know When you get over 110 you start getting like kind of why is it? Yeah, no, well, what is it? 560 Q 8 L Still, it's pretty. Stop right here I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there. Oh my god Well, well, well, I can't fell in the weather Oh, push push push, boy, get a kid, get a kid, like that fell in the weather I got on a ladder and that climbed up to my pit I saw an interview that my pussy was soaking wet Well, well, well, not a cat's feeling the weather Oh, push push push, boy, get a kid, get a kid, like that fell in the weather But I'm on a whole pile of poop. Why she pushed, she didn't see it But now I want to keep half that's pretty, it's pussy that fell in the weather That ever was a pussy that could quite compare with her Pretty as a picture with her long and so different Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the weather Oh, push push push, boy, get a kid, get a kid, like that fell in the weather If you have a pussy that you wouldn't straight or sell Never let her wander or she might fall in the weather Well, well, well, my cat fell in the weather Oh, push push, boy, get a kid, get a kid, like that fell in the weather Oh, well, it's a 16 to 1 at 5.60 KU. I'm here's a couple of good passes I don't know how good this one is And maybe it's accurate, it's from Jerry from Hollywood So Jimmy Nelson was the ventriloquist for a powerful, not Paul Winshal Did we say it was Paul Winshal? We said Paul Winshal had Jerry Mahoney And Nucklehead the Shorts And thank you Jerry, it's a, so we've had Dennis Day, Doris Day, Danny O Day Who was the one that did undercover angel who did that song? Undercover Angel by, I like that song, it was a real bubble gum novelty Undercover Angel by Danny O did not Danny O Day Somebody, come on, let's go, somebody sounded like Danny Osmond Remember heard of Jimmy Nelson, but we'll take you word for it Jerry from Hollywood To one of our other puppet people calls him, we've got millions of moth there We've been, oh man, it's the attack of the puppet people Oh, look out for them They are dangerous Wasn't it Danny O Day who did, I'm not going to go back and look at the book It'll knock my schmoth off and I'm not finished with lunch Here's another one home run awards, so this is great Thank you whoever sent this facts Mark McGuire gets a 1962 Corvette Sammy Sosa gets a 62-buick elector A tote out of somebody's backyard McGuire gets Roger Maris's bat Sammy gets Paulins demitas glass collection McGuire gets a trip to Disney the antland Sammy Slamon Sammy gets a trip to Jim's alligator zoo Oh, he goes to the gators, all right Mark McGuire trip to the Hall of Fame Sammy Sosa gets a trip to the U Hall of Fame Mark McGuire gets a biography on A&E Slamon Sammy gets a cameo on South Park Mark McGuire gets a contract with Budweiser Sammy a contract with Tussie Harris Drainer and Mark McGuire gets a 70-its-soni HD TV While Sammy gets a 51-inch months Nice going sir Very well said But there's no racism involved in there There's no preferential treatment begin And last night to prove beyond her shadow about Because there's so stupid all of a sudden San Diego they show up for those special balls for Sammy With those special iridescent markings on them Those Illuminacent whatever they are I'll know today As you see I was close Got a myad genius you think so Well, Alan O'Day with undercover range Remember that song? Yeah, I was kind of like, you know, bubble gumbo to rescue Here's Miami hello Miami Good afternoon Yes sir Great Are you last night to the first time? Yeah You're waiting to head to a burn up in date Why is that? Because I saw you Oh okay Anyway that's not what I call But you don't have a nails and meter hooked up to your affair No wife your dough, dad And I don't want one Good Anyway listen, we're going to ask you You know besides the fact that this is not what I would You know bring up but Thank God you are on right now Because every other station that has any kind of Someone's a talk Yeah I mean they are ripping Clip and so badly Really Oh God yeah All those sanctimonious hypocritical asshole Yeah, I'm telling those all of those Mm-hmm And I'm telling you I just I said that These people here are treason as bastards Yeah Anyway, I've got to understand that they're all bunch of right Wingers to begin with so there's no credibility there And I'll admit I'm a lifelong liberal but I was never a big bubble Fan But I mean this business about sex and covering it up and lying about it I mean first of all it wasn't a base business in a first place And it's not relevant to anything in the national interest And that's the only thing that should be In fact the interesting are the stories are changing from these media hypocritical Modules now all these experts on there In the first couple days they were saying Well the real question that this should be Is he competent to lead the country Can he still function as president Yeah, I'm overwhelming majority of people are saying yes But now they're no longer doing that because that's that They didn't like to response to that so now they keep changing the story Of course But what I did call you ever about is that I was listening to Some other stations Spaniola And you can imagine what's what they're doing So though this is what your friend here lives Paul Maveta And she had a big thing on the The spies The Cuban spy Oh, yeah, I'm sure you do at least five six months on that Well here's the thing somebody turned or something like that because she was mentioning something about Cuban strategies from the island And the people are saying no, no, no that was for fool Trying to get more publicity and money He's the one to turn these people in Mm-hmm And they're turning themselves around on the lift now Well, I hope they have a good time with each other Okay, because I couldn't give a crap loss. Okay, have a great day Okay, okay If I never heard the word Cuba again, it would be too soon Oh, you can't say that. Well, I just did say it I'm not interested in Cuba I'm not interested in Israel. I'm not interested in any of that stuff, okay? I'm not going to Cuba. I'm not going to Israel I'm not interested in Ireland Including Patricia Ireland that bulled like from now I'm not interested in those things All these countries all over the world where people up you know the one thing and you can open up your ear and they're all going I'm not interested in Ireland The nautical, you know And I do feel sorry for those poorer bastards down there in Cuba The ones that haven't got two pesos to rub together Because they were left behind because they're skin color with two darker whatever George was saying before What you say man? That wasn't why that's what happened Yeah, that's what happened. That wasn't money Huh? They were very happy to see because they weren't part of the ruling class That wasn't the privilege of the pizons That's what it was talking about the door house Right And then they got on there and Castro has brainwashed them successfully for 38 years And period in mind about it, but oh, he looks pretty healthy to me unfortunately Because I wish quite frankly he would croak like in two seconds a wicked nasty or at least good bloody diarrhea Like Roy Foster something oozing a grotesque So we could get on with life because I wouldn't you love wouldn't everybody who's fair minded love to see the test Like all of a sudden we wake up tomorrow Oh, hey Castro croaked overnight and they have bad cup of tea like the Pope, you know they give them a bad cup of tea and they died in the sleep And All of a sudden it wasn't his brother. We have like a gonna have free elections in Cuba We're gonna have democracy there, which of course nobody there ever heard of that. We're gonna have democracy Now who'd be? Now let's see, no, but now let's see how fast the boats go pouring out and here, okay The planes oh my god, they're gonna be you Is how do you think hurricane evacuation forms long lines? They're gonna be lined up. You won't be able to get near the airports. You're not gonna be able to get near the port of Miami But these people are all American citizens now Hey, don't confuse us with a fact, okay I think the test should be how many people are waiting to go back that are all screaming and yelling about this stuff for last 30 some on years Hock on a China with us just like how many of the Jews for over here how many of these Jews ran off the Israel not to mention my father five thousand times Because it was so great over there and then came running back here with a tail between their legs Because they didn't want to look like a bunch of slippers over there We have meat like once every six weeks maybe if you know, maybe if the rabbi says it's okay if he bluses it and the meat too Surrounded by mortal enemies on all side of there's a word for that. You know what's called massacist Man, that's what it's all about Here's a Hollywood hello Hollywood Yes, sir, speak to me. Oh, I'm on line That's something my mouth That's okay me too. Well don't let the watergate people find me white water people whatever What you were talking about like you but my problem is I'm a Republican you have a problem. Yeah, I do now Huh, I voted for Reagan. I voted for Bush. I voted for though. Yes. Oh, you were the one Yeah, I was the one who took the fool and now the light is coming to my eye. Yeah, thank God That I'm not gonna fuck this ticket anymore You know this person we have Quinn he's been in six years from the day one Republican party has been fucking him right all along walking here and then not allowing him to push for any Legislation he wants to just pushing through what they want their favorite things and now we get this idiot Jet bush is gonna run here and fuck God That's right never been a dog catcher never had any elected office any kind of off things. He's gonna be the top man in the state Yeah, I mean this doesn't make sense. I spoke to this man on a one day sister at a dinner about six months ago This guy is a total idiot. He could not answer questions that I were putting to them. You know, what are you gonna do about HMOs? You know, not the only you know about HOMOs HOMOs those are one's he cares about Yeah, he hates the HOMO. I'm about to set us all the camp. Yes. Yeah, but this this trip this party I'm gonna go down and register as a Democrat. I'm gonna call the public and party of column. What I'm doing and why I'm doing it That my family's been Republican I've been Republican, you know, you just follow the lead of your family father And I feel like I'm sold out for this party God bless you sir Well, he said he's going on there do it right now. Can't be for you. Another one is because then Jet bush will come and put your ass in jail for saying that in mind too Okay, we have an open line in Broward 560 560 and HOM560 on a mobile one line Yeah, I think it's gonna backpire. It's only the 16th to September and they were asking this morning You know, they had these primary elections around a country last night anybody care about that. No Bye bye Geraldine nice knowing issues out But they were asking if there are any indications of any backlash against the president and the soul and backends starbuses and they said No, the only thing they did see was a light turnout and That's the one thing come to a favor. They're they were Republicans are counting on that because light turnout always favors the Republicans Because it's the old parts and the people with a lot of money and special interest They're the ones that go out there. You are good Christians who are like fanatical and really driven But I think that by the time November third comes around and especially if they get this I I hope they do get this video tape released Because I think that's gonna blow up and they're post even bigger than the star report on Friday Because they are doing everything to humiliate and demean and embarrass and degrade not just the Clinton But the office of the presidency. I mean based on what they're trying to do the president has gotten no privacy He's gotten none of the rights in anybody else do and I say well, you know the president's not about the law Well, how about at least at the level of the law? Does he deserve the same consideration as Joe Smith down the street Goes and testify in front of a grand jury and before he's back his asses back in the way in the other row in the overall office Already they're leaking it leaking it all these illegal leaks. How come nobody is talking about that? What if you if you watch enough of this crap if you have a strong stomach maybe once a day somebody might make reference to that They'll allude to the fact that all these illegal leaks are going on and how come nobody's doing anything about that? Can start the great leak myster Who assured us months ago that oh no he was not instructing these then he's gonna deliver this stuff at no more leaks Remember though You gotta bring the prior Parker and the who genio Martin is and all those other group balls back Because we got a bunch of holes to leak the leaks here the patch up Everything in their part and To manipulate and twist public opinion and drive this man from office and it weren't politically motivated none of this would be going on none and you end none Zippity do do that. I you've got to be a moron not to understand that no matter what you're opinion to build Clinton There's no matter what your politics are if they really were doing this on the up and up If there was any attempt to be fair-minded and if Ken Star were impartial, which is a real hysterical joke Then there wouldn't be leaking In fact that little forppy David Kendall a president's attorney said they're on Friday the reason we were able to put out that 75 paid rebuttal For 175 but everything hello was before the report came out into a clock is because there were so many leaks by Mr. Starin his office That they basically had an idea what the essence of the report was already anyhow Because they're leaking and leaking and leaking they're doing illegal wire tapping Of people's telephones in this case so Monica Lewinsky But that's okay illegal recording illegal everything else, but they can break all the laws They want nobody supposed to talk about this I was supposed to talk about is that the president's a horny guy is if we didn't already know that and he likes to lie He likes to cover up his sexual escapade like that's something he just invented Wake up America baby reports too late before a bunch of our visitor right wing Graham take over the whole goddamn country And what this guy just said before about Jim Bush being a lightweight. That's a compliment. That's an understatement What Jim Bush knows about government about running this state about anything about politics You could stick an a symbol and have room for the gods a much pocket for the whole bush family left over in there But oh yeah, well, you know, and then we got people like Ron silver up there and proud You know something they ought to send you to camp okay Ron silver you jackass You ought to be ashamed of yourself Liberal Democrat and will he Logan oh yeah, what were supporting Bush because we're pissed off. Well, isn't that great? You'd be one of the first ones he sends off the camp. Okay, you jackass you idiot you Shame on you I Don't know when he'll run silver's coming up a reflection, but I hold out guarantee that when it is Everybody every Yid and everybody else to the you're a left of a till of the hunt is gonna make sure his ass is out of there because payback is a bit you idiot Profit The Neil Rogers should water down. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours So anyway, Georgian I just came up we put our heads together came up with a sensational idea Those are people out there that can afford rolling papers anymore Well, they all Really And those are the also are hidden ideas back and nobody but all that book crap in the Bible You can use each page is a rolling paper and then you can be a holy roller sounds good to me That's how I'm at As a matter of fact you can take that first page of Genesis I was talking about before and you can roll up and take a couple of hits and say man That's really good very sheet Huh or however you want to pronounce it All right nice going guys Yeah, let's start rolling to always got the good stuff Well, that's right off we're in the middle of little Jamaica baby. Oh, they got the good the race sheet right around here So they just had this thing on which I'm very disturbed that somebody's a weakening Democrats now Well, maybe it'd be better for the country if by the president resigned if he stepped down You know, this is gonna be you know, and I said before you know We got one half of a party in his country that Democrats who are like watered down got less spymeless most of them Cowering a shaken in their boots hypocrites and then you got to course the driven by the right-wing fundamentalist of Republican party Which the rest of them can be found because they're too busy like new the new mice they're covered up their own pecker dealers You can forget about politics in this country because basically we don't have it anymore. We got almost anarchy Where we going to Miami? Hello Hey, Neo how you doing okay, sir. Hey, I'll even got a quick question for you I got a crazy sister in war who's just obsessed to religion. She was able to come very even my brother now You had you talked about a book a few months ago. Yeah, what was the name of the book? You got this crazy priest and all the business of religion. I want to end it up to her Look at it called farewell to God by Charles Temple didn't I give you a phone number in your order advice It's a written on a Canadian publisher to get by it here in his country because of early we exercise Huh you can even bite into the country no Unbelievable, we're just so sick of it. I want to thank you personally for Basically just my opening eye opening the eyes of the people that are them female What a crazy Crunker crap people just obsessed with religions that can Because they've been brainwashed anywhere and you bring somebody from the time they were a little kid until you know the time that they are old enough to figure things out for themselves. It's a very rare breed It's just amazing because I have a great day, pal. They're calling you they're calling you the abode We have an open line of Broward 560 70560 so it anyway. Very well. The God by Charles Temple and the phone number is 905 713 3852 if you want to order that book It's on what's the name of the publisher MNS books But for some strange reason we can't find farewell to God in America Why is that this is a guy who used to be good buddies with a Billy Graham and grew up with him? And was a minister for many many many years until he finally saw was all a bunch of bullcrap and he puts it out here He lays it out for you very simple to understand there's nothing pseudo intellectual in here It doesn't take a biblical scholar doesn't take a genius a rocket scientist to read that book and be able to dispel all of this garbage these myths These bubble myses This beret sheet Here's my me hello Why the waiting for love Yeah, why do you wait 30 minutes to say that that's a good question? We have an open because he had nothing to say probably is the answer open line in day five six seven Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t line call us back when you do have one of your testicles descends. Okay, guilty That was gully junior 69 Yeah, baby you melt my jockey shorts There's and we have the media extravaganza over bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky I made discussions of seamen stained dresses and teemuses with distinguishing features Public opinion polls indicate that most Americans feel that the president sex life not only while in office, but in the office is his own business This idea of privacy is a kinder gentler. Head of a sexual don't ask don't tell we may not necessarily approve of what you do But if done in private it's your own business Yet for the past half century mainstream American culture particularly after these seismographic social eruptions of the sexual revolution has been caught in the middle of an uneasy Truth between a desire for the illusionary traditional safe moral order of the past and the innate human and think for increased personal and sexual freedom This is the conflict in which William Jefferson Clinton and Monica Lewinsky have become featured performers at First glance gay men and lesbians might seem to have no special take on a scandal one can't imagine a more typical and Taudry heterosexual situation override even for Jackie Collins yet there are striking reasons why gay people might have Sailing insights into this complicated and emotionally confusing narrative the most primary being that the drama surrounding Clinton and Lewinsky There's a remarkable resemblance to the position of gay people in the US culture today And New York City's first gay pride march a lesbian held a placard reading we are your worst fear We are your best fantasy Justice homosexuality has come to symbolize for many heterosexuals a scary break from traditional morality as well as new invigorating prospects of personal freedom The Clinton Lewinsky scandal has elicit and similarly conflicted our responses That the president may have engaged in an adult of a sexual relationship with a younger woman or that the young woman happily agreed to have sex with a married leader of the free world Our clearly violations are accepted social and moral teaching Yet at the same time many Americans often shaping under a mandated sexual morality that only half of them accept Can understand that there's iron impulse to act in similar ways That is why mainstream culture is simultaneously upset mesmerized and confused by the impoleal gay people However surely know what it's like to have their sexual lives and activities the focus of so much emotional Transference But there are other aspects of the Clinton Lewinsky story that resonate with gay people We are constantly told that rights of privacy will protect us from oppression yet we have all experienced how fragile that protection is Privacy for sexual activity or simply being gave often affords little immunity from persecution asked Michael Hardwick Ask Sharon bottoms ask Monica Lewinsky gay people also have an extraordinarily extraordinarily clear insight in the how sexual activity can be the excuse although hardly ever the reason for which hunts And despite their protestations the political right and special prosecutor Kenneth Star have a clear political agenda Impressing this investigation and as with most which hunts the constant stir-men drying of the media who plot functions as a contemporary incarnation of ancient Rome's bread and circuses Concealing far more important issues like crime foreign policy a failing social security system But perhaps the most important at a time in which AIDS is still ever president gay people's lives The more than 40 million dollar spent so far on stars investigation into the possible sexual Valiances is a symbol of the sheer waste and misappropriation of taxpayers money that occurs time and again How much AIDS education could be funded how many needle exchange programs could be instituted? How many people with AIDS without these health insurance could be given proteins inhibitors with this money? The real scandal is not what Clinton Lewinsky may or may not have done in the awful office, but how completely misguided and terribly harmful our culture's priorities really are Brilliant Michael Bronsky you faggot at the advocate Outstanding right on target and yes, we do relate we know all about witch hunts Right Jack Here's a Davie hello Hello, Neil yes, sir. Hey, dude. Yeah, were there dinosaurs and Noah's arc that's for that guy that was calling before about the only do you know The thing that's always in the skeptic magazine today. It's great. They talk about that They go into doctor Laura how she's pull a crap. Yeah, yeah, you would be a doctor Laura. She you know something doctor Laura invented Yeah, yeah, they answer like it's you believe in gosh you wish a question God The thing they also talk about what you talked about you know the earth ruling this on the earth before That's on in the dinosaurs on the arc if if somebody just sits down and reads that one line It's on a second page of Genesis about making two great lights that gives you an insight that shows you very clearly that the men who wrote this crap had no idea what they were talking about this isn't the vitally inspired This isn't something that somebody handed the Moses on a mountain somewhere This is these are just the ramblings of ignorant people. That's all Who lived in a very primitive ignorant time and the idea that here we are 2000 years later and we have people running around repeating this like this is Something that we're supposed to live by this is insanity. This is mass madness That's true, Neil. I mean we need to guide like you could really they didn't know the earth revolve around this They didn't know anything No dinosaurs it never heard of what do you mean the earth didn't revolve around a some gal later They did the pope didn't apologize them to just a few years ago No and a Darwin let two years ago Galileo and Darwin and this is in this decade I thank God Neil okay, I have a great time god bless god bless us all oh You don't believe in God no oh, geez We feel really insecure now There's no god and what happens when you die. Oh gee you don't want to know I don't think you want to know what happens when you die because you're too emotionally You know too much emotional cripples to understand you did you did So might as well live while you're alive because you don't live too much when you're dead and they're ain't nobody up there and heaven And there ain't nobody down there in hell and I'm the burning on the lake of fire. It's at a win so on This if there's such a thing is sin it's taking away somebody's ability to think I've been saying that for 25 years Stealing somebody's ability to reason that to think is the greatest in a ball cuz it's the only thing that separates us from the Estity of the animal kingdom That and the fact that we're big enough and powerful enough to destroy the whole god damn world we're doing a beautiful job of it Here's Miami hello Yes, sir, right now more it sounds just like you sir, you're on Yeah, I think you are the greatest man. Yes, I am okay with nobody say I was third cannot not Me too you couldn't touch me. I'm yeah I bet I tell a lot of people man and it is no heaven It's no hell is no link about what you do now with all that count if there's a hell man It's right in the middle of my head. Oh, okay, but it's one thing. I want to say I'm not on the political thing You know that you could see I'm from we back. Yeah, you're you're from way back. Yeah, yeah Way back Okay, go ahead. Okay, we have an open line of day five say he's from way back like he said he's from like the Neanderthal age He just wants to muck you around open line of day five six seven 560 and pump five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Yeah, I've been to the LA Zoo. Here's North Miami Beach, hello Yes, do we publicans they The first day that we Clinton just like Was it the tire family and the Godfather? Yeah, and one of the strategy meetings they had Twin Lock things sorry hit him 11 times with charges and he's still alive right That's why they want to tell it. Uh-huh That's why material it's not working sir. Oh, you know that not I mean you I mean them It's not a strategy isn't working as blowing up in their plus I know they can't believe you saw a line too bad Okay, thank you. He's like the everybody can't with 600 lives, okay And they keep banging away and banging He just refuses to fall and even these finalist Democrats so they better get with the goddamn program Okay, we're sending them to can't do jellyfish We have no I realized See I lost a couple of calls on here because I read that long pond whispered was not found The whistle was very well articulated and for those of us bags. We have Well, what a witch hunts are all about political otherwise Consentant adult sex lives I hate to break the news to middle America out there or whatever to help we are Is nobody's business In fact, I'm more concerned about those people who are interested in other consenting adults sex life those are the ones I'm very concerned about Because those people are really scary part whatever is going on in airplanes it is creating a lot of problems up in here between the years Not so much between the lifeway to problems in this country. It's between the years that's where the problems are Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixy Compive 60 on the 18t wireless line here is a pop-in-o hello You sure first time All okay I get far as it's planted and Monica think yeah, I could care less You know, I don't care if you dropped your knees and gave the print and on the few bars a day three Doesn't matter, you know, I think that it can't be a nurse and animal Yeah He should take in that 40 and 50 million bucks and got us all DJs and they can't gave us a cigar right then give us a good cigar for next there you go There you go. There you go. Well, I won't want to wet one, but Not a soggy one anyway right exactly and the far as McGuire and what they call steroids Yeah, they make it mandatory and see how many people go out there in his 63 there you go at least we'll get some excitement anyway right there You go okay in Fred Flint on his Jewish Oh, Georgia We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty on the 18t wireless line We got heck gobered coming up from Shulis Lake to a clock this afternoon We got the a pregame the four-platey whatever you want the marlins in the expo Oh god, are they is that right One more one more between two of the worst teams in all of baseball the marlins in the airs book the paper said 6500 something last that was there was no TV. I bet it was more like 500 and Montreal more they got problems or what One while it's so strong for you 120 50 Okay, we have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18t wireless line Okay Somebody have mentioned this but I was at the stadium the other day and father or two Yeah, he got up and he started praying for all the safety all the players right and the first play Uh I'll put a year I just somebody mentioned there right in the beginning of the show. Oh, yeah, go to show you got ain't listen Okay, maybe got maybe guys not a football fan. Thanks a lot, pal. All right, yeah, here you go Father rotoulos out there how can I jump out of beat but I'm gonna put a lot. Yeah, right protect us from injury How come all these guys get injured when they have it? See that goes to show you it's all a bunch of bull crap Because they're praying to God before every NFL game that nobody should get injured and guys get injured Practically get killed out there remember that guy in the lines got dragged off on a special last year happens every now and then Guys with broken legs broken next broken arms broken You know God knows what they're gonna be break it. Troy eight many gets in your last week again for the 500th time She got the hang nail or something Because God evidently either is not there or he just isn't listening and worried about football Maybe he's got more important things to worry about like embedding himself Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello, yes, man Hello, yes, yeah I'm 90 years old. I got an article. I want to send you that I think it's I think it's for you It's the The Christians the actual it looks at over the entire matter is no I don't know I'm concerned. We're good about it We have two open lines it's eight five six seven. Oh five I just didn't like where it started out five six seven Oh five and an open one on the 18 and pop pop 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's Miami, hello How come you yes? Hi, yeah, yeah, you guys I go away back and listen. I don't want to talk about the dolphins you're great. I love you Do you think it's a good job what you would love okay? This is one thing I want to say man. I don't know what you don't want to talk about let's talk about what you do want to talk about sir Okay, sir, who it okay? I put my two cents worth hot come nobody's talking about debt points. It's gonna be the governor if we don't start you know doing something You know what you mean nobody's talking about it. We've talked about it at length Yeah, but you're the only one Neil. Yeah. Well, we're talking about it. Thank you sir. We have an open line in brown two and eight five six Because nobody cares that's why sir nobody gives a crap and he's running out there to the condos and he's unsuspecting old Jews Whatever happened to those leaders in the condos these to round everybody up and you know get their votes The guaranteed locked in whatever happened to those old factions they all croaked through something like that Jesus It led down the garden path by Hitler Jr without the mustache 567.0560 Pomp five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's Miami, hello Yeah, how's it going? Okay, sir. Yeah, what's up with the beanie? What's up with it? Yeah, it's there. Yeah Yeah, so what's up with Jeff Bush? Okay, we got our younger people out there really know what else going on Right they got a great education they really got their hidden all of this stuff They know what's important in the world right? No, you bet Here's a mobile in Pompano hello Mobile in Pompano hey, this David. Yes, I'm more running down the highway In my car, yes, and to I heard rush on the other station yeah, and then he went off commercial and bought Bush going Come up with you Unbelievable the difference between you and right You're you're inner kitchen You can't talk we're good. I go back and listen to rush. I'm in our ticket right I can't speak because I'm not an Nazi like rush I'm in our ticket. I'm not a big fat six I'm fat but I'm not in the same league with him With his 85 divorces, no, there's other bullcraft and stories made up about how Vince Foster's body was in a house So owned by Hillary Clinton and then they put me on a shadow without the stories of a bunch of bullcraft But he doesn't bother to go on here and correct it because he's nothing but a goddamn right wing lunatic For a How in our it isn't this great that this guy would take the time isn't it and he's so shocked How the difference between like like could there possibly be another person in the world who's got a difference of opinion Putin saying did oh did off which Ditto says basically I'm a done to red and I can't think for myself Remember those bumper stickers did oh did oh yeah whatever rush says I'll say the same because I'm a parrot And I don't have a brain in my head and all you have to do was hear this little red neck that we just had on the phone That's a rush hole right there He's a rush hole and he's an asshole He's sides I mean in our ticket right you should only be so are in our in our ticket My red neck Yahoo friend okay go out and say hi to bossy the sheep and get out of our face and give rush your big kiss on a post-do while you're at it See if he found any more dates on the internet We have an open line in date 5 6705 60 pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line everybody knows I love dry concepts to be QA This is Rush Lim ball servo of humanity talk show host Hemeroid suffer folks with over 300 pounds. I know the agavell this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent Suppositories now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagl tissue Just put from my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube Another fine products from all I be the obesity and broad cast thing that work one thing They say about larna is he's an asshole. Yeah, and are you scared Neil? Are you scared? Larna is coming to town as long as I live. I'll never forget that call on the old IOD Oh, yeah the Indicator from Houston. Oh, are you scared? It's not personal. It's just business the are you scared? We're putting larna is on the other station against you. Oh, I'm shaking in my boots And all those years that he's been I would be getting our six and seven and eight years while he gets those two Nice going Oh, of course that's 12 plus those old demographics nice going larna You fat fascist But he's so articulate. Yeah I think the word he was looking for was fat. Here's deer field. Hello deer field. Yeah, good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. I'm confused about something Why here so many statements From parents saying that the president and is a bad example and a showing bad leadership for our children Why does a politician or an athlete have to be an example to our two parents children? Why can't the parents be the example? That's what should be the role models should be the parents. That's right. We have things we don't have Like we don't elect presidents or politicians to be role models for our kids I mean that what that leads me to believe is the parents not doing their jobs and they have to look elsewhere Right just like the parents don't teach their kids about sex or anything else that's their responsibility You always want the teachers to do it but do it our way. We're gonna get pissed off So you they want their cake and they want to eat it too. Right. Well, thank you for sterilization just keep it in my answer Yeah, I know okay By the way, Alan Greenspan is a speaking and Robert Ruben the Treasury Secretary of the But it would about right they're doing all of this and as a result the market which has been hovering it's put up But you know 1820 points all day right now at the balance up 16 and then as the x-up six But it's all been hovering waiting for this word breaking news this house banking committee in Washington And the testimony on the global monetary crisis, etc. and so on and they're waiting And I haven't been listening to the audio, but even if Greenspan didn't To give another signal about lowering interest rates the markets are gonna be really fired up and pissed off And that market's gonna take a real Like that and on the other hand if he does open up his person say something You know indicating again like he did a week or two ago then it's gonna go zooming up because that's what they're looking for And at the moment it's just kind of like sitting there waiting a pregnant pause say something come on Alan say something please say it Oh Here's Miami hello Meals yes, sir. I took that number that you gave with that for the book very well to God right called up there They have a big problem and I'm not kidding. What a coldy man. It's coming to the publisher. Yeah They have been threatened By somebody or someone or something in this country Not to bring it in what do you mean by that they've been doing it for uh No, no, I'm talking about putting in a book shows and stuff like that it's almost like a Rush a lot me whatever's name is. How do you like that? Yeah, I'm serious and a guy calling me back I mean, if you report when he does call me back. He's calling me back to let me know who and why they're doing it That's unbelievable it's true and I says well in this country We can't put a book out on the shelves by somebody who's an ex-minister who our who denounces religion and our articulates it very well and very brilliantly We can't put that on the shelves is an opposing idea tolerably just brainwashing well I guess it's supposed to be the land of the free Unbelievable it's true this is what the man I was just told but he is coming back supposedly to give me some more information Why they're not on the bookshelf here and why we have to call Canada to get it isn't at something Thanks for the good news keep me posted Trump's temple and farewell to God. I mean it's it's hardly a Revolutionary book it's hardly one of the most the greatest things in this remains kind But maybe he just makes it to my sense Maybe he's just the bunch this all business and such a common sense of practical way that fearful that a people read it they'll say oh, yeah good points all of them We have an open line in date one in Broward 5 670 560 560 on the 18th he wireless line North Miami Beach hello North Miami Beach Yes, sir one question. I know you're gonna give me a straight answer What's good and Clinton did yeah did he harm the country or people in any way Say for a form no no he did not okay here's sunrise hello Hi, yes, sir. I'd like to talk about the dummy of America. Yes Is it in it? This won't be kneel. I'm sorry. I said this must be kneel. Yeah could be real good Yeah, right people call up you ask you if they call you and they say what's up? Why is that you're asking me? There's no because there's stupid like they got a call If you call to go about Lard S. Limbaugh and how much more articulities because he agrees with his his right wing bulk rap Page five B today son sent them yeah There's an ad for one of these scary Halloween things Dr. I be scary more yeah nice I be scary. I am scary. I am that's his that be his brother. I am Have that typical you know new casters everything I mean it's no one to the kids in this country or just Stupid as a party say it again when the principles and the teachers some of them are Is in our particular this the day is long and can't speak the language properly how they got to teach kids to speak Crazy the other night channel for this is before the stock market So 500 points. Yeah, they were doing up you know a mop stock by thing Where they bought certain shares Anyway, they showed them the names of the stocks that they bought on the screen and one of them was Pfizer the chemical company right Viagra they spelled the pH I see you are all right nice gone guys probably Rick Sanchez had his fine finger in that Like I said probably Rick Sanchez had his probably Tony cigaretteo at his finger in that Okay, thanks for the good news How do you spell a fish food okay 12 minutes before two with five 60 to what do Speaking of good food Are you sure To be joking I need help Rick rally talking about stocks that's almost that was in a car last night I punch you over because we had Danny B under I mentioned I mentioned this before tonight and he was talking about politics and about this whole Oh my god and poor suds in the background you could tell he was like trying to crawl down into the chair and disappear and hide Rick rally talking about sexual escapades and about lying in about politics and That's right, so on and pat you can't know what a great guy he is Speaking of the market by the way, it's just kind of hovering there. They're waiting was like almost even Steven like I read Look at that and I was just a little bit up four points, but they're waiting Come on somebody say it say something already. What if Alan Greenspan say anything? Get that then arrows up and up there two 300 points Well, this is Al Rogers and market hello Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Not Al Rogers. Yes, sir. Great show Roger No, yeah, yeah, yeah, Roger Neil. Couple things. I'm nervous excuse me. That's okay. I'm pissed off Have people are trying to tell us what we should believe about president Clinton. Yeah, if he did it A any other any man what do mean if he did it? He did do what he already said he did it and there was not like right to be honest Yeah, but how many of us would admit it? To the whole nation nobody like I said that the other day how many people would like to have their intimate sexual escapades Right on the internet all over the world and graphic the tail with their name and push a touch to it I mean people would be running the for cover they be running into cave somewhere Who gives the craft exactly no more but anyway, thank you Neil how the great show and love you Okay, see you see and he already blew that guy off because you thought he just not like Al Rogers No, I guess that's one of the most the bro test good George apologizes to you sir for confusing you with the Al Rogers the anti-Christ you'll anti-Christo North Miami Beach, yellow Okay All right, that's going sir Here he go for one night. He was about well and he went to next to Garza's voice He said well a kid like a thing over his post He had a muffled post here is the North Miami Beach, yellow Yes, sir. I want to talk ice cream cone real quick. Yeah, what is the original original Ice cream cone with the chocolate and nuts on top and the sugar cone which one is the original drumstick No, not anybody I don't like not anybody's suck drumsticks are great. Are you a while I was hooked on those three years ago I was addicted I had to go to what drumsticks and I D8 Remember when you were kids the egg Come on which came first with what you know what the drumstick ahead of nutty But you might like that something I'm worried about. I have the idea. Well, well, you tell me When you work on it, okay go on do some research on it. Okay, pal We'll be waiting for your answer one of these days very soon Was it the nutty buddy or was it the dumb stick that's what he wants it. Oh, maybe it was the joystick Here's Hollywood hello Hollywood Going once sounds real dead to me. Okay. It's gonna be a real quick couple of calls here. That's gonna be it here's hi Ali. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, I just got back from school when I got into an argument with my professor because He claimed that We should feel far for her because she kept the dress the same way you would keep like a souvenir cup If you had coffee with the president here's in that beautiful. Yeah, right like you if you had coffee You would keep the cup and Neil if he was wearing a jack strap. She would have kept his cup Is that what he's trying to say your professor needs psychiatric help. We ought to have him removed immediately Not sooner right he really said that. Yeah, he did. Oh, what a jackass we had a feel sorry for because what because he's a slut That loves running around with married men We ought to feel sorry for that you got her presidential leap head and then ran it all over the place You got on the phone with 500 of her closest friend and told everybody to tell what was going on in there We ought to feel sorry for her Your professor needs a shrink You'll also I was wondering if you've been on 595 I saw a billboard of 101.5 light of them and it had health and John and they said the bitch is back What's got all of us? What do you mean what is it all about? I don't know is that like meant to inform health and John or something? Okay, I'll be at the concert. Oh, God. Oh, God. Okay, no calls two minutes to go and no calls to my Your mother could just look off as a result 567.560.560 on a mobile one line any interest two minutes to kill here anybody alive out there Play the bitches back okay, maybe he'll catch on Jesus God he has spent to win the five six seven. Oh five 60 We can't even do a little mini lightning round here the last two minutes. That's how much we spots we got now 560 on a 18 absolutely nothing Q a m yeah, I got cut off you got cut off. Oh, what? How'd you get cut off oh no how you doing listen? Hey, it's not the idea everyone likes a little head But the key is you don't sit there any over off and talking what a George that's done under the board right now What make any difference to me if you paint the same amount of attention you always does Q a m yeah, Neil yes, sir. Let me tell you something I just went back to school to take some courses at Miami date. Yes, and if you want to think about What's going on you ought to know that those kids are being treated and trained like automaton automaton that's what's going on They ruin class when we know that joint the automaton the ruling classes whoever they may be are trying to create robots Yeah, which is gonna do an excellent job. I know and it's frightening is hell Yeah, I just wanted you to know that they that that that the computer age They destroyed our privacy Because they know that they want to be able to control everything yeah, and they literally want robots Okay, thank you very much. Maybe the illuminati is behind it I think it's a goddamn trial and error commission conspiracy is what it is God damn it Well too bad we don't have time for all those other calls that are coming in right now because I bet you they're really great. I think Think he's calls are great. Hello. Oh, too late. Okay. Well, listen I just want to give me opportunity for crying out loud. They're ringing and ringing all these lines now after I screaming go Spastic and ballistic hey's coming up next from sure let's take to a to a clock and then forget about the president Forget about the markets that that was up one point because they're waiting and waiting for something and we got the importance stuff We got the Marlin man