5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the toll free, verdined and growling. Or count, the show do not necessarily reflect those of the mountains. Hi, this is Marae Poverch. Wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Okay, how come we're gonna start off the same way we did yesterday again? Did I hear nothing on the overhead? Nothing on the monitor? Are we gonna start out with another technical problem again today? Like we did yesterday? George? They hear us fine. They hear us fine. How come I didn't hear anything when more public just did that number there? Hi, this is Marae Poverch. Wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Okay. Hi, my name is I'm a Miami resident and I was just starting to hear the meal talk show. I'm at my home and I think it's absolutely horrible. I've been under step to anybody with values and morals or social conscience can allow such a thing to be broadcast on this day. Oh, gosh, this guy is just cursing a people insulting, black feeling, just spreading anger and hatred, I don't understand that. I mean, do you have children, do you have a family, do you care what's going on in the world? No. But just bad stops are going around. Someone's just venting all their hatred and anger in a certain people. I mean, if you just let somebody crying on the sun the air and maybe it's really popular and makes you want to money for your face and that this is really not what the world means. I mean, things are bad enough. I don't think we need a guy like this. And I really find a very offensive and just horrible. I mean, how would you like if your children were listening to that and growing up in a world where this kind of thing is acceptable. But people can talk like that and be paid for it and be in George. I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted. Life read a message, yeah. And I am sure I'm not the only person to feel that way. I'm trying to consider a person of, you know, the rest of the media, other people that have to. Merry Christmas. Happy to know, good. All the other good stuff. All these other great holidays that had you all bustling and running around like a bunch of ass. I mean, like a bunch of busy people. Speaking of busy people, by the way, all first I want to salute a fine young man. I have no idea who he is. I'll never see him again. But he was stopped at the light on the corner of 441 and 399. Right by Chuck Subtism, that's a matter of fact. Yesterday, I'm on the way home, getting way to make my right turn. And this young man is parked in front of me. You look at him here. If you mirror and see that I'm behind him, turns around, give me a wave. And then starts like, I'm going to tell you, I believe he was grabbing himself. He was so excited to see me. I'm just unbelievable. Grabbing himself, slapping the string. When he was slapping everything inside of that, too. That's right. So I happy you. Whatever you two pound. And speaking of drivers, by the way, we discovered something new in America. And that is that the roads are like a telephone booth. Now that's right. Everybody has got a cell phone. AirBeejack has, including, see down here, we have about, I would say, you know, I'll be out of the generous, about 70% of the people who shouldn't be on the road under any circumstances. Even on a perfectly sunny day, a clear day with a dry road, minimal traffic. Like on a holiday, you know. These people can barely function on that kind of a day. Much less, you know, right now, where everybody's on the roads, it's congested. People are schlepping all over shopping, doing whatever they're doing. And now, airBeejack has got a cell phone stuck to his or her or its ear. I'm at the Gamaid Bay, Nabhil and Howard Boulevard yesterday going home. And there's a clown. He's sitting there at the light. He's in front of me if the traffic at the red light. The light turns green. Does he go? No. No. He doesn't go. And why? Because he's got the cell phone stuck to his ear. He's finishing the conversation, man. He is finishing his conversation. This was one of about a half a dozen people yesterday that I encountered. Because I'm staring at noticing more and more and more. I mean, I don't mind if you talk to somebody. We get a million calls here every day on the cell phones. That's fine. But at least, pay a little bit of attention to driving. Maybe 5% would be good for starters. And this guy, he like finishes the camera. And I know give him a two to the horn. Pays no attention. Grab the phone away from his ear. Because thank God, he's finally finished with the conversation. I might still be sitting there now. Any punches of the thing off, puts the phone down. And now a lot of a sudden he grabbed the wheel on the way he goes. We finally get through the light. The roads are like a telephone booth in South Florida because every Jack has has got a phone stuck in his rear. Jesus, man. It's just a beautiful thing. But let's not start out on that kind of a note. Let's start out with a good news. They got the, uh, all the Islam machines and their money and their Perfine to back last night. Who was on all the newscast? Although, you notice it didn't make their front page of the news papers today. Kind of buried here it is. I got one of the whichever paper this is the hero. I think this was very either in the local or the, um, Bobby Butterworth and Sheriff King Jenny. That's right. Right before Christmas time, they go in their last week. Wade the cruise ships, the one in particular. This one cruise six. Yank all those, uh, evil, evil slot machines off of their Compuscate hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. That only goes so much. A million dollars it says. And of course they had these little rinky tink came art or, uh, a radio shack kind of a pieces of equipment to there to detect how far and they admitted, well, we were really sure where to help we were. Maybe it was fun. And of course, I want you to stop and think about this. Is it exactly three miles outside the, uh, Terran, the border of Florida is it two point eight miles? Is it two point six? Is it maybe three point one? Does anybody know? No. And does it make any difference? No. Talk about nitpicking. Talk about spending since April, months and months and months and got all you know, so many thousands or millions of dollars on this, uh, very, very important investigation that blows up in their face once again. But I mean, stop and think about how they're, they're, they're not really polluting the waters. Just see life, probably a fish. I bet even the dolphins out there are losing their morality because the god damn, uh, all that gambling is going on those cruise ships inside the three mile limit. Now if they're like three and a half miles out there, then it's okay. Then we don't have to worry about a god damn thing. But if they're only like two point eight, two point nine miles, if they're like within that three, then of course, something evil is going on. We better do something about it. That's what the Sun Sentinel said. That's what Sheriff Ken Jenny says. That's what good he to choose Bobby Butterworth says. And this, you know, something just like these impeachment hearings that are going on again right now as I speak. There's John Codier's good man. He's speaking. But I beat that. But about a single crap. Thank god that the most important things that we got no crime, we got no, you know, uneducated people's running around. We got no problems in America. The only thing we have to worry about are cruise ships that aren't going out there far enough. And about, uh, let's, uh, you know, president's who are getting blow jobs. Thank god for that. You know, with this holiday time of year, you know, we just finished with Thanksgiving. There's more that we can be thankful for. The fees are the important things that we have to address that we can direct our attention to. Man, there's must be going pretty damn well. Now I'm going to check the cell phone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey, 155, 50 WQA, and your neurotic station for the holidays and for most of the year. And so, I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. Right. He's Wayne Heizing a foundation. So that's what we're looking to learn. Well, Uncle Mel. Yes, sir. You are on a roll. Yes, sir. You are in a teneter. I'm rolling it. I'm rolling it. Hey, hey. I got a couple of days. This is Mark first of all. Long time, listen from your day to day. Yes, sir. College. I grew up with you. College days and everything. And survived it somehow. I heard that. You made the trip to journey a lot easier. Yes, sir. I heard that. Number one. And you welcome. Thank you, everyone. Number one. The way you started that call with that lady. Oh, thank you. On tape. Oh, yeah. And then you lift. Yes. We have to listen to this garbage. We have to. You don't have to listen to it for two seconds. Lady, if you don't like it, got it off. Okay. People that do like it, they listen. And anybody with a brain that doesn't like it. Instead of saying they're full of our gut. Instead of being a Paul or professionally agitated. They turn it on. They find something else to do. But obviously there's something in that bitch in that ice lady that attracts her to this. Even though she doesn't want to admit it. And she likes so many other people. Once they discover this show, she can't turn the thing off. Absolutely. So I found that kind of funny that you're right. I have a funny on your show when you have the people. Why do you live to it? Right. And as far as I'm concerned, when I don't like something I live, I came to the channel. Exactly. And then people would tell of you now with your quickers. Everybody got to remote and with cable and with satellite dishes, the small dish. Everybody's got that clicker going. I mean, I'm on the worst offenders in the world. If I'm watching something in for more than 10 seconds or something on there, I don't like it. That doesn't interest me. I'm clicking a baby in a remote too. That's right. So that was kind of funny. Let me see number two, the call from Havana, Cuba. He wasn't at some point. That's all. Is that guy called in every week? I'd love to hear him. Yeah. Well, he's got a lot of practice. He's got his own show. He's playing very comery records just something. That is correct. Another bull thing. Whatever. Yeah, that was funny. Yeah. Number three. Old number three. Well, first of all, I told George, I told George that he's great when you're on your vacation. Yes, he is. A lot better than tape. Mm-hmm. By the way, that was my idea. I take all the credit in the world for that occasion. So I'm taking credit for stuff today. Right. Nice going. Thank you. Better than tape. Right. And lastly, if you get a chance, you'll be a good man. Who's your favorite? And I have not heard figure rolls ever from the day to day? Oh, figure rolls. I think I have to dig a line for that. I know I've got it somewhere. It's not in the DC. I've got it somewhere. And, uh, love you show when you have a good holiday and I'll give you a call in the couple of years. And have a great life. All right. So yeah. Okay, there you go. He's somehow surrounded. It's all the way. It's a warm and here is it just me. It seems a little bit on the, uh, tap inside. What is it? I'll go fix it. It's a little on the, look warm side if you ask me. There's an article very depressing by the way for those people who believe we ought to have 200 states in the union. We're going to help you to what I do with that thing. Damn it. Got so much cramped your day. Where is that little uphees? Or, here's that little piece. Not enough support for statehood polls says days before a vote on Puerto Rico's future relationship of the United States. A poll show support for US statehood at only 37%. For voting on it, how can they vote? Well, well, why wouldn't we have to vote on it? The survey published on Monday by the El Mundo News paper echoes previous polls. Similar surveys have shown statehood winning the most votes, but falling short of the 50. So why don't we know Puerto Rico? We got enough Puerto Rican, see you all ready. We love our Puerto Rican friends and there's a free switch play with every Puerto Rican. Much while with that. So one of our poll questions today. Who make the best neighbors? Puerto Rican Colombians or Cubans? That's our poll question today. What do you mean by smiling about? I think that's a very legitimate question. Who would you rather have living next door to your house? Or there's probably going to be none of the above there will be that category too like an airport. Puerto Rican's Colombians are Cubans. I think that's a very very significant question here. And something we are really, really, really, ought to spend a lot more time thinking about that than about some stupid ballgame. Hey, hold the poll to you and call them into a whole 10. 10.5. But Neil Rogers jail. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. 10. 10. And tracking to go. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 5. 10. 9. 12. 14. 10. 7. 11. 10. 10. 10. 9. 10. 9. 10. 10. 10. 10. I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I That's it, that's yeah, yeah, bye-bye We need you from those evil slot machines there you go If we could just get I'm gonna take it right now mark this down like we ain't would say mark this down baby If we could just get rid of the wicked weed and slot machines we'd have it made. Oh, it would be a safe place Nobody had to worry about burning in hell We would have to worry about no more stupid editorial's and a Harold and the scum sent no on those issues Then we could you know start getting down the important things like who's gonna win some stupid football game on Monday? I went over to hell with his Sunday The diocese suspends priest over gay weddings. Oh, hey in Rochester, New York. You know I grew up in Rochester Rochester is a I don't want to say right wing, but it's a conservative town a working town, you know Eastman code act and hikkey Freeman and whatever zerox used to be there a lot of play a lot of companies moved out But it's okay For what it is But it's amazing the the new the topless debating thing that started with a bunch of women a bunch of dice I think in Rochester Remember they started that big to do and then it's filled over up to Toronto and they said oh, yeah If you want to hang your boobs out march up and down that's okay, and The now this Roman Catholic priest up there this bishop Matt you carc on or he's not the one gibber James Calon I'm sorry at the corpus Christi church in Rochester, New York He's the one that's been amaring gay people same sex weddings In Rochester of all places, so somewhere long along yes Virginia there is a liberal element Rochester believe it or not Must be those Jews in Italians The Roman Catholic diesies on Monday suspended a priest who conducted same sex weddings served holy communion to non Catholic like that Oh and allowed a woman to perform some duties on the altar It's okay, which is not a one of the parts of the lunacy of the Catholic church and most religions like orthodox Jews Treated because the Bible says you know that women are like just like your slaves are like whatever the Bible said That's right Use y'all these instructions so while you women just say bear foot and pregnant in the kitchen and cut the crap That's what the church teaches you and go make babies So there's another great story from Rochester so what are we gonna do about those damn Puerto Ricans George was telling me before that we have more Puerto Ricans and broader than we have Cubans. Is that is that true? Oh, those were pretty you hurricane in statistics. What is it? Those were pre-end groups statistics also others after Hurricane Andrew a lot of Cubans got pushed up there into brown counties That way you try to put it when your houses were all blown away. Yeah, I would have bought some nice property If I don't think harm stood with most of Cubans wasn't no, but like country water I thought a lot of the pictures I don't know how they're like Mexicans do we have Mexicans in brown? No, I don't think we let any Mexicans in the brown. Yeah, I think we're gonna take up a resolution on that But I'm thinking we are doing that quite yet Or by the way speaking of Mexicans have ever gone under to a supermarket in this the aroma of a Rodding fish Is the nobody laughing about I was telling you I was talking about this before because I happen to have that experience here They went into a supermarket that I usually don't frequent because I was looking for my strips my beef strips And it's a beautiful market and it's clean and it's huge and the great selection et cetera Although they didn't have what I was looking for God then although maybe they had you know something maybe they had the bags They just was looking at the right place. They had those freezer bags, but it anyway and I walk in I open up the door and the first thing that hits you in the face is that smell from the seafood department That just watched you the entire store of rotting fish and maybe it's not rotting, but it's just or like for example ever go to a place to like in Boston Would they have all those outdoor markets you know the farmers markets? And I love the farmers markets where they have real cheap cold cuts and produce But when you get close to the fish and seafood department, you know, were they outside? Oh God, and of course if you don't like fish to begin with if you're not a fish eater, which I hate fish and the aroma just knocks you out I just know how some of you guys can handle you know what I'm saying George I don't want to get to graphic here But but the smell of that rotting fish. I just all Whoo heavy duty must have something to do with nose plugs That was required before I go deep seeing diving is nose plugs before you just dive right in there man Wow the smell of that Pungent rotting disgusting fish and I just want to go to the door that story just race right out and get some of the fresh here Even if you're outside is not that fresh. I just say holy crap lemme out of here I don't I think there are other than obvious I mean there are a few things in with a world that smell worse than that smell of rotting fish and the other crap that goes on all the whatever that is God So you people are running your supermarkets wonder why you're not doing as much business as the other guys Maybe if you like you know, maybe those maybe the managers of those stories have heavy head cools Maybe they have sinus problems Because it's so apparent you walk in the door and it just hits you in the face like a sled jammer just WAP just like that hits you right in the post and you say man something's fishy in this doing something's things to hide Heaven it smells like In here I Don't want to say which door was because I don't want to get our friend out there. I've said you know the one that called them Said come on into our story. Remember that thing. I call twice I don't want to get him upset but he might tell our friends at that store. I don't want to mention the name that's a thing Center It's 11 away that five 60 W QA and you want to get a great great card Passing on his horse pages are both our local newspapers any days a very soon 11 13 at five 60 W QA and we got the open lines in date counting five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the 18th he wireless on something I forgot to mention yesterday Which I better get to right now immediately or I'll forget again very very important I've been screaming since they open the macaroni The hockey palace up there in Broward and sunrise. I've been screaming about the fact that the goal lights are a little thinking tiny like Christmas lights They're so small that you have to have a telescope just see them when a goal is scored Which of course is supposed to be the highlight the most exciting thing about a game especially when a home team scores We hope but nevertheless that's supposed to be an exciting thing Well, they have never responded that they did respond to certainly other things lids for the for the soda cups Every spot of the fact that the audio to sound was too loud and distorted They finally got that screened out again after having a few bumpy rocks in that road And evidently they're trying to clean up their at the in various ways But as far as the goal lights are concerned evidently Wayne is given so much money to charity that he can't afford like real goal lights Like in a real new hockey arena. Okay. So we have to live with those little dinky goal lights. You only problem being that the ones at the North end I even got my directions right this time the ones at the Panther shoot twice and okay to my right as I'm sitting here I want to one look into the right that goal the goal light Doesn't come on most of the time Game the event against Carolina on Saturday Just a few seconds into the game. Here's Robert Spayler's Dixie goal and that there's the puck is right in it It looks to me like a goal on a screen and I'm sure in most of the people see it's in there because the light come on No, it's like I think that a couple of times in a game maybe two or three times in the light actually Come on when a goal was scored no, we've bothered putting it on anymore Which I'm sure that the goal judge I mean as I said must be good enough to see the puck is sitting here right in the net He's probably pressing the button maybe Wayne just can't afford enough cash Maybe the city of sunrise whoever's really responsible for can't afford enough cash for a new light bulb in that Little tiny red thing in there and they're just little you know Maybe we can also about along with our center one campaign We can take up a collection for like Under a buck whatever we're customer replacement light bulb for the goal light to come on let a goal a scored I mean you talk about a sterile experience Go to hockey game this score goal and like it was the light on is Something going on here to win does anybody know oh I mean these are little things okay, but it's called going to a sporting event a lot of people paying a lot of money The subsidized it by the way and they have a way to respect Certain things that actually have to do with the game going on as opposed to everybody in our dance and around. Oh, this is an udial now by the way if the newer we know This is the new deal and that is the interludes of which there are more and more and longer commercial Let's be time outs and all this other bullcraft during the interlude between the action is that everybody in their brothers Looking up on that big gigantic screen just see if they're pushes on there. They're waving their puke You know I had my moment of glory there that one class Which I hope doesn't happen again soon because I'm where my no-b. M button just to make sure it don't happen But anyway, so now everybody that's on her they had one Young woman on there. I thought she was going to do a strip at everybody in the crowd was going This is a lot more saying than the stupid game And he had some little kid. I say about an eight or nine year old kid up there and he's the he's like I'm doing a strip routine. I thought what that was this kid doing he's doing like dirty dancing up there in the crowd He's going crazy and this is the excitement. Okay, they're contrived and used it the people juke and in driving in the stance The game is boring is all crap. They're blowing a lead time after time again But you're having a great time. It's excitement isn't there excitement no, come on and go out there in a hallways and buy a lot of it over Price still food to while you're at it Hoping line and grow it all three and day here in Del baby, Chello Hey, I need a yes, sir. Just a book shoot of your poll question. Yes. You don't I found out at the time in America? What is that? Is that New York okay that I moved in here now? I'm an Italian American or you are Guido because you said New York I don't know you don't say much around the end. No, don't say for shoes now Versus stuff but a lot of the time and Jews like I found that I found this whether it's culturally or food wise Whatever, you know combination a lot of attention to payment wife a lot of Italian and Jews like the same thing especially when you come to Oh, let's say upper middle class and off. Okay, they like a lot of the same if it's because we both have big noses I always wish people I know love the Godfather mode, right? Okay, they love Italian food and they like well Isn't there a segment of Italian like the citizens for example? Because I remember when a movie first came out and Joe Dodgiela was doing the today show on NBC and they had priest on there And they were screaming and carrying out about the stereotypes and about the civilians are not mobsters Now the you know the Italian deformation league was having their break down I know that they saw that comes out with any news sort of like Ethnic movie there's always could be some group the event it for walk We know what affection we'll talk yeah, and I was reading somewhere This is really an offshoot, but you know that when it comes to Elvis impersonated The largest the two largest groups or Italians and Jews who oh That's something huh you worked on every time. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know I see tremendous similarities between Italians and Jews. I don't think there's great in fact when you go to Rome I think it's the same people. Is that so I quite a good in New York even the glamest begid is in New York? You know that oh absolutely that's the melting pot of melting pot Right, I just wanted to let you know that I just found out throughout my life and I wondering if you felt the same Absolutely correct here. Okay, and work on that nose. Bye bye. Okay, I'll see Okay, there's a window from New York. We have an open line in flower and all three and day quiet this morning When I wasn't taking calls we were loaded we had eight million calls on it But I have a lot of material in fact I'll continue if you want I'll just keep ramble on I'm in a rambling mood today. I'm just loaded with good Today five six and now now that we're we I'm really putting on this push the last three weeks because yesterday We were getting updates from Kerala instead of one like every half hour. We actually make a very important goal a nice big round The six figures and please do it a little else Here's a mobile in poppin. Oh hello. Yes, sir Well, I hope I can enlighten you in some way and helping you with another one I do I do appreciate what you're doing for them and I do believe I do believe and I Yeah, how do you like that there's a great guy? See when we used to do Camelos sauce we'd get I noticed may come as a shot to you But there'd be several people you'll put up envelopes and then all of a sudden here'd be one for a thousand dollars Remember those days thousand dollars and we did get a check for my friend Ron the hockey fan They fell off your fire Spanish is a great guy 1500 bucks. He donated this year He usually gives me a thousand every year, but this year dubbed each other was pocket 1500 bucks for which we think him Profusely a lot of people off their ass We've been immediate 400 bucks from right inside here right inside the QAM and power 96 by the way pound ninety six You know, we'll take your checks too Just like Robert and sales there from power 96. We certainly your money spends just as well as anybody else's Open line and a solid of a sudden. I guess it's gonna be another one those days today But I'm used to there probably watching the speechman hearings right now as I speak They probably watching that crap getting all sucked into that ballooning again I don't even have it on I got the weather channel on right now I don't have us in and on because every fuse I I have no more room in my life I'm just worn out they don't get the message okay They don't get the message we don't want to hear any more about it There's nothing more to be said about it. They've dissected it. They've turned it upside down inside out He had an affair they tried to cover it up just like everybody else does was married and even people aren't married And then that's it. It's got nothing to do with government. It's got nothing to do with impeachment It's got nothing to do with anything but partisan politics and quite frankly I can't deal with another second of it. I will not watch it. I don't want nothing to do with it Fiesible in West Palm Beach, hello Hey, how you doing great? I couldn't agree with you more on the you're taking the panters The fans and this arena and the only thing people care about Will the Limbs drop the tickets in my lap and are there a panther? He shirts for the panther for 12 right and what BM has done is decided to send more money on the T-shirt Fennel and players to improve the quality of this Another team yeah Other thing you all about two or three months ago is channel surfing is TV later on a Friday night and Of all things among the romance channel and who's getting married on TV But it's still Henry. So I don't know man's channel. Yes Are you trying they had his wedding and his preparations to jail? We got married out there. Yeah Yeah, well, of course I spoke to his new wife. She's sweet heart. She's great. But it was actually a second of the profile Phil are you sure Army Are you sure yeah, I'm sure okay. Oh, you like when you convey that nice for a good news. Okay, my way to this feels still bald by the way Extremely okay, thank Oh Okay, we have an open line and braored all three lines and days before they're gonna put my wedding on TV No, I guess not five six. I get married over the weekend. I guess you're worried Looping kind of well kept secrets so far, but but you know mommy to let it out is kind of embarrassed about it It's life not too happy either what go to Rochester for that we are going to Rochester's matter fact in fact father what's his name father O''Toole is gonna be a Making me sick with union Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? I was just waiting to be put on you are on oh I just said he'll open Boka I said hello. You said hello and there we are Yeah, I have to tell you I'm bought and I went to the Yeah, I broke him you know, then yeah, oh that was the worst game in his video in race yes Come again, he's been I'll pathetic yeah, is that a hit? They don't know how to you know you know the one people they can share is me and Maya And all the way wait It's the only two nothing we need to hear for anybody the only thing they know how to do is say hey Ref you suck and even when a panther commits a flag with obvious penalty you still hear the same assholes It's maybe about 500 them they're very well very vocal. It's always the same jackass Hey, you suck as other impressing the rest of us and of course we're all humiliated and embarrassed by their behavior And they were afraid of me. I mean even though they won one nothing Who you're born you're a horrendous game that you could have taken a book in a small pencil flashlight and had a good time as a Pretty much in a game and I went to the I caravan game. Yeah, yeah, I'll be able to understand you Well the same fan because first of all you don't see the same people two games in a row because Most of the people don't have a season tickets they share and they'll get freebies or whatever and so most Accumulated huh The only way people would go to the game. It's it's a freebie way that's right now. They can see themselves up on the big screen and make fools out themselves Well welcome this out for the sir and try to fill up that please center Yeah Five sixty WQ and the headgoal verse you'll live at these sporting bruises to a clock we got the orange heard one the cartoon character walking and living in breeding Boochabi it's just an any cap on as compulsive gambling show us on a clock tonight. I'll tell you one thing boy Date County did if these lines working out because we had a call from a van on a day line What off the bat this morning other than that we can't we can't rush along any Increasing date county whatsoever. I think my comment about Puerto Ricans and the Colombians and Cuban you think that something to do with it Huh, oh, what's wrong with that? I think that's a very legitimate pull question We want everybody sensitive and uptight you in the holidays. Let's delay it right out there on the line. Okay 5670560 pomphi 60 and the 182 wireless line anybody in date is speaks English. Oh, okay. Just check it Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to meet not hundred dollars Your charity, but not for a very good reason. Yeah, I'm donating because I hate that Come back at the sun sent to the net. That's a good enough reason. Yeah, it's not really good reason, but that's why great You know, I wish you would both more against you get more people to come on to pick up to get okay All right. Thank you so much. Good job, Neil. How do you like that? See, that's my I'm going to use this. I'm going to try to take that negative well. I mean negative You know people take shots of me all the time. I'm used to that and of course if you're going to dish it out You got to take it. I don't care about that, but it's just the idea that in conjunction at a time Overdoing our fundraiser and try to do the best we can for charity, which I do every year at this time And I've done for about the last 14 or 15 years now and this asshole is giving the song a dance about a corrosive radio host Neo Rogers because I won't kiss Wayne has been gazes. Well, guess what buddy I won't kiss his ass. I sure is how long come anywhere near your ass. You're safe buddy Because you're the most grissel disgusting two-conducing piece of garbage ever seen in my life Take a bath take a shower Get a bar of coast okay go over to a bob green. Maybe that loan you the coast over there for a few minutes you can take a shower Little scumbag and of course it's not interesting that this all comes right on the heels of my comments a few days ago This was like a few days after I was talking about the Sun Sentinel and their hypocritical thing What are the Sun crews that editorial that they wrote that unacceptable idiotic editorial about how that raid was great for all the Citizens of Florida. Yeah, it was great. They wasted all our taxpayer money and now they had to go with egg on their face last night And bring all the goddamn slot machines back and bring the million dollars in cash Nice going there Sun Sentinel One of our student listeners. He's on page two of this fourth second. I'm the same day that that editorial ran On page two they got a big ad for the Sun crews Christina the very same one that they're condemning under editorial pages So they'll take the advertising money. Thank you. We have no problem whatsoever But we'll editorialize against the evils and what a sucker bed it is and yati yati yati Bappa bappa bappa on how corrupt you are but in the meantime we'll take you ad put it right there in a sports page page two quarter page ad or eight of a page Whatever was big Look at one column report, you know, I just I throw my arms up at a year. I say to myself, you know, just play yes stuff Just play stuff all day I'm whipped up here. I'm feeling better than I have in months because actually I lost like three pounds on the Year's scale thanks to my season Tyson tenderler, you know, and I want to say something about that too 50,000 false starts I've had on these dies This year I said to myself instead of making some stupid new years resolution which we all do Why not start in December and get like a head start on it like a month ahead As opposed to waiting until New Year and then making some stupid statement that I broke in 15 million times as you've all heard over the years And I'm doing it and I'm gonna tell you something else about it. There's no there's no big secret To losing weight. There's no secret about it off You can dilute yourself with the lies like that low fattful crap with all that you know all those low fatt brownies and cupcakes Yeah, right all you brownie Hans That's all crap, you know that But you're just deluding yourself because that stuff tastes damn good But those of us who fought the the good fighter even a bad fight against the but there's no secret So we know how to lose the way you just have to do it Just do it that's all no secret whatsoever if the act can's worse for you that's what you have to do If wait watchers if that crap works for that's what you have to do whatever it is that works for you There's no secret So all of this big hocus polka's and all these fake info Marshalls and all these silly looking plastic people under peddling you some bullcraft Some stupid book for some stupid pills that don't do anything but make them money But that's not worth it. You know how to do it because all of us who are fat we've all lost weight at times and then gained it back And then some and lost them or in Gina. We all know we all know how to lose it so you have to just do it Here's Hollywood hello and you're with up. How you doing sir? I was wondering Where do you send the donations to what the douchebag out there? What does that mean? I didn't give this punk the address can you give a shout out to a douchebag? What do you send the address and can I give a shout out to a douchebag? No punks okay. I'm not interested in talking to punks Well obviously there are out of school out of the informory out of the Bible institution How do you like that? Thanks for your tremendous contributions are here to our show on five fifty wqm Thanks for your contribution to the human race and can I call Tommy a douchebag? No, no Can we call you a douchebag? Yeah, there you go. Okay, you were a douchebag. It's your better now Why is it that as soon as he asked that question there was a little tremor in the back of my brain saying I don't think so date now what what's going on with these lines here? This is not possible okay, but doing this too long I have dialed those and all three of these day lines. It is not humanly possible is it? Two out of three your broder calls are from date. Yeah, see that's what I don't understand Theroy is calls are forward into the brodered lines. No. I'm sorry. There is a trigger in the wood pile If we can get a call from Havanna on the data lines the data lines are working Okay, I've got a question of date. How do there is something with his phone system? By the way Is anybody you got any more information over a move it upstairs anybody who anything more about that? No, what year is going to be what century? Oh, yeah, they got the glass the a contractors that are building those new studios for powering 2 a.m. up on the third floor They got the glass, you know the windows for between the control room and the studios two days ago in pieces because they ordered it from California Real expensive stuff by the way and it came shattered and little pieces So there's another delay and that's not even for us. That's for power 906 so the ladies just keep on coming They must have gotten the best contractors that money can't buy They must have gotten guys that can wait a long time for their check that they came to the right company for that What was that? Oh somebody just wanted it. I want to make me not to play what why they're not calling and what is that? Because it was it he goes to retube disease. That's where I cut him off. Oh, they're too busy So I was going to launch into something else, but you know we go to busy So it's not a regime they was too busy to speak to me, but he would not busy enough to run He would give you a lecture that's why I'm not counting I heard it's not to talk to Neil but in one as far as they can blow it out Okay five six seven oh five sixty pump I six the only 18 and two wireless life funny till noon two I am you want your car on your show just named by buddy nevons of the prestigious son sent us the number one radio show at America Okay, where we gone are there they're too busy for us today We better get to these calls real fast. Okay, and back each call should be about 10 seconds We'll take about 20,000 because they're real busy That's what George keeps hearing from these people well, you know we're all listening, but we're real busy You know what what are they doing? Maybe they're going to the song rest is anybody told me what the attraction is at the song rest No, I keep all the years I keep asking some of the same questions every few months I'll bring it back again even though I know I'm not gonna get an answer because there is no answer It's like all a God bull crap. I mean, how could anybody believe such nonsense is there an answer? No, of course not Because it's the easy way out because they think everybody else believes this balloon everybody claims that they do because it's the appropriate thing to do in public Oh, yeah, sure I believe that there's a heaven in the hell You're gonna burn in hell mr. outright. I believe that crap in a devil with a pitch fork and all these fairy tales and a virgin Mary Got the penis pizza and on the side of the bank building of course we all believe that don't we? No, but it's easier to say yes Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden. So, oh, hello? Yes, sir. I'm a newly arrived refugee from Los Angeles Oh, I have no idea what you're doing here sweetheart. Well, I don't go either But I'm very enthralled with your show and I'd like to know I'd love to buy some CD's to send presence to my associates. Although I'm quite an atheist for Chinooka or Christmas. Yeah, and I just don't really know we need you to tell it. You don't know where to go I'm sure that's we could tell you okay now where are you? I'm in Palm Beach garden. Oh, I'm putting my daughter In Palm Beach Gardens, well, the closest would be in a point in beach or if you want to do it You're just pick up the phone and call. You'd be the phone number. How's that? How about that? Thanks so much nine five four yes five six three yes 30 600 Thank you so much, and I really enjoy you don't stay here too long because you'll learn to hate it Well, I don't take it that it'll ever be possible because you and I agree on many too many things. Okay, have a great life Get out here. Okay, by the way Baltimore leads the nation This is great. In fact, you know before getting this I was talking to River on the phone yesterday Is that a surprise now my good close personal friend Jeff River the voice of the panthers and He were talking about his old days involved a more in Washington and that stuff Of course he's always talking about which I don't want to hear about but and I said well, you know how were those fans in the Baltimore Washington there and he said they stuck and maybe there was a reasonable smell so bad Baltimore has by far The country's highest rate of syphilis at more than 30 times the national average and the city blames the rise of crack in the trading of drugs For sex Baltimore also top the nation in gonorrhea was the right nine times the national average Like those Baltimore people They stuck the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Monday ranked the 20 cities with the highest rates of two sexually transmitted diseases last year And guess what we finally got an anxious discussing me full-thing list that we didn't make All right Just in case you want to check these out because you've got to be running around the country screwing around Besides, while the more 14 cities appear OIC this is just the cities that appeared on both was so we don't really have the whole Washington D. Oh look at Washington D. See what you know about those fans St. Louis had landed Detroit Richmond the Richmond Virginia Newark, New Jersey. Well, you know about newer Norfer Virginia New Orleans Memphis Tennessee Oklahoma City Birmingham, Alabama Chicago Nashville and Milwaukee What are seem to be an over abundance of those in the model? I want to see what kind of cities they are you want to say? We have an open line in Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty and palm five sixty on the 18th New wireless line Maybe they just have a small crack problem Here's a mobile in Wellington hello Yes, sir. Yes, I am how you doing today. Okay. Hey, I bought your poll. I think Colombians will be the best. Yeah Based on them because I'm one of them though. Yeah, and based on they got the good stuff And I'm sending you a small check is not too much. They look away if it's a dollar will take it I mean anything believe me if we just got enough people off the rest you'd be amazed how much we could raise in three weeks And the best part of it is I'm sending the airborne express so you'll get it off someday Excellent All right, okay, thank you so much. Yeah, he said and check we believe that two open lines in the Broward to a date five six 70 five 60 and palm five sixty on the 18th he always said someday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir I'm just with fire My name is working on that That's what I just said sir get a new phone and get out from underwater water boy look what it did Lord bridges He's dead Oh, and I did it spent so much time underwater Open line at Broward all three and day the two busy for Neil today. That's the message from here to the holidays Maybe after the first of the year. They're gonna come back. Oh, maybe not Got a whole new deal cooking now here. You know last last couple of weeks everything was rolling along So good as long I come in yesterday and yesterday They all know it's getting too close to the holidays. We're too busy. Okay. Hi. This is Mari for which wishing you a happy honey. Yeah easy for you to say okay You big nose bastard easy for you to say how's Connie doing by the way? Here's a mobile in this is brutal. Mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Good morning Neil. How are you okay? It's funny you bring up the the saga after that. I've always felt it's because nothing there I mean you're actually gonna respond to my comments about the saga as meals month I think one of the reasons most of my audience says we spotted because most of us never go there and I live right there Neil there's nothing else to do except shop and I'm not a shopper So I work all day but I can understand shopping in a mall where they have like great Stories or like the Glendale mall out in LA. I mean big amazing beautiful malls where they have great merchandise Well, what what is the attraction what is it good they have that I haven't seen yet? Well, the New York Diamonds exchange is pretty good if you if you can't find you find what you want to Beverly's go to the diamond Yeah, well that's what my friend Freddy's yours is in there too. I'll forget him. Oh, I didn't know he was in there. Yes, he's in there. Oh Check Freddy's out no store friends of wolf camera in there too. So like I said wolf camera in Freddy's yours anything else we can think of no It's a great place to go on that right take my kids to that over price rest not dirty Amazon queen or jungle Whatever it is that the Amazon queen the Amazon Now is that at the yellow two kind or the purple pellets on the I think it's I think it's in between both of them yeah and Neil The sports on the board thinking he might say the indigo iguana. Yes Neil if I hear any more about the controversy of the ball game Who should be in the Great before if I said this yesterday and a more listen to more convinced this man needs a lobotomy He is so obsessed with this college football craft who cares? Here's and Neil we're not anywhere near Tallahassee when I did where near Gainesville and deep always like locked in this Gator of Seminal thing and it's like he needs to have a part of his brain removal Surgeon well, we're not near the ball game theater is ripping a media on the out. That's neither here to there Those are my opinions, okay? And the media over the years they've said some good things about me in the show they said some crappy things It takes them shot hey, that's the way it goes Or when you try to do something for a good charity and you try to raise some money There was any reason to be hard as but of course the media list down are basically a bunch of hard assets Especially buddy never he's an asshole exactly and a little for with a bad beard So you know what he sends this out and well wait what that is new times gonna be putting this in How about city a Georgia's laughing is there? How about cityling? No, which I think they left the h of that word. How does fell at SIT why SIT why cityling are they gonna be putting in a plug for our own oh You know it's great and I appreciate it very much, Woody, but I'm still waiting with faded breath You see if anybody's gonna give us any assistance on this How about Tom jica time right anything about our center one fund razor? All the money near Rajas's way for charity. Oh about the only time it's ever been even mentioned was when Ellie Brecker wrote that big top piece Which I think are for profusely and she put that in there And you know a couple of other times over the years there's been like a mention a casual mention to the fact that you come over Thousands and center one and the fund razor it's at her and so on Well the purpose of that series besides the goose up their ratings during the Sweets we can November the purpose of that series was allegedly to show the good side of people on here They know even the aradres who comes off like a real prick on a radio He's a good guy. He does nice things he helps other people he wore raises money for charity and there was nothing Not one word said about any of the fund razors and it was timely It was it was the peace appeared during the period of time when we're in the middle of the fund razor was there anything on it about it? Oh, thank you so much Diane Was either was just a bulletin on your box you were to measure you want it? Well not a bulletin, but the court news quality the Speechman hearings it was a news quality you don't think you might have died do you? Yeah, oh, oh better check on that real quick I'll keep watching again the death watch is on don't tell a little red coat text. It'll be just crushed As another part of Americana, but it was I mean he was equal and handled the fact that George Burns died And who was the other way audience to not to die and guess what Greg even Joe to measure you will die? How do you like that? Oh my god? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about 30 pounds and two months? Yeah, moving crack. Uh, yeah, I think you thought you sounded like you had a crack problem We have an open line in uh, Broward and line here's a mobile in Davy hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. I'm going to do it. I heard the last ball It was the battle because I was gonna tell you that I just started a diet today And I was gonna I was talking about the crack and I went to somebody was talking about Well, I just I'm not gonna go on body acting book. I'm not gonna be an article about that I want Cheese like you know you can have cheese on the yakins. Well, what kind of cheese you talking about hard cheese? Not soft cheese This doesn't have your wife so excited. They like it. You wanted hard not soft. Okay, one line left on the board. Look at this This is this is brutal You know and another thing and you know what really kills me about this audience at about this whole town in general Is one you know here a guy comes and takes a cheap shot which really Sets a fire off under my eyes about our fundraising thing and at the time when you're reading Looking for the audience know what to say and to come forward give you some support or all support like you know They're behind you there. We do they want to do something they want to make something happen And they just disappear They just vanish You know you go on do these appearances 20 people show up Well, we're too busy for that. We're a list number. We're all too busy. We got more important things to do And that's what happens when you stay in one place who goddamn long They take you for granted like the woodworks like the carpeting, you know like the furniture It's just there and you take it for granted George is give me a dumb look and I'm giving him a dumb look. So you're right. Yeah, I know I'm right I know I'm right, but I mean this is this is just pathetic I got one caller on a board again to deadline somehow died on me today just died And no matter how many different things I've talked about it these people got nothing because That whatever one is that they're doing maybe they're running to the subwrestle and bestigate for me to see what's going on It is so exciting. I don't know what it is that they're doing But it's a hell of a lot more important than us maybe they're sitting there watching this stupid crap I'm gonna tell you something if there are people out there watching this impeachment crap again God help us all If you people are sitting there watching all these talking head Contificating and saying the same crap we've been here for the last 12 months now Then you need assistance man this whole country needs help I Said you know and we can pop it up if you want to hear the goddamn impeachment hearings Then we can pop it up let's see it and pop this that thing hooked up in here now Did we get that straightened out? Pop it up and see if this clown is on there. Just be spectacle clown. That's talking to trying He's talking we don't hear nothing No Are you crappy me? So in other words just something momentous was about that happened which is not but if it were And we wanted to put it on here we can't do it again because of the technical incompetence in this joint And it was working before yeah was working. No. Yeah, well every now and then just like oh when we come on here Yesterday we came on had a problem come on again today had a problem Technical amazement and these guys upstairs. Oh, we don't understand what needles are upset about what he's making such a big fuss I'd like to do is just come in do the best you can under all the formidable odds Try to do four hours of something whatever it had you call this a crap And one day the stuff works the next day it doesn't work the glasses on away from California and You know And everybody's walking around when they're finger when each other record and in the meantime technically They be easily people ages faster you're an embarrassment The bees leaves over there in Naples you people are an industry embarrassment. I don't care how if people get pissed off here And I did so the truth It's the truth there are kids with little toy radio stations in their basement up north who have better equipment that we've got On guarantee of hyper high up there is a KPS that got better stuff than we got and equipment to Yeah, keep banging on it Ten minutes after an equipment to it. I asked that's why I tested it because I had this feeling in the end of the pit of my rectum stomach that We're gonna be shot out again I'll be a Roger Scott 17 at five sixty wqa and well we had the eight thousand calls online when we were to see again It's a part of the product of this format which I'm told well the answer for that is after December is over And then when January comes we won't have any business on long and you'll have no spots radio again And then you'll get some calls and I hold on for a while because they might you might actually get to some Well, that's terrific. That's really great boys 56050560 560 on a mobile one and again the bottom line is they don't care They do not care we must get on 20 million spots because we all wait in the mortgage on a whole goddamn place Okay, we must get on 50 billion spots because that's the only that's the only way we can possibly survive Tell me Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, you're good. Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? I was talking about supermarket floor earlier. Yeah, and I was wondering what happened to it was a supermarket I mean there was as big as the whole ceiling as I cost or I mean everything in more well extra I don't know if you remember long gone long gone They're right at the bag what happened is they wanted to make you bag your own and we all got together and said Oh, and that's it that's the end of that that place You know what our people say moved out of town when we moved back to New York and stopped the buying up all those industrial size boxes The cereal and the ship boy already that kind of put a crimp in their plan Remember these are those big gigantic industrial size Huge vats like for schools. I used to go there with fat rich used to shop together And once they stopped going there. Yeah, that was another one that went down there. Good good job there, pal Right down the tubes. You have to bag your own Now it's taken Amsterdam you go to the supermarket and they've got some nice markets not like the ones we have here But they have some decent markets and You not only bag you own groceries, but you pay it's just like 25 cents or whatever But you pay a few builders or a few a sense for a bag for plastic shopping bag And then they shove everything to be ended thing and they have a divider for the next person's grocery and you bag your own Too old for I thought you'd be very interested in by the way, you know they put mayonnaise on a fries in Whoop it lies in line? How do you like that as once again? Judged for both of these educating the work and Here's a mobile and highly hello. Hey, and here how's it going? Okay, I'm called over here. Well anyway Real quickly. I'm a work and I'm hiding from the boss One thing I picked up for a world to God. I'd Amazon that ten times the price. Oh, yeah So I'm actually a waiting for it and I should have it in a couple of days excellent you love it all right I got a run thanks later. Okay, that'd be a good to holiday give to for some of your religious nuts that you got out there And buy a copy of that book and just kind of lay it under their tree under their Hanukkah bush or whatever it is That's a celebrate say he just kind of perused through this okay and cleanse your brain of all that bull crap all that propaganda Oh, no, we can't do that. It's a good go set Well, that is a good book for well the God by Charles Temple. That is a good book Open-minded, Howard, all three and then look at this enthusiasm the South Florida audience coming to the O'Rodges rescue Just at the time when you need them the most just at this desperate time of the year look at these people Tiling on here on the lines. We're gonna get a goddamn yellow flag for piling on baby That's the way that they're operating doing it here today. They're not doing it at all for love or money I guess they don't even want those dolphin jet stickers Here's a mobile and broke it. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir All right, I just wanted to call the election know that I do listen and I'm not terribly busy enough to drop your phone call the staff got your back Whatever I can do, which is probably go to borders here in a little bit and buy some stuff I think I want right there in Boko how do you like that? That's just what I was looking here because I've got a few of them for a my years past and they love him Why you live in Alabama and they love your offensive heel the one they like fence up there was one from my 95 Yeah, and they thought that was just great and told me to like get the hell out of Alabama So here I am and don't ever come back right exactly It's one of the lecture. No, it was here, man. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal Go on by a 20 or 30 all right. Thank you so much. Okay one call left in a board that said five six seven Oh five 60 palm five 60. I mean we're pushing it pulling it in nothing's happening here yesterday today That was the demarcation line. Okay. Did that were living in from maybe December 7 1998 Roosevelt was way ahead of his time little they know forget about Pearl Harbor yesterday with the day that live in and for me They the demarcation line for this year because now they've really now they're real busy They are so preoccupied they haven't got time they got the radio on I know that Everywhere I go oh by the way I want to say hello to my close personal friend I don't know if she's got a radio in the turn-pack told booth I wish I knew her name Remember I was telling you about her the other day I see her every day on the way home because I don't no longer go to county line road because I'll attend construction 441 So I go back by the city in there She's got the right hair in the red fingernails and her son was in this show and she knows me and everything How are you nice to have two been lady? She's great she's the best how you don't sweet heart I'll be looking forward to see you to a clock believe me. I'm looking forward to see you You have no idea how much because that means I'll be getting out of here. I had enough to hurt you how away Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah You still work with a lady from Norway and she says it no way and a lot of European countries yet They bring their own bags to the supermarkets. That's correct. Do you why old be bring your own bag? That's cool. I mean Like grandma Yeah, I went on the new website and Did you look nice happen all the fifths and clips and stuff are they coming back soon or I have no idea It happened to ask you or I don't know whether bringing that back or what he's doing with it Hey, I don't be a douchebag bring back the fifths in the clip. Okay I had a red light Okay, we have an open line in Broward one in date not there today. Oh, ladies. Come say happy holidays happy Hanika have a happy query Christmas happy new year. Thanks for all the great entertainment the last many many years No, you know those people out there any women no no because they hit me like poison cuz their sour pushes That's what their problem is in his town 80 90% of the women we get like a 1.5 or 2-shirt and women tops tops tops That's what we get women with sour looks at him. Hey, like I just cut a real bad That's right cuts a real serious bad cheese like they just walked in that supermarket with a smell of rotting and fish Wanting to their nostrils That's what most of the women in this town will tell you when they hear about this show or hear my name or you turn on the radio Play one of my tapes for like two seconds or more or turn on at the TV show when they get nothing off of their already There's so anxious to get that led that thing off of there. That's what mister Seb yesterday or Sunday in a hero because that's the problem with whammy. It's not that city That's oh, yeah, it's not that problem and it's not ocean drive and it's not that awful newscast that they show 85 times It's not the washing reruns of mesh. It's the new Rogers show He's the chigrid or what but not that stupid sports show where they were playing grab ass on the sofa with each other all the time No, it's the new Rogers show. That's the problem with with everything. That's right with buddy Nevin with a whammy new Rogers He's the problem Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello Mobile in Hollywood The holidays you'll got and you back to you sir Hey, can I throw out for those just office? Yeah, right, huh? Okay? Here's Miami. Hello, did you hear that? Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir Stay away from the guayabairers Yeah, okay. Thanks stay away from the guayabairers Little bit behind the time sir. I have a war no guayabairers in about a hundred years. Okay, asshole You wouldn't know a guayabair if somebody's stuck with a new recto when they beat us to what they already did went and got pulled out Hell We have an open line in day five six-step here's a mobile in Hell and Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi Hey, I won by boarder. Yeah, and I wanted to ask you question. I got the two did you do that? Thank you and They put the money in envelope. What's the whole trip? What's over that? Well, because it's separate They don't put in their cash drawer because we don't want borders getting the money that all goes up Go straight to center one. Well, yes, right out of it Yeah Registres separate We stayed there right till let's see five to seven o'clock seven at night They're almost seven and you guys like we're gone. Yeah, sorry What we do? Yes, you're okay. We have an open line in day five six often tickets. You're it's five six time 12 26 all the dolphin tickets you want right here on five sixty QA for thirty no problem at all baby We got dolphin tickets up the old fat template. That's right as we want to take care of our crowd Forget about them doing anything for us or for charity We want to take care of this audience baby because when I ask them they are right there They're right on top of it. They're they're to support me and stand behind me. No 20 or 30 miles back up the road So I think thank you Today anyway, I want them oh and sausages or gold sausages that look like dodgers Yeah, the ones always come start together. Why is that? I want it one under a he and we have a some fast food place I want it. We're gonna re-heat land but where do you? Oh, yeah, I want it. I want bacon really fatty and wins the win you pick it up. He's good at cooked on your finger And games with your girlfriend I want it to be a fat dollar waiters with a mustache so I am a stupid Hey Don't want to stand in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time They do that it's daddy. Lenny. I mean America others and you all you can eat grand slam breakfast Vanu at Lenny's it's everything you already expect them ladies just a lot more of it at room temperature Hey, that's the good news baby out there on West Proud out in the acres. We got our Denny And you know it's interesting because the Denny's is about like two we're like about a half a block away from where Boston market used to be And people used to say about Boston market. Well, you know it's on the wrong side of the street. It's you know East Fonda Yeah, it's on the wrong side of the street that Denny since the day they opened a few days ago You can drive by there cuz they're open 24 hours a day any time morning noon and night and that place is Tath you think they were giving food away You think that they were stuffing gold and every goddamn piece of My mother your mama's pie whatever it is they serve there Is that what it is your mama's pie that their famous for? Well, they do have good pies, but I mean that place is just not maybe Boston market's problem was Nobody could figure out what hell it was you know was Boston chicken it was Boston market It was chicken well, you know whatever it was Now you want you want 10 sides with that you want you know nobody and the what that was all about And they're not there anymore Here's a lady mobile and parkland hello Yes, man. I'm the Elm or yeah, okay? I heard you said that you've never got any women Collars because it's been listening all morning. I thought I would call which Well, yeah, next week. That was very nice and Reminding everybody that you're getting out your She's a wonderful yes, they are they've been a great gift for people you love and they make better gifts for people you hate right? Everyone in my left rest of the people I can't stand Got your video right right You I'm glad to help them and I thought the guy who was filling in for George was wonderful And George right Joe did a great job He did a great job and I prefer it when they're takes playing when you're not there because I miss a lot of your show That I don't always get to listen to a George is boring. Okay, George. Thank you so much. I know and then the other thing at George does is when women Collars call He makes sure that they wait a lot longer than the male Collars to get on No, he does not well that that's not true People are he everybody is here on order and There's any change in the order. It's only because I see something on there that might you know attract my eye like somebody from a van or something True So he never you Must pass you're but not quite as bad as you think and have a great day and thank you so much And George is okay. We have an open line of grower five six seven oh five six They well listen not everybody can like us both She likes me. She hates you like poison, okay? And she thinks that you're a sexist pig who doesn't like women except just to use them and I think you know Right huh here is a Cape Coral hello Yes, yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you. You know I want to pick