I've been monitoring your show for seven years now. Yeah. And I love it. Hey, listen, I already below my brains up. I am ready to kill someone, maybe like a hookworm. I don't know anything. But the real listeners are going to keep watching it, no matter what a abortion it is. But that's not the point. I know. Let me just explain one thing to you. Okay, to show you the power of television. We had a one share. That translates to like almost 14,000 homes. So if there's street, average of three people know, that's like 42,000 people watched it. 30, again, a 10, 30. So it's taken me four days on a station that doesn't even really exist. Four days to get as many people watching it one moment as I have in 22 and a half years on a radio as we have in any quarter hour here. Four days. Right. Let me know the potential there is phenomenal. So it's great that the people listen to the show are watching. That's part of what we want. But also the idea is to get people who never heard the show to be watched. Right. And that doesn't seem like it's going to be a great thing. Well, it might not have been not if they put it on there like that. I've got a bunch of bows I was putting it together and have this great, oh, we got to see one thing about television people. They have an obsession with like dead lines. See, this is a tape show. There's that has not to be any dead line with this. They can put it on next Monday or week from the circus. They can put it on whenever. The stuff I was talking about the last four days. It was all timeless. I mean, it could have been on any time. Right. Originally, I thought that was a good idea. I mean, the Pope was an asshole last week. The Pope will be a silly old asshole with the rest next week. There was no timeliness. And then you know that unless he croaks soon. Hey, let me ask you when those cameras like the one that's in front of you and George, when they're on you, there is there a red light that's lit up on it. Oh, yeah. Okay, why I think no. Of course, there's not a red light. I don't know. Let me say to you again, I'm not doing a show for television. No, no, no, no. No, no. In fact, let me tell you how misrepresented this whole thing was. When I agreed to do this, I was told all sorts of things, none of which have come true by the way. They were going to have a truck out in the parking lot. They were going to have one guy with a camera in here. The guys and they're not complaining about the guys in the other room because they've been very out of two or seven, they're fine. But they were going to be out in a truck. It was going to be one guy here with a camera and life would just go on. It would be no, I sit down here last Monday. They got a big spotlight shining in my face. Oh, is that okay? I said, of course not. I can't sit like this for four hours. Blinded by the light, baby. And it's gotten better from there. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. God, how you doing? Pretty good. You're no sponsor. A lot better. Yeah. Listen, I have the solution to show. But if I give it to you, I want to show. I wonder if they produced Howard Show one time on E like that. How long it would stay on E. I think he's got to stop forget it. You know, it's side. Okay. And besides Howard has a cast. He has an eye on it. I'm not here to talk about Howard. Yeah, Howard. Yeah. He gets it. Yeah. Howard. Okay. First of all, the editing delaying, you got it delay the show for at least a day or two to give the guy the time, especially the end of this. See, this goes back to a guy over in the other place over there on the beach. One of their big shots from this company, his name is Stinky. And this Stinky guy, he thinks he's a real expert. I'd like to find out what the other shows on the station had last night. Oh, seriously, they had bad numbers. And we had a one. And they had like practically nothing as what the joists tell me over there behind your back. Zero? Oh, God. So we better, they better suck up to us. You hear that, Stinky? You better be nice to us, okay? Because we're all you got. They sample the other crap on here for three days and they're all gone. And they were starting to get into my show and now you're a butcher and Ed. And that news for another week like this and it'll be a hey, how's that home shop and coming? Get those pubics or conniers out, baby. Wasn't so bad after all, huh? Okay, let's go to Miami Beach, hello. I believe. Yes, sir. Hey, what's that, listen, I was just calling to tell you that. I'm curious, getting laid a lot. Yes, sir. I saw the show last night. And yeah, there were some mess ups. But there were some mess ups. There were some mess ups. There were mess ups and I show last night. Come on. You're a little picky man. But listen, the same thing happened on Oprah in the midst of all the whaling. And that was whiving my eyes. It happened to Oprah. It's a fucking bitch. The color bars came across the screen. Oh, right. Oh, God. I feel much better now. It happened to that goddamn LC. The Borden Cow looked like Oprah with a bone in her nose. It's at Harper's Studios and it was a time clock and it was terrible. Great. And as I was wiping my eyes, I was crying for both reasons. But see, I know, for sure, you'll have to be watching for about two years. This year happened again because everybody will get the rest fired. But on my show, it'll, you know, just watch tonight. Well, when you got to watch him, I won't. I will not be watching that. Well, I'll be watching again. I'll have one to two and hope it gets better. Let's go up to a two-share just to piss everybody off. And then, you know, something that will purposely screw it all up. People will say, what is this anyway? Have a great day, pal. You too. But what? Good luck to us. Here's a lady mobile in Weston. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. It's not just your show that wasn't good yesterday. I think where me of Miami is pretty bad in general itself. Well, let's rip them and ask. That's a great idea. Okay. They suck, but you're gone. Well, what else did you see? No, I just don't like the whole show in general. The whole station, you mean? Yeah, the whole station, the whole concept. Well, which things did you watch that you hated like poison? Did you watch this? I watched it the first few days. Like from seven o'clock, you know, where it just has all the traffic, DJ, you know. That was brought to you. Oh, you mean in the morning? Yeah, I want to talk to you. Yeah, at least I got good personalities on it. Morning traffic show. On. Yeah, nothing. Right. In fact, if I would have watched that this morning, I would have seen the wreck on the turn, and I could have avoided it all that grief. That's what I should have done instead of waiting here. Joe Brennan gives some useful information. Well, he's always like can. Can we have a good voice? He's up touch with the good voice. That's your Brennan. He's up touch with the great voice. And he makes me sick to my stomach. I hate you, Joe. Don't take it, person. Unless you want to. Well, you have a great day. Neal. Thanks for the good news. I'm glad you love Channel 69. Not. She hates it. She hates everything on there. She hates the tested. She think there's a comic-pink-o plot. Here's a coral reef, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First time listening to her and your, I guess, the television program. Or you sound very depressed, and I can easily understand why. Well, I'm depressed because I really like the program, you know, television. But it seems that you have some relief and experience people down there. Yes. Three-year-old kids, they work for, like, four cents an hour, and a bunch of young kids. And maybe, from foreign countries to now. Yeah. But if, as a matter of fact, that's why they put the studio on South Beach because they're getting all the illegal aliens washing up on the shore. That's right. I really see a big future for you until it was... Yeah. Oh, God. All we thought was pretty good. Yeah. Ask suckers. Here's, and if they thought that was good, just wait. Can we get on a real station? I mean, till it gets done right. Here's a lady in a crowg spring, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, I've been looking here so now for a while, and I was thrilled when I heard it would be on TV. And... And then I tuned in and what's up with that? It was horrible. Yeah. I know it's, you know, I know you're not too happy about it. Oh, too happy. I'm ready to murder somebody at least maybe 2030 people. And you think it was crappy last night. What are they going to do tonight? They're going to have to etat out all the segments in there. No, they're not. They're going to put all this in there. Reem and thank you. Yes, they're going to have me reaming a stinky. Oh, yeah. Yep. The fact that's going to be the name of the show tonight. I'm going to be going to be called Reem and stinky. It about what I'm just going to play the deck in the box segment for 30 minutes. Oh, we're not over again. You know, I sit here staring around the walls. I just called, let you know that you have a 25 year old female audience out there. Oh, God bless you sweetheart. You have a nice day. Don't leave us. Don't kill anybody. Okay. Sunny Isles. That's my new show. I've got a TV guide in front of me right now. Yeah. I've been trying to get you a TV show since Monday. Yeah. They have as follows. It goes from 29 to 33. And then they got you on a 39 at 830. George, good at George. And George is caught down for. What is it? They could say, you want someone else to talk and well, I am. And I've held up a minute. On on 830, they got Neil at night, but they don't even, they got four to nine. Yeah. I've finally gave up today. I learned that there is, I'm a, we want on the table vision. What channel are you on? Well, why did you have to go through that whole prep prep for play? Why don't you just say I'm on the table? I'll keep it. I'll keep it. Oh, listen to me. You asked me the question. You're on cable vision and where North Bay villas, Miami Beach. No, it's sunny out. Channel 30. Thank you. You're welcome. Why couldn't you just ask that? I mean, I ordinarily, I would say, killed some good time, but in that case, it killed lots of bad time. It was not quality time. It destroyed the quality of my life. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I, yes. I saw you stole that snake for the first time. I'm so sorry. I apologize. It wasn't that. I asked my brother. He told me you were gay. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Here's Davey. Hello. Hello there, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm joined the show on radio and TV. Yeah. And down Hollywood and in the non channel too. You're getting it on too. And they're getting it in Hollywood. Reception was a little crappy. I don't know if it's my television on the antenna or everything else. Every other channel comes and close the clear line. I want a big black screen comes on there, though. I bet you that's real clear. What it comes on for like about a minute and a half that black dead screen. You know, it becomes where you get used to it. And that doesn't bother you so much. Uh-huh. Eventually, you're going to come on. Okay. You're easy. I'm gonna have to cut your back. Okay. Okay. Go to radio. We have an open line today. It's a very simple thing. Okay. Good Sean. Sak in an AV switch You cost you like 395. Get you a one of those cheap UI chev ring antennaタ's Coustey by 295 over the air you flip it over to beat and with your little UHF ring you'll get 17 23 45 51 69 but I beat by the boat but you got it? Not that complicated. This guy must be one of the technicians down there I'd like to roll to Channel 69. Just can't finger it out. There's a lady in Miami, hello? Yes, man. Yes, hi. I need to find out if you guys are really good. Is that true? Guys? Everyone there. Everyone here is good, yes. Everyone. But you know that I can make your turn straight. No, I don't think so. I could. No interest in my body. Yeah. My body. Believe me. You're a cool crazy guy. I hate to bring the nastiest sweetheart. Not interested. Baby, you're a thing. You ever see Elsey the board the board in Cal? She's got a couple of big hooters too but it's no interest. Listen, your finger would stand up so hard. My finger don't stand up. Have you really see my finger? Honey, believe me. I got a third. Let me ask you something. You're having problems finding if you're so hot. How can we have problems finding some mutual relationship out there? I'm not. Some companionship. Honey, I have so many men that they were gay and I've turned to the straight. Oh, you turned them straight. But how, yeah. Isn't that a miracle? How did you do that? Do you have a magic wand? No. Did you wave your magic wand and say, what are you saying? You're strange. No, baby. Does it disturb you that I have no sexual interest in you or any other women? Does that disturb you? Do you find that? You obviously have a complex about that. Just all Jewish men are gay. Yeah, that's true. Well, we know that. Oh, so in other words, what you're looking for is a good circumstance penis. That's what you want. Honey, I'll take care of all that them. What's your problem is? I'll take them circumsize and without circumsation. I'll do the doll. I'll send you over a couple of the mail. Put them in an envelope, George. I'm going to call you, Terry. We're going to send you Gary Sarners first if we could find one. Oh, and that Bob eyes in Brutette. That PC. I'm serious. If that wasn't a dead beaver on his head this morning. In fact, Wally was running around saying, hey, beaver to hell, are you? I said, right over here, Bob eyes in Brutette. We have an open, that was a beautiful. That was a touching thing. I'm so emotional. I'm my dingling. It was just an open line in day five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. All you people over there are gay, all Jewish men are gay. Yeah, tell that to Milton Burl by the way, who's sung like a goddamn moose. Although he does always run around and drag. Here's Pomp and O.B. Cholo. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, the old belisson you for last ten years and your show just gets better and better every day. Yes, it does. Oh, call her as good. I don't know. I don't know. She was beautiful. Oh, I don't know. Thank you. We're going to be giving her a number out a little bit later on today. Yeah, I have a dingher for her. Yeah, I bet. I got a dingher in my finger. Yeah, oh, geez. White ball. Neil, have you seen the local section of sunset? All today? It's in a waste basket. I peruse did I miss something? Yes, you did. There's an article right in front of local section. It's Catholic church forced to go. Why are you ready read from that? I did. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. About the cases that have been all swept in right. About the guys in pencil. Right. Right. I send believe. Yeah, I'm not. It's very believable. It's exactly what's been going on for many, many years. And yet both newspapers write these glowing editorial about how courageous it is that the church finally is dealing with these things openly and honestly, which is a blatant God damn line. We all know that. And nobody wants to talk about it. That's right. I mean, the South, like you wrote a article. It's like work forward. There's a lot of one thing I'll say for the Sun Sentinel because we have a few more English speaking people in Broward County, and then out of the interest in pandering to their Catholic Hispanic constituents like the Harold is always doing. The Sun Sentinel, at least the last couple of days, had some articles like this in John Grogens column a couple of days ago that, you know, told it like it wasn't made a lot of sense. The Harold on the other hand is busy. They're terrified that they might to alienate their Hispanic constituency. None of whom are reading their paper anyway, but that's their mentality. Right. Have a great day. I knew. I knew. Okay. We have an open line of day. Yeah, you fought you. Fakers over there at the Harold man. You people are at disgrace. You're a joke. You're a joke. And I rid of people move up in a bailout. After the Tony Ritter got through peddling this goddamn scam in date, county with at Mickey Ereson, Zarina, because they're so concerned about the future of this town, right, that they were picking up and moving to the Silicon Valley, Silicon Valley. And just pandering, pandering, pandering, pandering, and bend over backwards. My god, if they ever dropped a soap over there, that woman is really going to be busy. Just they've been doing this for as long as I can remember, pandering to people who hate them like poison, don't read their goddamn newspaper. They would be like, my son, here playing rap music, and then I'll show all day, pandering to an audience that I don't be having. They do not be listening, okay? The rap has to do not be listening to this show. They be puffin' it and puff that, too. Do you know what I'd be talkin' about? Yeah, I'm on. All right. God. I know it's just just dreaming, but if we just had a real newspaper in this town, I'm just asking for a little look. I find it bizarre that after that exchange yesterday that we come on and we don't even get a phone call about it. And I ask about it here this morning. And, you know, we got the one guy and we got one other person on the phone here. Because I'm tony. There is a divide. There is a silent war and a given example. I'll give you a perfect example. Listen to this. The sport. First of all, Barry Jackass has a big thing about channel 69 years up for Switch, switching from home shopping to channel 69. And of course, his rationale would be, oh, well, he writes about sports on the year. And this isn't the sports show. So, needless to say, he writes about the heat games are going to be on there. They got a live sports show. Ten of clock every night they're going to be doing this. They're going to be doing soccer and yadia. No mention, of course, the new Rogers who is on QA in the sports station will be on not once but twice a night, 830 and 1030 PM on channel 69. As students and raise holy hell. If you have any cable outfit, call them up and say, hey, you're breaking a log guide. They're not, we don't care whether you like channel 69 ready that bogus programming they've got on or that fact that's on. And we don't care about that. But we want to watch whatever we want to watch. And it's supposed to be on there. And we don't care if Tom jik is a, you know, that's what I really love. What Tom jik compares this experiment, which it's a experiment with Paxon. You know, he had that article a couple weeks ago where he left it all together about the must carry thing. And they're going to put this on there and it's going to be on all the cable system because the must carry thing fast like the Paxon thing. Paxon has just got a bunch of blurry informers on there. That's all he's got. Poorly produced blurry people selling a bunch of blurry poorly produced crap. That's Paxon. And wait till Paxon that starts in in the fall or whatever it's going to start with all those 500 year old TV shows. That's going to go over big. Have you seen that Paxon stock lately, by the way? Well, that's doing big things. A big number. A real big, in fact, he's probably doing a big number. Thank you so much, David. He's got a city link magazine. No doubt. You got your thumb on it. How about the magazine? Soft Florida radio talks. Your host Neil Robb just says it's not. It's just a couple of churches. It's rampant. The Pope and the Poverty. Let's hear it for a city link magazine. The Pope and the Poverty. There you go. There's Bishop Simon's with a shattered glass thing right in front of his post. And then the Kozama, the whole the guys right. Oh, look at that. Woo. Have he doody, baby. He goes on with the whole list of these things in 1966, 1968, 1998 on and on it goes and where it stops nobody knows. It stops at your little kid's general areas where I think. Here's a lady in heaven, sure. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. This is Rose. I'm an heaven, sure. Are you doing well? I've been a listener of yours for, I don't know, since QAM. Oh, my, got since QAM. Yeah. I've been calling Comcast for the last two days. And what are they telling you? They keep telling me, well, I don't know why they wrote that in the Harald. And we don't know when we're going to get it. But I said, heck, I want that station. What does that mean when they're going to get it? Well, if they just have no information. Yeah. So you still got the home shopping network on. He says, yes, we do. I says, well, I don't want that. I want Neil Rogers. So I'm trying. I'm going to keep calling. You call them like 400 times a day until they're a nosebleeds. Absolutely. Love you so much. Thanks a lot, Rose. I have a great day. Comcast, cable. Other scandals in South Florida. And we want something done about it. And we want to done right now. Or else, OK. Or else those people have got your cable there in an adventure. They're going to start canceling their cable left and right. And by the way, let me point out to you. You can get a little, a little ring antenna for U.A. Check out from pickup channel 69 just fine. And all the other U.A.H. have channels too. Right? Stick a code hanger on there. Whatever. Not a code hanger. People in the avatura are going to stick a code hanger on there. Yes. He sounds like John Crawford now. Same shoulders, by the way. He's posing. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Hey. How are you going Neil? OK, sir. I was calling. I got a bunch of friends up in the adventure. And they're really pissed off about that. But you like that? The whole goddamn community of avatura is up in arms. I take the show for them every night. I've been watching since the came along. Yeah. They're up. I have one of them that's pulling up the appeal and he's only one that's like. But they're pissed off that they just, they don't want to have to switch off cable. Just go watch one show. That's right. And it's just, it's not right for them. It's supposed to be on it. It's the law. We have a bunch of habitual law breakers that come cast cable in avatura. It's the law. It's from the Fed. It's a federal offense. What they're doing. I say stick their ass in jail in the electric chair. It also is a guy that called in earlier about the 95 being dirty. Yeah. They already paid somebody to do it. You just invisible money. Hey, listen, nothing's perfect. At least they have good intentions. Have a great day, pal. Alright. See you. Keep working on it. And the cable too. Comcast. We want that on there. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, watch the 10. 30 show last night. Oh, you saw the good one. Yeah. My wife watched it for the first time. She heard you once a twice on the radio. She's raised Catholics. You heard you reading the manual. And she was doing it manually. Yeah. Like that chick with a lipstick comes on. Yeah. I got to close the personal with that. No. She was a bit shocked because she really hasn't heard words like that on TV. You know. Yeah. But after what she said, you know, he makes sense. And it's true. You do make sense. George look good. He actually thought George was cute. Oh, right. Oh, right. No, she did. I don't know. I want to look at his cigars. You smoking. Yeah. And one thing I'd like to just give you a little advice. Yes sir. Look like you're looking at a teleprompter to the local. Oh, I'm looking at the clock. Okay. See, you know how we could solve that by moving the clock down. Of course, that would require a great effort on our engineers part here in the estate. You know. But you're looking down into the lift. You know, get your eyes up man. Come on. Get it up. Get it up. Okay. I'm popping one right now. Little blue thing. Great show. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. To our producer that we gave a lot of crap to yesterday because of his connection with the girl. He said, I'm not the lips. They're on the 11 o'clock thing. I know his headlines. Stop me. What is it? Stephanie. We actually have our name. Oh, it's Stephanie and her lips and it's all in tongue. But at any rate, the the whole crew told me this morning. He does, you know, he does a little bit of tight. But he does have the most perfect penis we've ever seen. So what, you know, what's not to like? That was a great story that Rob must have had that dream last night that his father said that he thought he was standing in behind me the old show. His father lives in heaven. Sure. He's on his cable. So he whipped it out the little tiny one, little tiny TV with the rabbit ears and was watching from there. And of course, we've got the Enrique thing with that gigantic huge cigar between his legs. And he thought that was Rob standing back there. Must have, he must have a real bad, bad TV. I mean, first of all, the tip off if I can use that term is the a forestkin. We know that wouldn't be Rob. Right? And Enrique sure don't have a perfect penis like Rob is got. Here is Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You're taking that show, man. How did they edit it down from your four hour show? What's the tip? Do you have any, uh, stay in that? Yeah, they had the, you know, that the wheel they use on, uh, wheel of fortune. They spit it around. We got the Pat Sage, I can better me spinning it right now. They have to have the wheel too. I think we'll not have, uh, uh, uh, we have a staff of 62 goi and the other room are like, uh, sitting in spinning and twisting and clipping and, uh, sucking and whatever they're doing over there. They're doing it. How many of you see more crock shots of whom? I love you and George. Oh, if you want to see our crock, believe me, you went better than I say. You better have better eyesight than Rob's father. I'll tell you that. How you get the points, man. That's how you get the audience. Okay. After, uh, listen, a Jewish, you guys, uh, flashback to a Jewish pussy over there and then I thought it was a pretty charming, uh, good looking day and day. Okay. Well, listen, they'll give you his number in a second. Not a great day pal. All right. See you. Okay. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. Pretty amazing to finally get your show. What I'm saying is, uh, never seen you show, or never even heard your show until I watched on channel 69. So your number three, oh my god, this audience is growing like topsy. Well, it's unfortunate. I mean, I did not know what time you brought guests in the air and they don't broadcast that along with your show in the evening. Oh, what last time? I finally under penalty of death. I did that thing at the end of the show when I'd mention that. That's, uh, that's a reason it's a little bit slow getting people to find the show is because that should be mentioned over and over and over again. That's a whole idea of it from our standpoint. You can run it on the bottom with the, yeah, we've got a lot of problems. We can have Rob crawling on the bottom of the screen. Another thing is why aren't you in syndication? I mean, if this is the U.S. in network, right? Right. Okay. Hold it. We've only been on for three days. Well, I'm saying is, uh, I mean, they've got two, they have TV stations in the top 12 markets in the country. Yeah, I'm saying it. So we can break it in the point of five. We'll get them to absolutely man. And that's right. Exactly. Screw Howard Stern. Right. Well, I have a good day, Neil. Okay. That's probably a big billion dollar. And God bless you, bye bye. That's the idea. Get it on there in some real markets. That's what we're waiting for. I mean, this place, say, I know these bastards here. I'll be heard him say that a million times. Yeah, good. Blow out your ass. But we get on here in some places where they haven't, to have been exposed to the goddamn anything that we're talking about on here. Or they used to here in the same people mumbling. See, you got your cable systems. You got 400 channels on there. Maybe, and you can flip up and down. Everyone of them, and you got a bunch of people posturing and telling you, a bull crap. There's nobody. Who I'm television tells you anything. That's the truth because they're all worried about covering their God. They're mass. And maybe once every six months, maybe one of those investigative tough show is 60 minutes, 20, 20, they do a show about child molesting priest or about, whatever it is, the Vatican backing scandal, what's there be a 10 years like I said? And then the rest of the time, they don't want to offend anybody. I guarantee you won't see those bear ass bores on Dan Rather. You won't be asking, what's the frequency Kenneth on the CBS evening news? Right Dan? Dan? Here's a mobile info, Lodderdale. Hello? Yes, sir. I don't know if anybody's told you I was a little spary for a driving in Hollywood today. The show is coming in Hollywood today's ago. Oh, I'm a 41 and a shared in street. The WIOD van was there with a sign of this said, the WIOD signed the petition. Oh, you know something? I'm glad you mentioned that because I heard, I forget who told me this, but I think that North Bay Village voted on this two nights ago. And they passed the thing for the condos. I'm glad. How the hell did I get here? Man, I'm going to tell you, Joe Brennan, I forgot, in the heat of all of our discussion here about many other things, which will get into. I forgot to do it, okay? What an idiot. I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's biggest ass. Oh. It's a brand new story about the brand new world's biggest ass. Oh my God. His name is Joe Brennan. He's the new world's biggest asshole. All right. Oh, yeah. You know, when we were on IOD, if I can say that, Joe Brennan was an asshole then, doing the traffic. Got a great voice. He sounds like he knows what he's talking about. The only problem is here on QAM, he's still an asshole, and still doesn't do the thing right. I usually have about a 25 minute drive from where I live to work every day. Not all that bad. 595's a little crowded companies to get on the turnpike. There's no traffic at all. Write it down here. Hershey Highway. Today, as many of you know, I'm sure, in fact many of you are probably still stuck in it right now, there's an overturned crappy truck by the Hollywood by the way, better tell you, it's right by the Hollywood Boulevard exit on the turnpike. See, we're more concerned on this station telling you about the fact that, you know, who's your favorite, uh, ex-marlin player, your favorite dead badminton player, than given a little bit of information out. I mean, wouldn't it have been nice for us stuck in that thing for like an hour and a half they have some idea of where that thing was. I mean, we knew it was on the turnpike show. That was very good. It's backed up. It wasn't just backed up. It was like the end of the world, Mr. an hour and a half later. And Joe Brennan does bother telling us that the, you know, so number one, it's a stress fact. Do you have no idea where the actual wreck is? And number two, you're planning your strategy. I'm going to get off in Hollywood Boulevard as luck would have it. It was right at the Hollywood Boulevard exit. You get around it and then you got to clear sailing to the turnpike. Then I get on honey hill road and guess what? The very first coming east, the very first traffic light, the lightest stuck red. Okay, well, these things happen. There's a malfunction at the junction. 14th court is the intersecting street. And we're sitting there and sitting there and traffic's backing up. And if you see the traffic coming the other way, so obviously the light is stuck. And there is an asshole sitting in front of me in a blue or dark rail of mons, whatever it hell it was. And I'm sorry, LeBaron. And just sitting there and I honked the horn and said, I love, and I'm honking the horn again. And he or she, I couldn't even tell where they are about to win. I don't know. And finally, I leaned on the horn and opened the window. The lightest stuck you idiot. This was just a little frosting on the cake to make it a much more. So happy Friday. And of course, I was already psychotic before I got into the car. I was already 25 this morning to come to work. I was already to blow some of these brains out. In fact, I just might just to make me feel a lot better. I think I'm beginning to understand this Charlton-Heston thing and a whole lug gun thing. It makes you feel a little bit better temporarily. No, seriously, I would have no, oh, I'm by the way. Best show on Channel 69, Spider-Man, or we have to know and be sure and catch that. Oh, God is it. Well, seriously, it's a cartoon, but I missed that when I was a kid. Well, it was a, not I when I was a kid. That is a hell of a show. Isn't it? And then that dance show with all those hot kids on there? I'm going to tell you something, boys and girls, I've had some embarrassing moments in my life. We all have on the air. I have never had anything. In fact, I can't remember the last time that I cried. Probably when somebody I knew died. Years ago, I'm just not one of those crying queens. And last night at 9 o'clock after the 830, the buckle on Channel 69, and the buckle would be a compliment. I turned the TV set, not just back to the hockey game, in the off position and I just sat there and stared contemplating my navel, the ceiling, the wall. You know, for some reason, the 10 o'clock show that's for sure, which I think is a pretty end by the way, we got a one share last night, both at 830 and 1030. I have no idea how. Of course, those people won't be turning it again. See within three days on the fourth day, we finally doubled the audience on our show from a .50 to 01. We start, you know, finally people started to find a guy damn thing. And a one share to be honest within four days, out of nowhere is a miracle. But like I said, I don't think too many of those people will be coming back, not anytime soon. And then, 1030, I switch over from the hockey game, I just go in by the way, caps, nice going, Esa, nice shot. And I watched the first segment of 1030. I'm thinking, okay, this is going to be tighter, this is going to be better. And we go to the break and all of a sudden there's that blank screen again, blank, blank, black screen. And I finally just turned right back to the hockey game and said, no, thank you. And then I get here finally this morning in George tells me the 1030 was 100 times worse than the 830. They repeated the same segment, what three times? Two and a half. Two and a half times Rob's penis. I mean, Rob, they tell me, the whole crew seems to know they must shower together or do something else. But they tell me he has a beautiful, perfect penis, a textbook penis, if you will. But I don't think we need to tell it two and a half times in the same half hour. And then getting back to the 830 segment, getting back to that piece of crap. So we have a spot that runs finally and then we have a PSA in it. There's no audio. There's a little tiny bit of audio, like way in Bangalore, Desse, somewhere you can tell somebody a speaking, okay? Some poor bastard, they're starving to it. And that's where it sounds like they are in Bangalore Desse. You can't hear it. And I'm just sitting there, I'm getting more and more and more embarrassed and humiliated and disgraced and disgusted. Not that I got anything to do with the production of this PSA crap. But how come it is a 10 o'clock thing? It all those sports bits in there. And that thing is strictly produced and they got the live audience about to beat. And everything seems to go fine like a real TV station. How come on that dance party? Think they got in the afternoon? How come that seems to, and even those two punky kids, they got early on the afternoon? Oh, that's a great show by the way, Hank. How come that seems to be okay? And they get everything on the air. But this show, which is taped ahead of time, they just can't get their ass together. Taped ahead of time, all the idiot, all the five-year-old board-up over there has got to do is stop one tape hit a cart. That's all they use carts and TV just to let them out the same kind of carts. They use carts for the spots. Hit the cart, put the spot on, okay? Oh no. I can't do that. It is so bush league, so embarrassing and so humiliating. That I have, I have no words to describe to you how embarrassed I am. And yeah, I got a yellow shirt on today. See, that's more. We got all these people calling it. Oh, no, you'll have to bluish it on today. You'll have a yellow shirt on a peach color, yeah. And see, the idea of being on television is number one across promote the show and number and the station. And the station, by the way, see the five-60 QAM to promote the station, Hank. Number four most is to reach people and hear what I'm saying when I'm talking about the content of the program, which I know for some of the radio audience that's a real shock because, oh, yeah, is he saying it some? Well, you know, they're busy doing Tommy's a douchebag, which is okay. But we had a one share last night, so we had more people tuning in than ever before in four days. And they were treated to a, I have no words to describe it. I'm vast vocabulary has just, I just can't fight a word to describe enough to bring tears to my eyes. I'll tell you that. It's so typical Miami, baby. It's so typical of everything that goes on in this town. Amateur all. Hey, I'm gagging on it. And now I said, I hope you're listening because I said, can you imagine what, what would you think if you went for three trips in a row, especially hundreds of thousands of miles, you showed up at your hotel and I told you didn't have any reservation. And I hear this muffled sound again, and then I hear click. And she hangs up the phone. Jamaican women. Now wonder, I'm telling you, that's why the Jamaican guys are stone all the time. That's why this smoking all that weed because the Jamaican women are a bunch of bitches. They're a good, nasty. And they talked to you in that, and I'm trying to think of a word for that tone. It's very condescending. But in that very kind of pedantic condescending tone. Do you want to get to the bottom of this, or are you just, you know, just spewing an inventing? It's right. So needless to say, I've called back a couple of more times in spoke to a real supervisor who's spoken, wish. And I'm going to find out what her name wasn't, get her as fired. If it's the last thing I do. I don't even care about my reservations anymore. I just want to get this bitch fired because it's inexcusable that you're paying thousands and thousands of dollars for a service, which they can't get right to say. And you want to know what comes back down to again, just like Channel 69, Chief Help. I don't give a shit anymore. If your tooth base doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar build up. The solution? Regular checkups and brushing with new crust. The tartar control tooth based laced with crack cocaine. Hey, sign almost done in there. Blushing can't talk, brushing. Crust is not only clinically proven. It's also highly addictive. See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush. Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes. Blushing, blushing, blushing. If you're not carefully, you're going to wear those teeth down to little nebbins. Grab no! Brought son! Almost got a crust! Look your kids and I healthy habit for life. Brushing with new crust with crack cocaine. Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out old man, this is a car jacking. Billy, what are you doing? I said out. Billy, what are you going? Got a full party gift with crust. New crust toothpaste. Laced with crack cocaine. Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts. Here's a facts from Brian who says, you're absolutely right about those Jamaican women. I had to take a friend of the hospital last week and the Jamaican nurse was rude, condescending, die-dactic bitch. I don't know what kept me from strangling her. Rift those Jamaican women a new one says, Brian. I've gone, Brian. What is it with them? Who the hell are they? They think they don't think is that what it is? This woman, I'm telling you from the timing. Here's a situation where they have screwed up big time. And granted, she personally, I'm sure, was not involved with any of the scroops. But nevertheless, she's a being paid to answer the phone and to straighten this crap out. That's what she's getting paid for. And she's got a goddamn hostile attitude before even like said, hello. She's got a bug up her goddamn victim is what she's got or something up there. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, could you? Yes. For some college. Okay. The lesson you show every day for five years. You never read in the college until today. Okay. I'm here to talk about them to make it. And you tell yourself, people are not on. People at own service business should not hire curvy and people to work in their places because you know what? They think that every single service job has been eaten. Mm-hmm. That they should be working at NASA somewhere or running for president. Right, right. Yep. They should never hire curvy and people. Yeah. Because they took it for the job. They took it for the job. Okay. They took it for the job. And don't need a meter because they suck. Well, I think I got that backward. Okay. I don't see that. Whatever you say. They suck. So there's some good news for you. Go ahead and get a Jamaican woman because they suck. But other than that. No. So the next time that I call anywhere to log you complete or get some information in a, I hear a, Caribbean sounding voice on the other, the phone I'm going to say, well, I'm sorry. I'm not good enough to talk to you. Click. And that'll be the end of the conversation. And I'll keep dialing again until I find somebody, you know, I'm talking about. I mean, maybe I'm prejudiced, huh? You think maybe I might be? Uh-huh. But when I make like travel reservations, when you call these numbers, if it can be anybody that picks up the phone, you know, they're just, uh, basically telephone operators. I prefer talking to a white woman between like 25 and 55. If I'm speaking to a white woman, a heterosexual female. I have a feeling that my, my, my all my information is going to be done right. I'm going to get the job done. When I go show up there, my, my reservation will be done. I'll give my plane tickets and I'm confident that everything will be fine. If I'm talking to anybody else, I always have my doubts. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm a brother of Neil and, um, I should take to make a girl. Okay. Do they suck? They, they suck, Neil. I did one in a national, me who had an argument. And, uh, national, I left, cover up that left, you know, because that come back by the alley that came back. Yeah. So, oh, freak you family at my house. Yeah, I'm a, oh freak you family at my house. Did they at least bring us in good weed? Yeah. And, you know, I had a little, like, half a fight through the whole family. They want to wear white, all of my, my dollar. Who is between me and her? Like, I've got upset. Have they, me, her, went out to the festival one day, right? And I was, you know, they were smoke weed full of weed. Oh, no. They were smoking the wicked weed? Yeah, that's a fish. Jesus. What's wrong with those guy, damn Jamaicans anyway. Smoking the wicked weed. Don't they know it's illegal? Right. They fought part. And, let's know, I'm getting high off somebody else. Okay. All right. Let's hear it. Oh. What's wrong with that? The price is right. Better watch out for that second hand smoke. It's what he'd be saying, right? Yeah, more. And see, this, this goes back to the question I asked weeks ago. I've asked it many times over the last couple of years. Never get a real answer from all you white people that go on vacation and go to the Caribbean. Why? Why would anybody in their right mind who's got the sensible dollars to spend? Why? Why would you go to the Caribbean where, uh, they're hostile to a hate you like poison? Where does all sorts is in the first place? Why would you go there? What's the attraction? Oh, but there's beautiful beaches. You live in Florida and you've got to go there to see beautiful beaches? There are going there for the dope. That's what they're going there is to get the cheap weed. It's got to be. Hashtag be. There's absolutely no other reason in the world to be going there. Here's a mobile in Fort Pierce, hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I just got a little information. I used to be a part of a swingers club and if you knew the six things that go on in swingers club, you would get, you would get religion. I'm not religious. You know, I love the swingers club. Well, let me ask you this. Did anybody coerce you when to go in there? Well, yes. At gunpoint? Well, what happens is they have a lot of anal sex with these things and then I don't know if I can say this word. No, no, sir. Let me say it again. Did somebody force you? Did were you dragged into that place? Oh. Was it a private club? Yes. Obviously, and did you have to pay money to join us? Yes, but my older sister took me there. Your sister took you there. And then I was. Your highway. No, no, no, no. Let's slow down. You're having anal sex with your older sister? No, I did not have anal sex. Is that what you just said? Correct them. No, I mean, it took me there. And I had anal sex with other people for the first and only time my life. It was a horrific experience. Yeah. And that's because you were under receiving endowed out. No, no, I can't do that. But the fixing about is that people actually, I don't know what they say, but they give a blow job that to it. Yeah. And you're looking for glory holes. Yeah. And that just doesn't seem to be good to me. Yeah. Didn't seem like that would be that would do. Be too appetizing. No, I would think I'd touch your pride. Take would be a lot better. I mean, he really wants something brown. You want some really good brown meat, yeah. But also, I can't move that lady. I mean, I don't know if I is. Oh, yeah. Okay. You're hang on. Yeah, let's get his number. Not he's going to move that lady. Right over to the corner and then got only those. What's going to happen then? Oh, geez. Go clean it off. What a maniac. Oh, yeah. He went to a, it was horrible. His sister took him there. His older sister took him to a swingers club. And he was having anal sex that was disgusting. Yeah. Auto in a Catholic school. The decision was reached as the public school system in this town simply sucks. It bites it blows. Get the local politicians are more concerned about how many more sports aren't we can build. In any event, though, I disagree with the mentality of the Catholic school. It was about the best available alternative for better education for our daughter. And the most affordable and compared to private institutions. During the school's introduction, a book was distributed to the parents as a guide and how to discuss with your child the subject of sex. In reading through this book, I found a few interesting items that I thought you would enjoy as well. Keep in mind, again, this is from a manual distributed in a Catholic school to the students. Number one. Masterbase is a mortal sin as guide did not create our body for self stimulation fueled by lust and dozed images. Okay, so put it down guys. Number two. Ainal sex, not in so many words, is also a mortal sin as guide created the body for procreation. And this form of sex should only be for animals. In other words, people should not be fooling around in each other's income, which a lot of you are going to be really pissed off about that. You're going to be burning that lake of fire in no time, guide dammit. You're going to be really hot. Oh, that's your idea. Number three. Sex is not to be performed as a result of lustful images. And if so, the individual should try to find a way to erase those images from his or her mind as they are obscene. And to allow them into your mind is also a mortal sin. Put those hustlers down, okay. Put those all those magazines down. Put that porno collection at the Catholic Church. It's got put that away, okay. And last but certainly not least on the list that he faxes to me. And isn't it interesting that we were talking about this on a show only the other day and there were those people denying it. Oh, he's just making that up. The church doesn't teach that. Sex should be done only to procreate and not as a pleasurable activity. Should I read that again? This is a fact in the church. Sex should only be done to procreate and not as a pleasurable activity. He goes on to say, I don't happen to have the book with me today. It would work out for a Monday. I'll try to fact you the pages here inside it as the language used goes far beyond what I can come up with. But there are the main points, some of the main points. It's so dirty, baby. It's dirty. It's filthy and disgusting unless of course the bishop's doing it. How do you like that? So anyway, this professor reclumb a university says the expression oive is an expression of deep sympathy at a truly tragic occurrence as when somebody does. Frank's an actress dead. Oh my god. Phil Harmon, he got shot his wife's dead too. Oh. How do you like that? John Denver dead. Oh, Chris Farley's dead. Oh. Bobby Kennedy dead 30 years ago, we're celebrating it now. Oh. Who else? Pete Maravitz dead. Oh. Crystal Pete. Why it or a piece dead? Oh. Oh. Oh. Gold to me here. Oh. I'm not some bacon. Oh. Any other dead Jews? There's got to be some other dead Jews. Anybody where come on. Give me your name real quick. David Ben Gurion dead. Oh. Yeah. Averal Haramon dead. Boy. There's nothing funny about. Boy. That's what this pseudo-electual real from Jews is. A Columbia uter. See, when you got anybody Jews go I'm anybody but tick stuff so seriously. I mean, Yiddish. That's the best part about Yiddish is that it's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's off the wall. And most of the going don't understand what it means anyway. Well, that's what's great about you. Yiddish. Why would even waste your time being Jewish? There's almost no religion to it except for the lunatics who are over their uh, uh, cits isn't their uh, the tolluses and their 400 pounds of clothing they're wearing right now. It's 110 degrees out there on Lincoln Road, which by the way, will be close tonight for Gloria Estefan, Big Bash, Tonner, her new album. How do you like that? They just closed down her mall tonight for four hours because she's got a new album coming out. And the people at Sony said they're closed down on Lincoln Road Mall because Gloria, okay? She ain't going to be there, but uh, you know, close the goddamn mall down. Well, she'd expect to be paid of course. Five. And we now have millions and millions more people who are classified either overweight or obese. In other words, real fat, like me and like Murray. And like our camera guy there from Channel 69 who's still eating donuts and the drinking regular soda was sugar in it. Let's see how many muys he shovels. So seriously, why do you drink coke with sugar in it? What's wrong with diet coke? Do you know how many seriously? You're not, you get rid of all that sugar in one year that'll cost you like 10 or 15 pounds. They're only thinking keeping me alive right now. Sugar? But how much sugar do you need? How about the goddamn donuts? They don't have an hour sugar for you? God, I'll make this guy's going to be sitting on a goddamn donuts. He's going to have sugar on his back. Pretty soon. Oh, and that's why Barry Diller hired him. He wants to get his lips. Anyway, so anyway, weight loss is the deal, how they're saying. And they got his new weight index. So anyway, what I was trying to get to here, my own convoluted weight. Because I'm not going to talk him about that. He just wants to be fat, okay? One recommendation as far as helping you to lose weight is to be aware of certain fat free foods that actually are high in calories. Are you listening? A federal chart highlights examples that frequently trip up dieters, not to mention the extra carbs, by the way. I have a premium non-fat frozen yogurt contains 190 calories. That's a half cup of premium non-fat, while regular ice cream has 180 calories for the same amount. How do you like that? The fat free is the biggest fraud, and you brought out there are still running out there with your snack wells, and you're fat free this, and your antimons and all your other crap, okay? You're going to die! I'm turning it right now, okay? I guarantee you, you keep that up in some day. I guarantee I promise you you'll die. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, Chilla. Neil? Yes, sir. I have a lunchman clarification. Why you're there? Not you. This is why you're there. You're there. You're there. How about this lockman? Oh, so with us, I'm not sure. Did. My alarm's being... What's for did he play? Yeah, and he wants it. And how about the Patriarch of the Ponderosa? Then Clark, right? Oh! He was Jewish? Lord and Green, and all three of us. He was Jewish? He was Canadian? Orthodox? He was in Orthodox, and how do I know how to eat all that alcohol? Oh! I wonder he's dead. And early good job, if we love you. And happy of Pisa. And poor him in the Socus and Symmorastura. See, really, there aren't other things. We just make these things up to frustrated all you go about there. Two open lines in date, and of course, then they start repeating it. You know, we have to use these methods because they're so few of us left. Here's Miami, hello. Meal good. Yes, sir. Hey, how about a Jager Hoover? That fact. Oh, that's a big one. Think that. Clyde Tulson is a buddy. Oh, hey, second time long time. Circus, I do the whole deal. I'm introducing the office to your show, and I have a request. If you can put on a bomb moves on. Balmoh, you got it. We'd really appreciate it. And I have one call a couple of people do Spag, that's all right. Go ahead. Reddy Sanchez, Chris Mourr, you guys are flaming douchebag. I'll go ahead. See ya. By the way, wait to just see this while you won't see it. Unless you're in the media. Great press release that Sam, the man, our promotions of Sham, I mean, how's that go? Put together. The arroggers goes by media, not by sexual accourse. Unless that the bitch calls back from before the one at the. And she sounded like a real scam. You call it back. For what? To try again. To try what? To convert you. I'm not interested in being converted. Okay. She loves you and I don't love her. I don't want anything to do with her. I don't want to smell one of those disgusting. Oh, geez. I don't want to be anywhere near that thing. Okay. So what do we hear? Let me snatch this press release again out of my hand here and say, Neil Rogers from 560 WQA will cross over to television to present anticipated TV show. The show will be taped during his on air show on 560 WQA. Neil will air on Neil at night on WA, my channel 16.9, formerly the home shopping network every week night from 839 pm and replay 1030 to 11 pm starting this Monday, June 8th. The South Florida audience will watch and witness the outrageous controversial highest highest paid air personality in the state of Florida. Long me for $10. In the state of Florida. How do we know that? And last that are making a lot more over there in Tampa. Here's my Amy. Hello. My Amy. When is this? Amy, how's going? Great. Hey, how about Gloria Stephon. What are they doing out there at the Dink Mall? Well, let me read it to your kisser. Alright. A little kill a couple of seconds. I'll show you through it out. Geez. What the hell that I already threw Gloria in the trash? Go on point at dev orders of Miami. And that is all that you do. Oh, wait. Let me look at the trash. Oh, here it is. Parts of South Beach will be jam packed and I went popsinger Gloria Stephon celebrates the release of the new album Two Years in the Making. The weekend road will be shut down from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. between Meridian and Dr. Drexel Avidus for a free Black Party and honor of a step on blade is to release Gloria. What an original name that is. On Epic Records, a subsidiary of Sony. Those japs are at it again, sir. As to find his not scheduled and performed, but sponsors Sony music, the Cardi and specs promise a big show, including videos and dancers. Even at Sullivan might be there for the big show. Parking is available at said. So, and how about her and is? You have heard you talk much about him. Her and is? Yeah. And Bertau or Bertau or Bertau or Levon? I don't know the criminal. Yeah. Well, what is he's pitching and catching right now? Well, he's going to be catching more as he's going on. Talk about them for a long time. Back to him. Go ahead. Hey Jason, stop driving. Okay. Later Neil.