With all the respect of my Ben and Jerry's friends, seriously, this is even brought in the box today. Oh, I'm sorry, fat Joe, and all this is the best. I've been brought to save the box. And I don't ordinarily like Hagenau's ice cream, because I don't care what anybody says, including that dulce dorspegg de leche, whatever that crap is. It's watery. Hagenau's is watery. It's not ice cream. It's not gelato. It's watery crap. But, but, I have the screen. I've covered it with my amicose station on sunrise. And that amazing, they have to go to a cast station and not to get good ice cream bars and pint ice cream stuff like that. The Hagenau's. And what does it mean? Limited edition. I get real nervous when I see that. It's kind of like what RB's used to do when these does every night in Dave Thomas, because he's a pervert and, you know, very sadistic. And I'll come up with something special and once in a while think, and then after you're really good hooked on it, I'll have two months later. Oh, well, I was just a limited thing. That was just a dry run of test. Ortherlo's anal about it was great. Yeah, but we're not making those anymore was too good. So it says on the box limited edition, Hagenau's Carmel Brittle Crunch. I'm gonna tell you, if you can only eat five of these, you are really, you've got tremendous willpower. All, God are these good. Carmel ice cream with Carmel swirl dipped in Hagenau's milk chocolate coating and peanut brittle crunch. Shut the honey tune, yeah. Oh, God. And the best part of the whole thing is the whole bar is only got 33 grams of carbs, which is, you know, more than your daily quota, but you could probably sneak a lot of these in every day. But anyway, it says to Danny's birth and Sammy Boopabac, and as usual, Michael Meals Michael, may hold the mayo on his fuller crab. He said, it said that some never any names in here. I wonder who those some are. It said that some are trying to turn the hummer on chasing the latest litmus test on race. Mark McGuire has gotten most of the attention, not because he's white, but because he was the first to make it to the magic number, 6162. If Sammy still said, go ahead and stay as I had. You can spuracy to place what athletes over black athlete. How do you explain all those Michael Jordan magazine covers? While John Stockton was again leading his team to the NBA finals, very simple Michael Meow on mayonnaise head. Because Michael Jordan's the best player to ever play the game. He's a mega mega star, the greatest in the world as far as his fortest concert, and as a household name all over the world in the universe. That's very simple and there's the answer for it. And then he goes on as if to argue with himself, still it would be nice to think race doesn't shape the way some people think. And what if Sammy was taken Andrew and not Mark McGuire, and people with, so he's arguing with himself as usual because he doesn't know what he's talking about. Linda Robertson, for once in her life, here about like once every six months, he writes something that makes him sense in a hero, which is unusual for that paper. Baseball forgets to keep eye on the ball. In fact, there's no of us that we got 75 million articles about Sammy Sosa, and the people from a lot of people can do many kind of. And these articles point out several things which are all for reactivates, since I watched quite a bit, and I taped the rest of these San Diego Cubs Game Out and West Coast last night. Just in case Sammy, what a hit one he struck out four times, by the way, but hey listen, and a Cubs lost the game, and the meds came back and beat Houston next readings. Great, great wild card races in both leagues, especially in the national league. But was there any celebration out there in the field after Sammy hit 62? No, did the Cubs manage, went to win? No, it was Bud Sealer, the commissioner of baseball who lives 90 miles away in Milwaukee, 90 miles from Chicago was he there to like do anything? I mean, you know, being the first, I do understand that, but the fact is these guys were tied to 54 homeruns, they were tied to 55 homeruns, and even though McWare pulled away a little bit, it was the first to break the record, I mean, Sammy now, I think most people would say, he's probably got a better shot at hitting like more than McWare's gonna wind up with. McWare's got a bum back into this and whatever. But for some reason, so if it isn't race, what is it? Maybe somebody off the other in his audience can tell me, if it is a racial thing, what is it that causes Sammy social to get only a tiny fraction, a fractionoid of the attention that Martin McWare got, because Martin McWare has been chosen by these sports, by the Jacques-Occocie, by the media, he's the hero, he's the new babe Ruth, that's why. Even though Sammy sources are better athlete, he's gotta be the most valuable player in the nation league in Mark McWare, will not be. He's got a better batting there, but he's got more of the eye, he's gonna wind up on. But did they stop the game? He official ceremony whatsoever, no, nothing. And not only that, but here's another good point was it Linda Roberts who points it out one of these 400 articles, and it's very good. And that as Sammy's so surrounded the bases on his 60 second home run, time of Guarher and Breaking Roger Merris's record of 37 years ago, did the Milwaukee Brewer's shake his hand today, high five, low five, grab them on the hand, did they do anything today, acknowledge his accomplishment? No, what is that all about? Huh? As opposed to Big Fat Mark McWare there, that everybody were hey, or high five, that were grab, and were squeeze, and guys are winning for the outfields, we give them a 62-core event. But they're shwarts, they're here from the dimension, we public well, he's too dark for us, you know? Don't give me that crap, Michael Mayo, you're living in La La Land, man, you're just in denial. For us, Ed, and embarrassing, too, by the way. 10 minutes after 10 is five, Steve. QAL, I have that on the hand, I'll hear him. So you have to talk about bandwagon, jumpers, and little George came up with a great slogan. In fact, this is the philosophy now with a Cuban radio station, and many of the other bandwagon jumpers, better a spik then a mix, in a home run race, because all of a sudden, every Cuban radio station, it says here, champion social all morning. Yes, today, commentators spoke of Land of Merckon, Solidarity, all of my, I got Land of Merckon, Solidarity. I thought they all he need you, don't they all he need each other all day? Of course they do. I mean, especially from the Dominican Republic, I mean, isn't that like way down there on the totem? Yeah, way down. Way down there. Let me hear, I think you're so like, stole Shineshuse and so fruit on the street to try to keep his family alive. And even, true story, that's so lovely. We don't want to get in those human inquiries stories, okay, because we're not used to that kind of stuff. And even those on opposite sides of the political spectrum, part of the reason to agree, Sammy, Sammy, that's right through all doing it, Fony, Van Wagon, jumpers. We have to celebrate this clamored Augusta and Tamargo of Radio Mambi, Radio Mambi. The chairs filled over right Elpa, the Padrini, the restaurant on Kayocho, where the typical dishes of Sanco, Sanco, Chod Dominicano, a meat and potato stew and Chiro, we saw it, oh, a goat stew, came accompanied with what else but talk of so it says prowess. This is spectacular said waitress, San Roman M. days. How is her brother's doing, by the way? They ever get out, the imminent. No, you're still in. So there you go, even if a Cubans are jumping on a bad wagon, which it's interesting, because Alex Rodriguez, like I've been telling you for two years now, one of the great young players in a game probably be the best short stop ever, did a Cubans talk about him? No, because he's from Lobby, Publica Dominicano. The great Hispanic ball players are from Lobby, publica Dominicano, there you go. Oh, the guys that people are embarrassed by like, Jose Consocco, well, that's another story. Although El Du Spag did put your great game for the Yankees last night, and I thought El Du Spag, Tira don't need to that, even though they blew their game. Getting pretty baseball and tense in all of a sudden, because this home one thing has brought people back to the game, had them glued to their sets. Those who know what else going on. Oh, my God, we got so much crap to present by the way, it's in big trouble. Just in case you don't know that. I mean, people think that this is gonna blow over. They think that because the popularity polls and most of us are willing to say, forget about this, we don't want to know about that that's gonna be enough. I have the feeling it's gonna be a lot more. A lot worse. Now the Paula Jones thing is coming back, and they're talking about the appeal on that case. And now her lawyers want to release his testimony in that case and put it up there, you know, in big prayer to see that every, how he lives through his teeth. And the judge may have to reconsider her ruling on his testimony in that case, because since that case was thrown out, the Supreme Court has ruled on another sexual harassment case and that's set of it so on. And so it just goes on and goes on and goes on. And I think the lesson all of this is if you're not gonna keep it in your pants at least to keep it a secret, which you didn't do very well. God made your major problems there. It isn't just gonna blow over. Speaking of blow, I heard the interview this morning with Sean Burke on the worst team as I'm coming to work. Oh my God, you know, default, how are you guys all just a bunch of little ass suckers? What that morning shows all about? There's the little copyclatch of ass suckers. And now here's the fine gold tender of the Florida Panther. Sean Burke, the fine gold tender. Instead of just saying here's the newest member of the Panther, welcome to South Florida, have a great life. We wish you the best even only know your mediocre. Here's the fine gold tender. I mean, squids suck at around depot, will you please man? They're gonna have to have some kind of a life. Remember they used to call it life-o-section? They're gonna have to have liposuction. To replace the lips from all the inverted sucking that goes on at show. Everybody that's on it, it's just one big suck fast. I mean, we wish him luck. We hope he stops a few bucks here and there along the way. But he's the mediocre, it fast. In fact, even Brian Murray said he's in the middle of the pack. You know, when you get a new player and you say he's in the middle of the pack, that's not very great enthusiasm, is it? The Edmonton Journal up in a city where they know something about hockey, by the way. Reports that Brian Murray hasn't lost his marble. He's not given Sean Burke 4.3 million this year. That's over two years. And people in the organization say Burke's base salary is well out of $2 million a year. He would earn bonus if Panthers made the playoffs, but that's early a given, amen. Benico's ought to say some interesting things. What are they doing with the $2.4 million backup Kirk McClain, Captain Kirk the jerk? Murray talked to General Manager Brian Burke and July about the Vancouver Conox taking him back. But as long as Mike Keenan's the coach there, you can scratch that because he didn't like him. Let me say it again, he don't like him. He blows. Post script, Florida still sniffing around that he tried back up Kevin Hansen if the prices right, the top goal he prospects Kevin weeks is stupidly playing hardball reportedly wanting a million dollars a year, even though he's never won an NHL game. Don't you just love kids who never want to pay their dues. It says, no, we don't. We can't stand them. We hate them like poison. He couldn't stop a watermelon. Even if I had a side order fried chicken with it. So there you go. That's the latest on that. And we still want to hear some more spy reports from people that got over to see the arena on. You know, we had two people responded to that yesterday. And one of them was there on Friday going in illegally. He's, he's, he's, he's way in with some of the construction workers. Also, what was he the guy or was it somebody else who was fetching yesterday about the fly over isn't done yet? And it's going to be done in time for the games over there on Oakland. Well, here it is. Right in your newspaper with a big picture of the fly over in the whole deal. Sogrand's fly over to open for arena event. Oh, he's still working on it. But it will be open in time for Saturday for hockey Thursday from 10 to 8 to Saturday. And it's perfectly safe to drive on. OK, you first, according to officials, works still needs to be done in the grading and slopes, etc. And so on. But it will be open for all of the events coming up, including the exhibition games and the soying Dionne Cuyo, the soying Dionne. And the first Panthers regular season game October 9. It will be open. Have no fear. Don't get panicky. OK. So maybe some of those season ticket orders were over there on Saturday for see your a seat day. Do something on your seat day. My call is today. But I have my doubts. All those great enthusiastic Panther fans, which we went through this last year again. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello, no? Yes, sir. I'm going to stand with this approach from North Miami, by the way. I don't understand why you have so much animosity towards Spanish people. What is that mean? No, how still are these for? I don't have any hostility to any group of people. I deal with people one at a time. Good people bad people. I don't have any hostility to her people as a group. What does that mean? You don't have hostility. No. OK. I do. Why are you assumed that I do? What did I say to make you assume I have hostility towards Spanish people? Well, you call them Julio or Spetsia. And what do I call them? Gapy people, Fagget's yeah. I want you this. I thought we had date late on this show. I want to this whole thing yesterday. If you use words that are for Jordan if terms used them enough, it renders the meaningless. That's the point. It's a joke. It's a joke. Yeah. OK. I'll tell you that way, then. Yeah. OK. OK. Have a great day, Bruce. In North Miami Beach. Who doesn't sound very Hispanic to me? Well, it sounds like an Ojo on Provocatoris, basically, what it's all about. Open line and brow it in all of date, county 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. I'm an equal opportunity. Make fun of them. That's what this show is all about. And if you're having a ticket that out by this time, then you must have just two minutes to go on the what are you calling for? Here's Miramar, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, see people forget that you're shows for entertainment purposes. Yeah. So I think too serious. It might take on that home run race. Yes. I feel that Mark McWart did get more accolades on the dance. But then again, he did break the record that's stood for 37 years. Yeah. Well, Sammy, he did, you know, what he did, he didn't break the record. He surpassed Miramar and is tied for what won't be. He also broke the record that stood for 37 years. Well, he didn't break it because it already been broken by my life. I know he broke Miramar's record. He didn't break him and he tied McWart, but he also accomplished what they were both looking to do and that is break Roger Miramar's record that stood for 37 years. What you just told me, that's what the guard accomplished. So it's Sammy. Right. The other thing was that since Sammy did it, like not even a week after Mark did it, that's why it wasn't such, you know, magnitude of celebration. Why not? Why not? Well, I do agree that he did get the short of the stick to some degree, but he did get the wrong page. How do you know, the way to make it? Let me ask you to, how come there were no special baseballs for any of his advanced? They were doing that with McWart. I forget how many games they were doing that were especially marked baseballs with the infrared marking. So we verify whoever got it and how much it was worth and yada yada yada. How come they were never at no point if they done that with so senders. They're still not doing it. I watch the game last night. There's still not doing it. Let me ask you this, what if he would have hit number 63 last night or hit it tonight in San Diego and brand passes the new record? What then? How come there's no special balls? On that point, I agree with you, Tony. They've dropped the ball. Major League baseball has dropped the ball for Mark McWart. Yeah, that's correct. And how come money rounded the bases against Milwaukee, the other day after we hit number 62? How come there was no celebration? How come they didn't congratulate him? Nobody came over, pedidam on a back-aid Mayahuga. Guess what? What was that all about? Well, that's the cuters organizations. But what about the brawlers? The brawlers? They just wasn't being as nice as they did. That's the purpose of what I think. The cops are cutting McGuire on the back and giving him high fives. He was going around. I think we're talking about a lack of class is what we're talking about. I agree with you. And like I said, I do believe he got the shortest stick to some degree. But he has gotten some recognition for what he's done. Not in the same category, not in the same league. And what are we going to do? Let me understand. We have to put the one or two more home ones to mark with Warren. That's right. That's why we give him two core bets. Yeah, I think exactly. I think if he feeds out Mark McLean, he serves to give, of course. Well, just the only thing is to better play her. The better player? Yes, all around. I'd probably say that the better athlete would be so soft. Yeah. Because you know, he pays any off. He just seems to be like a better athlete. But as far as hitting, I think Monica Quar is definitely the better hitter. The better one. The better one. The better one. Yeah, he hits a longer home. They both each have their different aspects as that's far as that concern. Right. But they're both great players in their own respect. Okay. So hey, but Neil, I love you. Show how the great day. And back to you. Okay. Like George says better than the spik than the mix. That's our new model, baby. I've been rooting for Sammy for weeks now and it looks like he just might do it. God damn it. That's not a lot of time on my hands. But that's not all of that. I think that's a lot of time. I think that's a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. I think that's a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. But that's not a lot of time. I think that's not a lot of time on my hands. But that's not all of that on my hands lately. I'd like to tell you about a new game. I just love pocket pool from Hands Bro. It's the handheld game. I just never get tired of sharing your private child electronic fish. I'm in the handheld electronic golf with a fast and furious game of pocket pool. Beats them all. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Best of all. You can play pocket pool just about anywhere. I enjoy it while I'm overseeing. Cabin and meetings give him press conferences. You name it as long as people are looking me in the eyes. I could play two, three, even foreign games. A pocket pool thing ever even knows. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And remember, it don't matter if you stay in your own clothing because they can't make it testify against yourself. Oh. Oh. I love this guy. Oh. Oh. Pock it through from Hands Bro. Paper towels. Oh, it's everything. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I won. I'll beat myself again. You know, the center's part of the whole deal is that El Presidente's a lawyer. His wife is a lawyer. And yet they've got, they've had the worst lawyers in history. And time wouldn't you think that lawyers would be able to hire other lawyers who would be decent lawyers like the best. Bad legal advice. That's what, what's really going to get his ass in a wringer. All those lies. All those denials. Oh, yeah. I don't remember being alone with her, but I beat by the book. But I mean, just just creating this web instead of just being elusive and evasive. And elusive butterfly like Bob Lynn. Cool. But instead of doing that, you know, it's just very, very bad legal advice. And then I would find out that Robert Bennett and William Bennett and our brothers. And just after we find that out yesterday, guess who was all over the place last night? William Bennett. That's sanctimonious right wing asshole. He was not with Larry King last night. We said, saw about two minutes up in between all the ball games. And guess who he was debating? I wish that I would have seen the whole show because if I would have been known that William Bennett was under debating Mario Cuomo. That you know what that would be like, Adelaide Stephenson debating Gilbert. I mean, that's the kind of debate that. Yeah, seriously. That's right. That would be like, Walter Cronkite having to debate with Ron and Pozac. Yeah, right. Mario Cuomo debating William Bennett that sanctimonious right wing lunatics, fanatic. Just rare forming at the mouth. Man, old man, a shove. We have two open lines of date County, 567560, pump by 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Palm Beach, yellow. Mobile in Palm Beach. Okay, great. Okay, two open lines in date and one in Brad. I wasn't really, I was sure he said it, but I couldn't believe that he said it. I mean, I understand people say that in places where it makes sense to say it, but in that particular point, it didn't make any sense to say it. Okay, so what was the point? Please don't say the F. Yeah, please. Okay, and have a nice life up there in Palm Beach. Especially in Palm Beach, you can't say that word. Here's the North Mining Beach, yellow. What do you want to know, Mr. Wright? Okay, great. Here's Boca, hello. Well, this is going to be a picnic here today. Boca. Yeah, hey, we're in the couple of football. No. No. No. Uh, okay. Well, the far word is up. Okay, thank you. Have a nice life. Yeah, I wonder if we could talk a little bit of football. Talk the other 20 hours of the radio station about football. Okay. Anybody see the San Francisco Washington Game last night? Oh, that was a good game, huh? Another great kind of test. Get on here. The excitement that's going on right now is in bad, is in bad, whatever that sport is, where they hit the ball with the stick like George says, in baseball, that's the sports excitement going. But this one dimensional bunch of assholes, okay, we talk a little bit of football, huh? Danny Moreno, Danny, there's JJ that's same old tired, foreign terminal crap on and on and on and on. You guys talk about it, okay? Go out there and squeeze that pig skin. Even though it's coming close to the high holidays, go out there and squeeze that pig skin anyway. And have a great time doing it. Talk a little bit of football. This isn't a sport show. Let me say it for the 10 millionth goddamn time. It's the Neil Rogers show. Does Neil Rogers give a crap about football anymore? No. Not unless Michigan State's beaten up on older Damon Michigan's getting beat. Other than that, who gives a crap? I heard Hank yesterday, you know, I mean, Hank is Hank, you know, and sometimes we agree sometimes we disagree. But when he's trying to make a case that there was offensive excitement in the dolphin game on Sunday because they had one drive down the field by stuck at a net. That's that that came on Sunday was the reason I gave up my season tickets five years of watching at same boring crap. No offense man, drive 70 yards kick a field world, drive 70 yards kick a field. Look, if boring, give me a game where there's something you're signing going on. Oh, but they won. Yeah, okay, but it was still boring. It was terminal. It was coma inducing in the idea that anybody would spend harder and money like I used to my own cash before I got freebie tickets and go out there and spend money to park and go through all the bull crap and sit there in the sun, spitting your brains out and spend 20 bucks for a meal. For the, you know, it's supposed to be entertaining if it's not entertainment. I don't care how much of a quote on quote fan or front running phone, you are. If it's not entertaining, who the hell needs it? I mean, we know the Panthers are going to be entertaining, but Luis will have a nice to win them all kinds of, here's the mobile at the false because then, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Phil, the first over grade deal goes down in your tightest year to the season. Who's going to be the winner of the game? Yeah, who's going to be the winner of the game? Well, what kind of a question is that, sir? Who's going to be the winner of what game? The baseball, who's the whole body here? Who's going to be the winner both? Both. Well, so soon it's been up to bad. Sir, let me say it. Sir, there he is. No, no, sir. Let me say it again. Both. See, you asked me a question. Is that a rhetorical question you want to answer? It doesn't make any difference. How many at best? How many walks of a guard got, they both would share the record. And have a nice day. See, he asked me a question, but he wants to make his own answer. He doesn't want to deny the answer to the question. It would make any difference if a guard bet at three times as many times as so, sir, for the other way around, or walk 600 times, if they both have like 65 home runs at the end of the season, they share the record. Is that difficult to understand? Oh, I'm sorry. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This time, man, these people know their sports. Thank God, I finally got to work on a sports station. That was my, that was my mistake. The first 21 years in his town, whatever it was, 22, 23, 50 years. Was because that was not a sports station, but now they're on a sports station. Now we got people that really know their stuff, baby. Make no mistake about it. You listen to these people they know their rap. Right. In fact, that's what they come up with over and over again. That rap rap rap. One more rap. 22, before 11 and 5. Sir, if they both have 65, the record would be 65. Who has the record? Anybody could answer me that question. If Sammy so say hit 65 home runs this year, and Mark McWyer hit 65, who has the record? Let's find a two year old child out there, somewhere in radio land, to answer the musical question. Let's talk some football. Let me tell you about it. Let's talk about it. Yeah, where God walks up behind the other guy's sticks his hand under his ass. Hey, two, seven, 69. Okay. I mean, seriously, I like don't get you wrong. I like football. I've watched it for years. I used to like it a lot more when it was exciting and it was a real game. But if there are, if any of the major sports in his country, if there's a silly or sport, then football. I mean, let's get serious. It's all these macho guys. I forget about this other stuff. Let's talk football. It's the macho stuff, baby. Where the quarterback walks up to the center. Sticks his hand under his ass. That's a game club you moron. He's speaking of doing a few eight out. This is G Gordon Litty. And they don't come any worse than new Rogers. Read about the dolphin game. It was terminal. There was no offense. It was boring. Two teams would know offense whatsoever. At least if Buffalo would use little imagination, stock flutty in order for a quarter. Buffalo might have moved the ball a little bit. Might have made a game out of it. But they got this, you know, this rookie, this green rookie, greener than a goddamn line. And it was terminal. How they hook it any. See, this is, this is what it's all about. 75,000 people go out there. They've spent their hard and money. And they sit there and they get tanked up before the game at the hotel gate party. And they sit there and they get tanked during the game. And they convince themselves that they're having a good time. Oh, this is exciting. And they're slobbering all over each other. And not going to be as all over each other. And like, you know, going through all kinds of traffic and hell, but they're convincing them to sell. I didn't. It was really great. And you know, something I went out there for five years. And it wasn't great. It was never great. Maybe once it blew Moona was an exciting game. What the hell happened with the phones you we had. Every line on the board lit up and all of a sudden it's, you know, that family days. They're in a big hurry today. They're in a real big hurry. They want to get to the back at their cash out. We have two open lines in date one and a row. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know if you know, but I can hear George. Yeah, we know that. Yeah, that's your idea to boner. Okay, cool. How about that new arena? Yeah, we're there. Yeah, well, I'm pretty enthusiastic about it. It was unbelievable. Yeah. I was absolutely, you know, when they gave us this sweet, sweet selection, We found the, uh, bubble level on a while. They really didn't give us a, uh, more better picture of what it would be like. That, that club level just something. Well, at least it's a pleasant surprise because like when they went from the orange bowl to Jorabe, we had thousands and thousands of people bitching in morning and complaining and many of them rightfully so that they got screwed because their new seats were a bunch of crap. And now people are thought that they were going to be in no's bleed or was really going to be a really going to be a bad view or whatever they went over their upset or they made this cover. Hey, this is going to be great at least I think. Because when I saw the last time a few days ago, it's spectacular. Yeah, it is absolutely phenomenal. What if what a place they think could have turned a better place. I'm just absolutely not. I can't wait for the first game. Really look at the screen. Thank God Wayne spent somebody else's money wisely this time. Yeah, right. Okay. If the only system is money on the team, he'd be right. Right. Now you're getting carried away. I'll see you there, Pral. Okay. Two open. He sounded pretty excited about the name. He sounded to his. No. Two open lines a day one in Broward 560 50 50 65 50 60 on the mobile one life. Let's hear from all those season ticket holders out there. Are we all really fired up and pissed off about hockey already? No. Come on. Let's hear it on your sports season. Come on. Let's talk to them. Let's talk to them. What's the odds? What's the spread on at the vassar of Vanderbilt, K. Come on. Yeah, look at one guy called Hank yesterday. He wanted to go down the list of all of his, uh, uh, and Hank and blew him right out. Nice going, Harper. This guy wanted to go down the list of all of his games for this coming weekend and who he was betting on and his spread it. I mean, you know, some of you professional gamblers out there, I shouldn't say professional because professional gamblers are ones that maybe some of make some money. I'm talking about compulsive gamblers who think that the rest of us want to hear about who you're betting on. Oh my god, get a life. Jesus. Here's what Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing? You think Donald's made two of those decisions here? No, I don't. No. I don't know. I don't know. You're a funny guy. I like your show. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines today. One in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the mobile line. Hey, listen, the shipment just came in. Leave these people alone. Stop making goofy faces in here. Okay. The shipment just came in. And he's back to the heaven and well over the time. There you go. They don't know Kevin weeks from my Walter Week. They don't know what that we're talking about. There was no Sean Bert from Sean who's in Northwestern, called us a few days ago before we left. Good luck, Sean. And congratulations on getting out of here. Here's David, hello. Yes, sir. I have to agree with you regarding the dolphins. I used to be as he's in ticket holder. They screw me over from the orange bowl for the stadium. Right. Never acknowledged any of my requests even move. I was like in a lower bowl, like right when it's often walk out on the first row and put me in the upper deck in the sixth row. Nice. That's pretty close. Yeah. But you know what you're right. A lot of the games are it's hot. It's terminal. I mean, you know, it's almost kind of like, you know, one decent play. I mean, the last best game I could remember was against Kansas City when they came back. Oh, and that. You know, it's, you know, I tried to watch on TV. I was so bored at a scrape wallpaper. Oh, thank you. I'm on Sunday. I mean, anybody who thinks that was an exciting game needs a lot of bottom. You're also got the most boring life in history of the human race. That was coma inducing. I mean, do something. It's the same old stuff we were watching this for 12 years now with it often. They drive down a field. They can't stick it in there. They can't score it. Touchdown. Nobody in the right mind wants to watch a game of field goal kicking. That's not why my idea of an exciting ball game of any kind. You can't put it in as far as the new arena goes. I'm excited to go. What? I haven't feeling you're right about that. We're going to have a far as a week goes wide by the final now. Well, I think they're just about to, they're fed up with him. I wouldn't be surprised if they don't sign them at all. Who is he done? Nothing. You never want to game in the lead. He's going to be a president. He's like absolutely outrageous what these guys are doing. You're dealing the game. Okay, pal. I'm depressed. Never great thing. Well, he's got agents, just like the president's got lawyers. Okay. Agent was, he's got one client and he's got to try to squeeze as much money out of the organization as he can so we can get as much money out of the deal as he possibly can. It just, they're really sad. Okay, we got one, we'll call up on the board. They're spastic today. They're here. They're gone. They're on. They're out. They're in. They're off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the mobile one line. They care about Clinton. They care about so many. They care about the new arena. They give a crap about anything. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 60, on the mobile one line. I think we reached the end of the road. It's time to take a few days extra off. We saw just that vacation next week that's already coming up. I think like a few extra days could be well spent, put the good use. This is just unbelievable. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I went to the arena. I think there was a link at the feet. Yeah. I had what we had gotten. We had the class to be either called level or you know, man and man. Yeah. We did what we had to spend in our deposit and pick one of the two. We never got to go to the first place I wanted. Yeah. We took the trouble, I will. We were afraid that you said they were pretty high. But I took it anyway. And they all were little higher than they were in the arena. I could love one of the second level in the arena. But I had pretty good seats on the second level. Yeah. But I would say they're just a hand at a higher. But the first row. The global level is the dive floor. Right. I mean, it's absolutely terrific. I'm going to third row. But I've got to tell you something. That arena is awesome. Awesome. I just hope that they treat you, you know, good there like. But you know, they treat you pretty easily. And you're a lobby, I guess. But an incredible level. But the seats are very comfortable up there. OK. Thanks. I'm good reading material too, by the way. You tell you, thanks, though, huh? Oh, no, so OK. Have a great day, Phil. What do you say? We have two open lines today. These people are excited today or what? Oh, my God. These people are fired up and pissed off. They're whipped up to a frenzy. I would say one step like one hero away from coma level. We're talking about the club level. Forget the club level. We're on the coma level. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. It's semi-sostatic victim of racial, rap, rap, rap, whatever it is. A bunch of bigoted Americans. Is that what it is? There you go. There's anybody give a crap. And if they're tied on the last day of the season, if they both have 150 home runs, who wins the home on championship? That's our pull question today. If they both have 675 home runs for the year on the last day of the season, who wins it at the end of the last game? Who wins the game? Oh, that guy was great. Who wins the game? Oh, my goodness. Andy from Hollywood is that way you have so many questions, Mark. Hello. Andy from Hollywood that we don't talk to. I told you, call me after the seasons starts. Okay, butt flug. Maybe then if I'm in a really good mood, I might talk to you. I'd rather sit here begging for calls for our restraint and never even get one tickle, not even a wrong number than talk to you in that idiot Mitch. We're not going to go through this crap again. Any more that I'm going to repeat the mistakes I made this last season. That's right, first came to this radio station of having people who are allegedly friends of mine telling me what I should say on a year. Oh, you can't say this and don't say that, but I'm going to go through that pull crap again. And go through all that political horse ball of the organization, their thin skin organization, and we're so concerned about this and you can't say that and it was, oh yeah, right. I'll show you whatever it is I want to show you, okay? And you're like it. And you'll chuck it right up and have it for breakfast. For in shucketash all this bull crap, all these idiots give me a son and a dance. You're instructions on what I'm supposed to say. I'm not a puppet like some of you people out there that you can be manipulated and have about people put words in your mouth. Professor, little ass suckers, we got more than enough of that. This town already professional little ass suckers. There are dime-a-duans in the role of the place. Ponds, chills, you'll come up with a name, whatever it is. Two opalines a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the mobile one line. In fact, the greatest day in the history of the human race will be that the daily get rid of Wayne High Pingo all together. So that maybe somebody in this town can actually go on a year, be sides to couple of us and give their opinion without worrying about whether they're going to get their next paycheck or they're going to get canned from the organization. Here's Miami Lake, Sala. Neil, yes sir. Oh, you sir. Great. A great show of it. You know, this is very salty thing. He hasn't done anything yet. I mean, I agree that. Well, what do you mean he hasn't done anything yet? He's just trying to get to the same thing that Mark McGuire did. Right, Neil, but you know the media. I mean, you know, he hasn't done anything. People want to see something. He hasn't done anything. I mean, he tried it. But he hasn't broken it yet. Has it broken it yet? He broke white. He broke white. He broke white. He broke white. Your meruses record. Firstly, I think he's, you know, half a pound better ball player. Yeah, how come, how come? Okay, if that's the thing. If they're waiting for him to go ahead of McGuire. How come there is no, there are no marks balls. He could have gone ahead of him at where any time the last hit bat on Sunday. Or he could have done it last night. Okay. Well, I mean, how come they're not marking the special. They don't have special balls there like they did for, for big math. I guess you're right about that. But I mean, I get it. I think he's a better ball player. And I think he's, you know, he's taken it in the strike. No, that's not the point. But the point is, how come we have a separate set of standards for one guy who's a big white guy. And another one who's a black guy who came from being a schlepper in the Dominican Republic. Yeah, you're right. Huh? You're right. You're right. How come the commissioner of baseball who's nothing but an asshole. And I really do mean asshole, but see how come he can't make the big trip from Milwaukee to Chicago on Sunday to be there like he did for Mark McWarth. How come the game was not an actual television? I said, how come the game last night wasn't my national television? Now come ESPN couldn't put it on as they late sporting went after after their, Billions or whatever they're putting on their pocket pool. How come they couldn't stick that on their last night? Dude, you think, uh, high thing or has any intention to sell the Panthers sometimes? You bet. You bet. Yes, they're go out there and tell John Henry that the hockey's better in baseball. Wait, Neil, I love the radio show, love the TV show. Can I hear a question, Neil? Don't have a great day. Dave County is wide open, 560, 705, 60, 550 on a mobile one line. Dave County, where's all our people for a Meloma Republic in Dominican? Are they out there? I'm out here from you, okay? All you Dominican's out there, whatever that means. Let's sit down and have some chieva with Sado for lunch. What does that fried goat? What does that look like? Oh, goat stew. Geez, like I said. Dude, you guys first, not us. Whew, 10575, 60, 60. You eight. Yeah, Neil Rodney. God. Oh, we look at sight. Guys, this black and all the Jones is our new poster day. We saw the elves of the seven hundred clubs. And I think that the captain was his name. We're meaning way right. All they need is changing. And the bush is glad and happy with the two. We're mostly wide. And sperm retention. Yeah, we all look at the rest of the same. And hate the case and cheese and stain. And fear the things that we don't understand. Oh, Richard Nixon was like us. Well, his face could stop the bus. So I think we all should give our that big attention. And then I and six will be in swing. And be the dance like Rodney King. We'll jump the red and blue just keep the wide. I left him my saddest trace. Just don't let him near your place. And hold this no more bus for him to rise. We lean way right. And in a case. We find a bush is glad and then we will like a ghost. We're mostly wide. And sperm retention. You're saying a couple of things. I think that can't be cool. Can't he listen up, baby? This could be for you. Hormon may be way through weight control breakthrough. Somebody just facts this from CNN interactive. From Boston if it's from Boston, it must be true. Researchers have found that extra doses of a naturally occurring hormone can reduce people's appetite. Possibly opening up a new way to fight the battle of the Vols. In a study by Danish researchers working in conjunction with the team from Harvard Medical School. A group of 20 people were given a hormone GLP1 intravenously. Then offered lunch. What do you laugh about having finished in your all body life? It is kind of amusing way. Then they were offered lunch. They ate 12 percent less than the when they were put through the same process with a placebo. GLP1 is secreted normally by people's intestines when they eat. It goes into the bloodstream and eventually to the area of the brain that controls the appetite called the hyphal thalmas. Scientists surprised that GLP1 tells the brain when a person is full of time to stop eating. That's it. Got the crap. So giving people additional doses of the hormone reduces their appetite. I think that this new idea that a monaxial control appetite in the form of treatment for obesity is pretty provocative. So Dr. Joel Habner of the Harvard Medical School sounds Jewish to me. Happy New Year, Dr. Joel. And unlike the other recent obesity treatment such as Spent Pen and Redux, which have been found to have severe side effects, Habner says GLP1 appears to be safe. Appears to be safe. So far it hasn't caused any problems. He said it's been given 100s individuals over the five to six years and there's still a live. I mean, they are rolling on the ground and making guttable sound, but there's still a live. However, there were limitations to the study. First of all, all of the subjects were of normal weight. Oh, this is, they were all of normal weight. So researchers will have to perform additional studies to determine if GLP1 will work with people or overweight. What have they do in fat studies on people who are normal weight? You want some lunch? No, I don't think so. I had a piece of watercress for breakfast. This morning I don't want no lunch. Also they have to figure out another way to administer the hormone because an intravenous drip. As you than the study isn't practical. Anybody ever have an intravenous drip? But Hayden says he thinks GLP1 is a polar tablet. Could be on the market within two to three years. Oh, what's it now? And then in two to three years, huh? Let's go out and have our hogondos, caramel brittle crunch bars right now. And in two to three years there'll be the magic pull of me out there. Oh, right. Sounds like a bunch of crap to me. Give it to a bunch of skinny people. Great. Probably give it to a DT. We have an open line in date five six seven. I know a lot of people would like to give it to a five six seven five six and pound five six the on the 18 T wireless line. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I want to know something that I don't think. We've discussed a whole lot. That's what Jimmy Johnson plan on doing. One day. Okay. We have an open line in date one and brown five six seven five six and pound five six the on the 18 T wireless line. Why are we discussing the dolphins today? No. If there any comments about the dolphins, I'll make them. Okay. If there any comments about Jimmy Johnson, Dan Moreno, John Avery, anything heavy to do with football. Hey, think about going to the dolphin games. I will make them. Okay. Other than that, we don't discuss football. Michigan State be noted. Name 45 to 23. Oh, you got clobber 38 to 20 by Syracuse and again, that was one sided and the final score. It was 38 to 71 points. How long? It was. FSU got beat by a girls team. Oh, Pericles beat another girls team. There you go. That's the end. That's all we need to know. San Francisco beat the crap out of the redskins last night. The red can suck. There you go. That's the football seminar for the week. What else do we need to know? Anything? No. There you go. Something that happened to not you. We don't need. But I'm about Jimmy this and Danny this. You know, even if I did do a sports show, I couldn't handle it here. Because it's the same repetitive one dimensional boring terminal. Boring is the word I'm looking for sir. Boring. You understand the meaning of it sir. Boring. Just like Jimmy's here. It's boring. God. Just like watching Roger Cossack on here again. Jesus, man. What can I turn on? I don't care even if they teach him that I don't give it. What? Give me a channel something. ESPN2 208 exercise shows. No, I don't. They don't have any good guys on that thing. Maybe they got some hot babes with phony. Bigger ass. Huh? 290 prices right. 290 the price is right. Is he still alive? Jesus Christ. This guy. He's got like shocked white here. He's 175 years old. And he's still alive, man. And he's still running around trying to save a little for things from getting killed. It's 11.09 at 5.56 a.k. a.m. That's what Walter name said. Huh? Was it Diana with the park in his disease? Didn't she the one that said that? What a park or music. Why is it? Why is that Bob Barker music? Uh, Boca Brian gave it to us and I stuck it in there. What does it have to do with Bob Barker though? That music is not his music. What do you mean his music? Whatever. I didn't bring it in here. Hey, for all you internet hoppers out there. You might get on the net. I mean, I'm in the search that way. The media live now. And check out the latest on penis gate and come a lot. And all these other scandals. And maybe get on there to do something worthwhile. Check the market and buy some stock and sell some stock. Or get in some of those real nifty chat rooms with a bunch of Proverts. Whatever you want to hop on a web for, the way to do it is with Mindspring because this is the fastest way to Weave through all of BS. No busy signals. No ads. No crap. You're running just a matter of seconds and doing your thing on a web. Mindspring is the best deal going. And right now they've got an even a best specialty of The Appalistics of this program. Mindspring will wave their 25 dollar activation fee. They give you the first 30 days free from the day they sign you up. And they're award winning software, which is rated by the experts. The very best in industry and very easy to use. It is yours absolutely free. And when you do make the call, you might want to check out Mindspring's The Risk Pre-Payment option, which is going to save you an Additional 10 to 15 percent off your monthly charges. So you save a lot of money. You save a lot of grief in the BS with no more business signals and no more Add. You hop on a web immediately whenever you want to do it. Pick up the phone and call Mindspring. They tell me you heard about it on the near rod. You show column toll free. One triple eight M spring. That's one eight eight eight eight. M spring. This is five sixty. You a L. Are you guys? Sports radio five sixty. Two eight L. Just me again Bob. Doosh when you're done. Tonight on the sterico channel. Famous radio miles to learn. A reenactment of radios greatest moments performed by the Mochi talented Leo Dynamo. Let me my days. What what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what What oh the question question. The question. Are you making all humanity? All humanity. All humanity. This is rumored. The bond of the coin. The phone all out. Boom boom boom. Oh. I think. I was wondering can you wish I were a party. These two tenders. I was at. Oh, ten two times. Two quats. Oh, whether well. The Chinese. Where you're running. The giant. William. The giant. The giant. The giant. The giant. The giant. World world. You're. The giant. When you're. The giant. The giant. The giant. Oh, wait. Wait. The giant. The giant. The giant. He's going to live. He's going to be. What. What what. This is yeah. Yeah. Any martes. Reinvencing famous moments of radio tonight. Only. Are they hysterical. I'll be on the ball of the field by the above where Blackwood, no, no, you're barking you by The buzz you by wood, what's it, where are you? Stop, I'll ride. I'll ride welcome to the QM School of Broadcasting. Here's one of our prime graduates. Nice going, buddy. We love you, sweetheart. We're going to hell you are. Here's Miramar, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? You know, the other week on my wife and I will Mark Guayam. Yeah. I told her I said, now you watch when Soap breaks the record. It's not going to be the hoopla. It's not going to, it's just, reward. You're on like Mark McQuay. Mm-hmm. And it wasn't a racist thing. It wasn't anything concerning a race. But I just had a feeling that he wasn't going to get the same recognition as McQuayam. I just, I don't understand it. I think the people of baseball people ought to be embarrassed and humiliated as hell, including the cup management who did absolutely nothing around Sunday to arrange. I mean, you knew he was right on the verge of it. And certainly he's got the ability to, two or three on any given day. And they had nothing planned. No commissioner. No was ceremony. No 62 Corvette. No especially Mark baseballs. No Maris family in the stands. No hook up with the Mark McQuayam on the full, which would have kind of reset. No nothing. Just a lot of tremendous fan enthusiasm, which is especially in Chicago. And that's going to go on. And they're landing and waving. But other than that, nothing in the last night, like I said, here he's on the verge of hitting 63, which most of us think he'll probably do it before McQuayam. And nothing. It was just poor planning. And I'm handy to hear. Maybe we were the Milwaukee Brewers. I want to say this. And I want to repeat this over and over again. And maybe the fact that they're owned by that asshole, but see, like maybe that's got something maybe a rub's off on him. Totally without class. I watched that game. I still got it on tape. Absolutely unacceptable. He's rounding the basis. He's just hit his 60 second old month. There's not a high five. There's not a grab ass. There's not a pad on the S. There's not any acknowledgment whatsoever that anything special just happened unacceptable. Same for. Same for. Hey, Neil, when you used to work on the beach at WKT? Yes, sir. You say I was young lady in the reception area. And you used to take all your meal. And I think her name was Amy. Nice young Jewish girl. Amy? Yes. I mean, the burn who was a two doctor to be Jewish. Go on, little Amy. A young Jewish girl kind of looked plop. Nice long ground here. Oh, Monica. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I used to live with a meal there. Yeah. And here, as you're talking about your meal problems, the other week, how long ago has that been going on? Because I'm sure you haven't always had problems with your meal. And I think it's not like changing your dressings. I got a private box. That's how long it's been going on. And other than that, we haven't had any other problems with your meal service. You mean, overall these years? Overall these years. Oh, wow. Other than the fact that it's slow. Because it's been changed in the postal service. Right. Like five years ago, they came up with a new system called DPS, which automatically sequences the meal. DPS is that the dumb postal service that it's that's what it stands for. Double. It's supposed to be delivery points sequencing. Yeah. Okay. And that takes the meal out of your normal letter carriers hand. Yeah. And machine started. And then you give me a from bum fob. You give me a from everywhere. bum fob. Yeah. That's what you get. Me from everywhere because your carrier no longer changes the mirror. He does. Yeah. But he doesn't case all the meal. I think he's kissing the neighborhood. The mailman. I got Harrison Pal. Have a great day and say hi to Sammy. You too. All right. What do you say? Okay. It's only a month and a half later. I'm still my mail. I still trickling in. It's you know, I have day where you out. You know, you just reach the point where you don't care anymore. I mean, our our magazines like all up today. Oh, have I sent out a bunch of stuff? Is that me? Like satellite TV week? Did I get that this week yet? No. No. It's good through Sunday. So, you know, just one of those say it takes time. It takes a few months. That eventually day or where you out and you give up. Here's Miami. Hello. He's following. More. Okay. Well, thank you so much for waiting all that time. 17th almost 18 minutes. This guy waits on a line to tell me that baseball is boring. When no sir, I can't imagine anything that could be pouring in your life. To be holding on a line for 17 minutes and 57 seconds to get on a year for like four second. Tell me baseball is boring. You don't like it. Guess what? Don't watch it. I don't give a crap on you. Watch it or not. The most exciting thing going on in America today as far as sports is concerned is the major league home run race in baseball. There is nothing that's even close. Baseball is boring. Okay. We're impressed. We're tremendously impressed by your lack of a life sir. And believe me, over these 22 years, I've talked to many people in the same boat as you. No life whatsoever. Not a glimmer. Not even a blip on a radar screen as far as a life is concerned. If they would hook these guy up to one of those. What do they call those uh, uh, still a scope, whatever that thing is? And then it would just be a straight line. A little bleep would be just going straight on point. I'm going to tell you. It's so hot in here today. We could fry eggs on a console. We could have lunch dinner breakfast. Open line and date county. 65705. What is it? 567. Well, I had the right numbers just in the wrong order. 567. 560 and 560 on the AT&T line. I don't know what they'll I'm talking about after listening to that. 18 minutes of this guy's life. He waits on hold on a phone with a phone. With a phone stuck in his rectum. Tell me that baseball is boring. God, am I impressed? Here's Weston. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Why didn't everyone want to talk about Jimmy Johnson? I have no idea. Hey, I may have put my finger on it. About women and why they I just don't think they get the show. Hmm. Last night, I'm watching the show with 1030. Yeah. I tell my wife. I didn't watch either show last night. It was too wrapped up in my baseball. It was very good. It was wrapped up getting bored. So, my wife, I tell her to shoot in the bedroom. Yeah. I tell her to put on the show. She's been listening to you for like five years. She turns on the show and the first thing is, I didn't know Neil were the Yamaka. Oh, I thought that was pretty funny. Oh. Tell. Hey, don't you have no, not terrible. Just the pressing. Where the when you had on the pressing. The when you had on the last night, we're like a good food. You actually look like a nice Jewish boy. I don't want to look like an I church boy. I get idiot because somebody wearing a beanie on her head. It looks like an idiot. That's why I'm wearing it. I don't want to be a nice Jewish boy. Oh. But that's part of the born up. Beanie on your head. That's that don't think it's the man. Am I supposed to hold a sign up saying, don't look. I look stupid wearing his beanie on my head. Don't you guys get it? It's a quote. It's a quote. The cardinals, the red socks, the Jews, whoever it is. I mean, it's a stupid idiotic thing. And especially with the holidays coming up. And all these beautiful obedient Jews that are going to go to show for their one time of the year, and they're going to stick a beanie on their head. Why are they doing it? Yeah, my mother's like scrambling for high holiday tickets. I'm like, why do you go once a year? You know, unbelievable. Hey, I often know the shirts you wear. They seem to be you have them in every color. Yeah. What a remod, I have a great day. See, there you go. I mean, didn't we transcend that three months ago? We got off of which shirts I'm wearing and what color they are and what do you your Amica? But that's what you're dealing with because it's a visual medium. And God forbid these people should actually figure out what to show us all about. And when I'm talking about this guy's taking it, tell me his wife don't get it. Open line and date county, 560560. We want to hear from somebody from our Republic of Dominicanos today. Don't wait. Come on. Somebody that's whipped up to a friend who's about Sammy Sosa while they're eating their Sancocho de Minucano. Whatever the hell I did. What is that? Or it's meat and potatoes stew. Sancocho de Minucano. I like saying that though. I republiqued him in Econa. It's got a nice ring to it. You don't want to go there but it's got a nice ring to it. Here is Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. I bet his daughters are sighting his beliefs. Yes sir. Hey, I got a question on the statement plate. Uh-huh. Do you think if the race was between McGuire and King of Virginia, you think the reaction would been different? No. And the statement is, I believe that what America can't stand a black man being better than anything over white man. Yeah. So, do I have any reaction on that? Do I have any reaction on one? If it was going to be between you, a black man. I agree with it. I don't think that it would be any different. I think that the media has chosen Mark McGuire is the great white hope. And that no matter who else does it, especially if it's a black guy, they're not going to get the same cut on notoriety's Mark McGuire. He's been braided as the Inube Babe Ruth. Thank you. And God bless you sir. And good luck to you in America because it's a racist country. Make no mistake about that. The darker your skin is, the less we like you. And say, I'll see Griffey probably would get more attention because he's not so dark. He's almost kind of like like chocolate and looks pretty good too, by the way. Can Griffey Jr. Sammy is very, very black. He's got a bad complexion. He's got a great, a lot of Sammy. So, he's got a great sense of humor. You watch his press conference. He's a funny guy. Keep talking about his Flintstone vitamin. And baseball bit very good to me. He's got a sense of humor. He appreciates what he's gotten here. He's got to come off the street. A schlepper that is made of a multi-millionaire. Now lives in an eight bedroom condo on the lake in Chicago. That at least is grateful and appreciative of what the hell he's got. And these people, they don't give it cramp less. And then they, I'm going to tell you, you football people, you are the scourge of the earth. I'm not talking about just football fans because a lot of people are including me. Football fans. You want to mention football people who live diet. You are idiots. You're more on your impossible. You're a simple person. I'm embarrassed by you. You're taking up valuable space that living and breathing. People could be taking up everything else is boring to them. And like I said before, and they can't deal with the truth. They go out there to a hot sweaty ass place with a bunch of drugs. 75,000 screaming idiots. And it convinced themselves they're having a good time. Like on Sunday. And I got news for it. It didn't take me 17 minutes and 57 seconds on Sunday of staying on hold on my TV. And I had spot on the dial on channel 4, which they spent thousands of dollars to put that swell on here. To convince myself that I was being bored. It took me about two minutes and click. And then I came back a little later. Another 30 seconds. Click. More this. Crap. Click. See ya. But if you want to pay your hard earned good money and to be bored to tears, be my guest. There might be the panthers season last year. I'm not going to sit here and tell you that we weren't getting bored. The tears have got to be a chore to go down there. At least now it's close by. I can walk home in middle of the second period. Say screw this already. I'm going to stop at the song. Or I'm going to stop at the Amical Station. It's on the way home and get me a hug and I'll just caramelize. I'm going to get two of them. Caramel brittle crunch. Two of them then I have two sticks. Well each dog can look off the remnants of one stick. Why? Well they love doing that. Don't you shouldn't give you dogs chocolate. I'm talking about what you'll do. Do you think I leave any chocolate on those sticks? I don't know what I'm going to do. But they're you idiot. I'm both sides. And then they get just the aroma of whatever. They used to be chocolate. Yum, yum, yum. That's pretty good. You know like that. You idiot like I'm leaving chocolate on that stick. I'm so sorry. God. Crazy man. Jesus. You think it would be like my letting them look out the inside of the fish boot container before I did it first. Hi. What a dumb bell. Do you think I got this fat by letting my dog suck up all the good stuff? You are really slow, Mr. Spick. It's 1127 and five years. There's a person who loves a good stogi at the track. But now it's a fat. There's no question about it. And if you're going to smoke a stogi, you might as well smoke a good one. Oh, soggy stogi. That's my warning to you. If somebody brings you a soggy stogi, tell them what to do with it. Or somewhere, but not in your post. Believe me, or moniker. Happy birthday. I think you know it was my birthday. I'm psychic. Oh, it's a nice night. I'm physics. Huh? I said happy birthday. Thank you. And that too. Cock'm own. And happy new year and happy on happy young people. Yeah, happy things. Happy for them. That too and happy circus. Yeah, but the sad thing is that today my air condition of the sprung elite has a man who's here right now. Well, man, can do wish you happy birthday. That's what it is. Yeah, that's it. Does that man listen to the show the air conditioning man? Wait, wait a minute. What? Oh, he says hi. He's a famous girl. Hi Glenn, how are you doing? See Glenn's a listener of this show. I didn't go there. There you go. Happy birthday to Glenn to whatever it hell is birthday. I'll tell them. Okay. To take care of him. I have a happy and stay cool. Yeah. Bye bye. I'm happy birthday to them. Happy birthday to them. We have an open line and did one and a grab. By the way, so this thing about the seat, you can't win no matter what you do with these people. When I used to wear the old polyester juoupants and the old Cuban polyester shirts, oh my god, he's the more stress-free sloppy. And I didn't really give a crap, but I used to take a lot of crap for that. Now I come in here dressed like a munch without no polyester juoupants or low rotors. And where am I nice Tommy Hall of Funger finger? Whatever the shirts are. They're pretty sure it's our. They're right. And looking almost human release from the neck down. Oh, well, I was the wrong color and it was this and it unbelievable. And they still look at the thing about the name you're looking. I'm not going to stop wearing them by the way, because I insist. I will wear it until it takes the show off like November 26. I'll continue wearing it. Because it's ridiculous. It's idiotic. And why are these people going to go to show on your very soon? We're on your show on your own. Keep it the high-holiday holidays. People who couldn't give a crap about name this stuff. But they've been conditioned to do it. And the reason they would give you is it's tradition. That's the word we always hear tradition. Was slavery tradition? The Getery tradition? Uh-huh. Sex is in tradition? Uh-huh. Hey, print traditional? Yeah. All of those things are tradition. Does that mean we should continue doing them? No. Because they didn't make any sense when they started doing them. And they were unacceptable and ridiculous. But because people are conditioned and being a little puppet, little Marianas, oh, we've been doing this for years. We'll go and put the thing on our head. They're smart on why? That is the question that I would ask you today. Why in God's name? How come I still can't find that thing? Did you move it? Oh, I hate that. Why the hell are you doing that? And I believe me, I don't respect any response to it. Because I'll get the same response I did the day I talked about people standing up for the prayers of the football games. And then I heard depot the other day talking about how he introduces the God. See, that's why depot's a little shill, a little ass sucking shill. Because he's got 7,000 different. This poor guy, I feel sorry for him. He's got 7,000 different jobs to try to eat out a living. He's got the TV show there on Wemi. He's got the radio show. He's got the Saturday tradeout show where he tries to, well, you know, trade out a few of whatever we can get for the house. A few freebies. He's got the, the panther thing. He comes out there between periods. He's in talk about sloppy pants. And he's doing that thing. Then he's out there at the P.T. Park, the stadium formerly known as. And he's doing that stuff. And introducing the preacher and introducing the half time show. I mean, again, the guy credit is working 30 hours a day. But how many jobs does it take to eat? He's doing a tennis show. And a golf show. And a high-life show. And a dog track show. This guy's on every, keep flipping that channelers default everywhere. He's all over the place. He's like cancer. Everywhere. Spreading like a disease. But I'll give his much response about tradition and they've been. He's, as I did about how come people stand up for the. Invocation. When it doesn't belong to the sporting event. None. Zippity drive. I had like a half dozen people. And most of the liars. I'm sure. I don't believe that those people are called in. You're sit down to the. Invocation. I don't believe it. I want to that thing. Years ago when I was a season ticket order. Fanging people. How about a few thousand of you join me? Let's start something. If the NFL finally gets wind that people are getting offended by this, they'll stop with this crap. It doesn't belong here. I mean, it would like to be going into a public restroom. Okay, before you sit down. I hold it. Hold it. Let's say a prayer before. Let's hope that everything comes out. Okay. Okay. Now you can go. Insanity. Loonacy. You can condition the human race. You can condition people to do almost anything. Anything. You know, they talk about hypnotists. You know, and I got to be honest with you. I'm not so sure that I believe any of this stuff or they should, you know, they snap their fingers and people are falling down. I don't buy any of that. That's a Vegas show kind of a thing. You know, it's a gimmick. But you can bring wash people that are doing virtually any guy dancing out of the sun. And then we ask them, I'll hug him. You're doing it. I don't know. It's tradition. Everybody else is doing it. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're doing great. I got a couple points to make about the McGuire. So it's a thing. I hope you'll hear me out. I'm listening. First of all, right? So you know, we've been holding our breath for 37 years for someone to do this. Okay. So what he finally did it. I think of it with a white guy, trailing McGuire. You see the same wet down. Because people are kind of over it. They got it out of their system. It's been done. You know, and now this guy comes along. And I think what he did is awesome too. But I think kind of America gets to kind of over it in a way. They're over it. What does that mean? I just think that they've been waiting 37 years for it to happen. The hype was at a fever pitch. This guy finally did it. You know, and people have got an X to LLK. And when they were tied, all right. And we're tied to 54. They were tied to 55. They're now tied to 62. Well, McGuire pulled them out from him. You know, and the guy got their first. But this is my big argument. Think for a second, Neil. As McGuire and so, so we're playing ball and the professionals down at Dominican Republic. Yeah. Going out for the most Hollywood record down there. Do you think for a second, those people will be going from McGuire? No. You think for a second, but they're not all ready for it. We're the reasons for one. They're not. What about Mexico? So what are you saying? This is a white country. No, what I'm saying is it's nationalistic pride. More than anything. This guy's quintessential Americana. So what's it? It's not speaking English, man. I know. Yeah, you're absolutely wrong. He speaks very decent. He's an anti-glacial language. People don't relate to it. And I don't think it's racism. I think it's Jim Griffith Jr. If in the one right now, from people, you would have seen more of a, a showing for him because... Well, I'm totally right. You know, you're arguing with yourself. I'm not. You just made the argument that McGuire did it. And then we, people are tired of it. And now you're saying it, Griffith would have done instead of saying it. The same thing. Even the same thing. If McGuire got there first, people would have been over it. Is that you? Is that me or more than what you just said? Why would they give him a warmer response? Because he's not so dark. I'm saying, we're making my argument more. It's a bunch of reasons. Thank you. That's right. That's right. It changes the complexion of a whole guy damn thing. Because Sammy's a lot darker and King Griffith Jr. is a lot better looking. And a lot lighter and he's got a candy board named after him. And quite frankly, the guy's right because Griffith Jr. is the best athlete in all of this. Fall anyway, right? Absolutely. No question about that. So what does everybody bitch in about? I mean, the guy makes the argument for me. If it's a racist thing. I mean, he's talking about in the Dominican Republic, the local guy against the white guy. This is supposed to be the melting pot. This is supposed to be, and again, I've been telling you for years. It doesn't work in this country because for a multitude of reasons. How come you go to other places? You go to Amsterdam. You go to Toronto. You see all these different oriental excuse me. Asians. Whatever the hell they're calling them. Goose. You see all these different people from all people from Pakistan. All over the world. They get along. No problem. But in America, it just ain't working. Baby, there's something wrong somewhere. There's a chigger in the wood pile. Twenty-two hundred five six-way. Can't beat that kid or me. Okay, last night was either David Browner, Jo Angel, I figured, which I flip over there for like one minute. And they're making a comment about some upcoming thing in the P.P. Park. And about there's some activity. It's going to be going on that's for free. And they said, oh, Rimmel, definitely be there for that. Joe Rose is doing entire spots for armies. Built around the fact that Rimmel is a cheap skate. They're doing it on television on a Marlon games, but I'm the bad guy, okay? The guy that fires all the dinners at Rootschgriss, I'm the bad guy because I tell it the way it is. By the way, do you know you're getting really old? Here's a mobile and market, hello. Mobile and market. Okay, great. Boy, they had a cute up in me, but how long I didn't see the time on that? How long did they posh gear around with that? Twenty-two-two minutes. That was good for like about a quarter of a second on the year. Excellent. They're almost as famous as the other guy with a 17 minutes and 52 seconds to tell me how baseball was boring. Yeah, it was pretty boring in Detroit last night. Even though it was a meaningless game that went into X-Rinning so long that it wasn't even in the papers this morning. Chicago was 17 and Detroit 16. That's pretty boring. We have an open line of day in the Mets winning in X-Rinning. Pulling one out of there. That's pretty boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the 18. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, I can name that tune in two seconds. Uh-huh. Listen, if I were to send you... And who's on Chicago? She saw you wearing the thing and she just thinks you're just like this to about, you know, Jew. Oh, my, the Vow Jew. There was a side saddle over the side of my head. Oh, ah. Well, if you weren't aware of something like, you know, like with a popware that little pistachio showed, thing on the side, or that. Hello. I would love that. I'm gonna send you a bunch of them because to me, all religious crap. Right, that's my point. And I think if you were a different stuff, you know, like a cowhead one day and a Buddhist of various things. That's like, okay. You want to address that? I know. It's in the middle of the maro. Okay, thank you. God bless you. We're delivery. Okay. And it must be pouring cats and dogs. I can hear it hitting the side of the building out here. We lost the saddle. I'd sing a little for just a second about a half hour ago. It's raining cats and dogs because he's upset. Yeah, this business. Let me say to you one more time. You know, I mean, I can't change it. And it isn't going to change. But this is such a race racially motivated thing. The fact that here we got two people who are like neck and neck nose to nose. And you know, maybe they just kind of jumped the gun a little bit because they were coordinating this guy. It's like it's like calling an election over like they do in a city of Miami. You know, like halfway after the votes have been counted when you got the ones that you want. Okay, the elections over. You're in. Maybe they should have waited a little bit. Of course they had to have some kind of a spontaneous celebration because he did break the record. But nevertheless, before they coordinated him and decided to give him all these gifts in the car. And this and that. Because now they backed themselves into a corner. Because you got two guys with 62. You still got about a dozen games left and suppose they alternate supposed. Sammy hit 63. Then the glory hit 62. But then here's 64 and to keep going back and forth. They can't have like 500 celebrations. They backed themselves into a corner. They only got somebody 62. Corvette's. One by the way, speaking of that, because I noticed our friends have pretend Contour advertising with 99. The two of us around. What is the new Corvette come out? I'm a little worried about that because we had that GM strike for about a month there. And I certainly am Jones and for one of those great new 99 Corvettes. And still trying to figure out where I'm going to buy one. Since I seem to be having all these. Oh, it must be you. You were a hard ass. Yeah, you ask any of the people I've ever bought a car from. I'm the biggest sucker that ever came down a pike. I walk in the door. I look around. Oh, there's the car that I want right there. How much is it? Okay. Here's a check. Here's my deposit. And that's it right it up. There isn't an easier guy to sell a car to in the universe than yours truly. But then after the fact, you know, things get screwed up. You bang up the car and they give you back a piece of crap. Which happened in one place. And then another place they hook you up with a with that FU bank up there in North Carolina with their slogan is FU no matter what the problem is. Oh, it's you again. FU. Yeah. What you took me like two months to finally get the right kind of the right to payment book with a right account number on it. Because the FU bank up there is so big. There has to know their elbow. Some a little bit concerned about those 99 vets when they're coming out and who's going to have them. And it's certainly so on. Not that I'm looking for a special deal. I want to come to cars always play a pay cost plus 10. A list plus 10. How about that goes? Here's Miami. Hello. Mr. Neil, you haven't seen the new Corvette yet the 99. I've seen the pictures of them. Oh, man, you need to see one of the persons against the patient. Who's got them? Oh, this guy is the yocswell that's a bit came to the yocswell. He has like a silver on this. Oh, where the hell did he get that? I don't know. He's just old man that he can't even. I think he parts to the three days a week. Oh, yeah. Mr. Neil. Yes, he's a friend of the Bill Sanders. Am I friends with him? I know him, vaguely. Am I friends though? I'm absolutely not. Are you all right? I thought I yours. No, I'm not. Are you all? Okay. Thank you so much, Faggot. We have an open line of day five six seven five sixty. There. Oh, that's another one of the guys with the stories. This guy that old lady's got the 99 Corvette or some old guy and Bill Tanner's driving his kid around in it. Whatever the hell it is. I'm in a real good mood today. Okay, don't mention Bill Tanner in the same breath. Here's the coral spring, hello. I don't know. I'm using it on my type. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Not anybody's type. Okay. As far as the race issue with this whole thing. Yes, I think it goes basically back to if you're a racist or not. People in every race. What does that mean? People in every race, they're good people in their bad people. Right. So you should treat people with a treat you, right? Right. And then forget about the race issue. But unfortunately in America, that doesn't apply. Okay. I think so, so, am I a bar or two classy? Right. They both treat each other nice. Right. They treat it the middle. More than some other ball players who have treated on. Absolutely. What do you think if we would have been cheffield pushing them? No one would have cared at all. No. For chef, right? Or we'd have been cursing under our break. Exactly. So when you look at it like that, why does old families from credit too? Because the competition pushed them to get to this point. I mean, how difficult would it have been for the commissioner of baseball who's a real piece of crap? Right. How difficult would it have been for him to be in really feel on Sunday? Or in San Diego last night, in San New Zealand, on a verge of going ahead and taking a lead in this? And show some respect, show some tangible, visible evidence that he gives a crap. Not nowhere to be found. In fact, chip carry on to the GM last night. I was proud of my was screaming. I was so happy. Took a couple of good shot to bugs. But he said, I know you're watching Mr. Commissioner too bad you couldn't be here for this event. And for us people saying there is no racism and baseball. Yeah. That has been, since they won. You know what? You know what? That's like saying, there's no fact in the church. Just a ridiculous answer. Exactly. It's been there since they won and still exist to this day. Okay. And as far as the 62 vets from a choir, what do you think they would give Sammy? The 62 Toyota Corolla. And old Brown beat up Corolla. Absolutely. Have a great day. All right. That's right on target, baby. He's got it. He knows it. The 2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. Come on, 60-2. The team of all the big back you got, Governor. Now, how come that was non-nation-wide? One of the most exciting moments in my life. And this has to be for the way to 17 minutes and 57 seconds. Tell me, baseball is boring. There was more excitement in that one moment. And at once, when it about, then all the NFL games on Sunday come by. Come by. Put together. Period. No argument. That's it. They're still screaming. Yeah. We're excited about that. One moment that all those stupid ball games. And I'm, hey, it doesn't have to be that way. It's just called mediocre. I mean, New Orleans is too, and what does that tell you? So many bad, bad, horrible, crippled up garbage teams. And people, like I said, they go there and they try to pretend to themselves, oh, this is an exciting effect. This is great. We're having a great time. Aren't we? No. Give me a break. Philadelphia and St. Louis Rams and Tampa Bay that was so highly touted on New Orleans and Atlanta felt Cooons and all these horrendous, grotesque, terrible, terrible, awful Indianapolis cults. Yeah, the Dolphin fans are screaming too weak. So hey, we went up there and beat the cults. They pounded the crap out of us up there to the last year. Yeah. They looked real good against the New England. And I didn't know, oh my God. Just rampant mediocre, and if you think that that's your idea of excitement, more power to you, baby, I'm real happy for you. Five minutes before noon at five, 60, so how long is it going to take before these people understand that I'm afraid about Judas going to be going to the high holy days and Russia's shone on your own, kipper, etc. and so on, not. I just don't get it. We should have made a deal. They would have to be on at least three years on Miami and the TV thing. They would give people enough time to catch on. It's all about because man, you talk about slow. How long does it take? I mean, I'm wearing a goddamn yarmel car right now. I like patch. I got it over one eye and he's still okay. Oh, it's very serious. He's a very devout Jew. You know, he keeps saying open over again. He hocks a trident in the industry. Guess what? Or there's people at our very religious don't hawk and try to conny it is. They say, Cox a hoist. Yeah, I guess they do. Especially if he drive on Chavez. Get that off. Get that out of there. Crazy old Jews at the wailing wall. They're wailing on it. When they're sitting within their to fill in and all that other ridiculous stuff. It's all a bunch of ball crap. That's the point! That's the point! Who the hell do you think wrote all those old bubble Mister'szinho. Test them and a bunch of crazy old Jews. Abraham, Abraham Solomon. Don't be knocking Abraham, Solomon okay. Oh. That's right. He's the only one to hit any idea what it was all about. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pompeii. Let's get rid of this crankle on South Beach. So, Peach. Yeah. The home run record for a single season hasn't been broken yet. And when Sammy, he got the T end of the season with the record. Uh-huh. I'll be a lot more important with going on with McWyer and all those rigging. Okay, thank you. Okay. When you once hit Courtier Mark's next to that, that was a very articulate call. Just because he was in the bag. We have two over. That's what Sammy said. It's in the bag, baby. The couple lines have stayed five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six on the mobile one line. It's a pretty sad day when I really call it day to day the cops. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Let me ask you something. I thought that the teammates of McWyer chipped in and bought him that court. You sure was majorly baseball. I don't have any idea. I didn't see that that happened long after. I mean, I wasn't sticking around at midnight to see the ceremony for two and a morning. I think it was a teammate and if that's the case, and I think the social team could have done the same thing. Could have taken a bit more serious. And I think the real thing. How come the couple organization didn't plan any kind of, you know, to stop the game, have some kind of a ceremony? And, you know, and of course it would kind of different, you know, they did get the guys in both cases with the baseballs, but how did they be sure because they didn't even mark the ball of an old threshold balls? That was wrong with that. I mean, what they're basically saying is if you're a white guy in America, you can have special balls. But if you're a dark, complex guy, then nobody cares about your balls. How do you like that? You might have a point there. Yeah. But the guys have special balls, is what they're saying. Why aren't they showing more co-games on the TV? You know, I've been seeing more cardinal games this year that I hear in my whole life. Yeah. You know, I think now with them tied, they should be putting on more co-games to WGN have any say so about that. Like, I don't know. I mean, I'm sure that they wouldn't mind if it had the editors. I don't know how about the how the deal goes. Well, the test is going to go. I thought that Fox was doing all this extra stuff. And then I read in the paper this morning in very Jackass, wrote it so it must be a bogus. I read that they're cutting down the cover. A couple of weeks now. Yeah, cutting back. Because on Sunday when they had the football game on ESPN, they could have put the baseball with Cardinal VM on ESPN. On the doosh, right? On the doosh. And they didn't do that. I've been putting them for up. They suck. Well, anyway, you have a great one. And it's so true. The Cardinal leader has been got it. There you go. All right. Okay. Dave County's wide open. All three lines open a day. Did we hear from anybody from my Republican in the kind of the day? No. Are they busy eating at the Chiba with Sado? No. They don't even know what that led is. They don't know that Dominican Republic Chiba was Sado. It's some Cuban thing. It is. They're serving it at El Padrito. I've had it. But it was made by Americans. Chiba, Gisado, was an American thing. It was where I'd been. Kind of like Chagrever. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. In-dade. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. A question in the comment for Lily White America. Book Morgan Romance and Caroi Law. Let me ask you...ques were you by Kardashian  Lads Who said economic economic development is possible Even since cyber status has increased, but these were less estocher-ind Mikeyorton called Nathanew's instead of nine? J? Now, the fucking party in Chile was nothing. But the equity government that he raised from too many people was followed later on, everyone softly orders a draftedete when someone irritated at Norfolk at the age of 53. That welcomes the fucking Central. That bad thing. Hang on. It'sMC. They don't have to be a big boy anyway. That's right. Okay. That's not like what if you ask me to do an a voice. That's okay. Good caller, what do you call us again next year? We have an open line in day one in Broward 560, pound five 60 on a mobile line. Does anybody care about this stuff? No, of course not. No, it's all the women calling in here today. No. Just our friend, the thanks for calling. Maybe that's it. Rest of these women, they're busy investing in the president again. You know, I took that poor yesterday and the thing that really shocked me. People just didn't want to answer what they didn't want to be vague. So they said either resign or repeat or leave them alone and stay in office. But my answer is I can't I can't take any more of it. I can't stand anymore. I'd in fact give me all for this. What's on two 90s? Bob Barker under saving animals again. OCDS news. Oh, that again. Oh, now we're talking. It's John Bene Ramsey. It's almost two years later. We're coming up to Christmas time. 19 98 was five to seven to 26 of 19. It's almost two years now. They're both at Colorado. Kind of working a little bit slowly because the old man had a lot of cash. That's what it was all about. Don't be surprised. Yeah, that's right. They're working very slowly on a John Bene Ramsey murder case. And we just maybe maybe when they feel like it they get around to what they'll let the brother talk to the authorities or maybe they'll come back in the middle if they're in the right mood or not. What kind of a guy damn investigation is that? Do we have justice in America? No. Do we get justice in the O.J. case? No. What do we got now? Something's at beat. Okay, let's get some of the good naked people on there. Now, now that's what we want to see. Some good young flesh, 10, not too dark. Kind like Malcolm. See, that's what Sammy Soses problem is. He's too dark. Augurity of Malcolm from the Young and the Hornie. If he had 62 homerons, he'd be a, they'd be grabbing him. I'd be grabbing him. I'll tell you that. I'd be chasing him. Here's any of you if he don't have the 62. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Amy. Yes, sir. I have a question. You know, first thing about Soses and Maguire. You know, my hats off to Soses. I'm a big, you know, just a big baseball fan. Yeah. The 62 homerons is great. But what I think what is upsetting me more than anything is the race issue. I agree to 100% I feel that Soses was slotted. I feel a lot of what you feel. But. Well, what would be the reason other than that? Give me 20 or 30 other reasons. Well, what, the reason why I call them, what's mainly, I'm saying me the most is that the people that are mainly calling and complaining about the racism are the black people. They are. I've been having a couple of black people call here today all the whole show, but I'm for two hours. Did you hear the first team this morning? No, I did not. Yeah. Do you think I'm going to listen to that show? No. Well, every other call will go. They wasn't out of it. It was mainly a show that was taken care of all the calls. Yeah. But, I mean, they were really just ridiculous. Well, they're all. Well, wait a minute. You expect white people to be calling in and sticking up for black people as far as a racial argument? I mean, that does make a lot of sense. No, it's not about that. But what I'm saying is every time in any situation, when you hear whether forget it's even baseball, but it's anything in general in life when it goes down to racism. I mean, if they ban Troy, eight men and Steve Young from the gay Olympics, do you think that straight people will call in and belly a couple of times? I doubt it. No, I'm just, I'm just saying in general, I, kind of have a problem with every time there is a racial issue. Regardless whether it's sports or baseball or just life in general, it seems to be the black people that can play in. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait a minute. What do you mean by that? This is the same last time I checked Sammy. So, so it's black. If people believe that their people, the group to which they belong, of which they are a member, of which they are a person, is being discriminated against. Who else would you expect to be complaining about it? Right. But what I'm saying? Is it a black-and-yooker king white? Or Louis the king was black? Yeah. All right. Okay, absolutely. So was he fighting for rights for white people? No, he was trying for rights for black people. So what I don't understand your point? The point I'm trying to make is that whenever there is a situation that comes up where race is brought into it and involved into it, the first people that we're calling complain that are usually the black people. Not necessarily. I said yesterday, I think the most dense good people in this town are Hispanics by far. Five foot, not even close. Well, what I started talking about, I started talking about Halimell and the old people and Halimell years ago. The old Jews were carrying on. They were trying to get me off the years. Sunny Rosenberg and I crowd. There's not anyone group that's got any, you know, a stranglehold and any lock on being up tight. Yeah. But it's not a big thing. But at any time, now that you've made that allegation, what do you think the reason is, why are Sandy Sorsa being slidded? And why was a big ugly Mark McGuire treated one way like like the all-time hero of the universe and Sammy Sorsa is almost like an afterthought? I agree with the 100% and you can blame a lot on the media. Yeah. I said that the other way. And then you also await all the good. Good. That's a little bit correct. Absolutely. You know, it's not fault of the major league baseball that he did not pay. Well, it's what Felix is. But he was fault that he wasn't there in Chicago one Sunday or out and said the eagle last night, that's his fault. Well, he's a commissioner of baseball. You and me also share the same opinion on but two. It's an asshole. Yeah. Well, he is. You put it better than I could have. OK. All right, Neil. Just wanted to talk a little bit. Well, keep in mind, we had a lot of white people calling saying the same thing. All right. OK, I have a great opinion. What do you say? We have an open line of day one and a broad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom-5, 60, and the mobile one line. What he said all you darkies out there quick and plain and so much. That's what he said. Let's hear from some people who just lighten up a little bit as what he said. Light up, get some chloroxin, they're working on it. That's a little bit of a little bit. It's like Ross Pearl would say and do do do and light up a little bit. Because America likes, they like black people who are like not black. They like, like I said, just a minute ago, they like Malcolm and a young and a honey. Guys who are very, very like, give me a like Harry Belafonte's daughter. I can never think of a serious that an ham, Sherry Belafonte. They love her because she's beautiful. She's got big gazongas and she's not too dark. She's not to when you're real real like jet-flat. Then all of a sudden, minutes of holding it from ballgame, right? Am I right about that? Yeah. Don't get too dark. 10 minutes after. Sports radio, 5, 60, Q, A, L, L, Lickett and Stick. Sports back in the early bell of teens and in 20s. Guys like Ty Cobb and Babe Ruth, they had to work their way up into white leagues before they were allowed to do a major league baseball. White leagues. Huh? You think I'm just making that up? The white leagues for white guys. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 5, 60. I'm a mobile one line. Here's Hialia, hello. Yeah, I got a spot report for you. I was backstage at the power management, he's been concerted. They have the other thing. And you wouldn't believe who has a girlfriend. And Reke. Bo Griffin. Bo Griffin has a girlfriend. Okay, great. That's good news. We have two open lines in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 50 on the mobile one line. How come it is that little spakes can't call us with any of the things whether was the president we talked about yesterday, whether it's Sammy Sosa, no matter what it is, they've got their own little agenda. They got stupid little stories. They got stuff they want to, you know, dis what's your name? The Schmull, Chul Griffin. Let's get with it. Let's start getting with the program. Okay. And stopping out there on the periphery of the human race just because they cut 10 the castor was spiced and it's on the front page of the hero class all over the paper like we give a crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Is there a mobile in Miami? Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I didn't get to hear the show yesterday and I'm sure you talked about it with the source. I'm sure you did. I'm glad you talked about it today. But I'm going to talk about socialists. They talked about the president they yesterday. Okay. Well, anyway, when he hit that 60 second in the 61st, I'll tell you, I'm white. I'm a doubt rate that as could be. I think it's as strange. I think it's an outrage and not to have to marish family there as well and the marks the ball and to do the same exact things that they did for him. Now, the only thing that I can figure other than the race part, which I'm sure has some validity to it is maybe they're thinking because the other guy got to it first that that holds more weight or something which is totally loaded. Now, I don't buy that because all year long, the thing that everybody has talked about who has any interest in this whatsoever has been breaking Roger Maris's record. That's the standard 61 and 1961 and 67 years ago. That's the all-time record. That's the most important record in all sports and they've both been trying to break that record now they both do and look at the difference in the response and the reaction of the major league baseball, the commissioner, the team organization, the other team that was on the field. And it's interesting that when McGuire did it, the cubs and social what a team it was on the field. All of the cubs high-fived and grab ass with McGuire and Sammy came running in all away from right field and embraced him and they had a big ceremony. But in this case with the Milwaukee Brewer is totally classless and Bud Seed, you know, put a stamp right on these guys. They cite Neil? Yes sir. Yeah, you know, I had like baseball going back like you did and then I really went away from a nama metvan and you know, due to the panorace and the 62-homers, I mean, I'm getting some interest back. But even on a metvan, I got to tell you, I hope that's so to it. I hope he's the one that comes out with more than this was a slap in the face of this guy. You know, it really was a disgrace in his family and so on. I think they should be a shun turned off again by this by saying how do you like to get a call before and says, well, you know, if Griffey, even though Griffey's also black, if he would have done it, there would have been more because he speaks better English and he's like more American. Well, well, what does that mean? Not what does that mean? I've been through these are ass-in-line people. The guy's from the Dominican Republic, you know, which puts out more baseball players per capita. You know, what does that say about? Forget about the United States wherever you're from what color? This man has done something that's so impressive. He gets on a hot streak like he did in June or whatever. He's going to hit. By the way, that was the all-time Major League record for most homeruns in one month, 20 by not Mark McWyer, Sammy Sosa, 20 in a month of June. I just thought I would mention that. I mean, he's got more RBICs in a panoramic way. Right. He's going to be the RBP in the...