Dude, like getting into the show. This one. Because I thought it was pretty shocking when the guy called and asked his Roger Merist to live. But what the tag on the end of that spot that we just had? Who was that? Lenny what? Lenny Cravitz? Who was that? Lenny what? Martez. Well, what is that? Is it animal? Vegetable? Oh my God. I want to give you the real thing, Danielle. There was a photo of a 160 WQM happy Tuesday. That's right. We're almost there. We're almost the Labor Day. We're hanging on by our thumbnails. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to start listening to the morning show with the whole different, which I don't listen to with anyway. It's little as I can. But with a whole different attitude. Because I now realize what are, what their stations basically all about. And that is people talking about stuff that they have no idea what they're talking about. People talking about sports. Loud and shrivel, especially guilty. Talking about right. He wouldn't know Roger Maris if the ghost of Roger Maris walked in right now. He wouldn't know him. But that guy who sounded old enough to know what Matuzla calling and asking is Roger Maris still alive. This is our sports discussion in South Florida. And by the way, Androstein sounds Jewish to me, don't it? Oh, and you're a steam. You know, Defos, all I think too much Viagras, what's getting to Defos? It's a good lesson for all you guys out there. Viagras great in small amounts. You don't overdo it because Defos obviously is crumbling out of the pressure of that drug. Because he's all psychotic that I ripped him and asked yesterday for ping on Mark McWarrers parade. And I take nothing back that I said. And you'll notice that if you scoured the sports pages, nobody is writing about this thing anymore. Because those people who understand, this is not something. This morning, Defos carrying on like a maniac. Oh, the kids, they're going to start taking it because Mark McWarrers taking it. And it's something that's readily available just like Viagras. You can get it without a prescription right over the internet. I hate to break the news to you, Defos. You don't need a prescription for this. It's something you buy in a health food store. Okay, you don't have to go on the internet to buy this crap. And I saw that doctor on here last night. Or it's an antabolic steroid. Yeah, well, if it is, then how come you can buy it without a prescription in a health food store? Anybody ever wonder about that? Everybody's a guy that makes bread all of a sudden. If that one asshole wouldn't have just stuck his nose in a Mark McWarrers locker, we could have put that all aside. Oh, they're all going to be running out to Viagra because Mark McWarrers doing it. Like I said, I stand by what I said yesterday. Why have they're always going to be people? I'm supposed to be the sour push, Mr. Negative. I'm Mr. Happiness, baby. Doesn't take much to keep me happy. Just give me a check-in to turn me loose. That's all. By the way, where's that guy then? Where's David? Would I check? Yeah, here's the story this morning. The Marlins have sold more than 30,000 tickets for each game next week already. Against the Cardinals. And if I had it about 3,000 extra seats by opening up the left field bleachers. The section is covered with a tarp, but the tarps coming off for Mark McWarrer. There you go. Because finally something good is happening. And we got people like that. By the way, Gueldi, I hate to break the news to you. The FDA is not the federal drug administration. The food and drug administration. Why is that important? Because if we're just a drug, then maybe they'd regulate it. But food has in stuff that's not drugs. You got little punks opening up big loud mouths. And people sitting out there, oh yeah, they know what they're talking about. That guilty sure has a lot of credibility. Oh yeah, man. I sit on the edge of my seat listening, man. And he's talking about how Henry Aaron had all those racial threats when he was breaking Babe Ruth's lifetime home, run record. And Marissa, nothing like that. I hate to break the news to you. A lot of people think Roger Meris got cancer and died because of the stress that he had and took from those obnoxious, hateful New York fans who boot him mercilessly. See, first it was Mickey Manel that every time he didn't hit a home run. He'd boot the crap out of him because New York fans never, you're never good enough for the New Yorkers. Never good enough for them. But that short boots here cut anyway, but like turning gray and falling out and the died a horrible death. So you think Roger Meris is still alive? No. Oh God, the knowledge of the sports people in this town. Of course, it's not just the sports people. It's any topic you pick. You pick the subject and these people will dazzle you with their ignorance. Oh, but he's taken a supplement. Those kids are all going to be like, well, how about all the other stuff they sell and health food stores for people to bulk up, huh? All those protein shakes and those power drinks and all. Eight million different supplements for people to bulk up. All of which are like food products. They're not drugs. And here's air v. Like I said, Pittsburgh, you have a day for the first time since they built the goddamn three-rovers stadium. They get two sellouts in a row and a team that's going nowhere. Playing against the other team that's going nowhere because finally there's something we can sync our teeth and do that we can be positive and get excited about. Oh, no. This is a terrible thing. What's going on? The kids are all going to run. I see a lot of little kids running out to their health food stores. Don't you? They're all running out there right now. Whatever mark McGuire's taking, I want to start taking it right now. So I can put you up and be a big guy like him. And by the way, if that's what it's all about, Sammy Sosa, who's got 51 home ones, is he a big strapping a muscle bound guy? No, how about Roger Maris was he? No, no. There's a lot of guys who had a lot of home ones who weren't like big muscle bound guys. Some of them were maybe Ruth was he a big was he muscle bound young? He just had a big puppy. He was kind of like the fat Joe of baseball. They're Ruth. He was a beard, guzzling pig is what he was. Oh, sorry Joe. But I mean, he was just a fat pig. He certainly was about as muscular as I. And that, in fact, I'm the baby Ruth of radio. There you go. Yes, skinny arms, skinny legs, big fat gut, not as big as he had because I haven't been. I'm not better catch up, huh? I better start catching up. Too much more of that fish food you'll be doing a baby. So anyway, I don't want to talk anymore about angro steaming about the gold steaming about angro steaming. Those steams, okay, because those use you got enough problems already. I want to talk about somebody much more important. I want to give you the real thing, Danielle. Mr. Call Me irresponsible, the weather furry does it again. What did I tell you yesterday morning, right about this time? And I'm no, I'm no meteorologist, baby. I'm no rocket scientist. But when you've been true enough of these, I mean, you start looking very rationally. Realize that this hurricane that wasn't that it would not come in. It's not hidden here. What did I say yesterday? Jesse Helms and North Carolina is never I said. And where is the big hurricane warning today for Bonnie? They got hurricane watches in South Carolina in Virginia. But the warning is in North Carolina. I was going to you. And I didn't make a dime for telling you that. But Brian, North Cross, he's on there as late as yesterday. And they're even using this clown on the CBS National Network News. Poor Red Bradley has to throw it to Brian or cross. And Brian threw it back. He said, oh, that's not my type. And put him on there on national CBS Network News. They have stereo man. Late yesterday afternoon, he still said, wow, we're not on the woods yet. And I was waiting for him to start doing what he did that one time a couple of years ago. He had another hurricane offshore that never made it here. And it was already had past as it was moving north of Palm Beach County. And Brian was standing there for the camera trying to bring it back down with his hand. And though you're hurricane too. How do you like that? Yeah, popped up. And he tried to bring it back down with his goddamn hand. You Brian, you are a simple, thin baby. Ever since Hurricane Andrew Man, this guy's ego is bigger than his goddamn. Well, what's not saying much. And he's just out of control. Oh, yeah, you better watch. You better go out and tell me because that mountain down the hatch isn't going to allow water and batteries. Yeah, I've heard you have a lot of pissed off people today. But they'll be ready for the next 10 or 20 hurricanes now because they went out and they got their supplies. Baby, they got stuck to the last two years, 25, 25 after we all been long didn't bury. They got supplies. Because we've got hysterical people here who are totally irresponsible. I want to give you the real thing here. Yeah, keep it. As whole. 10 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM. WWQAM. So when I got a replica of these sea guards, remember we had that story yesterday from the drug report? It's not even that big. That's somebody facts to us that, you know, I'm just read that. I got a confess. Well, I have to confess the two things. I want to show the TV show last night at 9.30, the worst in history. And part of the reason that was the worst in history, the fact that I was in Koh Herton, mumbling and bop bop bop bop by and babbling, was the fact that I had in my Varno 2 tea. I had like a pieces sea guard in between my bottom two teeth. I wonder where Monica's got a piece of sea guard, huh? And I didn't have Janet Reno here to figure it out for me. Monica, Mike. But anyway, so we got an exact replica, but I guess they'll have to watch the TV thing to see the replica of the sea guard. Well, this is like what we see guard. Monica was doing the nasty with. Yeah, she was doing a little odd G dot down there. Maybe she even stuck it in her echo in one or two times. Then of course you have to wonder, do you light up after that? Well, I do know slick, well, he's got a good sense of humor. So nice going Monica. And I got the goods on Monica today. By the way, if you want to get the real store and anything in America, I've been resisting this for years, but it's the truth. If you want to get the real low down, the blow down, you've got to go and get the tabloids. They'll take the real story behind the story. And whether it's a real or not, it's good stuff. The star, baby, there she is right under front. Monica, Bill gave me an engagement ring. I thought he would divorce Hillary and Mary Me, the secret he told me about the first lady and why I saved that. Scored, Scored, Scored. Oh, we're going to get all of this good stuff today. We're getting it. The good stuff, baby. It's flattering all over the goddamn place. This bridge is crazier than a bedbuck. Now what we see about parasites on cigars? They grow on the leaves. They're, you know, tiny like my- Yeah, they might- Yeah, they might grow on the leaves. Yeah, they might grow on the leaves. Yeah, they're the garlies, but that'll be cool. Sorry, you just didn't have Monica, might have mice in her. Yeah, she might have parasites and mice in her. Yeah. Well, don't you think that's what we ought to have an examination for that, too? Do you think Fall Shampoo gets rid of those? Maybe we better call on those two great politicians, Bush Inspector, to check that out. Huh? What? I think that they better go when it's out, check it out. There's some evidence. We got to get all the evidence. Because if it don't fit, oh, and guess how much mail I got yesterday. Get ready. Oh, done. None. So I get home. I'm just furious. Okay, I go over to my private box. I open it up. It's empty. It's like mother-hubbered covered on a bed day. I go home and I call my, you know, you open up the US Postal Service and a white page isn't it? It's got eats, if code has got its own phone number. And you go through the whole thing. It's like a fill-hanger, but you know, dial one press one. If you rely press one sit on the floor, stick it up your ass. I finally get somebody on there, living in breathing lady who seemed fairly reasonable. And she's giving me a song at a dance about, well, you know, in the beginning it's very, very slow. I said, no kidding. And then she's telling me, like I said, it was 17 days ago that I put in those change of address cards. She says, well, have you gotten some mail yet? I said yes. Well, you know, that's pretty, you're pretty fortunate because usually it takes at least ten to fourteen days to get even the first bit, like boy, you should count your lucky stars, Mr. What you'd be complaining about. So then I have to give her all the information over again. She's going to like put a double check on it, but have no fear she's just because in the beginning it's very, very slow. Because it's the rise now. Whatever it all, that means. Does that make any sense to you? And I'm trying to ask you or just a couple of reasonable questions, not screaming out his there about like, what's the logic behind that? Why would it be slow? Once they put in the change of address and once it's in a computer, why does everything just automatically funnel over to, oh no, in the beginning it's very, very, very slow is what she said. And I said, oh, here's the lady in hell and there, hello. Yeah. Good. I do. I'm a seventy six year old lady. Oh, and I just got to do. Oh, no, my husband's been listening to you for years. Uh-huh. And I just want to tell you, you're just fantastic. You wonderful. And I love listening to you. I want to at nine thirty. Yeah, you're the one. And then I want to attend thirty and I have to sit through that stupid boy. Oh, that's portrait was killing me. It's killing you. And they got to be deported, especially that laughing high in the guy that's always grinning from ear to ear. Well, he's too happy for me. Right. Well, Zyg is on. Thank you. And happy a circus. Be well. And back to you. Hello. Okay. How do you like that? They love being hell and death. Part cry from those old sunny Rosenberg days when that old bastard was trying to get me off here. Oh, yeah. We're going to draft the resolution in the city of Hell and Dale to try to get Neil Rogers off the year because he's making fun of a scene how old parts he'll be here in Hell and Dale. Because he's telling the guy damn truth. Sunny Rosenberg and instead of a bitch, just still like boys, is it? Are they blowing hot air in here today or what? Man, oh, man. I think this is the day we get the gas in this joint. It is steamy in here. So I can ask please anybody with our TV crew. If I have like a bunch of moots, if I would be well advised during a break early and ensure to let me know to tip me off. Because that's all I kept looking at. During that whole half hour, I was so depressed. I went to bed at 10 o'clock last night. I was so depressed by that 930 show on Wemi. I mean, the fact that it's sought to begin with, that was about enough. But the fact that I had that theory to my teeth, to remind me of that spot where the guy goes to Japan for the big business meeting. And his secretaries are like following them down the corner, wiping the dandruff off the shoulders of his suit. And they got them all spifed up and then he goes meets the Japanese guy and shakes his head opens up his mouth. He's got a good piece of like, you know, mong between his teeth. And that's what I had. So I apologize profusely for that mong between my teeth. Anybody out there ever have mong between their teeth? I bet you did. It's better than the mong that moniker's got between her. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Hey, mean, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Long time for a time. Yes, sir. Hey, do you know Jerry Glawo? Do I know what? Jerry Glawo. No. Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward, 560560, on our prestigious AT&T Wireless line. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, boy. I got to call that. Uh-huh. I don't know, but I got to call it our little spikts. It's gotten a life, yes, go ahead. I got a story. I got a little, a little fraternity, a little club of these guys. Yeah, they're all freezing and grabbing. And when they're not squeezing and grabbing each other, they're grabbing our phone, yeah. I was up in Atlantic City and I'm playing the, walk around playing the dice games and I come up to one table and this is a bunch of guys and they're all winning and every time they would make the point, you know, or they would start yelling out some of your cards. All of a sudden I walk up and I hear, no, oh, hey, hey. Oh, hey. Yeah. I hear the one guy going, I don't have any cavities because I don't have any teeth. And then he would throw the dice and I got to know these guys and it was great. We had a ball. Yeah. So, just town you were out there, what does that mean? They were from here. Yeah, they did a fly on the mountain. They're up in Atlantic City because of course there's nothing to do here and you don't want to go out on any of the boats here. That's right. I'm sure. We did that by the way. We went on the boat, my dad was down. He wanted to gamble. So we go out on one of the casino boats from Palm Beach. We get there. They don't have the buffet. So we're all starving. And they're giving the crappy little sandwiches. Yeah. Well, that'll teach you. You want those damn cruise ships, some town. Yeah. You have to be out of your mind to go on a crap. I know. But hey, we never want to think of you guys talking about parasites on the leaves of the tobacco. Yeah. You know, Castro hates our gut. You can just imagine what you rolled in those things because half the time whenever I'm out of these clubs. They smell like mong in there. I don't know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I mean, that's what's the thing it's all about. You got just smoking, you know, whatever. He's probably shipping back the, you know, these guys that are smuggling in the illegal Cuban cigars. He's probably sending us the same poison cigar that we were trying to kill him with a few years ago. That's right. Their cow pastures are very clean over there. You know what I mean? Yeah. They really are. They're a great day. See in Atlantic City, not bottle horrible place that is black. He said, better than going on those cruise ships and you ripped off. And since Default's so concerned for all those little kids out there, how about all the little kids that are listening to this radio station? And it's steady hearing about sports much at the time they're in about a legal gambling. What about that? Default? Well, for I just Mr. Mr. Protector of the Youngsters of America. I thought this was supposed to be a station where they discussed sports, not give you the odds that every on a tilly wing scheme. We got about 15 hours of that crap on a station every day. Oh, who do you like in the Missouri State darkened saw polytechnic institute soccer game? What's the spread on that? Thank God, we don't encourage anybody to gamble illegally on this radio station. Thank God for that, baby. Oh, so anyway, Monica's the big one. Oh, I love this thing. I would just love the feel and texture of this. I have never had anything this big. I'll confess in my hands. This is mammoth. And this is a aliado. This is a real Cuban cigar by the way. This ain't one of those. This isn't make believe. This is an aliado. Joghenica in months to see guard. Even Kathy Willetson have a hard time dealing with this. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Yes sir. Good morning, honey. I was calling you about a Christian story too. It happened to me in my family the weekend. We just cut off the sovereign disease yesterday. And something weird happened to you. They said the hurricane was going to possibly come into hit us. Let me cut out a nap. So on the ship, the captain makes an answer. But we're pulling out at nine o'clock at night. And we have to go out to see because it's safer. Which means it's safer for them not for us. They can't be in court. So everybody with any short version had a cancel. And then he said we're on a way to court. Okay for a wonderful day. Which we've been waiting for for a few years. We get out to see about two hours later. It was as late as in gentlemen. I got dead in Newtfield. And there was 2642 passengers on the ship. Yeah. The captain says, I'm sorry to tell you. But due to the unsured direction the hurricane finally. We're not going to court. Okay. So everything was canceled. And we ended up circling timidies for the entire day on Sunday. And they going around in circles doing nothing. And everybody is, well, what are you going to do to help the passengers? And it's nothing. It's an active dodge. That's too bad. And that's the way it is. And there were a lot of ivory people on the ship. And we were just connecting the contact. He had exactly. They went to anything to compensate people on a future ship or anything on the cruise. And what's your opinion? I think that's pretty unfair for all. My opinion is don't do it again, pal. I cruise ships. You couldn't give me on one of those if you gave me a thousand dollars to gamble with. One thing about Vegas, you know, even if it's like storming outside. When you're inside the casino, you don't have to worry about it. Don't have to worry about hurricanes, typhoons, natural disasters. That's why I prefer Vegas myself because that's where you have a great time. I know it's far and it's a schleppet set of it's so on. But these people I want to go on these cruise ships. That's what you got. So what's going to happen? And the food blows. I don't care what anybody tells you. The food blows. And you wind up under with a crowd of all these old people with dandruff and diarrhea and gang green. And oh god. It's great. And then of course, you're a captive audience because once you're on there, you can't get off. So to speak. Two open lines and day one at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Wait until you see this, George. Hmm. This is going to be fun. I started. Yeah, but did you look at the wellers? Well, we'll get to one of them on here. You're just going to pee your pants. 1026 at 560 WQA, you know, our friend. We're one glove. Get in for half price. Bring your kids get in free. Splash around the high water pants waiting pool. Look at my whole flip and slide around in the moonwalk moonwalk. Check out the mini noses of Michael Jackson and the elephant man's bones in the freak show museum. The weather never changes inside the hyper-veric enclosed dome chamber. Hey kids, if you get a little tired walking around them, majestic kingdom theme park in casino, Join Michael and his king of pop-sized bed for a sleepover. Don't worry, parents. There could be some big money at it for you and an out-of-course settlement. You know, it's time to visit the majestic kingdom theme park in casino when the big hands on the little hand. Good job. Don't associate it with Michael Jackson. Anyway, shape or more. Okay, 1030 in 560 WQA, let's see. We got Jim Mandates today. How do you like that? Mandates for Hank who's still on vacation to the 6th Kimbo Volcanco for briefly 6 to 730. And then we got the Marlins at the Cardinal. Even though the Marlins have lost 2,000 games in a row, we finally stuck into the meat of the Marlins at the Cardinal's tonight. As Mark McWare goes for number 54. So anyway, World Explosive Secret testimony revealed for the very first time Monica, I thought Bill was going to marry me. Monica, a classy bitch if there ever was one. That's right. Monica Lewinsky has alleged that President Clinton gave her a silver engagement ring during the 18-month relationship star. And if it's in the star, you know it's the emiss. The 25-year-old former intern at the center of the White House sex scandal made the bombshell disclosure to legal advisors as she prepared for her top secret testimony to the grand jury. Monica told her friend, Bill called a defranship ring, but to me it meant that we were secretly engaged. I still have that ring. We were secretly engaged. I was convinced without a doubt that he would divorce Hillary after he left office and Mary Maine. Amazingly, she told her friends that she still hope someday Bill Clinton will be all hers. That's right. This is after she testified, by the way, after she whipped out her dress with a stain and all this other business, she still hopes that someday Bill will be all hers. He knows that I still love him, Monica said, nothing's impossible if he wanted badly enough. The friend who talked with Monica on a regular basis in the days before she testified before the same Washington grand jury as President Clinton reveals that she also claims she set out to seduce Clinton from her first day on the job in the White House. She once had sex with him in the back seat of the presidential limo. Oh my God. When we say it again, one, okay. Clinton complained to her that he was unhappy with Hillary because the first lady did not satisfy his needs. Monica kept the infamous Blue Dress with the presidential seamen on it for evidence as my ace in the hole in case Bill's powerful friends ever tried to destroy me. It was her ace in the what hole. But the friend says that Monica is now shattered by the devastating impact that her testimony about the sexual activities in the White House is at on Clinton. The only man in the story, I'd young woman insist she has ever loved. Got it? Are you following this, please? Take notes. She cries herself to sleep at night, the source, the closer her tell star about the shaken young woman she shaken it. Monica says over and over again, I've prayed and cried for months that I wouldn't have to testify against the man I love and that I could keep the damn dress hidden forever. But I had no choice. My mother told me, sweetie, you can't go to jail for that man. I won't allow it. Now she just praised that the president can somehow forgive her and that someday he'll love her again. The source says that Monica who now divides her time between a luxurious apartment in the famous Watergate complex in Washington, D.C. and her father and step up as cozy at costly home in Brentwood, California, Brentwood. Woo! Hey guess who we can get to get her. So where's the chain Clinton never had intercourse, never ever, she says never never never never ever. In fact Monica said their intimate moments involved on a groping, fun, lint kissing and oral sex. Oh my God. The sex was quick and fast the friend quotes Monica it's telling her, but to me it meant everything because I loved him. Although stars been unable to confirm her story she insisted the friend that she and the president got it, got it on in the back seat of a big black limousine, a big black limousine, writing her out Washington, being guarded by a big black guy named Eisen. I'd always begged him to take me out somewhere she claimed even though I knew we really couldn't go to a restaurant and move you or anything like that. I felt so loved and so important that night. It was the only time she says that they did anything sexually outside the White House. She said that all the other aspects of plays to place in a study are joining the Ovala the sometimes on a sofa. Monica said that she once begged the president to take her up to the family's private living quarters in the White House when Hillary was out of town looked bill refused. Somebody else I guess must have been waiting up there. It wasn't that I wanted to do anything with him up there. She said, but I was curious to see how he lived. Monica told a friend about her bizarre relationship with the president, Bill never discussed marrying me, but he did tell me that he loved me and loved being with me. Oh boy. He said that he thought I was very pretty and intelligence for somewhat of my age. Other sources tell star that many of the women's kids friends think she was living in a fantasy world. Clinton discovered the only way he could keep Monica happy was by letting her believe that someday he'd be all hers at one source. It's not like he promised to the world, but he didn't say little things which Monica read a lot more into them what was actually being said. Boy that's the first isn't it? Oh God. Clinton became her dream man. She had visions of walking on the beach, hand and glat gland in hand with him in Malibu. Some day after the year, 2000 after he divorced Hillary and was working in Hollywood and starting a new life with Monica. Monica became consumed by her infactuation with the president. She wanted his baby. She wanted to be his wife. And by making the implied promises he did, Clinton was playing right in the back. Right into words. Hands. Monica's friend tells star that although she's never met Hillary Rodden Clinton or the Clinton's daughter Chelsea, the ex-intern and Gleefully admits I hated Hillary. That bitch. I turned against her after Bill told me, my wife does not satisfy my needs. She's just not interested in what I am is what he said. That's right. I'll admit that though I was also jealous of her because she is after all married to him. Monica became curried in emotional mode telling why she lied at first about her sexual involvement with continued on page 8. Clinton. I did it to protect that man. I loved and still loved. She said while adding that the president never ordered to be the lie to protect him. But you know you can sense when somebody wants you to do something without coming without an insisting it. Let's just say that I was under very subtle pressure that an IR affair if it ever came up. If it ever popped up. He said that what we were doing isn't really sex Monica said. And when I went and looked up sex in the dictionary because I was a little bit confused. Are you following this? She went and looked it up in the dick scenario because she was a little confused but eventually came to the same decision. Even though deep down I knew what the truth was. She looked it up in the dick scenario. And she said this is really sex is it? No. Monica made no secret of the fact that it was she who pursued the president not the other way around. She admitted that she made the first movement her sexual affair with the president as soon as she began her job as an intern at the wife. In the end, at the White House in November of 1995. I made sure he noticed me when I was in turning Monica brag. I made sure that he could tell by the way I looked at him that I was definitely available to him. I flirted every chance I got. Those reputation was no secret to why I knew he'd pick up on my signals. I'd wear something low cut. Once I flashed him a peek at my thong panties and she ran out he did. He peeked. I knew that if we were alone something was going to happen. And it did. Monica claimed that she had sex with the president. At the very first day she worked in the West Wing near the oral office according to one source. The first guy did day. I wore a very sexy dress by first day and it did the trick the source quotes her as saying. We never said a word to each other until he signal for me to join him in his office. He passed by me three times on that day and the third time gave me a signal to meet him in the office. That's right. I was shocked that we actually fooled around especially since it was my first day on the job. And that part of the White House. But it was a total turn on. It was so sexy the first time. Without a doubt Bill Clinton is one of the kindest men I've ever met. And the absolute truth is that I pursued him. Says Monica. I wanted him and I got him. Monica told her close friends about her anguish about the over providing prosecutors. The blue dress she had saved a present. Fitness seeming on it. Monica said the dress became stained by Clinton after she deliberately aroused him in the study of the overall office. We both were embarrassed when he did that to my dress. Monica recalled. And I was scared to death at one of the secret servicemen standing guard outside would see it. I kept my hand over when I walked out. But my knees were really knocking. Her knees were knocking. She kept her hand over it and the dress was stained too. Oh God, this is good. She said she deliberately kept the unwashed dresser closet ever since then. I was told that if Kenneth Star ever got a hold of my dress, the president would be toast. Well now they had the dress. I'd be trade the only man I've ever loved and still loves. She'd surely admitted. But my mother thought it was a clever move keeping the dress for so long. I knew that Bill Wooden just let me hang out there to dry over our fair. But his friends would have done it in a heartbeat if I didn't have some evidence to fight them. I knew that my mom knew that. Her stunningly beautiful mother, Marshall Lewis 49, is divorced from Monica's dad, Dr. Bernard Lominski, and his number to the rich and powerful Democratic political power broker, Robert Strauss 75. Robert Strauss? Who's the former chairman of the Democratic Party? Oh my God. Oh my God. The friend told Star when Monica told her mother that she had this never-laundered, Blue dress would stings to prove that she and Clinton were sexually involved. She said her mother told her, get that dress to me as fast as you can. I'll make sure nothing happens to it. Mama said. Mama La. Press. Another source says the inter-divolation ship between Clinton and Monica came when she began making demands on him. Monica started falling in love with the president, was pressuring him for real dates and full sexual relations the source explains. She became so fed up with being used as a president's sex doll that one day she gave him an ultimatale. Satisfying me sexually or that's it, Bill promised to her it would get better and more intimate as soon as he figured out the logistics to make it worse. So that was the last time Blueinsky met with a president alone. He decided at that point it was over. Get out of here you bitch. Friends now say though they were a fear for the health of the overweight and overstressed Monica. Twice she was strongly advised to see a shrink and she did go into therapy but right now nothing else that he could earn. We listen to the pression. Meeting. Oh, that's right. She's went into out. She's picking out. She's shoveling it down her post and a food too. Twice she's been to fat farms but the last time she only stayed for a couple of days. She was too distracted this thick with her. Now Monica is getting sensitive about her weight and her image that she even found up a comedy writer she knew in LA and demanded to get word to J. Lennon to stop making such horrible jokes about her. She never wanted any of this to come out this way. It all sounds so sort of and dirty but her it was beautiful. Territ was deep and music mutual love. You can't imagine how devastated she is. It's taken a gigantic tool on her. What are we going to do with a big fat one and Monica's huh? Oh my god. The second little bit better insight is to what kind of a cycle bitch we'd be talking about here. Crazy than a bed bug. Yeah. And mommy says get that dress to me right away. I'll keep a I'll take good care of it for you. I got my bookwriter over here and the guy's going to write the screenplay. Oh yeah, lonely fifty. Twenty-first. Big end dollars right. So there you go. Twenty-first. Eleven and five sixty WQM. Here the cuts for a Saturday. November twenty-nine. Nineteen ninety seven. Ten nine. Yeah, hello. I'm Captain B.J. Boy Bobbi. Welcome to another Saturday morning edition of Tight Lines and Good Fish. We'll ask not Iran to some rough waters in a nature department store with one of the toilet's overflowing. But that didn't determine from this government and on you, you will variety of glory and holes. Now the first one was of a down variety with a rough jagged texture that maybe a small one could get through safely but well I wouldn't advise it. The other one was meticulously centered drilled to three inches in diameter and reinforced with a beveled plastic safety ring. Somebody to real care to let the big ones on through. Where are they biting tonight? Well, I suggest dealers, nor is terms or even Walmart. Well that's all for now. I've got the B.J. Boy Bobbi. Tight Lines and Good Fish. You're looking for glory holes. Okay, 10.45 and 5.60 WQM happy Tuesday. So you've got 400 open lines here, of course. We got one week there. But is it one week? But we can have to labor day to get through that almost two weeks. Oh my God. And then once we get past that, there might be some living and breathing people coming back to town and just maybe life will be a little bit easier, huh? Maybe we can proceed. Two open lines a day to and Howard 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Weston. Hello. Weston. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Okay. Do you guys been watching a show? Yeah. On WAMMing? Yes. Uh, everything's because I got out of school man. I'm 17, um, it shows great. Yeah. Well, sir, for last night, when I had that mung me between my feet. Oh, okay. Well, it's all my comparison with, uh, the Guire. What is it? The comparison, you know, the, uh, we know that the A's now is the Cardinals. Yeah. And what, what does he call that? What does he take in the vitamin, what the, the baby's raised vitamin C? Yeah, he's taking a lot of vitamin C, like Monica was doing. We have an open line and date one in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 to the wireless line. Here's, uh, let's do highly up for it to a 25 question mark. So we know who it is. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Hey, man. How about the margarines out there sitting out there? Now one goes away and Jonathan's already bumping up eight more of them. Uh-huh. They're bumping it. Yeah, bumping everything over there. Hey, Neil, the match is a question. Uh-huh. Can I treat me if you want to see it right? You did? Yeah. I guess it did. Oh, it did not. I hate it right now. Are they running repeat? No, they're running a new original crap every night. Hey, how can I get a copy of you? Oh, you know. You mean, yes, you. Why would you say that it went off the air when they got a, uh, crap? Yeah, why would you do that? Because we called them yesterday and it said it were off the air. You called who? Anthony Marino. Was it one thing that was off the air? Uh-huh. Okay. Whatever you say. Another jacket. Another one here. People. I'm telling you. Two open lines in date one in Broward. You know, he's a boy friend or is it somebody works over there, huh? Somebody works there? He's the host. A host. A host. The host? I thought that's what he's supposed to put in your mouth at, uh, uh, a communion. Is that what you put in your mouth the host? And that what fuel says? The host. Okay. Let's go to a candle. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm home with a broken foot, but I'm taking time out to help you with your mail problem. Uh, I don't have a mail problem. My head is mail mail. Oh, I see. I'm a proud member for 23 years of the best mail system in the world of the United States, possible. The world's worst, yeah. The world's worst. Let me tell you. Let me tell you. The prouds of Siberia, they have better delivery and better service than we got here. No way. No way. Yeah. You're in T. Okay. Now, wait. Listen. Local mail. We got 90%. Over 90%. The live is an extension. Now, the problem is this. If you have mail going from the United States, that's a two or three days. When you don't have to do a changing my address, okay? I'm more talking about 18 days today, and a lot of mail I've gotten. You could stick in your rectum and have a little room left over for Monica. That is not acceptable. Let me in there. Very good. It is not acceptable. I agree with you. I concur wholeheartedly. Let me explain to you what happens. When your mail comes, it comes first to the mail, the main processing facility. Yeah. Yeah. Right. From there, it goes to your old station. Now, your old, my very old D. Your old carrier. It's a standard fact to the main processing center. So that they come put the yellow label on it. You know, the computer. From there, it goes to the new station where you live now. Yeah. So if you have a problem with taking that loan, it has to originate when your old station with your old carrier who may not be standing there. What do you mean with my old carrier? I've got 15. I used to have like one guy Rick, who's a good guy. He used to live for my mail for a long time. I've got a different route. Now, whatever in the neighborhood, but not my street, then I have very nice blind lady who delivered it for a long time. I knew her, she knew me. And now there's a different mail carry, a letter carry on at street. Every three days, there's somebody different on there. So you got a call? The person that I gave the cards to, I never even saw this guy again. I never saw before. We'll never see him again. Okay. What you got to do, Neil? You got to talk to the manager of your old station. Yeah. Why were you called there yesterday? And after getting 72 different punching one and two and punching somebody in the post, got to run around. All right. Well, the problem is got to be there to see if there is a problem. There is a problem. But it's not going to the problem. He said it's really, really slow in the beginning. Okay. Well, what kind of an answer is that? It's not the deal. Well, at the beginning, because in other words, they have to put the no, the outer is on the computer. Okay. And. But once it's in there, if I'm in other words, if I'm already getting mail sent to that address, that means it's in the computer, right? So once it's done, what's the excuse for all the rest of it that's sitting piling up somewhere that it's taken so long for the pony to get across down. The main problem is got to be with your old station. If they're not sending the mail right away, the main process is sent. Okay. Well, why would they be doing that? What are they doing? Holding onto it for a rainy day? Well, I would like to pay my bills for any of that. It is supposed to be sent to the family. Okay. They're supposed to send it out to the family. Let me see it again. I went to that box on Saturday. Nothing. Zipri, dude, empty. Like mother Hubbard's covered. I went there yesterday. I swept over to yesterday after work. Again, empty. Zipri, dude. I asked the guy to work there. I said, is the mail up from today? Everything's up. My box empty one more time. Okay. The main possible. So I get more mail in one day on a normal day than all of the people listening to the show put together. Oh, no, I can't. You're not going to get the box mail. You know what? I'm talking first. Plast mail. I'm talking pills. I'm talking about real mail. The check from Ed McMan. Whatever it is. I'm waiting for real honest to God mail. Where is it? Okay. Well, my advice to you, Neil. Number one. Any good? Any really important mail like checks that you're expecting. Call those people on that and give them your noise. I was expecting checks from David from Awamie. He's, uh, who knows where the hell he is with my check. Okay. What? Give the check. Then David had the check. No, I think Fred Joe had the check and he cashed him. They are either all up. Well, then he ate the check. Anything important called this people. Well, Tom, he actually didn't want them to eat it. Okay. But the other mail is going to take longer than usual because that's like two or three. Steps you've got in getting your mail. Well, one other mail, what other mail you'd be talking about? Well, any, you know what I'm saying is that if you have a really important mail, you're expecting. Okay. How about like bills, your electric bill, your phone bill, your credit card bills. Like mail that ordinary regular honest to God people get every day. That's important mail. Yes. You know, I like to pay my bills like sometimes this year, you know? Well, it should take at most like three or four more days from normal. That's at most what it should take, not 18 days. Yeah. So, you know, if you... Well, today's a day number 18 and counting. Okay. Well, if I go over there this afternoon after lunch at Mommy's house, there's no mail in my box. I'm going to pop a gut. Okay. I need a pop a bone and pop a gut. Listen, I'm not a, you lick it and we stick it in the pot. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Have a great day, pal. I feel better. Oh, my gut. That's exactly how we start Tom Hopkins was, Kenny, what he said. Lick it and stick it. That's the motto with US Postal Service, baby. And it's stick it right inside your... It's inside your... Reck-o-me-tee. It's hard to do that with a cigar in your post. And your hand, too. Dave County lines are open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Service in America, baby. It's an oxymoron. You can't complain about the service this country because there isn't any. I said that on Dan Rather, how many years ago about 100 years ago when I did that stupid interview? And it's the same today only worse and gets worse by the minute. And you people are working for the post office. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. They delivered a mail in my neighborhood now 6, 15, 6, 30, at night midnight to a clock in a morning. Whenever they get around with. You think Monica, you think the president's getting a lot of action? God only knows what they're doing. I know it's God damn routes or routes. They're tapping the route. Is what they're doing. Here's a mobile and little Havana. Hello. Yeah, that's going on, buddy. Yes, sir. What the hell was that guy talking about the post office? He said they suck and I said he was right. They are the worst stuff to do with it. I'm not sticking it. I bought a house about two years ago and the gentleman I bought it from. He's still getting mail delivered to my house. The guy's got to come by once a week. He's been to all the post office called the postmaster general. He's called everybody's called Bill Clinton and he's 10th in mail sent to my house. How do you like that? That's ridiculous. And there's still on the way to the price of stands. Right now, then, now that's going to be 34 cents in a few months. They're going to keep raising it again and again and again. And the service keeps getting worse. How can it take 18 days like I said before. If the mail was over there and sunrise in my old post office out there and I had this road, I could walk. I could walk it from there to where my new box is over there. And back to my house in less than 18 days. I think it was pretty thick. Anyway, the love you show. Love your program on TV and George Paul, your douche bag. Okay. Okay, two open lines in date, two in Broward. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 1055 at 560, QM, we got Mark McGuardner Cardinals in St. Louis. The Marlins will be there. Night then, of course, they're going to be here next week. And that place will be rocking in jammen. And the chances there being anybody in that stadium if you weren't for Mark McGuardner to see the pathetic Marlins and the cart, what's left of them. And the Cardinals next week who are also having a bad year, there would be nobody there next week. You could have your own section, except for Mark McGuardner. So let me say it again. I take great omber. I take great exception. When any of these self-proclaimed experts get on a year, most of whom don't have any idea what they're talking about. And pop pop pop pop pop pop. Let's start to try to pee on everybody's parade. It's 11 o'clock in 560WQM. We made it all the way to 11 o'clock in the market of 96.0. I think I'm for that. But don't count it to too fast. Okay. Yesterday, it got out to a big start. Kind of disappointing. You know, it looks really, really grim. And they got all these experts on there, but I beat by the boat, but above, they all had a big front on their face. And not a single one of them got any idea what they're talking about. We have two open lines in date, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Here's zero field beach, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing man? Great. Listen, I haven't been able to catch your show on TV because I got the damn DSF. And I'm too lazy to put up an antenna, you know? Yeah. But what about that time last night on A&E, they had their investigative reports you ever watched that show? Sure. All the time. I love they had a big flop piece on it. I don't like Bill Curtis, but I love the shark. I can't stand him. Yeah. They did a big flop piece on Hillary last night. Yeah. And it was so overriding. I already saw that. When? But I think that must be a repeat. They must have been a repeat person. Because they showed her did you do they show the shots when she was young? Do you understand why Chelsea has her hair the way? That's how Hillary looked when she was young. She looked just like Chelsea. I looked at that and I said, oh my God, Jesus, God. One of the ugly families out there. Yeah. Next to the Carter's. Yeah, and it was just a fight sucking flop piece. It was so overriding or mad. It was making me sick. Well, she didn't do what the president wanted to do. That's the deal. That's what Monica says. He wouldn't do what the president wanted. He wasn't into it. You read that out of the star. Is that we're coming for a course? We're going to have a lot of real news. Of course. You know, it's a truth. The other thing I heard you talking a few weeks back, but I couldn't get through is she. And my wife does not satisfy my need. She's not interested in what I am. He told Monica. Basically, I don't know. I talked with you people. I could sit right in. I don't know if you could sit right in. I don't know if you could sit right in. But you come across these people. They try and say, well, you know, you hear the president. You have to have ethics. I said give me a break, man. What is ethics happening to what does that? That's acceptable to be in the president. What is being a politics? And what are right wingers know about ethics anyway? Exactly. And it's like every president ever. It's just a damn media. What the hell does this have to do with him running the country? His sexual exploits. In fact, I was yesterday when I left here because we had the ball game on, which I wouldn't listen to underpettily. I punched over to a lot of our slimble, which I never listened to that cow. Spuying his right wing on a horsecraft. And he was carrying on about how Clinton was trying to compare himself. You know, his commander achieved to FDR and Eisenhower. And so that, and about what great, you know, they didn't care about their image. And they did this. And I'm thinking of myself. Yeah, they also screwed around. They both had mistresses just like Clinton. Okay. So what's the difference? Even when you tell? Even Nixon reportedly had mistresses. Trying these mistresses, yes. It's thickening. The other thing I wanted to tell you was, I don't know who coined that phrase, the dumbing of America. Was it you? Yeah. I drive around here all day. It's off Florida. And you say something to somebody. You're courteous. Good morning. And they look at you. They give you a dumb stuff. Yeah. That's right. And hostile. The word is, this is a hostile place. Right. Not as friendly as meeting the Caves Cobra. The other thing too is I'm driving up to work. And I notice all the time that, like, the sprint that there's a movie theater up here. And Hillsborough Boulevard. Yeah. Now, there's a movie called The Negotiator. Have you heard of that movie? No. Yeah. And there's my favorite those most artists. Yeah. The lighter's there. The Floridian. Done. There you go. This state makes me nauseous. It's really disheartening and sickening. People are really stupid. They're sorely. Right. A lot of foreigners here. Right. And the whole country. And Thai social. About the province of Barb Barric. Yeah. Subhuman. And have a great day. Thank you. Okay. Just summed up everything that I've been saying for the last one. But hey, we'll get to a pal and spite of them and spite of these assholes. We have two open lines and day two and brawards. See what I'm saying. They're anti-social. They're anti-socialized. They're all alone in the goddamn room. I don't have no, I don't have any lesbians. I don't have any strippers. I don't have any freaks. I don't have any goddamn dancers. I'm just sitting here in the goddamn room. Lookin' to sit here in the, excuse me, it's a verbal intercourse. And on this guy that called this morning, it makes you want to thrope your hands to just say, what's the use? This wasn't a little kid that called the worst team toward the end of their show. This morning, asking his Roger Maris. Roger Maris still alive. On a sports show, a guy that supposedly a sports fan is Roger Maris still alive. Is Babe Ruth still alive? How's he doing? How about Luke Garig? Is he doing pretty good? Is he still a lucky guy damn man on the face of the earth? How's Ty Cobb doing? How's Abe Lincoln today? Ever get over that headache? Is Roger Maris still alive? So these people are reading newspapers. They watch anything besides the guy. They read anything but the funny people. They watch anything besides Jerry Springrunner. Goddamn TV said. See, that's what kills me about these women that we have such a hard time getting to a women with their show. All the way to two-share and women is last book, which considering for this station, you know what they had in women, a rest of it like, like, my new fractions. Because women don't listen to a sports station. So we did a two-share, which is quite a, but we always do a two-share even on the other guy to am station. Oh, my wife hates you, my girlfriend hates you. What is that? They're all busy watching goddamn Jerry Springrunner. There's a good intellectual show for it. There you go. There's something in the air. There's something in the water here, man. I still haven't figured, here I am. 600 years later. And I still haven't figured out what that is. Well, let's take this one with 600 questions, Marks and Medley. Hello. Hello, Neil. I'm sorry that I'm angry because we're at work. They had to pick up the radio where I listened to your show from 10 to 2 because customers are coming in and complaining. Oh, shit, no, no. They can't do that. I spend a hundred dollars to get nice. But they're even supposed to be here in the water. They're not nice. $100 to get a nice one. Yeah. Just to put it in the room. And I work at cheating tires at a birthday or a birthday. And they're coming in there. They're not even supposed to be in there. And they want to make sure all you do the tire. But I want some correctly. And they're going to kick their ass out of there. Tom, get that out of the door. I do it. And they're not in the tire police. They went to the manager and now they got the rentals to get up. Now I can now your show is there. And the damn shop. Well, I'll quit the job and go work in a real place. So can you get off that bird? We have two open lines and date one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. What do you mean? You don't believe them? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Okay. Listen, I work for the post office off of the office. I apologize then that you have such a crappy place you work for. Well, listen. You're just allowed to form 1125. Sir, I filled out the form. Whatever the hell the form is, I received back both in my old address in my house. And also in my new box. All those nice forms that we receive this. And Yadiyada, Yadaya, got all its all kosher of illegal. And the mail has started coming. So there's no problem with form is filling out sir. The problem is with the snail. The snail like pace of the service for the postal service. A lot of times you pull the real item. How much work we have. A lot of times we we. Sir, let me say it to you again. When the mail comes in on Monday, I could walk it over from the Myold Post Office on hate us road to my new box where I got it. I could walk it over there unless the 18 days. Sir. You're not happy with the service. Would you be? Would you like to wait 18 days for your mail to be transferred? It's not like I moved to Missoula, Montana or somewhere. But that's not unreasonable nowadays. 18 days? No serious. That's not unreasonable amount. Let me say it again. Let me wait wait, wait wait, wait. Not just a minute sir. Today is 18 days. But that doesn't mean today, all of a sudden all the mail from the seventh of August is going to show up. You follow what I'm saying. So got on our honey. Are the way we work? Block. Where's the we have up to 25 days? Up to 25 days for what? for what to get it there from that's almost a month but that's the way we work we have up to twenty five hundred thirty to the right the mail to my dogs ass i would a rubber band i could strap a package around my dogs ass with all that mail in there and he could walk from my the old high this road over where i new places in plantation and in uh... a few hours but they give us up to twenty five twenty five five five five are you that slow and dottering you can't get the job done what do you guys do it over there on your staff so on how it why because only pan thirty two cents for a letter that we used to pay three cents for the company under staff you don't get that's not a priority once the mail goes on the hot-up party what is your priority getting laid in the back room there what is your priority over there to post off you seem hostile and you don't see hostile i am hostile i'm not a priority that we have twenty five days if we can do it let me ask you if that's not a priority getting people there will it would in what is a priority sir answer my question what's your priority no our priority to get the mail to you the once it goes from a different address we have up to twenty five days depending on how much we'll let me tell you sir that blows that sucks that's not really together within two or three days but sometimes it does go at fifteen sixteen eighteen days yeah we don't we don't like that but sometimes that happens why is that we uh i mean we did get a lot of complaints people electric bills and things i can understand yeah okay and but that's the best we can do sometime why is that the best you can do are you playing well in the back room well our biggest problem is they got to include you got money and a back there and everybody's lined up taking time i mean what's the story now no no we we know if they are the price of the stamp the forty five cents we can probably get it to you forty five cents you can get it to me within how much two and three days oh two or three days if they raise it to forty five cents how about if i gave you a dollar how about that could you get it to me in five minutes you guys stock it off my show get out of here oh my god bet that bet bet bet betbo yeah if you pay this forty five cents a little i'll give you forty five wouldn't give you forty five dollars okay that was that was one of the great calls in history i see my little bit hostile that's not one of our poor well this our priority it's not a priority i want my god damn it you jackass now stories they'll give you stories they give you looks at it but it will put them up and they got a tent and still do not soft you you guys suck okay like i said guys my neighborhood delivering a male six thirty at night what is that guy doing all day long do he be lost what kind of it's after eleven and five here's my name hello my name yeah yeah i'm sorry about the uh Monica Lewinsky story you're editing yeah and she's obviously one of the typical cycles that why would you be saving their dress with all those things on everything for a search along time to bring it up in space later right kind of kind of a kind of a cycle stick in this space he stuck in her face that's right that's right when is the mainstream media what is the mass media i mean forget about star tabloid magazine what are they going to start telling more about her what kind of a character she is and uh what are what a piece of crap she is what are we talking about that the only thing we hear about her from the mainstream media is about how we're supposed to feel so sorry for her and her life is tattered and shred and she's trying to put her piece back together again but your horsecraft open line is eight to one Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Carl Springs hello hello can hear you you're a person on the way yes sir okay okay uh just want to talk about the guy who called you the uh post the worker yeah you want to call me just moment to go right exactly the total twenty five hundred days of what am I complaining about that's the best they can do right if I give twenty five dollars a letter he might be able to do a factor within two or three days hey back it's there uh you just it's just touched the nerve from a FedEx driver and we listen to you religiously out here I love FedEx by the way airborne express sucks but I love FedEx okay and I've been working with the company thirteen years and we do a good job because we care about our customer right and I mean like this guy first he says well that's not our number one priority what is their number one priority squeeze this much money out of us as they can that's the one the my post I have a good relationship out here with my uh person who's the mother of the male to my house yeah they're here every day at the same time no problem all I mean but that's the thing it's like sort of like the 50 excuses he was trying to give you it boils down to like if the station that's close to you it got a bad manager and they have everything all screwed up then you get to get screwed up service well I got this for this station got a real bad manager oh you're thinking too you're stationed too yeah but uh that's the way I look at it you know if they don't have their stuff together and uh that you're gonna be I call up this bitch yesterday and she's giving me a song of dance about what you know I should consider myself lucky that I got any mail within the first ten to fourteen days like I should go have a party and celebrate because I got a few little drips and crabs and mail in less than 200 days or something well you know you know that was an answer I couldn't believe it they have an excuse for everything now so it's like today I got to envelope on my truck that's got a bad address on it what I did was I called the dispatcher they called the recipient to correct the address and I'm gonna deliver it later on today unbelievable so they can't they just don't get it new well Ghana we all love you out here God bless federal express they care to have a great day yeah FedEx is great unfortunately certain companies uh switched over to airborne express which blows by the way the big one yeah I had some of my plane tickets sent to me airborne express uh few weeks ago they lost the package so the company had a reissue the tickets and sent them FedEx which they were there the next day with FedEx but airborne express bites they must be related to the people working the post office yeah this is America today now this is the new deal uh you expect service for most of you crazy this is the best we can do we're kind of slow over here we're disorganizing we're understand I don't want to hear some stories I'd like to get my mail sometime before they stick my fat pimples ass in the ground okay you jack ass that was a class that was a great call that that was the definitive call about the attitude about most people in America today about service what are you expecting at some time like soon no I figured like after I'm starting and you know the best part of it is like for example if you get an electric bill and you don't pay it or you like lose it and then how they send you that kind of white envelope and you know what you're saying when you get that one past do they're about ready to give you five days they're going to shut off your electric well guess what if they do send you that when it's still going to be the old address and you're still not going to get it for another 500 days so thank you so much U.S. Postal Service man you guys blow and I'm lucky enough I haven't had either well be in an area today in a particular post office where they haven't they can't figure out where their goddamn answers they got both hands on each other's ass but not on the goddamn U.S. mail the only mail I got it spelled ma l e I think that's what they're doing over there damn faggot's we're going a mobile in Miami hello I'm going to yes sir more complaints regarding the postal service it's almost you're chronic it out of here do we have anybody alive in days who isn't one of those 10 Julios or isn't one of these chronic come on you must be somebody in day counting your kids are back in school now let's get with it are they're not back in school no what are they going back not soon enough no one I don't know in day I thought they were back I thought next week in Brower that thought they'd counting this week not not back oh you're right because the school thing was not this morning oh my god and I'm sitting here counting the minutes we got another good couple of weeks before we have any opportunity for like a show so again I take back my apology for the crappy show we had on Miami last night what do you expect first I got a single heart team thought that what do you want and then they keep showing me with these stupid phone calls stop putting the guy damn stupid phone calls on here what are you idiots that damn robigan no wonder you won't show us face near and these these people here this crew they think I don't like rob I love rob I would like to you know well I'd like to rob rob there you go very good nice going fetch you see he's lost a little ways actually got my line got a lot of that Joe said you don't got no line tight lines and good fishing for you so anyway here's a mobile there field be chill out yes speaking about the postal workers there's a postal worker stop vention going out the Brower County Convention Center this is what they're all doing they're all to convention they can't that's not a priority to worry about our mail they're busy a dittling each other to convention there's a vacation they can't live your mail it's why there's that is while sure hope they're having a good time oh they're having a blast great well this and I work at a restaurant a four star restaurant right across the street from the convention center last week last night they've 18 of a minute appointment or a main reservation to come in for dinner but we have big parties we say hey can we put 18% on the check for the tip they said no they denied so they can they get seven free miles of wine a hundred and twenty dollars of the free wine you know they ask me do we have to tip on that wine and then they say oh do we have to pay the tax on the wine too do you know the people that are serving as meal nice it's scary thanks for the good news thank you there you go that's the answers are question right there they're all busy at their convention they're all sitting around dittling each other life and up there sleep about how they get everybody's mail that'll ever went over to hell they feel like it we have two open lines are both a course in date county which is dinner in a door nail eye of apologised because I didn't realize I thought the kids in date were back to school and everybody was back to kind of like a normal life if there was such a thing in date county I apologize profusely we don't expect you to call but if you wanted to buy what school Monday five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line what that's not too bad because now I got David probably my check from whammy to when it's like from last week that I got early and then I got late etc it's got 200 even like how job holds don't have as many folds and who is that one does but nevertheless so I got paid from this joint yesterday I got that check today so let's see I'll be out sick tomorrow there's the infra day so by the time I come back next Monday should be no problem kids will be back in school and maybe we can do a show here there's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami yes sir I don't buddy okay my kids are back at school they are in date yeah Calvary school on cancel the Cadillac school that's a different set of horse of different feather let me ask you something do you know anything about these pharmaceuticals I had a doctor's office appointment this morning at eight o'clock yeah I didn't get to see the guy to he let three of these drug rips go buy in front of me hey I got news for his priorities getting all those good free trips and freebies that those detailed men are given them yeah but when I added them free I didn't get anything right so what's up with these guys do they know anything about what they're doing who the doctors the detail man the detail man yeah they know what they're doing they know that they're schmoozing and schmoozing the doctors that they're helping to poison America and they're there having a good time with it right little joy that's right and don't call please okay we have an open line in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line hey let me ask you do you think Roger Maris is still alive I think he's still alive let's find out is there anybody in this audience knows what uniform number Roger Maris wore with the Yankees okay let's find out how long it takes before somebody calls in tells me what number Roger Maris wore I don't understand no matter what the subject is the people here I've do like what are you talking about it's like hockey I thought for sure when we got a hockey team we got these people from the northeast and we got all these people from the Midwest and we got a whole bunch of connox I thought this is no problem at all not only will we have a team and have a lot of fun it's at a were so on and supported but you'll be able to have like some intelligent conversation about it any chance of that oh forget it what is it that these people are into beside drugs besides smuggling any illegal alien besides the drive in little old beat up brown toy odis what is it good cigars there you go let's talk about next what a second oh how Keep silent, let's the crowd begin to cheer And if we play by play on the radio Play by play on the radio Play by play on the radio Play by play on the radio That's fine, what's wrong? It might be, it's not clean Hey, fair, right, see what's happening It's not a good idea, it's not a good idea And it's not a good idea It's not just wings and there's a long drive It's not a right deal, a long way back back back back It's a good idea, it's a good idea All the moves are all right I'm mad at the mic, they're making a call out Oh, what a catch This is a long, long drive Turn it up loud, it's a good idea She's become an infant And it's play by play on the radio Play by play on the radio Play by play Yes, we did today Play by play I saw you on the radio Play by play I saw you on the radio There you go, it's going It's not cool Hey, you're never mind, why do you wear a saki? Who keeps it locked there in a new reform My name is who was Roger Meris number nine Like the day that Malay Island died I come out of here the next day Cool? What? Like Ralph Kiner when I was talking about him last week Ralph Kiner was like, well, well, he was exactly What? He's telling the These people must all be related to that Lenny kid that's doing those attacks on his spot Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah This is supposed to be a radio station If you think that in a radio station or a TV station You'd have people if you're going to be put them on the ear Who can speak? Who can articulate? Who can be understood? No wonder we're getting 75 bucks to pop on a Marlon games We've probably got the retards doing the spots in a Marlon games To know doubt Who do you think? Didn't you think? No, I don't feel like Ralph Kiner Maybe he also has the ticker bells policy over there at Lenny kid We got a bunch of kids at you, but you can't speak Yeah, I mean, yeah Yeah, right on Roger Meris he was number nine What kind of a play, you know, if our program They'd hire a program director who wasn't so busy Diddling himself all the time at the put people on a Of course the problem is you don't want to pay anybody That's another problem too So we get a bunch of five-year-old kids in here who can't speak Welcome to all sports reunion And you take a side drink, okay? I work weird cheap Oh my god We have an open line of day two and a row or five six seven Oh five sixty, five five sixty on a mobile one line Homestead, hello Good morning Yes sir Oh yeah, great I'm totally impressed that you mentioned the airborne express They sucked About a thousand years ago when they first started Yeah, they were great because it was a bunch of the Exervicemen that started the company up And they were the best And then a million, well they sold a computer Some crap down on a smile took it over And they became the worst The business I was in We got to the point where we had to specify ship It's not to go airborne, they'd be refused To them days to get the product cool Yeah Okay, I'm going to tell you the worst part of it is Big companies like American Express Which I do all my business with their travel service They used to use FedEx never ever had a problem I know they've switched over to airborne Express For whatever reason I don't know And had so many problems and every time I call American Express They said, oh you have to ask you How many complaints we're getting and we're psychotic And we don't know what to do And like I said last time I had them I was taking airborne Express Lost my plane tickets and they had a reissue No ones and said them FedEx and I got them the very next day I brought the work on the cheap that's where but it's a big up to service But FedEx is unbelievable FedEx is absolutely the best Second thing Ken Star and his little game he's playing here This came up to me yesterday I was listening to the show And he were reading that news release Or whatever the hell it was about Monica and Bill And he was going on What's up with his leaks This is like not legal Of course it's not Here we've seen everything that was said Obviously there was this discussion you know this is part of her testimony That she was going in all his graphic crap And no matter what it is that said in front of a grand jury It leaks out again including when she testified last Thursday again It was leaking out that morning what she was going to say That's like against the law Yeah well so if he was kind of star with the law He'd be the law He'd keep the good job going Okay I'm a great driver Okay Okay two lines I guess we're going to be doing a lot of music of this week Okay see I was I was in a state of euphoria which is definitely not Florida I think in man we got to lift we're almost to that magic day That's the demarcation point Labor Day When filing of course George is going to be doing a show on that thing he locks out You'll be flooded with call Oh yeah that's right you will you'll be flooded with calls Even though it's a Monday that's a holiday everybody's going to be out there They're doing their thing they're going to be grilling it And there we need to Two open lines and date two and a Howard any interest today any interest at all today 567 0560 pump 560 on the mobile one line Any women out there going to speak to us today We had that one very nice 200 year old lady to start the show this morning in Hellendale And she turned out to be sensational Compared to you other women out there who've got locked jaw Maybe too many monocos out there huh? Maybe that's the problem they got locked jaw Good got all mighty as managed would say By the way don't forget managed will be here from two to six this afternoon And God only knows what he's going to be saying Because you know the way it works in this business if you're an ex-juck Not only do you get all the jobs now if you're an ex-juck But you can go on here and say whatever and you want if you're just like a real broadcast There are all over we're listening on every word we're hanging waiting for you to make the big slip up But if you're an ex-juck Oh yeah we're burning All right, we you know we used to talk about pussy we talk about stock now you know You just get old artsy fartsy and it's no fun anymore It's true. We used to talk about good bodies and big You know the fun stuff and you'll be here a lot more that two to six today right you betcha 23 No, no I just mentioned that since you asked who might be getting the trade See if you're related if you're part of a big mishapaka here then you get all kinds of incestuous good stuff But if you run the outside of that then you have to scream and jump up and down and you still don't get it How's that bonus George ever get his bonus yet for the winner bro for the spring boat? No for the good book No, you know what the good book says Okay, we look we had them all filled up there for just a few seconds and they mostly went away because they had nothing to say anyway Here's a mobile in the grove hello Well, I'm in Miami now I'm everyone express I've had a lot of problems with them. They even lost my cellular phone. Did they really how did they get your cellular phone? How did they get that? I was having a ship from I had a problem with the phone and they were shipping it for a new phone because my old phone died And you had your cell phone shipped by airborne express Oh my God Huh? The cellular company did Yeah But yeah, I've had no problems with FedEx What's the wall? FedEx is like God FedEx is great. There's the penable is the weather in anchory Do you know exactly what it's going to be? And UPS is pretty good. Once in all I have a minor problem, but they take care of it immediately Yeah But the post of us you'll get this one of the post of us the post office is about four blocks from me And they could not get the mail right I was getting everyone else's mail in my apartment complex And they were screwing my mail up everyone else was getting my mail So about 10 o'clock at night, I had someone come over and bang on my door and say is this year mail And then when I went to go set up a post office box which was approximately maybe 10, 12 blocks away It took three and a half weeks to get a mail less than 15 blocks Three and a half weeks to get mail 15 blocks I want to tell you something sir if it takes them three and a half weeks for them to get me the rest of my mail Which is 95% which I haven't received yet I'm going to go over there to you sunrise post office and lay down Stark naked the middle of the guy The influence they're making grudling noises I'm going to go over there and do a big effect I'm going to take my both dogs over there We're all three of us going to write on the floor in the middle of that post office We'll take a fact you're with his camera over there And the problem that I had was I started my copies about they were getting my copies of the advocate Oh my good I'm getting the fake stuff has never been properly getting off on a tune around And at the time I would notice that the pages were doggy So you know the mail, you know what they say about some of those milk areas Most of those milk areas except my friend Rick in fact he's the only straight my postal guy that I know He's probably the only straight postal guy Mayor would bring out a ball I guess it's in my order now. They got to have a photo. Okay, I'll go to a butcher Okay two open lines in day two and a row or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Who is the hell is Roger Maris anyway? That's what these people want to know old number nine They don't want to know what do you mean? What does that mean? This is supposed to be a sports station And when guilty gets on they're shooting a see there's nothing worse than having little punks on here Talk it about the stuff that they maybe maybe write about in a book or maybe somebody told them Grandpa told them about it sitting among their knee when they were like three years old about two years ago Because they know what they're talking about and here's and then and it's one thing Not to know what you're talking about but when you're allowed and shrill like guilty I don't know what you're talking about it just like rubbing salt in your womb is what it's like And you know and of course the audience of this station they're like on an equal par you know like that guy I was used to alive guys older than Matuzlo older than I am which is really old and this guy's calling into see his Roger Maris still alive Read a goddamn newspaper once in your life sir pick up a book Here's a mobile in Miami hello Yeah, are you done here? Okay sir. I call you from Miami We want to make two questions one question was the thing about the poster icing our questions statement I had the same problems you and it took me around five to six weeks before I actually started getting all my mail five to six weeks I just six weeks get a lot of my bills laid I had to call up the company and tell haters It's what I'm that you know of course they don't care about that because we want to it's what they're money right I don't so and there's nothing you can do about even fighting and then you're brain to get your mail and then get it Isn't that great isn't that the American way and we've been much too much you're gonna talk about this run on the post in the future I also follow we're just deep six all your mail, which is he more Yeah, okay, okay, can you play back fight for a couple of guys to see me? I work on them. I appreciate it. I'll get out the kill. It's have a great day sir Good luck to us Yeah, not that the over there to summarize post office probably got some wise answers up there. Oh, yeah Well, we're really gonna fix him. Well, you know sticking the goddamn dumpster somewhere. Thank you so much for your great service And have it I stay too by the way over there on the hideous road Right off of whatever of Oakland We have two open lines in date five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Tamarack hello Hey, how you doing now, okay sir. I just want to ask you I was I heard that you know you don't have any interest in the dolphins anymore That's true. That is correct. What about the greatest quarterback in NFL history Who's that? And Marina. He's not the greatest quarterback in NFL history. Oh, I haven't closed Just because you didn't want to superboard. No, because he's not the greatest quarterback in it. If I don't have any interest in the dolphins Why would I want to discuss Dan Marino with you whether he's the greatest or the not? Well, you know, because he played for the dolphins So who cares if I'd let me say it again if I don't care about the dolphins. Why do I care about Dan Marino who listen to the show by the way. Why do I care? You don't care about Dan Marino. What what more didn't you understand? What more don't you understand? Who have to spell it out for you? You coming with your not spell it for years in GOD BYE We have two open lines in date one and broad five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line And I especially don't care about exhibition football games for exhibition baseball games for exhibition hockey game for exhibition any games Because they're boring and they mean nothing and because it's the dog days at the summertime and the people on the station have to fill up the other 20 hours a day And you both those out there don't know anything else except to talk about football And it Tim Bowen's good to go deal and did this one do that and how come there's still room to same old stuff there exhibition games They don't mean a goddamn thing they mean nothing absolutely nothing Wait until the first regular season games starting then maybe I might have some interest there have something to say about it But for exhibition games the listeners people are wasting our after hour talking crap because that's what it is There would be like my comment on here talking about how the panthers look in their first exhibition games. It would be a bunch of crap. That's right And based on what I'm seeing the regular season games are probably going to be a bunch of crap, but at least a nice nowhere in anyway God Get a life get a goddamn hobby Get up please okay get in the advisor get a spiritual counselor call up trouble breathing and get your palm bread or something do something to kill some time Is damn arena the great and that's just a Danny marino this and Danny marino that and Jimmy Johnson to this and don't you know the okay great go he low with all three of them, okay? Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Yes sir, I'm speaking that I'm going I'm just now driving by your your winter home right now my winter home Yeah, the arena yeah, yeah, that's my younger home Well, you know you're there almost every night or in the hockey season. Oh, I'm going to be here tonight I'm not even going to be there opening night. I'm going to be out of town. I'll be there when I'm in town Okay, well, then we're gonna get that posted nice and the fact that they buy me my tickets is right at center races even I was too, but I'm not going to change my life because I got a hockey team a crappy hockey team going to be playing right up the street there It's very nice and it's going to be a beautiful place, but it's still a Wayne thing don't you understand sir? Yes, sir, I do it and so far we haven't seen one bit of evidence that anything positive is going to happen that we're going to have any changes Hey, you know, I used to work the airport years ago and I go off load containers for Emery and Oh, airborne express yeah, and I would take the containers off the airplane and I would deliver them into the warehouse there where they would sort the packages All right, and I would see them take IBM computers and hey, Julie, this is yours and they would play it right across the whole dock You know, I mean just rolling over action imagine what it looked like when it got to the customer Uh-huh, and how did it look like a beat up crappy old IBM computer that was once brand new and very nice? Yeah, I know it was unbelievable the way they would do things over there man. They would just take boxes and just play them from one of the warehouse or the other They had no like conveyor system at that time or whatever it would be hilarious Well, it's like watching if you ever watch the guys when they load the luggage on a plane when you're sitting there and you're watching I look it out the window and they're looking at a little less than a luggage on a plane Hey, and I peered it around and tossing it and twisting it and yank it and the luggage to and of course it's you a bag Well, no, I'm not my no-hester. I'm I bag. I don't check luggage on planes ever ever ever ever ever ever I have a very I'm that's right. I had a very long way to go. Okay, I have a great day. Good morning. I carry on a lot. That's right And if you people you know, I get a big kick out of these people to get on planes in fact they make me nauseous and they're taking all their life of the lungs The whole house they cleaned up there. Oh, we're going away for you know a whole weekend three day weekend Yeah, so what are you taking 50,000 pounds of crap for you? Uh, they got frozen arrows and guns and slingshots and baseball bats and canoes and they're all of course it's all carry on Of course one of these people thinking about crazy people, but you might need that stuff. Yeah, right especially the It's a good on my plane Here's a mobile it will respond to you, Chillow Hello, yes sir. Yeah, yes Long time let's turn callers. All right. I've listened since I was 14 to for you. How you doing great job? Yeah Running now you solicited with my dad all the time fantastic great job. Okay, I'll have a great life You too. See two open lines in Dave County five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Oh, I see I watch and I'm flipping the channel slice like because I do not watch channel thin news ever ever Now I see a familiar face on air as I'm doing my channel surfing was about the 625 and who was it Mark Benson of Citizens of day united going way back It was olderly days talk about one dimensional people and he's talking about thank God that Dave Lawrence has leaving because the hero though I with a bilingual thing here. He's bringing up that old Citizens of day united by language crap all over again Mark Benson he and M.E. Shafer Papa papa papa The same old hard me or the over and over again. I Couldn't believe it one Dimensional people just talking a China with the same stupid thing beating it over the head for ever whenever And I hate to break the news to you, but if you open up your sports page this morning mark you'll discover the channel for is gonna be broadcasting Ford often games the season and espioniel I'd be like that that's right if you have your SAP on your TV set if you're a staff Of course if you speak in was you're to be able to watch it and then that's a good news for your mark, but I'm sure you're gonna be filming at them out That they're gonna be televising for dolphin games in espioniel and of course if you want you can listen to it on the WCMQ and espioniel anyway Thanks to I ODB and so God in stupid is there were years ago to let them do that wasn't that a nice going air Bob Neal Or yeah the cost broadcasting people man that was over they had the exclusive right to the dolphins used to get 10 and 15 shares on Sunday with the dolphin games Wild oh I hate that station all of a sudden. They said well, okay, we'll let the CMQ a lot of broadcasting in Spanish We won't lose any audience anyway, but I'm being all of a sudden the tens went to eight and went to five hey, where did everybody go? No speaking in glaze, baby Let's go to a tamarack hello Hey, baby, how are you doing? Okay sir. Yeah, I thought you're gonna lose it when I heard Goldie said the FDA is the federal drug federal drug administrative Here's a little punk who's about 10 years old with a brain-assigned ball bearing and they put him on a radio and the excuses him with that annoying voice The excuses well, he's got a lot of credibility You got credibility he's a punts I hear those three guys and they say I remind me of the fox or saying that they do it with pets on the road John Madden and Who's the other character they have? They met a third in there. Yeah, they really met Milton Mr. Personality met Milton They really need three guys to do a broadcast He ruined the time good. I mean, okay, you know, what's the name um in the morning to forest and Joe Rose? No, they're okay, but with Goldie and there's a go these are another Matt Miller and I'm that's a shot. That's a real shot of Matt Miller Oh, I met Milton. I met Milton comes over here and beats the crap out of Goldie just as you said that Okay, good. I'm waiting for Joe Rose to be the crap out of Goldie one of these days. Probably well. Oh, yeah He's calling a big ghetto bring his brother and lion oh boy and um Marist number nine. Yeah, we already got before I leave a lot you know who's ahead of Martin's wire and home run rates, right In the National League Ralph China hit 54. Yeah, oh nobody knows Ralph County I know that he had 54 in 1949 nobody knows how you like that. I told you the year that he did it I know you're the Maven okay, but nobody knows Ralph kind of here, right? No, they don't know they don't know anything He released their consistent. Do you think they know Lindsey nothing? No, they don't know they probably weren't as old old His old suits have a great thing. All right They don't know from nothing. These people are off from New York. Mal Island that's Pus Mal Island Ralph Kinders got a bed. They like who's a Ralph kinder Lindsey Nelson. I mean these guys only did the meds games for like 6,000 years And then there was on here saying that I thought Bob Murphy was dead since I don't live in New York anymore I was only praying and we'll leave it up to Hank had to be the one that's something that Bob Murphy is still alive These New Yorkers hey everything will maybe find like a one of those small dishes, you know Go to a plant's TV depot or God forbid someplace else and get in a small satellite dish So you can actually have some contact with the outside with the real world which this definitely is not Man, oh man if I didn't have my two not just one, but if I didn't have my big dish my small dish my milk And my flesh it dishes. I don't know what the hell I would do in this goddamn town cuz it's the only contact You got with the real world unless you get on a plane and go there, which is not here One open line in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the mobile one line We're talking about the great sports guys do's of all time Yeah, that's another thing. These people don't open a sports catch it Even on the sports segments of this station. It is not a topic I mean I've heard people try to bring it up. They know nothing. They haven't got a clue They think the scooter is a great sports cast. That's a idea of a great sport of the scooter Four minutes till noon at five sixty w q a m Here's a good watch Listen to what are you watch you put on we want the truth of the matter is When am I am when I was a little boy was like 13 or five years between five and 13 when he was a radio station What a little boy yeah, yeah, yeah When me and my amy was like on the same dial your five sixty huh check it out When I was a little boy comes around goes around and before I heard about the cubanus and say I was a little boy like five years old And then Down this all this that they put on radio station that brought in Spanish That I started hearing Spanish with me was amazing. Yeah, I'm up Yeah, yeah, I said what is I'm like and I was always I started learning about stuff. Yeah, and all the time I heard this Spanish words and they say There are radio stations come over from Cuba as a little boy. I was amazed That whammy and Miami was a radio station when I was I'm right now. What does that mean? I'm listening to all these words, but what's the what do you mean? Whammy okay. Thank you Okay, we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the 18 two while I was lying what did I want and he said he heard a bunch of Cuban words and then all of a sudden his brain Never became like it is today dysfunction Pop pop pop pop pop pop. Yeah, that was it in Espanyol Here's a four-laterdale hello That's you I've got mailbox in one of the larger substations. Yes, uh constantly dropping mail in the wrong box So instead of asking the clerk's the police to their job They cut a hole and put a new Mail drop in they got a sign as the cheese customers if you if you do a safe and drop your misdirected mail into this Oh, very good. So another is we know we're gonna be screwing up all the time So the mail that isn't yours please put it back in here So we can maybe get in somebody or belongs and bear with it. Oh God no one who thank a lot of you great Thanks for the good news there you go probably the people are working to post office the average IQ is in a minus column now with all the respect to about you know There's a small percentage of them We're very nice people and very articulate and very bright and have been in there too long to change now. I guess the way of the else But boy the kind of people that they're hiring now Just like when you call one of these numbers to get information from like maybe one of your credit cards or you call for service They're just about anywhere. I don't want to start talking minority stuff now I don't want to be picking on minorities because there's nothing wrong with minorities if they're qualified for the job And they've got an IQ bigger than their big toe or little toe for big foot But most of them sound like big foot. Oh God that's American today. This is what happened. You can thank all these goddamn bleeding heart phony limousine liberals Which I was never one by the way. I was yes. I was I Say forget about all that crap higher people that are qualified to do the job What a concept huh, which of course at this place in WQA and they would eliminate like 80% of the people out the door There'd be a perception right out the goddamn door say Oh, yeah see at the house this weekend because they're all related of course, you know That part of the family part of the Mitch Baja right Sam. You know what I'm talking about? Oh God How's the nephew doing anybody seen him lately? No Well, you know they had that problem there on a plane Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey Neil yes, I'm out of this and back to you What about each y'all? Yeah The devil service. Yeah, I heard you talking about channel 10. You know we're surfing the cows there on Sunday. Yeah, we thought Kelly Mitchell there Kelly Mitchell's now a channel 10. It's correct and they still will not tell us the real reason why she got canned from seven I guess we're the seventh deal with this. You wouldn't explain what really happened All right Okay, and I think she caught Brian Andrews in the paper boy in the back room like Stark naked and That was then she threatened to go on a year with it and they said get out in here Kelly just keep it all quiet There's no one was the paper delivery boy or was it Craig Steve? Oh, who was it? He's not there anymore, is he? Don't see him no more in channel seven when a long time no now Craig Steven he must be back on his delivery route We have an open line in date 567. 560 pound 560 how they doing over there? Oh, we're fine And the AT&T wireless line. Hi anybody here died and store Oh, I don't you'll never guess who was doing the news. I was listening to Rick and Suds on a Friday afternoon driving out of here Which I haven't heard them in a cool zage You'll never ever guess who's doing the news on their show. Do you know One of the most anxious people To ever darken the door at the packs Nio D who was working on weekends fancy themselves as a radio talk host We used to be on with Tanner in the morning years ago not John in No worse Jim really Jim really he's the news man. Oh, yeah, it was working done and Poor Rick right I thought Rick was gonna bust a gun. He was just begging for calls And I thought to myself oh now I feel so much better now. I know it's not just me and then this morning deep Oh deep. Oh was threatening to blow his brains out on here if nobody would call. They still wouldn't call it Didn't do it, dammit But it's just that that was bizarre John M and Jim really Not to mention of course will you have been a puppet crocodile deterred no food the Nixon whatever is name was Billy Bob Billy Bob the turret. That's right boy. Did they bring did that people to bring in some great talent over there And those few months we were in passion ball he brought in the best staring no expense He brought him in for the more for some From AA recovery meeting ball over America man. Oh God would agree Yeah The questions in my life is you don't call me anymore Oh Oh my god She wouldn't even know what microphone if you're stuck in the front of her post I had one in my mouth. Why well that's good We have an open line in date five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line answering our musical question today is Karen K Is she 1209 how's well? Same old one by the way. We heard from him lately. Oh, what a loser that is just he Hey anyway if you're feeling like