This is the Pond, everyone I just read there. This is constantly waiting. Two Bozos back to back. Five six seven or five six weeks. They mobile in Miami. A while in the country was I accused of a violent crime blowout to red. Oh, sir, this is our bold label. This is exactly the mentality we're dealing with. And like I said, it's not these guys, but it's the same because they'll support it. They don't give a crap what these guys do. As long as we win. There's one thing run fast and jump high. They're like, Brian Blades, baby. He don't have time to talk to you guys. He's got a lot to do to see that one play. That's what Duro's now said. Give me a freaking break, okay. Go talk to P. We Herman and blow it out your ass. They're the lady mobile and don't read the show. I deal with you. Okay, man. You know what? You are completely right. You got three more on back to back to back to back. Yeah. So don't you think I'm not going to your hero. Yeah, what we've been to. Well, I'm in two. We don't want to hear about all the criminals on there. They're saying about on the college football team. I don't know you're this for all these other dumb drugs. I agree. I'm, I'm of, I think turn on to you for six months. And I've been trying to turn on my girlfriend. And they're the all time to you. I'm trying to turn on my girlfriend. I'm trying to turn on my girlfriend. I'm also 100% in what you say. And even with the okay situation, okay. We don't can kill and get off. But what do we do? We're still waiting and looking at half boys and man there. And they're still alive. He was my. He was waiting a red. He was doing a rocker that we had all these assholes running around there with signs on the LA freeway. So only your. You're not going to the government or America's. Yeah, and it's not about a bunch of idiots. You got that right here. You got there right. And my thing is, I think it's time to boycott football. I could put all riddles. We see him sitting there on the TV and I wasn't even going to be here. And watch him go go go go. We can say, what about his sister? What's going on? Give him the nuts. And home. Maybe they won't watch him on. All right. And game two. Yeah. I wouldn't send him my videos to him. I would just. My friend, one of the buyer, Jersey. Some of the people who got to the. I did. I don't see a girl. Jersey. I knew. And you know, hey, that's how my. Yeah. I don't know. Hey, go for. Yeah. Good morning. Two of the lines of. Five six seven. One line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. And you don't care as long as you get to run fast. Show my love. Yes. Yeah. And all they care about. They don't care about nothing else. You can kill somebody, know, get your offer. And then you know, I'm sure that there's somebody's door fans out there thinking, running off. Maybe not. Chula didn't win anything in a long time. I mean, I went to a school all year as a girl. But she will. At least was a didn't pull up with his grandpa Jimmy Jansson. He wore five and two. It's just a very hard dream to get. He died. He died a point for each hour. He looks good. So he? Each hour, do whatever he can to make him. making so full of good. Yeah thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a girl training that you were having at Dallas too. Okay. How did they do? Okay. Thank God that Michael Irvin is another one of the many guys that Jimmy can take credit for. We have an open line of date. Fine. Oh, you can't say these things to me. Yeah. Right. And not like I said before. How come this poor segment on his radio station? How come they're not the ones talking about this book and interviewing these authors? Because the several pages I read there is terminal on his boring is a may have been to some people. Never like that was all about stuff going right here in his house. Go. It was a release. editors know the being a chapter. I read Marina will not be heading off the source and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented running back to replace him and began humbling the ball and training camp. John John for their explain to reporters is decision release. Phillips had little with a trouble. I played more recent birth for the law and police are and it says the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he assaulted a woman in my nightclub in June. And here it is the end of October. We heard any more about that? No. I haven't heard the final decision to pass. No. Whatever. Any more about that? No. No. Lawrence Phillips. One of the real scumbags in history of the human race. Suck his girlfriend and the goddamn stand up post office box there in Lincoln Nebraska. Feet that after beating the camp out of it. But hey, you know, these guys got to have anger management courses. They got to have, yeah, they came out of the ghetto. Yeah, right. Tell the coal that. Brown that too. Okay. That O. J. came out of the ghetto. And tell Ron Golden and the family while you're at it. Always got excuses for abort unacceptable violence behavior. Don't. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, the criminal over and up. Yeah. Okay. Here's a mobile in always like those guys about the perimeter. That's always in pressure to me. It's in can over the phone. Mobile in Northwaterdale. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got to respond to this. It sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever. Um, this there's not what you're talking about right now. It sounds like making a dirty out of way better. Nothing new to anything you're saying. It's just been going on and sports. It's beginning a part. Yeah. And Henry, son of a people should be talking about it. I was just, no, no, no, no. You're right about bringing it to the public attention. But I, what I think is what's going on here. What's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and you've already for media to just keep things in full amount on all over the airways and makes such a big thought out of them and a whole plan the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become so sensational that the big picture has been completely blown away that these are people from under privileged areas. Oh, here we go. Oh, okay. What's wrong? I'm a bit as very until that to one day. You know, that would take a while. I hear the height of the eye. I don't. I didn't know. I turned George that as soon as I finished reading one of the break. I said the response is going to be from assholes like see sir. I was in anybody say almost any opinion of that I will not listen to. I don't hear what area you come from. That's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people. It's not an excuse for murder. It's not an excuse for assault. It's not a excuse for treating women like drugs. Subhuman garbage. It's not an excuse. I'm sick and tired of hearing it. Whether you're black, whether you white, I'm not a prison, the area whether it's body, cops, where rich guy, they were in spikes, murder, smart, rich, Patrick. I don't want to hear about it. Mark Fitzpatrick didn't cover my guy. Then under the public's neighborhood. He did the body, cops. Jesus, George of what a sad sad sad. And you know the interesting part is to point out in this book. See, and now you understand where he was coming from in the beginning. Well, immediately his bonus all up. So the media automate blown it up. That's why this book is so guy damn great. 10 million dollars to the lowest scumbags on a face of the like Mike Tyson. There's a classic example. See, the boxing fans in his country. They don't give a crap what Mike's in how tight it is. How many people he raped, how many years he choose on, how everyone has been, they want to pay to see him fight some scumbag on the yet because for whatever reason. Cut to that next exciting. So don't confuse them with the fact. But this horse crap, in addition to which these are the guys, these are the select few guys who've been taken out of the my, out of the get-hows and given the opportunity to make millions of dollars. 80% of the players in the NBA are black. What would most of those guys be doing if they were playing basketball and making millions and millions of dollars? What would they be doing? So when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions of dollars and be a big hero and a big celebrity and then you turn around or continue being a scumbag, something's wrong. There's somewhere right Mark Duper. I mean, you could go down a list. You've got a list as long as you're arm and your legs put together. And this guy's trying to make it stiff. Sir, I got, I'm all my life, I've been a liberal, but you know something when it comes to this, that's why I draw the line. I'm not interested in labels. When it comes to the death penalty, try and when it comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people, put them away and throw away the guy to keep. And I knew that this would be the, I told you that right during the break. I said, you wait and see, all the wrong improvements they came from the ghetto, they grew up in these gangs. But you know something they were given a chance to get out. How many chances do they get? It's like how many beers does it take to enjoy supporting them here? How many chances do they have to get before we finally say, well, uh, you know, thank God Lawrence Taylor got off your own. Oh, I'm sorry. Hergatory. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Frank Flasher about this. And I'm actually here Georgia comment for our own holder. Yes. Okay. I'm a three-year owner's owner's owner's daughter. I'm a three-year-old. I'm a three-year-old. Okay. I was just here at, yes. Um, he's, isn't like a history of this country. Don't back to Thai, probably beat a cripple person in the sand. They really? And think killed a quarter, supposedly. He went into a gang. Oh, right. Yeah. Today, we're to protect their sports heroes. Uh-huh. It's, you know, it's like already what what did you read that about my cons? Um, there is articles. I've parents to talk to a town in Northeast Georgia where he's with, right? And they still can't stand them because he's a real SOB. And I don't think he cares the discipline. And I'm saying them now. I'm a different style. But it's just like, kind of constantly are four heroes like you and I just come to that stuff. You can jail for a way to keep. I mean, when you're talking about violent crimes, when you're talking about killing people, beating the crap out of women and other people, and maybe shooting people. I mean, we're, we're not talking about the little dittling stuff. We're not talking about people smoking a little weed or whatever, a little we're talking about violent crimes, what we're talking about in a grotesque, violent society. And these people are supposed to be role models. They're put up on pedestal. Hey, we worship you. Do we have your autographed race? And it's not the attitude like you grew up in the ghetto. There are plenty of people with grew up in the ghetto. Yeah, they're not killing people. Right. And come out. And they're also not making millions of dollars a year. So what, what, see, society, if we ought any brain, we shouldn't be asking a word in you grew up. We just expected to conform to certain stuff, just minimal things we expected to conform to. And if you can't do that, then what put you in a cage somewhere. And how did they say? And they can win some games. Then he doesn't care what they do really exactly. I say put them all in jail. All right. All right. All right. Congratulations. See, there you go. First place. I mean, if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like O. J. If everybody was murdering everybody and probably out of control and beaten women all over the goddamn place, and we have anarchy. Because God made into people who grew up in a goddamn ghetto. All but it's an excuse. Not for me. It's not. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, my arm sound like you. Okay. You're a princess. Oh, no. I have one of those. I've been listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet. Oh, my God. Wow. I totally agree with you. I think that we set these men up and the kids ride a lives. And that's wrong in society. And that's all I have to say. Thank you. Thanks. First simple. This is not complicated. You don't cheat your kids to admire. Come back. That's all. We're not talking about some. I'm talking violence criminals. And I hear all this destruction. Oh, come on. Come on. Come this one. Come on. Can't throw a pancake block. And I'll come this one. Got to send me the other one back there. Not for my own. But don't get you this with the facts because either we got you all bet on the game, which I do understand that or you know, we want to feel better about ourselves. It would be like just like my going that panther game, the event watching at this race for this play. Am I going to come in here the next day? And say, start playing at the end. Well, let's get next time. Okay. I'm going to do that. I need to suck the extra. Guys making millions of dollars go on to the motions, putting out a future performance quite frankly boring me to see it. And I still say to you, they're killing the beast that later. Big ones, baby. Just like they are basically baseball. I'm a big little bit of a brief but it's only a matter of time. Especially with what the meds to be a bit and the NBA, they're shooting themselves right in the goddamn big one. Have you know something? It's amazing. But there are no NBA genes going on right now and the world is still going around. And John Glenn is still taking a big up there in outer space. And people are still changing their underwear every day. We hope to wear a couple of days every couple of weeks. And life is going on. People that a bunch of big priests Janet ball down in the hoop. Isn't that a mirror for us? How to help? How do we get out of there in the morning, you know? Because I have so many street police nights worried about under a reading Bruce Smith and it's time. I have night there's a Jim Kelly might come back. Here's my name. Hello. My name. Hello, I'm the officer. I'm a comment about the football of a candle that you're talking about. Yeah, I come from a football family. My father. It's first in his family to graduate in the university. It's played for the original of Canton Bulldogs after 1926. It was only by the greatest of God and that's what I could believe that I got a scholarship to get to university. He graduated. I played football. Yeah. Now I'm watching and have been watching over the past few years. The disintegration, if you will, of the the student athlete. Jason point the University of Miami. My opinion that Jimmy Johnson has seriously considered it to be some reason. So, what things entirely capable players are for the first rounders, teachers for founders even, that's without the specific school that's for the accredited to their community. It's been it almost appears if there was some kind of. Our effort, special effort made to to recruit from the bottom of the teaching. First time I can understand it. Yeah, to equally go to the world. Yeah, well, he never met a bottle of gin left. But for some reason, I goes out drinking with his players. It's just one of those things. It's also good time. There's some reason I have to connect him in my mind. Jimmy Johnson and the conscious recruitment. Yeah. But you see, you have to understand these things couldn't happen without the fans and a university at the college level without the alumni. They're the ones who put the pressure to bear for these guys to win. And now they do it at all. Cause it's big money and on order to get the contract within BC, National TV contract. We're talking millions and billions of dollars now. And so, you know, as long as these people are these, this is their priority to me part of a winning athletic program. And that's the most important thing for them. It's going to get worse and worse and for the level just to be an all-fall report. You're absolutely absolutely correct. They, you know, are student athletes that they didn't like from somewhere else around the state of living Jacksonville or wherever so that they could kind of like ship in a little carpet bag and action there. Pretty soon, it's going to be in the kindergarten. Well, you know, they brought this kid in from my, he's going to school in Howard right now. They brought him in from Orlando. But man, his kid is going to be a great quarterback of our team. And like I said, it's the adults. It's just silly idiotic people out there who like think this is the most important, God damn thing in the world. Is it the most important? Oh, no, I don't think so. Priorities are all screwed up. They're upside down people that we ought to be paying. All the team we got such crappy education. We got no good teachers. Teachers just stuck to big one, baby. Well, take a look at all the big bucks you're paying the teachers and take a look at how much you're paying people and law enforcement and pay people or doing jobs where they risk their lives. If you didn't talk about good people, we'd be care about trying to do a job and then take a look at the amount of that your pay needs and so 91. I'm going to tell you something people from coast to coast. They got to be flooding the phone lines that MSNBC instead of talking about penis gate and some seen how old parts been in a rounded outer space. They got to be flooding the phone lines saying this is the end of Americans' society as we know it. We were in a deep spiral end of climb and it's got nothing to do with the oral sex and has to do with people losing their whole semblance of reality. Their whole perspective on my life is really all about and what is important and what is not important. They have lost it. Oh, gee, we're going to keep the franchise. We can't pay 91 median. 100 minutes. Anybody here 200 minutes and the best part is they weren't even been in the city but there was 10 coast to what they paid. But just to make sure because you know Mike he didn't like the 84-Mid-In-Law Sandor even though he was cried about missing the dog your blue and whatever. You're talking crazy people who are destroying. You're watching these people destroying their own empire. Right before your eyes, they're killing it. It's 11 to the 8 out. The Neil Rogers y'all waterdale. All right, I think bro. In fact, on all the crackdowns, mold in high school. I ever leave a hole in a thing at all. And my name is Brad Edger Keaton. Your answer me will. Brad Edger I own these fortune walls. Oh, no, no. Don't on the land where I'm living. See the grip that can't be a driven. And if we don't let our neighbors we don't have to stay. No way. Love is more than my place from Elvis. Oh, man, Jesus, don't let them live. In the vegetables, ma'am, mold away. Oh, right. Oh. I just wear everybody helped out. I'm on. Mama, they took it just because of day. Ramas, they've made me new. I can't take it. He won't do anything. Oh, Mr. Rogers in the place. Mama, they told my mobile home away. Yeah, you do it, bye-bye. I'm in safety all the time. Me and I get no double-eyed. Mama, they told my mobile home home. Baby. All right. Mama, it's good to be right for. Mama, we're pleased. Put down the gun. Mama, it's good to be mobile home away. Mama, it's over, over home. Mama, it's over, over home. Mama, it's over, over, over. Mama, it's over, over. Soon. Mama, it's over, over. We need. Mama, it's over. Play the ball, right, all right. Come on, mama. Club, three of us. Five, six, six. Are you done yet or what? Are you done? No, you are not. Club, three of five, six, you WKM, the heck over. Show it too. We got Jim Manage, come out to Mad Dog tonight. Yeah, I'm too excited to clock. And then we got the Panthers and Chicago against the Black Hots. That could be real ugly. Speaking of the Maddoers, by the way, they are painted out against some horseball team at the Amyamirina. And if you bring the kids under 12 for Halloween, they get in for free. I read the newspaper. Do you know they send us nothing about that? We have an open line in that day. It's not a work-take couple of minutes. I have too much reading under Show Too Bad. It's very, very fascinating. It's good stuff. Somebody faxes me the article by David Horowitz from Solon, magazine off the internet. Like the other thing. Show for your coach become a cause. But the coach, I've always want to say latrine. But trial is free while with air, which proves that whites can tell blacks apart nowadays, may mark the end of an era. Try this exercise. Imagine that a white player in the National Basketball Association had first try to strengthen his black coach, and then threaten the kill him in front of a whole team. Suppose that this white player had previously threatened the teammate with a gun and a two-by-four. Suppose the NBA was finding for this unprofessional even criminal conduct, as he suspended the white player for a year. And that has teamed terminated his contract. How many public figures do you think would step forward to defend the culprit? How many mayors of major cities would speak out in his behalf? As San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown did in the late 12-speed wealth case, even to Jesse, then maybe to coach deserve to be chosen. All right. How many famous white warriors would join his team and claim as Johnny Cochring did that there had been a rush to judgment, and a disparity in treatment in the plan that the white player was being punished only because the victim was black. Here's another exercise. Imagine that a white football star with a history of brutality and jealous rages toward his black life. It's a second and a savage murderer for an affront. Support the attempt to flee with the passport and money in his direction toward the Mexican border. Support his blood is found all over the crime scene, and the blood of his dead wife on his clothing is car and at his home. Support that a 911 recording of an early incident with his screen that he was going to kill her is played in court to the whole country. What are the chances that a white jury would have put him in my sentence now? Or that's a white population which here such a verdict rather than a hangout pet in shame? Imagine that a convicted felon and parole violence and a king had been away. He takes the law on a high-speed chase, throwing cops off his back when he's finally stopped, and otherwise, physically, resisting arrest. How much attention would have been paid to the fact that the police got overly tough with him? With the president of the United States and called for the cops to be tried and tried again until he was sent to jail, with a white Rodney King members that given $3 million in compensation by a contract Los Angeles and made a post-deboi for police brutality and racial injustice by the nation as a whole. These exercises show what is missing from the current dialogue on race, a candid discussion, first of the way white America has been overreacting to the shame of its receding racial path, and then of the way races become such an offer of excuse for much of black America that many prominent black figures don't seem to be able to leave home without it. Our Blacks failing to keep up educationally with Asians and whites, institutional races must be the blame. Our Blacks committing crimes out of all proportion of their representation and the population, the racist criminal justice system is responsible. Our few high paid Blacks thought threatening to bring down this forth that players like Michael Jordan had elevated the such magnificent level. That's just talked by racist white owners and officials rushing to judge members with this fairer punishment level again Blacks. Such canter is missing because the so-called dialogue has been framed by people from the Resolving Water Exceptible Conclusion. Blacks are victims, whites are to blame. That is why the chairman of the Presence Commission on the Race has screwed in Ward Connerly, a pre-man and a critic of a former divetion from the discussion, even though he also happened to be black, by the way. That's even why President Clinton himself or his book notice agreement that a former divetion was a good thing during his town hall meeting on race in Akrono, Ohio. Few dare to suggest that a firm and evacably become racial payback to oppose it as to blame the victim, which of course no these in person would do. Those directing the dialogue can accept that America has moved far beyond the bad days of segregation and institutional racial injustice. This is the 90s with black, multi-millionaires like Springwell can constitute 80 percent of the NBA players. Black millionaire mayors like Brown calling the shots in major cities and black millionaire lawyers like Johnny Conpring, demanding national audiences and magazine covers. And the rest of America knows it. The overwhelming negative react of the street well is there. And the ludicrous comments by people like Mayor Brown suggest that the rest of the American including liberal sports writers and commentators may at least be ready to say it out loud. They've had it up to the ears with the brain games and the self-isolation in no small part because they realize such attitude only makes things worse. The street welfare shows that we're parking in the end of an era which is the best news about race yet. White Americans change all blacks no longer look alive. Even ordinary Americans for its fans for instance no longer look at all blacks and the anonymous others the insquitable menace or the universal victim. White Americans can tell the difference between a La Trosty well and a Michael Jordan between a Chris Darden and Johnny Conpring and a word Connelly or a Willie Brown there's a lot of hope in that. So David Horowitz and Salon magazine let's hear it for David Horowitz. There you go baby. Well a lot of reading today thank god lunches here from ponies. Thank you our friends and Tony Joe. I'm a little disappointed Hank Hank is great a lot of Hank I do listen on the way home but yesterday I heard that thing with our friend over there and Scott's got permanent land of city subs. I mean after you've been doing it this long when you're big and fat like I am and like Hank is and you love your food. You're gonna be able to be your food from free without having an argument and I'm giving people on that out of the shit there's nobody out of care what the ratings say. I don't care what the audience tells you. I don't care about anything else. Nobody in the universe knows more about getting free food in here than we do on this show. Oh that's Tony some. That's in soup got some, oh we got meatballs sausage. Now I'm gonna say I can know and he's fine to by the one. Our Tony's pizza and the subs Tony's pizza which is located where. Come on let's give a little plug here for Christ. Say you're losing it. $193 and $441. I'm gonna drive $141 right down the street here and it's good great stuff to by the one. If you're looking black, you AL. Use some of the things. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Life Association. Red space. Most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, it's a pollution. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hank. They scare the shit out of him. And intimidate them and he's giving you whatever you want. That's right Hank. Think about it. Leak and cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience stores. Make ships and breakfast wire in. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch cheating any girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. The great alternative is the working problems out. It's better to formulate your control. You're a dead and you're just might make your fans. This budget said that father was free. We're sure that father was in his system. They might make you pay the suits. And that father, we're coming. Perfectly, if I'm sick, he'd be able to get that father free. They were in the money, too. Think it's Sunday. What was his name? They're going to remember Vincent's shot along the horse. Come on, quick, quick. He was on the horse. We're having a guy named Diego for a street there. And he said to him, what are you called out his name? And he said, the Zaza. Well, Joey Zaza. Yeah, I got to work this stuff on myself because you were in Holland. Sorry. And when he were having a meeting in Atlantic City there, when the Chandler started, it's a hit. They said, yeah, I come to him. He might make us all famous, too. It's true that I have a belafi good eye. Right. Who's four waterdale? Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, this is great. Joe today. Nice to meet you. Didn't get a response on his. But yeah, maybe saying that, talk about hockey players or... Yeah, a lot of bookings. That's far ahead. Here we go. Here's the guy, a hockey manager. Yeah. Purple line and brought over to mention the market character, which he wouldn't know him because he's a hockey person. How many mentioned that? Many of other hockey players were scumbags. But not nearly as many as football. How do you like that? I wonder what that's all about. How's Grand James doing, by the way? And the bad news is all he did was molest over a hundred young hockey playing kids. Grand James up there in Canada. And they put him in jail for a couple of minutes. And now he's out there on day really. So much and nothing other day. So he can go out and more and some kids in the late time. And then go back to the good night's sleep in the slime. And then a lot of them out again. The next day to do some kids. Here's from Salon. Maybe, how are you doing? OK, sir. Home run on the top. It's today. Yeah. I think it all boils down. But this is in sports, Shetty Moore. It's all about this. This is making money. Just as a couple examples, if you were for all the nation for high pay up and you fell a year and test you're going. But you played for it so much, and you could be the heck out of your girlfriend in the president matter. Right. Same thing with Scott. And he departed early now. What I admitted Salon. But he's allowed that, how about the ship in the full parking wide? Because he didn't, the generally, relish for the NFL. That's not a chair. That's right. Let's go to Paul Allen, who was Microsoft or was a co-founder. You think it's somebody who walked in the Microsoft and started choking him down. And they would get the same treatment that Richard was. We loved it for the Portrait. Right. But I remember Mickey Manlow will he amazed when we're doing stuff with some of Cassino up there. They give us a heck of a ride away. And this is not to their careers, well, he's seven days. They would call that they would be out of the hall of fame. That's right. Because they were a place for all about money. It's all about business. You've got to put it in the parking. They're affecting their image. They don't care about the image of the players in the winning. But protecting their images and institutions because they're bigger than life. Exactly. And what they do is the others will ship back and say, well, it's a lead policy. I can't do anything about it. And that's just a bunch of cars. And it all really boils down to where my opinion is. Just a parenting at home. Maybe even as you don't have all models, those with 50%. And what would be, these guys are pretty good. But of course, they're all by different women in these murders. And I guess I'm not picking out yet. What do these guys come down to? They're just rich as the way it is. And I'm not proud of it. What it happened. And it's there. I'm like, quite cool for the hand that is there on a Bible and swear that nothing happened. And I said, that's all. I searched through that up for food for food. OK. Have a great day, sir. You too. I understand. Well, what was he saying about putting their gun in the blow job in the water? I don't know. We have an open line of violence. I've got a hypocrisy again. No, no, people don't give a crap about the person in sex life. And the fact that he's very new to his eyes, princess, and has not sex with her in 14 years. Maybe we can understand with a little more of a synthetic. And maybe he needs to get his rocks off once in a while. OK? For carriers. And how that crept in the conversation? I have no idea. But the person that's not supposed to be a role model. He's supposed to be doing a job of a running the country and keeping him from blowing a world off. That's all. He wants to transphosity. I don't see anybody with any presidential bit. Qualcards. The BEC, the collector president cards. I don't see those. Hey, Mr. President, can you sign your cards? I don't see those. We have an open line of Howard. The wire was lined. Here's Carl Spring, shall I? Hello, Neil. How are you? Great. Great, Joe. I, you think of my interests, so I have to call him. OK? OK. It wasn't because of the great success that I got out of the south, Ron. It was a ghetto in the 60s and 70s. Great. So, Bill, God. Yeah. Exactly. And came to Florida eventually to raise my children here. Mm-hm. He was, because of the hard work and the sacrifice that my mother and father went through by working two jobs and putting me through private schools to get a good education. Here, Bill. Education is the basis of what we would say. He's just purchased the person that had turned into a good citizen or remained in the ghetto. Well, my parents made a decision to get me out of the ghetto. So they are my heroes, not these people that you can see. I just am a child, the NFL and baseball. We'll be the downfall with the money because how much is enough. This is both of the entertainment for us, not ripping off the general public. OK. And this is like if your next door neighbor was always coming over, not coming over to our club or a couple of shivers, could I love bar to five bucks for a bread money? And then, next day, if you're a walk over there and you see they got a new candle like in the driveway. And you're wondering, how can they keep getting all of this debt and how can they keep spending money that they claim they're not making? And then next day, there's another new candle like, and they come back to my 10 dollars. One more. And that's the commission. And more and more and more. And the only way it's going to come to a screeching halt and you're already seeing ample evidence of it is when the suckers out there stop subsidizing this crap because that's exactly what it is. And exactly what you're talking about because I did not pay a single cent last year to go to any single baseball game for Wayne. Right. And my son is always asking me, hey, when would we go to game on a side? You don't have any money for that guy. Oh, you know, maybe they change ownership. It'll happen. The reason is, you see, all the things that happen on TV and the things that you talk about in the book. And it's an embarrassment. Now only for them, but for the reason and the teams that they represent. And they're not going to get any of my money. My money goes to my son's education. And everybody, have a nice day. OK. Good one today. By the way, thanks, Tony. I'll put on a, what? OK, but when you got a place named Tony, you don't say thanks Brad. Thanks Brad, it's Tony's, yes, he do. Brad doesn't sound a telling the truth. Maybe his name is Brad Donna Teller. Huh? Maybe that's it. Brad could be a titan. You're first name could be a, it could be a straw. Huh? Like, style, style, style, style. Maybe a straw, style, style, style, style, style, style. Well, who knows? Orpeline and day five, I was wine. Of course, you did just for that a problem. Because if all of us foretodes on it, then what's that we're going to do with a format of this guy, damn radio say. That's a problem. I mean, you're still planning to illegal stuff to gamble. I'm going to have to worry about that. I don't have to be sports. We can go out here and gamble on the leaves for an out-of-three out here. My uncle used to do that. My guisellum and you have to ritualize for an out-of-three. Well, maybe not quite that bad. So he's up to what's right there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I brought this up one time. I called Matt Dogg. And I'm just kind of fell on death years. I like Matt Dogg, but he didn't really have anything to say. Why don't they push more in the NFL for, hey, you cannot play in the NFL. And so you have your bachelor's degree. I mean, they go, I know it sounds. I even were down at jail, how about that? Well, NHL was really playing that you don't have to go to college first to play in the NFL. But a college, there's a few of them that come out of, you know, like Michigan State or BU maybe a half a dozen, but earlier I called going to college. But earlier a guy made a good for he didn't even mean to, but he made a good point by asking about the hockey players. He said, yeah, but there's not that many incidents with hockey players for whatever reason. They don't have a, they're not as despicable characters in the private-lies of these NFL guys. No, no. But just, I mean, why can't people just talk about them? Why isn't it? Why isn't that idea of toyed around with more? You know what I mean? Because I mean, you're talking about revamping our whole attitude. In the society about changing all of our priorities. There's no priority in education. The guy who's the egghead, he's the one like Antelope Stevens. And he's the one people look at the, oh boy, he's, he's an oddball. He's a goofball. He's, you know, a very bright, but he's, uh, out of line with the rest of us. They don't care about that guy. Yeah, no, I know that. Let me, let me see it again. If I'm trying to think of somebody who John Kenneth Goldbrief would have killed two people, okay? And he was refling in a white-forward Bronco from the scene. Nobody would have been running up and down the streets of where what it was with big science said, go John, go. They went to bed doing that. Right. But OJ being a sports hero, being a jock, being part of this whole mythology of American society. That's just, if you put on a jock strap, suddenly all of a sudden you're a hero. And if you can run real fast, run for a lot of yards, you're a hero, no matter what kind of a scumbag you are, then they're all running up and down the freeways. There was big stuff. That was one of the most embarrassing displays. That will go down in the amals of American history, because they got all the footage of it on tape as one of the most embarrassing chapters in history of this country. And it's a great revelation of the thinking of too many people, millions of people in this country. Well, I think you said it though. I think maybe the tide has turned a little bit. In other words, they got, now they can't claim anymore. And I don't mean to say, they're just talking about blacks or whatever. But I mean, let's face it. The reason I whole OJ thing happened was that they're, I mean, the reaction to it was because they said, hey, how many times did a black man get lynched and that kind of thing and white people cheered it on that kind of thing? So we're getting our revenge now. Well, okay, all right, then we give you that. And it happened. All right, now is it, are we playing on an even field now? It's like a formative action. Let's stop for playing the playing game. Just like this article I read by David Horowitz. No more playing game. Okay. You're on take responsibility for your own action. Get your own education. And for your own job, be able to a better job than the other people competing for a statute period. No more no more handouts. Yeah, and then the other thing I was going to say. I was going to say, the other thing I was going to say is that Willie, what's his name? The mayor of Sam's system. Well, I mean, I didn't know he did that. He did that. I just lost all respect for that guy. I mean, that's ridiculous. He's sticking up for free well over that guy is pretty ridiculous. Well, the free well. Okay, now, all right, say. And then, of course, what's the green, free well, how the fuck the turn around him to the NBA? I want to say no, you lose your full crap. Well, you know, let's refile the suit. Let's try it again. Because he's been treated unfairly, even though they're going to allow him to come back and play again after he tried to choke his coach to death. You got to understand that we need lots more anger management. That's what it's all about. anger management. Yeah, we got big nasty angry guys. You got to try to control a man to help align to date. 567. Right, post the home. Charles Jordan and Lamar Thomas and others who are no longer here, Lawrence Phillips, Irvings Fife. Frozen cons, the criminals who play in the NFL by Joe accused of, including Michael Irving and the others, are so that they tailed into went significant compared to all the other stuff that's in here. So they're not even up to snuffed if I can say that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once, going twice. Is a mobile in four miles, hello. Meals all in a lack of a backup. It doesn't back in place. You have a great topic today. And what I would like to say about it is the following. Not only is it not an excuse to say that someone came from a poor background and grew up in the gut up. But it's actually one of the most demeaning things you can say with regard to people who live in that situation. Right. Essentially, you're saying, look, you are not the same quality human being. We cannot accept the same level of moral behavior. And you should go back to the Godfather one again when they're having the heads of the five families are having that meeting. And they're talking about, you know, not letting drugs near schools, etc. And so on. They're going to get the drug business and the one guy from Kansas City, I guess, or whatever, then what's it? Talking about the blacks. Well, their animals anyway let their losers souls. Exactly. Exactly. If I had come from that background or fire like the gentleman who called a few colors back, who had been able to rise above that, I would be outraged at the suggestion that because someone grew up in those circumstances, there's no reason that moral behavior from that. Right. It is. I mean, if somebody kills your wife or your kid or got prepared, you know, anybody in your family or somebody who care about, do you care if that person grew up in a ghetto? Is that going to be an excuse? Absolutely irrelevant. I mean, as Susan Smith, because of the fact that she grew up as a trailer park trash, subliterate piece of garbage in South Carolina, is that an excuse that she drowned her two kids? It's an insult to every honest person, every moral person who's living that life right this minute and it's not turning into a criminal or some kind of a raking murdering animal. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Great show. Great show. And it's a great book. Like I said, I want to write a few paper spots. Radio. But you get the drug. You get the gist of it. You get the MSG. I think. Open line in day county. Five lines. Here's four waterdale. Hello. Four waterdale. Florale. Yes sir. I first found color. All right. A long time. Go to Vegas. Get me out of here. Um, but out there a couple of times because the mom lives out there. I'm going to show that work there lines that you're alive. I'm going to work for worse. Yeah. First time I'm going to see Susan Salas. Right. I'm going to call him because I'm half a time, half Colombian. And maybe that call is got a couple of days because that asshole went down to Colombia. Tell me of the asshole from four miles. You call two days in a row. Right. He probably deserves it. Who's great claim to fame is that he hates Colombians. Yeah. Well, he probably deserves it. Yeah. I agree. Anyone who's I love the Colombian people like they said in Godfather. Colombian people are a wonderful people. They never stole a free train. I would not like that. They said. Here's a little try. I got my lover to come to see you tomorrow. Yeah. So let's see you tomorrow. Okay. Don't bring him in drag though. All right. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. Five-sink. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Man. Yeah. I'm good to talk to a person that was with our hockey here. But I'm a seasoned Panther holder. I'm at the value of what. Yeah. I am still this far. That's a Mario Brothers. Yeah. I mean, these guys. I like that. The Mario Brothers. Yeah. I mean, that's the only game in town. I mean, there's no game on the... Yeah. I mean, it was like a bigger stadium. Form and out there. They're having a little concert out there. Everybody's putting them around. School fell lay lessons. I mean, you know, they suffer from a lack of talent. I told you that before the team started, this is a roster. You look up and down. And it's the same old story again. A couple of promising youngsters in the organization. For Mario, may not turn out to be real good players. But there is no nuclear-escivate team. You look at any other team in league. Even teams that have good young players. They're a second and third and fourth year young players. Poor, we need to be developing, like on the league. Fuck, Sergey, Burzans, L. and McCalley. And, uh, technical dean. Sure, not just a whole bunch of rookies, which they've been feeding us this whole craft year after year. All the kids in the organization. And unfortunately for us, most of them never pan out in weights. And we got a lot of old steps out there like Dr. Fumman, Laws, and Kirk Morris. And, uh, Donnie, and he's guys that nobody will take from us. Nobody wants him. And then that's just, you have a roster that has no talent. No, but he had a coaching that has no talent. Right. And, you know, but, and not only that, but coaching now, they not only has no talent, but that's got a chip on it, children. This guy's heards out to be nothing at all like what I thought he was in. The more I hear from people about Terry Maurice, he's a real hard ass. The players don't like him. He walks around with a chip on it, children. If you look at him, cross-eyed, he's going to sit you out. And, uh, we don't want to. You know, in this day and age, the way athletes, uh, think these, they're not going to play for somebody like that. No, actually, not in his brother who's the GM. I mean, we have brought down here. We had a winning team and we had nobody. Yeah. But, I mean, if I hit him with the nobody out there, and they were hit, if we get to the prime in its time. And, there was a boring team to watch, but they played the trap, and they played a real slow-pond, a slow-scoring board. And, you know, I guess it was necessary at that time because if we try to play white, but we got in slaughtered, and, you know, in order to compete, we had to do that. But now, it's year number six. You've had a lot of talented people coming to go on this team, like Barnes and like Willie and likes, or Rockin and Shepherd and a lot of other guys. And now, this is the product of what, for this is his team. Now, it can't play in Bobby Clark or anybody else. This is Brian Marie's team. This is what he's been put together. Hard garbage gold tending. No offense. A defense that has become as force-assistive. You basically got a 20 guys out there who stand around and watch the other team play. And I'm going to tell you, these next three games tonight and tomorrow and Monday. If this team doesn't find some miracle to turn around, it's going to be much worse than last year. Well, then yeah, I agree with you. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. Okay, they're playing tonight. Right. See you. We have an open line at Broward. Five, six, fine. Twenty one. Two. Right. Where you got it. Four. Six. Two. Eight. Eight. This is Randy West. And as for our phone conversation, I talk to Peter North here today. He tells me you're real name with Neil Down. And he's still interested. The most explosive band in the sevenies is that here. Here's his flat here. Why then, Hunter? There's been great and they're coming your way. I wonder when they were here and all may be You were made by the best. I can hear you coming. My hearing may be soon. What a watchy-c-all night. They've been cast every day. I wonder what they've brought and tell them that. But if you don't have a recant. The hottest band of the 70s. She is. Coming soon. Do you know what folks over here you? I can't hear you. My hearing may be soon. It's $1.45 at $5.60. WKW and the World Famous and Goldberg Show with two-way got Jim Mandage. Yeah. Stick to the way to talk to that. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. Anyway, the other one is no one. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. Yes, sir. I was talking to George just as I was going to get home. He said, wait a second. I was talking to him about the additional home, sir. I'm going to talk to his direction. He said, I'm going to talk to him about the additional home, sir. He said, sir. The whole thing in amendment to the state constitution, a sector of January 1, to authorize and register to allow counties. I mean, this is how he's been in additional home, sir. He said, sir, the government's already exceeding 25,000 dollars. He's been practicing 65 years of age or older, and household income has not exceeded specified amounts. Or kids they are necessary, more to these people live in these kind of families where value of a condo is like 60 or 70,000 dollars. So, they get 60,000 dollars in a lifetime. And that's enough. And it's not at all off. I'm sure you'll accept these. Your registered stipulation. Yes? It's been retired people. people. No question about all over the one. I don't know all of the country but here we got the lots of all parts of a lot of money. I mean it's incredible. How about I mean what about gibberish, additional parts of the country? How come we, how come we don't have, I've always said this for years. How come we don't have discounts for young people for students for a high school of college students. Guys that are trying to work the way through college. How come when you get to be a certain age all of a sudden you've got to AARP, you've sent it all kinds of mail on coupons for discounts. Here's what you're a little bit certain. I mean I can't understand why why can't we base it on your income? Not on how old you are. Hi great. Are you people who get to search people? People who just count people, people who don't know. Yeah. It's unbelievable. I mean if I want to give a discount on that, it's blossoming back. I had no problem with that. Okay maybe do now I'll send the watch it over the card and not tell you the depends. That's fine. Or to stop at a bad. It's unbelievable. All right we'd like to find them all a free meal at pizza loft so they can go down there and fill up that clock. Okay, have a great day for. That's a good idea. Maybe you have to come and give them discounts for people under 65. That's a good idea for some more enterprise and people are there. Try to even it out a little bit. People I don't want to have a bunch of blue hairs coming in a sea of blue hair. Oh my god, this is too cold. Take it down. It wasn't any kid. I don't want it. This is after the 85% of them. They don't want to pay for it. I'm trying to get back. How many restaurants? How is comfort next to them by the way? How many restaurants and how many restaurants? How many restaurants change have been put out of business by these smart me old blue hairs in this town in the 20 years that I've been here. comfort next. They stole the food. They stole their silverware. They stole the linen. They stole airbie at the pickles and a coal swath. They didn't mind a little blue hair in the coal swath when I got to the scooped it out of their bag when I got at home. And then when you're coming the food, you know, the difference. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, the new. Yes, sir. You got how you doing? Okay. I'm counting here because I'm pissed off and fired up. I'm going to meet pissed off and fired up. All this ghetto. Maybe I should move it to the ghetto to arrive at some thanks and get away with it. Yeah. Yeah, you know, also. I want to talk to you. Remember a couple calls. I actually was a couple days ago. They were talking from guy caught about throwing rats or something on the pan to dice. Yeah. All we get a camping go into it. Those some players on the ice instead. Okay, there you go. Sounds good to me. Let's throw Robin. Huh? Number 44. There we go. There he goes again. Like a rag doll up and down and back and forth. Nice going. Sounds good. I do it. And maybe maybe have a coach or general manager. Yeah. From the upper deck, they're way down. General manager and they're going to vote. They're way up their high. Oh, sorry. They just fell over to God damn where I said a little patient. Open on and date County 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. As we've perilously approached the end of the week. You know, this is a miracle for me because it doesn't seem with all like Friday to me. You notice I I don't think I only played that thing once that it because they keep forgetting to huh? Doesn't seem like it's Friday, God damn it. Just today. No. We got that thing that's a bit in Jerry's tomorrow. So I guess maybe, you know, it doesn't seem like the weekend is quite here yet. And of course top of the park is got that the new thing. I would have bit your outs and I'd again for the 100 time. I won't do any good. Where there's no sense there's no feeling. They did a spit all of this money. They got the new dining room with a new menu and all the fancy fancy gourmet food and what do I know about it? She sends me a press release that I can't make heads nor tails up. I don't want to get off on it again because I'll go way back. You know, you've heard it too many times here. You're sick and tired of it. And so am I. You try to do a job for people. Hey, just give me a little something. Just give me something to stick my stick my teeth into something I can't work with. Something to get some people out there and do a job for you. And they say, no, what's wrong with you? What do you want? What are your bothering me? Okay, sorry. I just thought you were trying to do business. No. Okay. And how do I say that? What do you need? Three four. Oh, that's not bad. Huh, I need to see in her normal, by the way. Oh, I'm gagging on something and I've even spoken with a story. They're bomb guys. He got his punishing me. That's right. Oh, come on. I'm upset about that kid that called you about this crap for Carlos and Tom Lebase. How about Tim, my hey, you like him or rhymes with Lebase? Is that like or? Hey. Oh, God, we're both getting. Yeah. He's up in the near. Must be the poison guys. Come on, dude. Oh, gee. I knew you was doing something the other room. Yeah, George, I'll see you in the other answer for the event. And Tom Lebase. People like, you know, you can't do one of these people like me. And those are the solid bunch of bullcraft. And then start looking for other religions. Okay. And, you know, even even people want to join an atheist organization. Like I think I was reading about the other day that will fart. He's a good guy with his secular human is organizing for what? What does he need organization for? Like we don't believe any of this crap. Okay. So let's start an organization. For what? Just say we don't believe in any of this crap. That would be, that would be like opening up the entire restaurant where there's this don't serve any food. Yeah. For yeah, you just charge people to come in and not eat. Four minutes to eat. Two, eight, eight. The Neil Roger show, what a day. Oh, bro. It's the one to two hours. Oh, you're a atheist. Completely rooted in science. So with no belief, so side of what you can see with your own two eyes. Well, Ben, chances are that the old testament didn't do it for you. And neither did the view. So with the Lord's final attempt to break your story as around, check out the latest book from God entitled screw you to you. And great, full little bastard. Start off in chapter one with who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house last week? And then move on to such later chapters as step of side by there you were. And drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhoids will never go away. It's screw you to you on grateful little bastard. So later for least from God, it's better than the book of Mormon, better than the Torah. And the Bible combined by yours. One or two, five, six, six, two, eight. And we're supposed to turn the past, the beasty boys over there in the Naples saying that I put them on the map, I felt like a bunch of crap. Me, I didn't get much respect. First we come out of the door and the yellow wags over there. Did we get anything? Did we begin in that? Two open lines to date counting five, six, seven, five, six, three, five, six, six, the unremobile one line. I mean, we had the, you know, it kind of calls today. That's great, but in terms of really be sliding all the time. I took the read that stuff out of this book, Frozen John, the criminals who play in the NFL and it's stuff about Charles Jordan, MMR Thomas, and Julie Johnson. That stuff that affects what you're in town. No, I'm not going to have to say it's that first jackass, what did you mean to speak to you yet about this? Oh, these four guys come out of the ghetto. You know, he's the same guy by the way, that that's when they had the scandals about money, high. Oh, it's outrageous that these four kids are going to be penalized because of the awesome thing that's way worth. When you attend a corrupt institution, a school of survival in every day and rule in the book, they're going to have to unfortunately, pay the price. Would you get it or not? That's just the way you have the real world worth. It happens for colleges all of time, pal. All the time. Here's David, hello. Hello, I'm the real. Yes, sir. You know, I don't like to generalize, but I'm not a person. I'm not a person. If I'm most people of that, is that their representative said, I think it's kind of a way to what you're talking about. It seems that people think they're opinion based upon what happens by the seven out of people. I think one of the reporters that they're meant someone's fucking thousands killed his wife, Pity Ducacas, but he's the same one. I can't even mind if we continue to more than, but it was very hard to be honest. So it's very clear, ridiculous. I think people made to say their opinion, as it seems, we're happening to them and not the opposite. But yes, you have to find that I'm part of the real brief, part of my discussion about here. We and a hotly deemed security. I got great seats. I had a little minor complaint about the ambiance and there's some other things they were doing, a big complaint about the noise, but once they straightened up. So I don't have to stand up for other people, but if you only look through at life through my optic eye, and you only see things as they affect you, then all that doesn't make you stupid and selfish. Absolutely, no. And have a great day. Good old man. I don't want to force people alike the old SS, stupid and selfish. One line. There's a lady in Miami, hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, me, I think we're sending you a shout that it has two days. And I'm wondering, why do you have so many bad things to say about making noise? You know something? This is really sad. This is very sad. This is the best you can do. No, no, it's not sad. I'm on the fire. Yeah, okay, good. Because like, I'm going to put him on here. See, I need to break his head. The purpose of the show isn't to revitalize taking to where I'm not interested in you, Mickey. Swip him in the Mickey, okay? I could have let him go on here. And we would have had a big excuse of like a goal or get on the deco drive on those shows, okay? We don't talk about Mickey. What we're not interested in Mickey work. And you know what? He was anybody else here. How do you like that? Trying to use the Neil Rogers, right? I don't come from a place where somebody says, oh my god, I'm going to walk away. Okay, I don't know. Maybe you're coming from planet. Yeah, I'm from Uranus. Okay, get out of here. So Mickey works with me in the show. How do you like that? I don't know what we're having a tour and like you're in the station today. He's got his girlfriend, his wife, or maybe both on the phone there. And they're trying to... I got news for it, pal. We'll only show everybody. We talked about a couple of people. My good post-fread algal scene was a real proverb like me. And Steve Bauer, aka Rocky H. Itsibaria, who's one of our people. He's one of Georgia's people. He's one of my people. He's a joy. He's a human. And he used to look pretty good too. And by the way, I see him there on K-POT to USA. I'm channeled too on women. All over the place. Don't see Mickey no more anybody see him? No, no. Dead meat. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Mr. I got an anger management story to tell you. I got a... I just got a 44 years old jump on my 17 year old kid, put a whip on my kid and I hear dad dad help and I run out there and he'll beat all my kids to get my wife at the same time. Well, they're on the ground, roughly. So when I did with a stick, not know what was going on. He told the 94 he was going kill us and after we were dead, he was going to eff us up the record. So I went ran out there, you know, so helping back to kind of like with a stick. They put me in jail, charging with aggravated battery with an entity great polyharm. Probably just figure or murder. Yeah. So they say, like long for a short, I already pleaded Kate Delt. I went had to go to Anchorman's for class. Don't work because he was a dude again. I've like a bath with a stick again. Mickey roll, you're doing that. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, right. There you go. Mickey you're a juice bag. That's what our caller said. We just took a poll and we have 100% surveys. The 100% of our audience has Mickey workers to do spag. Those are having opinions and 99% don't know who that is. We have an open line in Broward. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the mobile one. I'm going to write that my diarrhea when I go home. Here's diarrhea. Mickey work called me today. No. Yeah, he did. Somebody had sounded just like, oh, that was him. I was no Don Johnson. I was he's what does the Mickey. Dave Joseph by the way, not a bad column for you, Dave. Most of it's stolen from the show by the way. Dave Joseph Panthers sequel becoming a bad rerun and he rips him a good ass. Nice going there. Dave, I like I said most of it's stolen from me. But anyway, a minute after one and five. 8L is for you. I'm for the drug deal. I'm going to do one or have it enjoyed. I want to go back to our library. Well, they have no backyards in New York. Oh, God. We have two open lines in Dave. Pomp is a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Okay, I was talking to you too. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I kind of wanted to mention one thing, Lincoln, some things to get out from earlier and for him. I think education is key to things that he can take a big corporation, dump some funds into a back part of the city to build a school, like our charter school. Problem is that you have to get lots of other corporations doing the same things. Or they keep that happening. Um, our fourth thing to our main problem is and hopefully we can find a way to get around that. So we're not going to find a way to get around because nobody cares about it. It's not a priority. And that's all lip service. You know, Clinton talks all about education. We're going to have 100,000 new teachers and Bush and McCarris, agreement about education. But it's not a priority. I mean, the public has voted this back and allowed their kids to continue getting a half-life education and allow a literate, superintendents and principals to run schools. Who can't even speak proper English and have no idea what they couldn't add the two and two if they're live is dependent on it. And they just goes on. That's all there. There's no interest. Unfortunately, I think that the interest is more and keeping sports teams around the middle of the city. And starting to get a little bit warmer pal, we gotta keep the franchises. We can't lose our franchises. We have to build a new stadium on every street corner, a new arena on every street corner. And we have to continue subsidizing this because this is the important stuff. Now you're getting warm. How many schools could provide counties built with two or three more hymbrun? Yeah, right. I know. If you really have to direct the deal with you can do it, but there seems like when I entered it and that. You got it. All right. Now, I have to put how many schools to win a bill for a sub-run to win a tournament? I have a great day, pal. Okay, man. Okay, day lines roll. But I guess they did their duty for it. They've been actually pretty much almost involved for a change. That's unusual. Five-some-one line. Hank will be here with two. We got managed at six and the panthers and a black-clops in Chicago. Anybody excited about that? Nobody fired up and uh, low. I doubt it. Could be real ugly again, better not big because if this trend continues here, you know that brand new arena he's talking about, we could have a lot of elbow-wrawn. Those of you screaming about your so small baby neurocytes, you may be able to do that somewhere we want pretty soon. It keeps up like this. Here's a mobile and high-alien. Hello. Neal? Yes, sir. You know, I think you're way off based with this uh, you know, this both pros and cons. Yeah. Now these are pretty much isolated incidents. You know, the... My father is an incident that 21% of the players in the national football league are convicted films. Listen, these guys do come from the ghetto. They do have rough lives. They need to secure. They isolated incidents over and over again. And no matter how many times they do it like the Mar Thomas, the coach is long as they can play, looks the other way. That's an isolated incident. Well, maybe they need to see a good priest. Yeah, okay. Great. There you go. See, try just another large Ojo on provocative tour. No material. Because you see, you can't mess with these people. I'd have this juxtapointality. I'm never going to change them. There, this is their life. Don't you understand? This is the only thing that counts. It's the only thing that's important. And so they can rationalize anything. If one of the players from the dolphins came to their door right now, they went on a plane of Buffalo, Rubin Halley, if they came to their right now and spitting their face and stole some out of their guy dim, uh, living room. Well, you know, uh, times or times are tough. They're confused. They're in a lot of stress. They will rationalize anything away for their heroes because they're the ones who make them feel better about themselves. Just like this college football craft. And boy, that's exactly what it is. My score, it's like that song with both of our nine. My religion's better than my score better than your, you know, we're going to kick your ass. You know, Jojo and Florida. What's your, uh, who's bunch of crackers? What's your, uh, redneck? Go to kick your ass. Yeah, and then one. What is that prove? Is it prove anything? No, okay. Two open lines in the day. But that call I had years ago and I dumped it. Today I wouldn't dump it. Guys from a U of N, the kid that called in very articulate white student from the U of N, which is unusual. I realize our ticket from U of N, so I see more. And he was talking about U M football and back in those days, of course, they were kicking ass and winning all their games. And he said, well, you know, we can't help, but we got the big nids. And I dumped it back said, I wouldn't dump it today because I mean, it speaks for itself. We all were exposed to the n word, nigger, which you're not supposed to say, but n word we had to say because we can't say nigger. And, you know, during the OJ trial for two years. So now we could write a go. See, and it makes no difference. The people who are the so-called fans, they don't care about who these people are. As long as they can play well, they don't want to live in their neighborhood. So that's for damn sure. There are plenty of people playing on a hurt coolings and I'm with all friends today that many of the people in our audience would now want to have them live in next door out here in Tia. No matter how fancy the house they built or when have you, they don't want them in their hood. But so long as they can play well out there, that's all accounts because then they make them feel better about themselves. We won, word number one, we as just somehow they got something to do with it. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Yes sir. Okay, they call me back at a real phone, your phone's stepping out. 5 6 7 0 5 6 he's<|th|> 5 6 the animal mobile one line. Mobile in West prom Beach, hello. Hey, me and how are you? Okay sir. Yeah, I'm glad you're showing a shed in some way that the user's play is the NFL because you know, I don't want to support these guys that that I don't feel are living a decent life. You know, I'm, I just sit in, you know, well, what is that? I'm not talking about living a decent life. I don't care how they live their lives. But when they're, when they're violent and when they're beaten up women and when they're raping and you never let me know what else they're doing. Said that's gotten, that's not just the court of leading a decent life. It's the question of being a criminal. Exactly. You know, you're talking about littered up leave state. I just, I'm a voter and you realize there's absolutely no beat that you can land on in South Florida on a boat because of all the, uh, the white guys and all the cramps that they put out there. Yeah. Yesterday was a feeling kind of tired and I want to go sit down by the side of the ocean and just kind of relax for a few minutes and I pulled over and, um, and uh, a boat guy area and, uh, just walked up to the ocean and sat down and rock and was just hitting that kind of enjoying the scenery. All of us with little starts going on. Yeah. Yeah. I turned around. Like, what's that? And it was a life start yelling at me to get off the rock. Now, I think it was life start to do one, how to get your rock stuff. I think the other's life current. Okay. Yeah. Don't do it again. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560 at a mobile one line. Here's my me, sure. It's all right. My me, sure. I'm sure. May have been listening to you for 23 years and you are great and I want to wish you a happy Halloween and a four year lifters. You know why the Wichdon have it. He's your list. Okay. We have an open line in days 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. As we continue plotting along, sifting to the red, sifting to the old smug and the old goddamn blue here and a sea of naval and whatever it is, to jam. Wow. Here's a mobile in their field beach, shall I? Hi, Neil Harrier. Okay, sir. Well, I'm on my way doing a business run up the West Palm Beach and maybe I'm just going to keep heading north today. Yeah. It's just been one of those. You know, I just can't take this out for any more. Meaning what? Meaning these people, these old people are just making me crazy. Okay. We have an old ensemble like an asshole, Mitch, the mayor. We have an open line in Broward, 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and a mobile one line. Several like one of the eocronic mists. They also, after a while, they all sound like the same person. Maybe they are. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. All this about news, stadiums and everything. It almost feels like goes back to when I think the threat is to move the panthers and the whole battle with his thing and Harrison. And everything's then. All you see in the news is, well, it's on the ballot for a new one. He's stadium for this football. He didn't start here to go on for years. The idea that even the TV in New York someday must have a major esteemed and all four majors for it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't make any sense. They can't support it. Just like a 500 or 700 people in Broward. In Greenburg, you have a nice. 5600 people in what's there there. Well, two more points. Did you watch the same Lewis Detroit game last night? No. I would be good game. And although I'm looking forward to the panthers games tonight, so they can break the need of Myers knows again and he'll be out for the year. OK. He's not there. He has something there. Something to think about. There's nothing to think about that. That's what might get him out of line up. Because no matter what, it's interesting no matter how badly he plays. He guys worse and worse and worse. And worse. All we get our stories and excuses today. Ever since his last time on the bench. No, they've even been talking about that. No. No. All what you know, it's back to that concussion last year in Lundra. So maybe when coming, instead of in Chicago again, or maybe this year when the guys are all pedimentant, the big is always so much to use. And then he says, all the one fine, I just need to motivate my coach to get to do it. Now he's fine. When they were going to trade his access to Rural, thank God. Then he was having headaches. Said he wasn't 100% and the headaches were coming back. Because he was too much of a pussy to leave him. And go to a place where they really know hockey. I'm telling you, I guarantee you right now, if he would have that trade to go to gone through, we'd be in better shape because we'd have feelings pop in. We'd have a real go in. That's what should be good for us. But even now, just a few weeks later, he'd be sitting up there on Young Street in Jowaw, sitting under eight, one of those stores. There's some change, Mr. That's what he would be doing. And he looked down and there would be a little guy from medicine hand. Well, big guy now. Roddy need him out. There's a check. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Have a nice day anyway. 1, 26 at 5, 60, W, 26, 2, 8, 8 out. A clinic where 80 calls from men. Can't get a strike. Can you do celebrity interviews? No, okay. Hank, I'll be here at 2 o'clock. We got a good man that's the man that's just late tonight. I know. I never got a real, real interesting performance this evening. It had a part to pregame. A 30, hands are at Chicago to play a thing. Not only is the good, he's quite hard. So our duty again is here, but they're not too good. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. You know, yes or no, for me. I'm sure no. Uh, generally. I wanted to let you know that I was in Toronto on my neck. I had my first team at the garden. Sorry, I had a two-back game. That was pretty weird. Well, I've got to tell you those days. The eight-week school tour was on fire. The eight-week pretty well. I mean, I don't think so. I didn't think so. No? It played well off for five minutes and after that, the thing was roll of them like things are on the way. Yeah, I took it back to... I had a worst-time-to-going this year. I had a lunar plate grade right here. Yeah. I sat these Saturdays and they had phone persons by playing good on Monday. Yeah. I was going to say that that facility is not the most attractive place. I mean, compared to what we have, like, you know, the attic here and there. Oh, it's not that anyone's good to you, but as far as the ambiance in there, it's 50. It's a million times more than this to an order. You don't know what the person is. Yeah, and it is the end. It's just an honor. Yeah. I think about that. And it is in which you know that when the game started, everybody was in their seat. And the wall of the room was going down. They were sitting in the pain-offensive, the game, by the reference and between periods. And when the second period started, they were all back in their seat. Absolutely right. I know that in the afternoon, pretty while the game was going on. No question. That was a great experience. I could finally, no. Okay, glad you're in the good time. That's a lot to baby. I'm still February 20th and next year. And then again, we got to have a new arena because we got to have more money in the least spot the ratchets. They're going to make more money than God. And they got to stop playing in Maple Leaf Gardens because no more. There's no more of that. See, as the old stadiums in the old arena go down the tubes and by the way, sides. Not necessarily because they're falling apart or because they're just that they can't make enough money. Because it's an endless demand. How much? When I started hearing people saying, well, they're all Michael Jordan. He's worth 80 million a year for the peace from what? Well, based on how much revenue we can generate. Well, lots of revenue, go to somebody else. Okay. He don't need 50 million a year. He don't need 80 million a year. And the mic pi I said, don't need 13 million dollars a year. I bet you could scrape by on 10. Come on. I don't know. Let me ask you, you people out there to do it. Is there anybody out there in the audience that's scrape by a nine 10 million year? Oh, I didn't think so. I realized the amount of where I was six. So you're a certain, if I could, if I could get that much money for one year, 13 million a year. Trust me, if I listen to it, what's the 60 percent of that? 720, 7.8 million. So I'd save 7 million of it and then I quit. What's wrong with that? Bet to have a million dollars a year just on the interest of rest of your life. So you need more? Do I need more? No. No. I think I could somehow scrape by on that. I'd have to lower my presence, David. Here's the mimey lake. So long. Yeah. It's almost up to guilty. Yes, sir. Speaking of guilty, I gotta tell you I'd guilty, sir. Okay. I tried to work with my wife, start to play Howard on. So many of you started getting too raw and she cheated to the ground and put on some chat. What's he shaving the crotch again? Well, he was doing just the, you know, the pouches and the parts and everything. And she can't stand her. Yeah. Like that. Oh, he's doing belches and parts on that show now? What other thing? Yeah. Yeah. So she puts jazz on, I says listen. What we have to compromise. Let me put on the first thing. Oh, boy. She listens to gold, these boys. You know what she is? She turns out. She put Howard right back. Yeah. I'll let him sit there. Let me tell you, why do you think Howard's going to the roof of the ice? Well, all the people who are here to work, they hear that voice. They immediately punch back over to Howard. He had to probably the biggest book he ever had in this market because goldings on it. Well, I wanted to get a hear what? Okay. So we have an open line today. He just got to understand. He's got the pictures. Go to understand. Of the busy brothers, red, red and a moose. I mean, you know, I, I don't want to inferring on anybody else's ability to earn a living. Okay. So I'm driving a work on those verification when I can listen. And as soon as they get into either the gate or some other thing that I have no interest in, my music goes in the CD player. But when I hear guilty doing live commercials. And this is the truth. I'm not exaggerating. At that point, I want to start the car, pull over to side of the road. Part the car, get out of the car, sit down on the road and just start listening. And that is no lie. That is no exaggeration. You know what I mean? That would be like Lenny. Lenny, not too good just those tags on here because there's nobody else on the CD through lazy and too absent all the time to be doing that, which he ought to be doing. So we got to know we to do it. So it would be like a little Lenny over there. Maybe into a superstar, by the way. Like can't do it. Yeah, him. To win live's fun. Me, me, me, me, me. All right. That would be like me, but I'm sorry, Lenny. I apologize. I'm not a Robert the grim creeper. To win either Nian's fine. Hey. That buying 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9. How much are all that? For 29, 9, 9. How many of these are nice people? They just can't speak. And I think you started a little bit a little bit pushy. When you expect people to be on this station, doing live endorsements, private advisers who want to spend a lot of money and get results. They expect somebody to be able to speak. I was wrongly. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. I got to start out with a traffic report. 95. Just out of a four-field Boulevard. I've been in just traffic, stopping go for about a half hour and a half a dozen anywhere. You know that I once moved out of four-field Boulevard, but I worked at W.J. No business a second experience. Four-field Boulevard. It's a nightmare. You know what, you know what, you know what, you know what, you know what, you're quick to admit. You know, maybe you need to work playing golf. Yeah, that's true. Let's get it back on there. Let's sign them up. You know, he's not doing anything else. If I let's just strap him up in the net sounds good to me, we'll need to uniform. Just strap him right up. You don't even need a mile. Even big guy. Put him in. Okay. So this is just, I mean, when I saw the fenceman actually turning the wrong way. Yeah. Where's he turning the rear? You know, he went in. You don't understand. It's a new arena. They're lost. They're used to going the other way. No matter what I do, they're used to skating the other direction. They need a compass at a road map. I think if you see that, I don't know if they're there. I saw it. I mean, did I see it? I saw it. I was screaming at it and haven't raped it. I found it on. First folks either going to be in Chicago, then they're going to be in, where is it on? How will we know if they're going to be in Jersey? How the foot is in Jersey. And then the owners are money. Then back home for the Black Cross-Tex ones, they I can't wait. I cannot wait for that night. This is in my now. The Black Cross-Tex. I'm going to do the European with the White Cross-Tex. We're so far. I'm going to put a minute of the European and take a look at the foot. Thank you for being the Great Chase. And then it's looking like, see, actually, you're always in the tree. So we know it was in the tree. It was like, the trees are great. So I got used to our Vancouver and tree. They didn't even have their best care for our boy and his parents. They do have mercy on the guilty. But I was in that picture and great. No one's saying good in the net. So they're not great. And then they just made it just about as bad as the forest. This is in Jersey. This is the very early time to say the lack of power. Because it's the team that's in the woods. Our patty movie. Maybe if she wasn't that much an actor, we had two day in the Washington State. If you'll bring patty movie and she can do the DMM and it's on the set. So I brought you my... ...60, a, eight, a. Let's go over to my Jerry Sarner. He's a, he's not improving. He just brings down more crap as all you guys. There's just crap everywhere when you walk in this room. Right. I thought I had him like straight now a little bit as far as giving me some real coffee. And I realized I'm looking at this stuff. And it's garbage. Just wrecked. You just keep your right and the same stuff and putting it on different sides. Pately different size typewriters or whatever. Like that other thing, you brought me down here this morning. Jerry, you're still a pro-zool. Can you still go on anything about coffee? You may write, well, business and all the other sales people in the market put together. You're still known nothing about a piece of coffee. And giving us anything. You're, uh, hopefully. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. You know, I'm on the key and he went this weekend. What is that sir? Your sign safe on a, where the sign safe. Where the sign safe. We have a fact. Thanks. Yeah. I know the sign safe. I would down there. Some boring just. Yes. There's so much to eat. Yeah. Well, we have a good time. Okay. I'm going to drive. We have a open line in five, five, six, seven, five. Here's Miami. Hello. There you go. Yes sir. Are you talking really about speaking? How is, uh, with, with, uh, college and professional athletes that you, uh, look for some of their interviews? Yes. I mean, I'm, uh, I'm going to insamate it. Yeah. Well, you're honestly. Well, that's, that's something that's got to be fore talking about. I got to have a degree. What business make one of the degrees in basketball, or whatever it is, uh, you know, I'm going to school back when we're doing the same thing. A white show on. But you can say they're all going to be a literate. More on. Well, you will be able to have a lot of textbook most of it. Well, it just seems like there's a lot of people who can't take it. It's in mother going to class. Yes. They're children of gangsters, and I'm thinking, why don't they have their own gang to lead and do right in the movie, but for it's right to the death. Yeah. There you go. Well, we're working on it. In fact, they extreme football. I have this guy's got an idea. Right there's stuff in go over to bigger ratings. They're way down and by running by. It's all just their way down. Because those are the games are real boring. Terminal. Call my inducing. Oh, you can't say that. Okay, won't say it. For how it a good time. Like I said before, the whole thing is just keep convincing yourselves. You have it a great time. This is great. Like the other side, the panther game near the night. I kept saying, nah, this is dynamite. Where we be going? Let's go to a course for you. Tell us. Any on A deal. Okay, sir. Am I a team of choir, Kate? But I kind of like making work. I mean, you made some pretty cool movie. Yeah, good. I'm happy for him. Anyway, tomorrow you're going to be a volunteer at 12. Yeah. You're going to be going to costume, where do you encourage them? How do we know that? How do we know is a major major answer? Do you know where we knew that? We have an open line at Broward. 560560 Power 560. I think you just do out of time. You hear that? 55560 WTA. We got a high-con of the two-climb. We got 46,527 more times. That's it from the earlier in the week. The beginning of the week. We got about 50% of one off to a good start in the month of October. We got no better days than we did. And we'll be at Ben and Jerry's Navinsure at noon to two tomorrow. With our best in Neil parts one and two CDs and cassettes. The t-shirts and all of our DNA-stu-no-harm stickers and portals all kinds of good crafts. Oh yeah. And in fact maybe we can even talk to our ghost. Maybe we can even get our good friend and Tom LeVeta come by. We want him to come by. No. I think we'll fast. I am so sorry that that's it. You think there's a little bit of hope there. You know what I'm saying? I'm one of your DNAs. People are great. Okay. Very simple. Oh, but you ever heard about what you think of Anton LeVeta? First of all, I didn't know who he was. And I'm sorry that you gave me this magazine. Because crew magazine unfortunately is. I mean you know for Joe it's okay. For guys who will really be desperate. Look at that. I mean she's got gigantic hooters which do not real and her post is oh my god. What a post. Let's go to a Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, you know. I've been at here for so long. Hey, what's going on? Hey, Neil. I want to ask you a question out there. I'll tell you this little short story. So just don't click the up and out you're running to call the quick. But I was over at that final division FIU. Yes. And I want you to use the pay point. I mean it's a really sexy off the off. I go over to talk on the phone and there's a guy talking English. And then when I come walking by you know I'm obviously. He did quite a switch of rules. Yeah. I'm not going to come at him. And you are. He's not talking first generation second generation. He's talking third and fourth generation. I understand. So I have a high-up. I think I'm talking kids at power 96. These are kids who are like 19, 20 years old. And they're in the elevator. They're talking Spanish. Then they lie about it. But we're saying they were speaking English. I heard them in the shaft okay. So you know why the way they're not going to worry about it. I wouldn't touch you to one of them with somebody else's hand. But anyway yes. Hey, you know we've got to do. You've got to everyone's in a while. Throw a little yiddish in there for stage. Yeah. Tell them the cock's a hoist right. Hey, you know. Pushman told us. Yeah. Hey, you know. Just two things off. Come and do. Yes. A pretty big act there. I appreciate your show. Really good. Yes. I'm also and go show that guy. Jordan in my voice. I'm a little bit more. Hi, Neil. Thank you once again for another week of provocative entertainment. And I have a WQM. Signal fiery fort. Three days a week I drive up and go and glaze. About 10 pro pro and 441 and you're coming in loud and clear. Learn clear. That's not an hour ago. I'm 441. Yes. Who the hell am I? God. Maybe we can afford to pay the whole luxury fill this month. Well, I figured maybe that's where George is phone is went. Or else the bird crashed the other side of the ante. And he didn't really do what they do. They only pay about 70% of the electric pillar everyone because this company is real slow on pay. So they only allow 70% of our signal coverage which leaves out most of the 441. Well, I do that too. Only three quarters of my house lights up. Exactly. And Neil, and closing full pod, garage mic, and retired out. Get a light. Okay. Here's my email. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. I want to mention about some political information I was receiving through a mail here. Yes. And I'm sure they say this like vote yes on amendment three because it provides an extra $25,000 tax exemption for the way we're going to hear the conference. All parts right. Over 65. Are you over 65? I'm all most. But I'm going to vote against it. Here's the reason. Yes. I feel that it's going to put a heavy tax burden on people who are younger than 65 through themselves. They're hard out. Absolutely. Correct. And I feel it's being unfair of violence. You've got to say, when you've got all these millionaires, let's do it by income and not by age. Okay. No more age discrimination in Florida. If you can afford to pay, pay off that's all. And if you can make it millions of dollars, you've got millions of it back. No more social security. Stop training this country, drow these damage pastes. And here's the other thing. Then they say vote yes on on revision seven. Yeah. For the court state for fuck the court system. But now the question is here. I had is number one. They don't mention that they'd also open the door for your judges to be appointed. In other words, be political hack. Yeah. I'm full to be elected. Well, like I said, just say no. Like Nancy said, thank you. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Neil Gray-Cow. I will quickly hear this thing about it. Stainings and arenas. Back when the daytime in government was run out of the civic center, they had the daytime in Master Plan. And it probably stayed. You get walk right up and look at it. Right. And something moved over the government center, which is 10 years ago now, they never put the map back up. So I was using big planning decisions that are being made. And there is no place where a public person could just walk up and take a look at the Master Plan of day counting. There's a reason to take a complaint about it because there isn't any right. Well, it's exactly true, but they have a line. Maybe they have a meeting down there with all those assholes from the Harold Brothers Graham. And maybe the nine group has got the master plan in a room closet somewhere. And they're like all working out of behind the scenes and the plan too. They're working on it. So let me just ask you this in closing from what's been a pretty good week here. Generally speaking, especially when the phone works with his didn't one day. Well, Greg's been out of the house had a cold and the program director's on vacation. But anyway, it's been okay. It's had its moments. But let me just ask you this to pond. I don't forget Ben and Jerry tomorrow by the way, no one to two. But think about this over the weekend. Okay, when I first came here 23 years ago, this city had Miami Stadium with a little baby or else. And we had the orange bull. That was it. There were no other I mean there was a lot car, but there was no like other big, glitchy stadiums. Arrhenas, there was no nothing. Is this time better or worse today, 23 years later, with the stadiums and the Arrhenas and the American airlock? No. There you go. Have a nice life.