Welcome. I'm a figure out, promenade halls, now released of all our guys' halls. Now with the baby going up with the band, dancing to the dance and the dirty square dance. Don't sit still, I reckon. I'm sat down. Oh, right. I'm so proud of being a great pride, but dangerous. Alright, 10-02 at 5-60, WQN, happy Friday to you. Oh, man. I don't want to start off your Friday on a negative note, George. I've been holding back. I didn't pay to this all morning until now. Last night at the new macarina. God, do I love that place or what? But it anyway, so before the game, someone, I don't want to tell you who it was that said this, but I'll let you guess after I tell you what it was. They were commissarating with me about what a brutal week it's been on the show. And about the lack of phone calls and the bozos and what a horse ball week it's been. And as if I need to know that. And this particular person theorized that the reason for that being was that last week when I was on vacation and you did the show that the overwhelming majority of the audience vanished. And then when I came back on Monday, the only people who were left with the people who liked the show that you did last week. And as a result, they were calling in ping on your leg. And it's going to take days, weeks for the audience to come back. Of course, I don't believe that. But I just thought I passed that long and let you guess as to who said that. Not my good, close personal friendship. There you go, excellent guests. How'd you guess that? Well, I think we need to do three hockey shows in a row to get that audience back. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That you know something I blew it if it's Tuesday, two yesterday. If I would have just threatened to put Rimmer on the air with hockey shows, these phones would have rang out the guy damn hook. I guarantee you that. Am I right? You bet your sweet ass. Yes, the Rimmer said a little on a week side is what he said. George tastes the whole audience away. Anybody believe that? Oh, remember, believe it. Yeah, we had a good time. I was not for one period, which is enough for an exhibition to scan. Had a great time. Was there a game going on at the same time? No, not that, not that I noticed. Oh, by the way, don't tell anybody at this run, Sentinel. You know, I realized this is nith picking, but it just had to class a good example of the two great newspapers. We haven't just found it always making just grotesque, glaring mistakes. I'm reading about the, you know, the Panthers want to balloon two to one, which when we left after one period, there was no scoring rightfully. So, although the Panthers had a lot of shots. 49 shots in that game last night. They looked okay. Considering. But in any way, I'm looking at a summary here in the Scom Sentinel and it shows a goal for the Panthers in a first period. And then it says first period, Florida Murphy from Coslaw 1041. And I'm thinking to myself, I mean, was it that boring that I really missed a goal? I mean, it was no score at the end of a period that according to the Sun Sentinel was one thing. And then in the story, it says about how great Trevor, kid played in goal for Carolina. It says with the exception of a good Murphy goal midway through the second period. Trevor, kid close the door, but on the summer, he chose the score in the first period. So just a little bit of a mistake, Panthers lose no overtime to one of the Miniel's exhibition game. But we had a pretty good crowd there for next edition of this game last night, don't you think? I think so. We had about 9, 10,000 people. Even though it says 16,000 in the paper, which of course those are tickets sold again. Get used to that means nothing. But for next edition of this game, I'll tell you who looked good last night. I got all my notes, which we'll get into eventually. But in the meantime, we're going to be doing our first 101 appearance. And the sandwich jam was in here today. How do you like that? Oh, he's got to do something. Oh, yeah, he's bored. By the way, thanks to the Panthers for my great Panthers jersey. This is the third jersey, by the way, that they're wearing the brand-new third jersey. And it got one with my name, Rogers number 98 on the back. Which I don't know what the significance of that is, except maybe the year. Is that what that is? And everybody seemed to be real happy, can't push to me. I didn't see anybody grumbling or mumbling or bitching or belly. I mean, certainly there are some problems. And I'll talk about some of those, which have more to do with hockey than the arena itself. Would they hockey on Beyonce and some of the things that were done. When they built that arena, it was done with plushness and appearance and state of the art in mind. The hockey part of it, evidently, the hockey people didn't really have as much input as maybe they should have. Because there's some glaring deficiencies there, which I'll get into. But if we don't want to gully eight like those assholes that were coming a couple of days ago, they got to complete the seats are two narrow. And it's a, but most of the people, the one comment that they were making was isn't this and a higher, isn't even the guy we're saying that. Isn't this a pleasure that we don't have any panhandlers outside that we walk out of the parking lot right up the escalator, up the steps in the right of the building. And it's beautiful and fantastic, it's set of and so on. And, and you feel safe. What a concept. Oh my God. Yeah, it's supposed to be old Miami Arena, of course, which was in a smart, grotesque neighborhood. And you're just pretty that your car never broke down anywhere in that area. And then, of course, you had the the slippers there, the gypsies, the trampons and thieves, begging and the hassling on a way in, on the way out all over the guy down place. Not a very appetizing ambiance around the old arena. Not that bad inside, once you got inside with your life. And then, of course, once the value parking people smashed up your car a couple of times, if you're good, that wasn't probably a good idea either if you older arena. But the new maturina man, you park out there, especially if you got the fancy fancy reserve, whatever the hell I call that club parking. And you drive in there off of 136 Avenue, Panther Parkway. Although they do need to mark the entrances there, okay, they give you a sheet, they show you drive in the entrance five, one or six with this pet. There's no markings on in those things. They're just a bunch of people sitting out there and it says, oh, you can't come in here. Then they saw me drive, oh, yeah, you can come in here. Okay, and you're pulling there and you're parking at the fancy fancy parking. You go up the escalator and you're going to front door and you're there. And there's the place with all the merchandise and the shops and the restaurants and all these people milling around, everybody happy and everything sparkling and brand-spank and new and glitzzy and beautiful. And then instead of having a bunch of anti-emombs, they're waiting to let you in to the, you know, maybe the let's in wherever they feel like it. They got the turnstiles open already. They got a bunch of bright face, the punk stare and they take your ticket with a smile on their push. Although they were too happy to see me, I noticed, but nevertheless, and you walk right in and my section, you walk right in and there it is. And you go down two steps and you're in your, your ass is in your seat. Oh, God was that great. And then you got to take a leak, no problem at all. You walk right outside your section, you go about 10 feet, right there is the gigantic T room. There's men's room, then there's the ladies are, it's alternates every section. So you have to, you have to walk maybe 10 feet at most. And of course, the two rooms are gigantic. I heard drilling sounds and they were just kind of suspicious. Well, it was opening night, you know. But, um, gigantic humongous and clean and spanking, etc. And so on, in fact, there were a couple of guys taking leak. They said, boy, we feel this is like an honor, like we're breaking these urinals in. No, seriously, it's like when you go to roots, Chris, and they have the ice in the urinal, you know, when they first open the joint, you get there early at five o'clock when they open for dinner. And you go in to take a leak before you have dinner, which of course, any self-respecting guys are there. And you go in to take a leak and there's all this fresh ice sitting in the urinal. You've never seen that? Oh, you just, you know, they don't have that image down of John. Sorry, factio has never seen that. Just don't eat the right joints. But at any rate, the fresh ice is in there and you pee on the fresh ice and you watch it melt. And you feel like, wow, this is great. And this steam rises. Yeah, this steam rises from the yething and the odor and the new one. Other. I didn't do that. It's 10 o'clock. See, that wasn't really appetizing, giving the shell spots. So like I said, we'll be doing a gallery right by the gallery of the borders tomorrow. No, the two in Fort Ladoville. Which you go right out sun wise. Just go east on sunrise until you can't barely go east on more, right? Am I right? I haven't been there in two years. I don't remember even exactly where to go. It's right before the beach. It's on the right. Before the beach? The. No, no, two tomorrow. And then the other way. Sand the shansels. Me the best of Neil. 97 and I. The two volumes are in the borders. In Broward all over already this morning. They're going to get them in the day ones by noon today or they're about. So today they're doing it. And we'll give you that phone number. And hopefully we're going to raise a lot of money. And also on the show. They were going to talk about all the money we're going to get from inside. From me. You don't believe that? Like we used to with IOD. Oh, yeah. We used to get nice test. Even when passionate on it. Ron, a wolf peed. Bullshit. Everybody used to participate. You're going to have to be here. No. Ten minutes after ten. I'm sticking WQAM. So getting back to last night to strap against it in the Macarita. My first game ever in there in my great suits, which I love and enjoy tremendously. The place is sparkling. It's beautiful. There's not a bad view in the house. The only problem like I said is the people who designed it. Word. I don't think necessarily hockey people per se. Because there were a few oversight. And I know I didn't want to hear other people belly aching. But that was belly aching about personal stuff. This is belly aching from the standpoint of a fan. Or really understands the game. Which I can understand why they didn't do that here because they don't understand it anyway. The shot clocks. You look up on a big gigantic scoreboard. And what a breath of fresh air and improvement. That is over those crappy things that you had to be. You had to be Superman. Be able to see those things in the old those diamond vision things. Scoreboard is great. The only problem is the shot clock is not on the scoreboard. There are way, way down on the ends. And if you have like good binoculars or a telescope, you can see what the shots are. That's number one. Number two, the goal lights. Like I said yesterday, I'm really amazed. They have like a little dinky red light on one side. A little dinky green light on the other side for the end of the period. By the way, when I first period ended was there a buzzer? Oh, was there a horn? No, there was a sign. The referee finally looked around and blew his whistle. So I think the period's over guys. Little bit of you know, we're getting there. We have our same great PA announcer by the way. It was they got the PA fix from evidently what it was before. It sounded fine to me. Oh, he's great. And what was the other one thing of a, Oh, man, the out of town scoreboards. You know, why didn't they consult with me first? Even old Maple Leaf Gardens up there in Toronto, Rest in peace for a soon. Even an old joint like that for years has had those little individual out of town scoreboards for each game. So you can see what period. See, I hate to break the news team. But for those of us who really are fans, we do want to know the scores of the other game. And they could have very easily they have a lot of room that they could have put those up there on the all around the arena. So that we could follow the other games assuming that we have any interest with some of us do. But they didn't do that. So, you know, there are a few all missions and maybe they'll come along and they'll, you know, they'll correct some of them. But I've been that. Anybody's got any complaints about the comfort of any any estimate is very, very expensive. Is it good? I don't know because I had to die at soda. But very expensive. But there's lots of it. There's certainly a lot of variety and we need your money. As far as the team is concerned, I'll tell you one thing. And I'm the first person to say if I'm wrong or if I discovered something that Peter Warrrell, he was garbage last year. This kid couldn't escape a lick. He was a joke. Last night played a hell of a first period. Improved escaping 600%. Trolls his body around just like he did before. Had a couple of good scoring chances. Muscled out muscle guy for the puck any offensive zone. Peter Warrrell and things got to be a player guys. Look pretty damn good. Victor Coslaw's gonna be a superstar. No question. And this Peter Warrrell kid looked pretty good. I thought last night. Great. Wouldn't he had a good shot or two? And other than that, there wasn't much to see. Wasn't to my preservation game. People are busy getting the lay of the land. In fact, I was looking around over the other side, which is where ordinarily we would have been sitting behind the penalty boxes. Now we're behind the ventures. But I didn't recognize a whole lot of faces. Dr. Mark, the one that says, you're a sack guy. The varsity. That guy, Dr. Mark, his wife came by and said hi. We love them. But I look for some old friends from the old section at the arena. Didn't see any of them over there. Because it was an exhibition. A game and half the people weren't there. So I think that once we get the regular season started, then you'll see the on-be on-stevelop in the building. It'll start rocking and you'll, you know, it'll be loud. There's nothing to be allowed about it. Sex abition game. Most of us aren't even paying very much attention. What's going on out there? Is it a real game? No. A little cock out there. Put a little exercise. Get the field of the thing. But I enjoyed it tremendously. And I'm going to tell you what a difference. What a breadth of fresh air. And I know this is selfish. Isn't it selfish on my part? I can drive there in four and a half minutes. And drive home in about three minutes. Yeah, stayed for one period, which was plenty for an exhibition. This game stopped off at publics loaded up on some good stuff. Was home by eight thirty last night in time to watch that Cubs that Atlanta. Boy, did that Kevin's happening? Pige a great game last night for their cubs. Only to wind up, ah, geez. And they lose an extra earnings. Sorry about that, guys. Uh-huh. Too bad. It's the Hello game and it's so did Tom Clapham. Great game. Cubs are really doing a two bad Harry's in the ground. Can we dig him up please just one time? Just prop a prop as I set up there. And really feel for these are for the nice game anyway. Last one. So we're going to be debating. We're going to have to take up an office pool to see who's going to give the biggest check for center one from inside the building other than yours truly. Is it going to be Greg Green? No. By the way, it was the nephew speaking of the Reed family. It was Chris Reed. The nephew. He's the one that distributed all the best of the LCDs to the borders all over town and is working on the day county location today. Sam is just reporting the information. Do you know what I'm saying? Ah, yeah, that's right. Chris, that's his lackey. He's running around doing all the, Sam is in here to report that it's being taken care of. So just want to make sure you understand that. Also the center one phone number for our best of is working now as we speak. 9.5.4.5.6.3.36. 9.5.4.5.6.3.36. You can order your best of vanilla CDs and cassettes. And it's on course. A lot of the t-shirts. They're two to Maraud borders. Now, I must address this. Oh, whammy situation. I haven't talked about them a lot lately. Thank God, probably a reason. What is it to talk about? It's your monster's manifestation. I know it's very jackass. It's got a little, uh, cost of thinking there this morning and it's column and the words it. If I got very jackass here it is. Very billers whammy is 69. Which already has rested heat rights from Channel 33 is prepared to bid against UPN 33 for rights from Arlon Games after the sale to John Henry has finalized. Which it will. Already the competition is getting nasty. Look what? Channel 33, General Manager Bill Ballard who decided not to match 69's offer for heat games, notes that Bud Paxons knew network, Channel 35 locally, often has out drawn Channel 69 in prime time. We warned the people with the heat that when he wouldn't be affected in the ratings and they have not been ballard said. If this were a NASCAR race, Bud Paxons would be looking at very diller in his rearview mirror. Resported Adam Warrer, an executive with WSA broadcast, in a sense that they we entered the market, UPN is embarked on a calculated campaign of negative selling. Times must be tough at UPN, we wish them well. No, we don't. But at any rate, so speaking of whammy, which has degenerated now with them, and just like all the other Schlok stations you know with all the reruns, just like Paxons doing. Now they got mad, you know, they got the monsters, they got the cartoons, and the K-POSI USA. And that's basically what they're so-called local programming has degenerated into. And starting this next week instead of being on twice and that we're only going to be on a 1030. I watched a little 1030 last night, I was much more interested in the Cubs Braves game to be honest with you. But I flipped over and watched part of it, or nearly when our show comes on on whammy. The audio level is about two thirds of what it is for the rest of the station. So you have to turn the volume way up on your TV to hear what that I'm talking about. It's very low in the very marginal quality. Last night on the 1030 show, it was about maybe a fifth of what the volume is and what the audio is on the rest of the station. So you had to crank it up so loud in order to hear what the home was going on. And then there was a loud hum on the sound two last night. So it may be kind of think back to those first days when they put that show on and then June the tremendous embarrassment and the glitches and the black spot. Is it getting better? No, getting worse. In addition to which now that they cut it down to 1030, I'm thinking to myself, now that since this show ends at 20 after noon, that gives 8 and a half hours. So instead of having these old rehash, because it's like the best of the on radio, these tapes we used to play, which are crap, which are garbage. Because they're all dated. This show is me talking about whatever is going on. Now, timely, this is a dated show. I'm not just sitting here talking about generic stuff that I could be talking about any time. I'm not going to do that. There's no point in that. So the fact that that show is on and here I am talking about stuff that happened two days ago and then they were running reruns. So like 10 days ago, it's the 20 days ago. The point I'm trying to make is that if there were any chance that people were going to watch that show to begin with, there have been things that have been done to just about make sure that nobody would. How many people are really going to make the effort? If you're clicking across your channel surfing and here comes the channel. And you can't even hear what the guy is saying on there. Are you going to sit there and start cranking the volume up to about the 80%. Or are you just going to continue moving on? I think is what you're on. Probably going to do. So nice job over there. You guys who are running at you and are really we got some people over here working our asses off today and every day trying to do a job with this thing. But you people over there, the two Nazis, man. These guys, no nothing about television. Absolutely nothing. That's why Paxney puts on father-delling mysteries and Dr. Quinn, medicine, jerk off, whatever that show. And right away they got two and three shares. Of course. Because those are from a year old crap. Naturally that was going to happen, which is meaningless because it's the same old turn. They are expecting to put on a year. And these people, you know, it's a crap shoot. They take a shot. They put a bunch of stuff. That's why they were saying, if it's run off crap against the wall, some of it will stick. And that's what they thought when they started. Here is our loud. Here is a bag. Neel. Here is the ocean. Drive. And the only thing that even came close to stick. And the little bit was 10 because they got almost naked people on there. What have I been telling? Not that they get great numbers. But compared to the rest of the local show is they at least are respectable. Because people want to see fresh. Maybe if they show have been done like on a timely basis, which we started at the beginning. But there was so many glitches technically that it didn't really make any difference. What I was talking about. Nobody could have possibly watched. So do you think that now that we only had the 1030 show to start wing about on Monday that instead of having this stuff from like we in the past on whammy, we might be having the show from the same day? No. You think that's a possible. No. You think they might be talking about it over there? No. Okay. No, what they're probably talking about is getting a one extra episode of mash on there. 1030 starting on November 26th. I'll ride. That's what we need. 1025 at 5. We're in the last night. We want to hear the good stuff. We don't want to hear any complaints. I mean, if you got something minor like this stuff about the shot clocks, which you can't see, that's hockey stuff. Well, personal belly aching, we heard a couple of days ago. How could anybody go into that place? Compared to what we've been subjected to last five years with that drive down or Hershey Highway to that right-infested toilet down there's called the Miami Arena and that awful neighborhood. How could anybody walk into this joint? If the macarina and I'd have a small anir, Porses say, God, this is pretty God damn good. I like it. Like my jersey, too, by the way. Thanks, guys. The Panthers love me, baby. I was looking for what's your name there. We love you, Pac-Can't find that. We love you, Pac-Can't. Is that in here? It's not in here. My son better. No, it's not in here. Don't but he wants to hear that, okay? Selective God. Oh, God. That I couldn't find it. 1026 at 560. That's a total free number for the whole world in the Dayton Broward, etc. And Pomp I've 60 on the 18th of E.W. Let's dive into what today and see what happens, okay? Come on, let's dive into it. No. Here's a mobile and less Palm Beach, hello. Nail. Yes, sir. When you talk about atmosphere, when you look at the division of Panthers or the United States, when you look at the Frank Wint Times, the Good Teams come in, the regular season has become so meaningless. It's very difficult to get atmosphere. That's the biggest problem with the game now. Meaning what? You don't understand? No, what are you saying? What are you saying is the regular season has become so meaningless in that of a hockey way? How do you know what the M.I. don't agree with that at all? There's a go-to of regular season game in Maple Leaf Gardens at last two years. And they've stumped the joint out and there's still tremendous atmosphere inside the building. No matter who the rival is on there. Why? I mean, if they want to get to the point, you know what I just got to saying or you just got your own little routine. Well, you know what the atmosphere, how do you know what it's going to be when they haven't played a regular season game yet when the place hasn't been packed with 19,700 people yet? You're okay, the rest of the ranges or the fly is coming. You don't see the... How about when the Red Wing is coming? The Stanley Cup Champions, they're going to be here soon. How about when they come in? If they played a team, eight times in a season, you would have at least... Okay, well thanks for your enthusiasm, sir. We have an open line at Broward 2 a day, 5 6 7 5 60, boring, boring, guy, boring call, boring comment, okay? Doesn't make any difference who you're playing if the game is exciting and if the crowd is going to win, and if we have a product out there that we can get enthused about, which we may or may not. Based on what I saw last night, there's really no way to tell because it's a stupid exhibition game. But just like these other people, saying, well, you know, they're just forcing to say them a ambience. There is no ambience for an exhibition game, and it never has been and it never will be. When a place is half empty, and people are just looking around and getting the lay of the land and fitting their ass in their seat and whatever they're doing, and they're playing a little grab ass, getting to know who their new one neighbors are, where they're sitting, which we didn't have too many thank goodness. Two open lines of day, 5 6 7 5 60, power 5 6, the only 18 P. wireless line. Miami with 12 question marks, hello. Anya? Yes sir? Yeah, I wouldn't say there's no quote. I was watching the show last night. I thought there was something wrong with my TV. I was playing with the volume, then the blonde dolly comes on. Yeah, I'm with the commercials, and it's like the volume comes up to normal. And bless you, course the room. Exactly. Did you know everything else that's on there is a normal volume that you have on any other TV stations. So if you're a channelster, if you're going to have no change of volume, you'd be like, when my show comes on, it's always been very low level. You know, it's not like you're going to have a lot of time. You know, it's not like you're going to have a lot of time. But when my show comes on, it's always been very low level. But last night, it was solo. Who knows, maybe they're sabotaging you. Maybe they're doing their best to not get anything off. I would hope not, but you were right. It was very, very low last night. And maybe because could you maybe Julie Annie was in town had something to do? That might be a deal. I wasn't at the game last night. But I did go down to hockey fast. I don't see how anybody complain about the arena. He says, great. Actually, I'm a bill backable fan. And I'm waiting for the finisher. I didn't know one downtown. I hate to have to go with the swept still. Yeah. But anything to get out of that other hellhole. Right. Who do you have to have to wander through a bunch of desperate bumps and panhand and all the scalpers. Now the other crap going out. This place is spotless. Man, you drive in there and you feel as safe as like if you're sitting in your own living room, maybe even better. I just wish that the heat we're going to play there because I live like you say up and call us Overland. Driving feet on. OK. Okay, maybe remember he had a, is the mobile in the Pomp and I'll be chill. Mobile in Pomp and I'll be chill. Alright. Let's go across the intersection. Okay, last call today. Here's Bointen B. Show me how you doing. Okay, sir. Great to see you back, but you're not going to start the hockey shows again. Are you going to kill us up here? Meaning what? Oh, hockey is horribly boring, horribly fond of it, and it's absurd only it feels a very small percentage. Well, let me ask you this question. The last three days, Tuesday yesterday and Wednesday that they in between, I hardly talked at all. I don't think I even mentioned hockey except for that great game. Yeah, it's great. And let me ask you, what did anybody have to say about the last three days? What would you like to talk about? Anything that I don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't ask that. Anything. Let me say it again. What would you like to talk about today? If you sides hockey, I'm just, I just mentioned it because we had the game last night. That was my first chance to see the new arena. But since that doesn't interest you, what would you like to talk about? Think of a address thing. How did you bash religion a little bit? What? Yeah, there you go. Let's bash religion. There's something new. Oh, a bash religion. Sir, you're one-dimensional. You're prophetic in your very sad. And yes, I'll talk about whatever you want to talk about. Just like I always have and you know something, you'll still be listening. And so will everybody else. See, the greatest thing that people have nothing to say is what they do is they call, they criticize whatever you're talking about. Oh, gee, how can you be talking about filling the blank? Whatever it is. Isn't that kind of difference what it is? And no hockey is not boring, okay? And I'll tell you one thing right now. It's a hell of a lot more exciting than all that crap football. That most you've been watching this year so far. Especially the NFL, which the quality of play, the caliber is so bad now that how to help anybody watch it. 90% of the games are coma inducing. 95% of the teams in league are so bad there in embarrassment. But hey, I don't confuse them man because that's their thing. Two open lines and date one in Broward. 560 and 560 on the AT&T line. There's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hey, now you fight in what's going on? Okay. Two open lines and Broward to and date. This is the end. This is the absolute end. This week. Went on a vacation and had myself a great time. Got rid of those best updates. George did a fine job filling in. I come back Monday was okay. And that's the end of our show as we know it. Is there any particular reason that we can figure out? No. We have just nothing but a bunch of buff frogs is all we got out there. There is a, you know, and the people that do this is the amazing thing. It reminds me of the chat room on our website, which I haven't looked at it months by the way. Thank God. There is nobody who likes this show. That's the best part. How have I been this successful? There is nobody out there who likes me, likes George, likes the show, likes the topics, likes the subject matter, likes anything about it. This is one of the greatest phenomena in the history of the human god damn race. Like David Greenley line would say, it's not a radio show. It's a phenomena. Whatever it all I'd mean. Unbelievable. Five. This is, this is my last effort today. I have no idea what the deal is out there in radio land. I have no idea how many people out there got a rag way up inside or wrecked them whatever their problem is. But this is my last effort. You know what the numbers are? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 18th, wireless line. If there's anything in the world that you've got to say to me today is the day to do it because otherwise I'm going to start playing music on Monday. And guess what? There's still going to have to pay me. That's right. Says to come here and hear, do the Neo Rodgers show. That's what it says. Don't say what the content of the show is going to be. Absolutely unbelievable. 22, 4, 11, and 5, 6, 60, 8, and, Neil, God. And if we all stick together, management will recognize our demands. And a better work plate can be enjoyed by all. She's telling you everything you like this before. You said on the corner and hardly say a word. You seem real comfortable. Did you get yourself a pair of those new bearers and send them away? I know for me when I'm going to pay you that ride up on a bitch all day. And with bearers and stuff feels like you're not wearing any panties at all. I went once that better and got the new bearer bought in panties. All they are is a couple of last-to-stop stuff that make it look like you're wearing panties. I just land that wearing panties at all. Just before coming to the Union meeting, I listed that my skirt and bought from my county. He slammed me on the cop in the shoe. I feel great. They're bottom panties from Bear Essin. They feel like you're wearing nothing at all. Because you aren't wearing anything at all. Maybe we can say we're playing such with that 11 o'clock. 1043 at 560 WQA, we can still call it. We have an open line of day to 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile and Port Latterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. I'm going to say I enjoy what you're doing. I was at the Game Last night. Nice arena. They actually look exciting. I'm looking forward to this year. Yes. This guy, we're all here. I really enjoy mixing this up. But they were out of the uniform last night. Okay, thank you. Okay, I'm going to open line of day to 1 in Broward. 560, 560, 560, 810, 1010, 1010. Here's North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Welcome back in the history of my 80 years on the year in his town. This is the way he wants to discover this. What is this town is big? Where is it in the ward for it? It died. I went away for a week in the whole town. Right up into a prune and died. It's dribbled and then died in the town too. So the arena is pretty nice, huh? It's pretty nice. It's spectacular. It's beautiful. I can't wait to get there. Anyway, I'm calling about the Cubs last night. Yeah. I cannot believe this. Bobby Cox writes a few of these after I'd give you the game. I mean, this is a Japanese restaurant. Why is that? He pitched a great game. So last better piece. I'm not in here. You jackass. Why is there anybody out here with a brain? No. This guy comes out there. Pitch is a phenomenal game. He gives up one lousy one in the night. Then I think how he low-pizzed his home run. And this guy's pitching about Kevin Tapity. You'll piss a spectacular or a stupid end of this game for the Cubs last night. He's up there against Tom Glamman. Maybe the guy that's been pitching a lousy one of them in the National League right now along with Kevin Brown. And this guy is a bellyist. You're like all the other so-called sports fans. We need to get on another radio station, George. We need to get rid of this cancer. We need to get away from this. This was the greatest mistake. Thank you. Norma can't forget me and bother this place. Jesus. Joseph and look at this. Two cons left on the board here now. Worked my fever into a fever pitch to get everybody on the every line lit up. And they're like here for 10 seconds. You go just keep those checks coming, baby. Oh, you're not going to talk about that again. I'm going to talk about it. Well, you tell me what you want. While I'm having a thing to talk about, about a fashion religion. Oh, that's very original, sir. God bless you. Two overlives in day one and brown. Five six seven. Five six six seven. Five six six. Five five six. Six. That's it. That's it. The tapering give up. Run last. I don't know what kind of a cup bag is he, huh? So what you know about baseball. You could stick inside your rectum and have lots of room left over for watermelons. Bullying balls. You wreck their sets. Oh, my God. Mark it is down 78 points by the way. It was four people or so. So no, it's how much we're going to lose again today. They said it might bounce. It's bouncing all right. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. I don't know. How am I doing? Yeah. I'm doing that. I got voice got. I'm doing the best to do my duty. Don't tell me people are actually going to go to the pan to gain a watch. Peter wore a rail hardening. Meaning what? I mean, if they got it when the game's on a line, the guy ain't going to be on the I think the gun. Peter, did you sleep to have you seen him this year? No, I have it. So then what you're talking about? Because he was okay. Well, let me say to the fighter. Let me say to you again, he improved his skating ability 5,000 percent. I saw him the first period last night. He played damn good. Okay. Well, we'll see what he does. But how about the brothers? They got following my outfit. So I think that's great. Nice answer. Okay. We have an open line of day-one and brown. But another guy who's loud and makes a lot of noise who has no idea what he's talking about. That sports talk in this town. People who are very loud and very infat-ic, who have no idea what they're talking about. Peter will look tremendous last night. And I was his biggest critic. Last year he was a joke. And then the change in the interim is spectacular. There's some hope there. But no, let's not be positive. Let's just be negative. Let's just be sour. And let's talk about all the negatives. Okay. Well, I'll leave that to you. Okay, because you all expressed it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm doing the worst in my life, sir. That's how I'm doing. How are you doing? You don't like to talk about sports, right? I talk about whatever I feel like talking about. Sir, what do you want to talk about? I want to talk about football, you too fast. Okay. You speak fast, dude. I don't. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Papa, see this is all we got. So all we got left out there are a bunch of people that hate me. They hate the show. I'm a Jew. I'm a Faggy. What's the bulletin? I thought I was going to stop. Yeah, like I said, what's the bulletin? That was down sixty two. Make it a little bit of a comeback. Maybe we can go for an even Stephen day. Would that be a high end? There you go. That would be something. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Good morning, sir. You know, in a strange way, I think you have your own stuff to bring for you to my. You know, you hear your stuff on. I don't like another one. Dad, here comes another one. Well, it's not a good show. I'll put it on down the two. Yeah. The way you're listening to it. It's not something left for listening to everything. Nothing on. It's not the way I have everything else to do. You have nothing else to do between ten and two, but listen to this show. I'm complaining about how it's gone down the two. And I put John and how terrible that was. It's not a good show. And you know, something. If I wouldn't have put George, I'm we don't have the tapes for me. Which would have been even worse. And you've been bitching about that. Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch. Feliate, belly aches. And you wonder why people get out of here like the first minute. They open up the goddamn door to a plane to a bus through a puppet. To a goddamn rubber ramp. Just eight billion sour negative assholes in the naked city. And I came back to them this time. Oh, God, am I delighted that I'm back. Aren't I? Oh, yes. Damn radio show. Like the same thing I've been doing for 20 years. Only I can actually breathe. Because I had a few days off out of this toilet. So on this end, this show hasn't gone down the tube. On this end, this show is doing fine. On your end is where the goddamn show is gone down the tubes. Because you've gotten nothing to say, but give me a big critique. You don't like that. You don't like that. You don't like that. You don't like that. You don't something blow it out your ass. People like this asshole there. These, this is the reason why this town is such a toilet. People like this. Now, what does that? What does that mean? Your pooled money. Oh, geez. We got to talk to Cliff. What the hell do you want? Come on. I'll be what do I want. Just what I said. Yeah. Hey, we might take the you're probably. We have an open line of Broward. 560, 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. You put whack or get out of my face. We don't even have the damn tapes yet. Where's his tape that I promised him? I wouldn't give you tape from a tape worm, okay? Go clean the pool and get out of here. You'll like he go get out of an animal and go back where he came from. Here's Miami. I know how he's doing. I shouldn't ask. I'm doing fine. I'm sitting here doing my end and I'm listening to one asshole after another. Well, we can clip the pool man. Yeah, well, I hope I'm on my pool. Well, my nest. I can't believe that guy's putting up the app any after last night. He put down two perfect puns. Get an amazing game. Yeah. I mean, okay. So they blew it in the end because obviously, I'll be low. That's got a home on what can you do. Exactly. And this is the way the Braves have got so many good players out there. You know, Chipper Jones, he shut him down all night. Then he gets the rabbit, a winning one in the tent. Right. He's got their own way. They got just tons of weapons in there lineup and, you know, as it was Bobby Cossack, the Cubs are run by playing the infield back during the defending, which was a bonehead deal with somebody talking about on the telekat. But nevertheless, it was a hell of a game. How can anybody be belly-a-accent after a guy goes out there in pictures of great game like that? Well, not at the top of the window in that all year or anyway, they've been making it exciting in the end. Right. What can you do, right? Yeah, I was just looking to Europe a couple of weeks ago, and they had done in jerry's all over the place. Right. Didn't have fish food though. Oh, yeah, they do an Amsterdam. I guess I guess they haven't reached all of you all of you. They're spreading their testicles and tentacles all over the place. There you go. Well, I hope things get better for you. They can't get any worse pal. Have a great day. You too. Zyg is on. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The natives are they hostile. Are they restless? Are they angry? Are they pissed off? Fire it up, you bet. Do we know why? No. But they're fired up and pissed off. They're in a salarass god damn move. The dows make it a comeback. It's down less than 50 points. I'll let you belly you can about. It just goes all our money is vanishing in front of our eyes. That was the big deal with that. It's only money. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I just want to call and talk about this new arena in for a lawyer. I don't see why so many people go from Miami State County up there when nobody from Broward even likes coming down here. They talk so much crap about Miami and how bad it is. Not that it's a perfect place to live. Oh, it's a lot of money. Wait, wait. Everyone is going to get there. You're going to get there. Are you saying now that the two counties are in competition with each other? I just mean I think they should have their own new station. They're own everything like this and just them be them and let us be us. And that's it. I'm tired of sharing. I'm tired of taking back and it's just ridiculous. Okay. Great. Have a great life in day County sir. Good luck to you. All right. Open line. That's for all of us who live in Broward for you. Okay. Open line in date as usual. 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, they don't want to go to Tampa because it doesn't just in the team that plays there. Okay. We have a team here. That's why they go there. Just like the rest of us for five years went down to Miami to see our team. Because that's where they played. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. I got to tell you that if you were in the last night I was at I was in my seats in 17 minutes from I have the time to find my wife and kids absolutely love it. I think it's the first class place. Right. And I love the panthers. I think they're a scrappy young team and I think we got a good shot of making a good showing this year. And I got to say the difference between driving to Miami and driving up the saw grass is a, it's like a pleasure. I can't tell you how happy we are to have this arena here. And there's no negativity. This guy's belly I can, the guy before you and he can't, he can't handle the fact that most of us don't want to drive into a slum to pay big money to go see a sporting event. What a concept. I'm a, I'm like you, I'm a season kicker of from day one. And you know what, I'll go anywhere to see a hockey. It doesn't matter to me. I just get out of my car in a protected parking lot in Miami. I walk across the street in the arena. For years, I never had a problem, so that's a lot of baloney. All people all this down want to do is piss him on a complaint and I tell you what. I'm so happy that we have this new arena in Broward. Talk to you later. OK. And that guy who calls from day county. That's what we won't miss you in the New Arena because it'll be jam packed with re-living and breathing people and you can stay in Dave County and enjoy yourself. Have a great time. Two open lines in Dave 560560560 on the AT&T Wireless One. 1055 on QA and we got a 6-way gimbal ball cap for 6-acluck and 745 Yankees and the Rangers Game 3. Thanks for watching. I want to save my life loving you If I'm gone, I'll be the one to call I want it to tell that I'm in front I want to go with a leg to bed I want to die Enjoy of playing Yeah, I hate you. I hate your show. You're going into toilet, but I'm listening to nothing else to do. That's great. That's a hell of a commentary on this town. I'm listening. You're struck. I hate your show. I hate your like poison. You should only croak, but they're ain't nothing else to do. We have an open line of dating to in two and date one and groward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. I don't pleasant Friday. Hope you're having a great week out there. We sure are on issue. I'll tell you that. The greatest week in the history of my 25, 25,000 years in his town. This is the week. That was mobile and poppin' oh, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. People should be nicer, Neil. How are you? I'm first time calling you. I enjoy your show. Not a question whether they should be nicer, they should have like something to say. Yeah, at least you're brain. A little bit. Hey, listen, I got a question for you. Yeah. Haven't got my white vintage fit in hockey since they could throw the rats on the ice. Isn't there anything they can throw on the ice now at those games at that beautiful arena? Just said, without disrupting the game for 20 minutes. What does that mean? I want you to stop and think about what you're saying. In other words, for the game to be exciting for you and your wife, they have to throw crap on the ice. That's not for me. Not for me. I love the game. I got my white interested in football. She's an incredible fan now. Yeah. But during that run, what are they throwing to feel to the football games? Just to each other. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. The action is good. Oh, there's more hitting in a football game than there is in a hockey game as that we're saying through the Zandoff action for your wife in a hockey game? Well, in a hockey game, I'm not going to do that. I'm not hitting in three minutes of a hockey game. There was an any NFL game in the whole game put together. Yeah, you don't have to tell me about hockey. I also feel here. So that was the whole thing. What are you talking about? I'm just saying that while they were throwing the rats on the ice and everybody was getting crazy at the pants. Yeah. She got caught up in the fringes. It's great. She's not a fan though. She could be a fan again though. Just a face there. Well, guess what? Let's throw her on the ice. Okay. There's the answer for you. Throw her fan ass on the ice. All right. Well, I'll pay extra to call out and see that. Crazy bitch. Boy, boy, there you go again. There you go. Another, I want you to start taking notes. Those of you who are listening. Seriously, I want you to start taking notes. You could write a book that'll be a best seller. Nobody will believe it. Because these people, many of them are actually serious. This guy was serious. Two open lines in date County. Do we have anybody in date listening besides those are three little us big cranks? No, that's it. Okay. Sorry. Just checking. 567. 056. The pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Mobile in Miami. Be. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a date County. I'm listening. Yeah, you're the one. How are you doing? Okay. I'm telling you, you get back to vacation. Everybody's crashing you. What's going on? I have no idea. Pell just totally unexpected. I haven't got to say what their problem is. Like something changed on the show or changed in their lives. I have no idea. So they went over hurricane and they went out there. They bought a lot of canned goods and crap and they pissed off about it. So get a ticket out of Brian Norcos. Don't think it out on me. Well, I love the show and I think George has a great job when you're gone to. Yeah. I wish you vacation vacation was great. Where'd you go? I went to Amsterdam in Belonia. You got a great time. Yes. Can I ask you a football question? We're not talking about football, sir. Not one question. What is it? I heard Monday night football in trouble. Did you hear about that on the news? What do you mean it's in trouble? I guess I don't have enough viewers or something. The ratings are done because the game sucked. That's right because the the games are boring, right? Like I watched the lion game last week. Why would you watch that? I don't know. Especially when it was a a cup of San Francisco playoff game. The cup of the giants playing off in a wild card in the National League for a championship. Why would you watch your stupid football game? There was a horrible game. I saw five minutes of that game. Was it a disaster? It was terrible. Well, there we got that's why the ratings are down here because the quality of play in the NFL is deteriorating dramatically and people are going to just sit there and watch it just because it's there. I get talking taken it away, huh? No, it's not what is how they're going hotty games going on now? Yeah, well though. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Open line in day five six seven. Oh five six. I take more notes and you get that down. Take some more notes, please. I watch. I'm begging you. This is very important. Two open lines in day five six seven. Oh five six. The pump five six the on the mobile one line. What they could learn about the human race taking notes on these calls here on this sports station. This is a sports station. Oh Jesus God. For waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, me. Are you doing okay? Yeah, I would like to know if you play regular music. If I want play reggae, we don't play any music. Sir, this is not a music show. Are you listening to the show? Yes, I am. And are we playing music? No, that's what I want to hear from you. No, we're playing the go listen to some of the gay reggae stations some gay station. We have an open line in broad one and day five six seven. Oh five six the pump five six the on the mobile one line. Get back on your banana vote. Okay, pal. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. You got to be paying for these colors. I can't believe you. That's all just for billion. They must all just come in off rubber rafts when I was away for a week. They must all take in. I mean, one half of the y can't wait for things of the I happen to be stuck last month. I mean, where do these people come from? Be saying hello to me. And then the one guy has ribbon Peter will well who hasn't seen him play at this year after I come in and talk about how much improved he is and I say have you seen him play this year? No. I would say let's talk about the let's what this station is all about people calling you and talking. I have no idea what they're talking about making all these us story and comments is if they know something they don't know what they're talking about. What are the hours in A of that? I was at the bulk of the game. He is very improved. He had a great move last night in front of the net in the first period. Twice. Yeah, he did get caught up in some battle these later, which, you know, they got to deal with. But he's definitely not compared to last year when he couldn't even stand on his skate's when he was a laughing joke. I mean, the improvement is tremendous. Much improved. You know, the guy who called him saying he wished Miami had their old shoes and their old team. Right. They do their all in a whole thing. Exactly. No problem. He better get with the program. I'll be meeting the channel 23. Sube to yeah. All right, man. Take it easy. Thank you. I'll need it. Okay. We have it on our field better. Open line of day one in Broward 560 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. The Dow is down 38th and as they're down 28th. Are they interested in the economy? No. I think interested in El Presidente we got more reports coming out 50 billion pages coming out. We got Monica and Linda trip takes to the care about that. No. They care about that beautiful no arena that we got up there in Broward. No. They care about the Jim Bush. No. Do they care about anything? No. Okay. Thank you. Eight minutes to have to be. You're very difficult for me this morning. My name is Ross Broward. Stand by five foot gold worth about five of six billions of dollars. Never about the check and had a little success. But I'm willing before I can declare, will six my kids you have? Because I look kind of funny. But nobody's not a new decision with that gold. You can't rob a guy with money. I got a little money. I'm pretty so much money and it's funny. Why don't you want to speak? Everybody's so bad. It's an output paid for by committee to elect Ross Broward. I'm a 14 is five six. The outside. You have probably we got kind of the night next week. We're Larry. We're not TV. Don't forget borders at the gallery at a bar from the noon to two and four lottery with our center one best up. That should be a real revelation. I just can't wait for that to see if actually anybody shows up if we have any like real living and breathing a normal. Seriously after this week. I mean I'm really wondering. And then of course this coming Tuesday at October 66th at the pizza law for 35 14 South University drive in Davy. Where we last year or when and how was it? Oh that wasn't a center one thing. That was when I came back on the air. We had the tumultuous gigantic turnout and was great. Let's see if anybody living and breathing shows up this time. Whether there's still anybody out there. No. Not that we have our doubts. Here's a lady mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I'm a long time listener and an occasional call. I love you, Sean. And I've got a couple things I wanted to talk about. I thought that the people who wanted to throw things on the ice at the arena should really be allowed to throw each other out on the ice. Oh yeah that's your idea. Like I said you should throw his wife on the ice. Well I think it would solve two problems that would get rid of those people and it would provide wonderful entertainment for everyone else. I love your show. Unfortunately, I don't get to listen to it often during the day. So I listen a lot in the evening. And I think it's great. My time of sanity every day. Oh yeah. My time of sanity. I don't want to write. You don't. No I don't. I said, people like your relationship. Good George is on show and call it the George show because really, you know, I'm really waiting for you to announce the beginning of the all-meal all the time that works. I know that would be a real imposition on your personal life. Oh yeah right there would be great especially with the tremendous response I'm getting here just for four hours every day. Let's try for about 20 hours of that and take a nap for four hours and just do 20 hours of this every day for about a week till I put me in the box. It's not fair to ask that of you but unfortunately you've always been a one-point situation down here and it's not looking to you for so long. Okay thanks a lot. Bye bye. And see you on George's Thank You too. We have a day County all open all in day County. There's something wrong. There's something's thinking real bad. There's a stench of manure that's so walking in the air from day County. It's in the air out there. It's everywhere. It's thick as fog. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, unimobile alumni. Remember we did our thing down there at next and we had the tremendous turnout and we had all those wonderful people show up. That was not that long ago but something has happened in day County between then and now. They've all vanished in the north. They've gotten back on our banana boats. Somebody has kidnapped them. They've gone back to their homeland wherever it might be which definitely is out here. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello. Hey how you doing, you know? Okay sir. Uh, well I have to do it. You driving down to that of the hospital. All spring, well I am with such a pleasure. So easy. And what if in common you may I grow well with a chef and you improve it. Yeah, I mean, dramatic. He just has much better idea of what are you doing out there? Yeah. Dating is that's the includes. I just want criticism of you being a bit well it was expensive but it wasn't bad. A lot of it. And we got back to our pieces. It wasn't worth the war. Yeah. You know they didn't say I don't know what they're warning for the prices you got to pay. You would hope they could maybe they'll give you a can of sternota take back to the seat. For a little food one there. Something like I said. Thanks be on. Okay pal, see you there. Okay we have an open line in the Broward to a date 5670560, Pomp 560, Unimobile one line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Leo. Yes sir. You commented that there's more hitting and hockey than football. My far. Are you a doofus? You watched the games. There's more hitting and football. Every plays ahead. Sir, let me say this to you and football. They want to play. There's not continuous action football. As you know, they want to play. Then they go back to the Huddle for 30 seconds and they stand around and hold hands and about to be vulnerable by the truck. Yeah. Okay. Thank you sir. Because I don't agree with you. I'm a schmuck. Let me say it again. There's more hitting and five minutes of any hockey game. Then you'll see in a whole NFL game any Sunday any Monday night of your life. And anybody who knows that even even people don't like hockey would admit that if they were watched the game. Would you probably have been sir because you two don't understand it? Football. Oh yeah, that continuous action of football. How many people have actually had taken the football? I've done this in the past. And actually taken out the if you could narrow down the actual amount of action and they so called 60 while a clock is ringed girl football game when they're not in a huddle and they're not standing around the Budapest, Budapest, Budapest, 72, 45, 69 up your ass. You know all this. The play lasts for how long sir for like three seconds. 10 seconds is how long the play lasts and how long is the actual hitting along the line as grimage lasts for three, four or five seconds maybe at the most. And then they go back and that'll okay. But it will put them up. You walk to the right. I'll stick it up your ass. What are you talking about? Or as hockey as they continue with action that that goes on and on and on and it's a loistle blows until somebody blows it doesn't stop. But see everything's got to be a contest. If it's like the same thing like with the dolphins and the jets thing I've been talking about and the next thing oh my sports better than yours and my religions better than yours if you like football sir I like football if it's a good game which unfortunately late late last a couple years and it's getting worse over here. The quality of the play is crap. So you can sit there and tell me I'm a shrubo because I don't agree with you or the majority the public who obviously are on your side because they're overwhelming majority are more into football than any other sports. That's fine you're entitled but don't try to pedal me how great it is because I know better because I remember when it was great. Here's Fort Lauderdale hello. What do you need three four? Three one. I was reminiscing what I thought I'd be. But they're out of less steel I'm not prepared for them. You know you're going to say it with the right uh oh I'm sorry. What do you need three four? That's the way to do it. Okay. Do you know when they're going back to a full car or for the year? October 28 sir okay and the dining room will be open October 28th and they'll be going back to uh you think baby and all of our guys are coming back. Hey, baby is already here. Oh yes. Yeah. Oh okay. So we need it. Okay. Well I'm looking forward to it. Okay. See you now. I'll see you there. Pompino Park you stock at about the full the false schedule of dining room opens again October 28th. We have an open line in Broward. I just I'm just going to go up there. I mean I guess what I'll go go to Pompino and uh you know it's better and play in the market. Oh the Dow is only down 6.18 points. Only down 6 points. Oh thank God it's making a comeback. Just like the European markets started out this morning. I hate to break the news to you with a oh my God just died through the fall again. All of a sudden later on the day they're making a nice big comeback which it's already uh let's see 520 and the afternoon over there they're already closed and 420 and London which they're always an hour behind. Robby is reasons. Here's color red, Chillow. Hello, me. Yes. Hey um this is your board again friend from colorage. Uh uh man I tell you what Neon fire you I think I put a bullet in my hand with all these causes from order to put a little. No I got a put a little. Yeah. It's boot. Why that? I'm calling them for your defense. But in their head I didn't say in your head. Oh you're like with this one. You know you guys would drive me nuts. Yeah. Um I will just uh okay I'm getting paid for it you know whatever whatever. If they want to do this every day if this is their idea what the show is going to be every day. You know something I'll come in here and do this every day and I'll still take the checking in one of the bank. There you go it's funny how that you know they always uh calling and boot on you and then hang up and then they listen to them themselves and they think that uh and there's a reason that that's right. And that's why isn't it? Not a thing we can't learn. Yeah. But anyway I wanted to talk to you about uh football uh I played football college at me. She did and uh oh my god. Anyway but anyway that was a big rule for pros and all that stuff but guys like Mike Orvin and those guys turned me completely off of football I only will watch it and I'm sorry. I mean I can play for the dolphins he's been charged with solicitation to get what I know about him and we're gonna share me shit for the fire bombing of a former business partner so I'm about Mark Duper. But anyway go ahead. Yeah no that's what I'm saying guys like that and they're uh 10 million dollar contract. I'm about to be hungry. Hey anyway moving along yeah it's citizens but uh you know they're big contracts and they're big egos and their gold chains and their soft phones I mean uh it makes you want to puke it. And also I agree to I heard you tell you say the other day that soft phones had a sporting event. Oh Plankhole clear plastic and all you'll be a disallowed. Exactly they have a shoot seven and a unbelievable. I'm most you'll have a great day man. Okay and back to you sir God bless you. Oh god. Bless you. We have an open line of date 5 6 7 5 6 the natives are surly and we can't figure out what it is they're all out there but they're surly they're pissed they're foaming at the mouth they're angry they're just full of hate oh it's Miami I'm sorry here's a mobile I forgot my map mobile and North Miami hello. Hey how you doing the okay sir. Hey I was just calling you you're whining about why people are not calling you from date right? I'm listening. And uh that's this which thing to do here in Decahne and unlike up there in Broward where it's terminal. Uh huh. Like like what? Like what? Like what is? None of like thick lettuce very nice that's southern date there's other parts. Oh I see well what else how about the northern part? Well that's a thing like a lot of South Africa and that's on 79 in this game. There we go but listen there's good stuff tell me all the good stuff that's going on. Hey there you have me for you. I mean my name is thing. All right there's good restaurants out here there's good entertainment in South Asian the growth there's good beaches for you people often Broward are too worried about being sad, whining, bitching and just being erupted by life. No we're not we're not at all rough up in the bitching and they in Broward we're very happy to be in Broward and I didn't know we had any battle going on because this is a new bad no one's true baby the response the last three months of this town in date County's not even. But I can tell you where I'm coming from. What is it? Listen this is where the why I'm making this point because people like you who live in Broward and don't experience the good things up lives in here in date they're always like what? Illegal aliens? Illegal aliens. I'm sitting in date County right now sir. All right let me ask you in the county right now I work in date County. Is that what your station that sucks? Let me ask you. Do you ever go out to South Beach and party in the city? I don't go to your near South Beach I have that on I'm no interest in South Beach. You ever go to the Grove and go all I do not. I don't go anywhere near the Grove in addition to which I hate to break the news to you sir but this show isn't on at night when people are outgoing at the clubs this show was on last time I checked from 10 in a morning you'll two in the afternoon which has nothing to do with people calling you're calling. All right now you go pick South Beach or there's a lot of people are there eating green longs. Green drugs, doing steroids, right gravity shutter and ask you okay have a good time pal. Have a good time. So now we got now we got it done. It's the date and Broward war is there you go. I haven't been I I've been at a loss to figure out what else been going on here since I came back from vacation and since I left it was what the front armoured date and fray or a war that's what it is. It's a war between Dayton Broward. How do you like that? Do we like it? Sure why to hell not? Bray's up the board of men not me. Let's start here in about Dayton Broward which one is better okay that's a great topic for you. You don't care about anything else that's going on the world. You don't give a crap about that slot Monica that big fat cowland a trip. You don't care about the beautiful norina we got up there in Brow that I was at last night waiting about how great it is which it is. Let's start here and about all the good stuff in Dayton Broward. Let's hear it. Open line in date 5-6-705-60. Let's hear about all the goddamn great pickers down there wherever the hell they're picking. No stickers. Oh we got a few no stickers and they be too. That's it's Broward last time I checked. It's 11-25 and five. Where do you find Joe Rose to forest as speed ghost? So first team right where you got it. Sports radio 5-60 QAM. What are you talking about? Hey county. Oh I'm sorry. 11-32 at 5-60 WQM. You have finally during this last break I finally figured out what all this whole football thing is. I think he clumped you moron. Beyond the shadow of a doubt there is no question whatsoever. I mean it's one thing if you like a sport better than another one if you're like a restaurant better than another one but they get all bent out of shape and psychotic about it because you just refuse to face the facts. I mean any asshole I would say that football is a more physical sport than a hockey is a moron is up close though if you like it better you're entitled that's a matter of taste but to say that it's more physical they'll be like saying that that baseball is more physical and hockey. Is it? Oh yeah. From Edith's money hitting going on out there they're doing a few hits. We have an open line in day 5-6-705. So see come on let's hear a date county you know I was thinking also during the break I do a lot of thinking like getting out of here. How many people do I know who when they have been in this town 23 years how many people do I know who have moved in that period of time from Broward to Dave. I don't know any. Don't talk about people I know. Nobody goes in that direction. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about where they live. I moved I lived in Dave for right years. I lived in Kendall for five years. Got it over there because it was congetted it was becoming a our our our rat trap or toilet and dangerous. And then the crime in festive. You lived in Dave North David. We're North David. Wasn't North enough. And now George lives in Broward. I live in Broward. Anybody else there in a building moved from a day to Broward. Everybody I know whoever lived in Dave County lives in Broward. Now or even Palm Beach. Are there people moving the flocking from Broward back to Dave now? No. I don't know who won. I don't know of anybody who moves from my data from a Broward or Palm Beach today. County. No. Even though they do have a good stuff down here on South Beach. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Are you doing? Okay sir. I need some clarification from you on something. One of your commercial and if anybody knows that you know that is it true that the public butchers grind their meat ten times a day. Yeah they were grinding it right now. Yeah. I figured that I've been a penny buddy with no you know. Yeah they're nagged for it. Okay grind this. Okay we have an open line in date one in Broward 5670560 palm five 60 on a mobile one line. Very clever sir. And that guy was in Hollywood. I think the guy from Dave may have had a point. Of course Hollywood we don't count Hollywood is for old people like my mother. That's what Hollywood. Well I'm sorry Hollywood is mostly very very old people. I'm talking about people much older than I am. Old enough to be by great great great great grandmong grandpa. That's Hollywood. So Broward ain't perfect and we got sunrise and we got tamarack and we got lot of deal. Oh whatever it is. What did I leave out of tamarack? Margie. I said sunrise Mr. Futures. I said you're not listing fast enough. If those in fast I said sunrise. Oh that's not the oh that's right. I'm a great really 55. They're field beach. Oh. Combo. Oh. Like I said Broward's pretty old. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Hey well I used to live in Maramayu. I moved today and I think it was an amazing. All right here's a guy that lives in Maramayu. Of course Maramayu was just barely on a county line. Yeah. So much along. Being from Puerto Rico was ever exposed to hockey over there. But um I will not be able to do that. I'm not a fan of hockey but I will admit that hockey is a real rough apartment. I mean you're talking to you believe some old asshole that calls here and tries to tell me there's more hitting in football than there ever could be in hockey at Omishmuk because I don't agree with that. This man. Oh what bottom he. He means mental treatment immediately. Just ice skating. You go to the or today ice skating ring and just ice skating alone. Take off the wind. Yeah these guys are wearing all the equipment that we got on skates to top it off on ice and they're beaten the crap out of each other and they're getting a high stick and spirit and getting concussions. They're breaking their toes. They're coming back out to they lose three teeth and a fight to come back out there and play. What the what the hell's this guy talking about? I'm not a fan of hockey but I'm so crazy like poor eight men out. They're always got a few got a pulled hamstring. He's on for like three weeks. I mean he's got a bunch of pussy's most of these football players. I agree with you. I'm baseball players. They're going to hang nail around for six weeks. How do I? How do I? How do I? How do hockey players get paid and comparison to the other sports? Do they get paid to it? It's getting up there now. Yeah it's getting out of control. Well hockey is a rough sport. Okay sir. And then the other. And then the date counties are up counties so you can relate to whatever great there. He's living in date counting. Now let's hear how there's one. He just barely squeaked across the county line to Miramak. Now he's back in date. Let's take up a collection. We have an open line in date counting five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the unimobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. Lot of heavy breathing in Miami. But they got so much going on there. They can't speak. Two open lines in date. And the one line of one call we do have on a date line that calls from Naples. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. Hey I couldn't agree with you more than hockey players being tougher than football players. I mean football players you see without teeth. Right. Good point. And another thing I got to tell you. I couldn't agree with you more about that date counting thing. I used to live in Kendall for 10 years. Oh god. I came over here to Naples. I hate going back. All right. You'll take care. Congratulations sir. Thank you. Here's a man that escaped Kendall. Let's hear it. Oh. By the way, we'll be at borders in Kendall. When how's that going to be? Saturday, November 21. Don't forget borders over here to the Gala Rean for Lauderdale tomorrow noon to two with our best up stuff and you can call us into one order at the best of CDs and because that's by mail, 954. 5633600. 5633600 and the next two tonight 6th April at the very very famous piece of law in Davey. Speaking that, here's Davey. Hello. Yes sir. Did you mention Hellendale? Oh, do you forgot Hellendale. Oh, I can't. The and dainia i said it's pretty old and rower i think i had a point absolutely you know football hockey they're both pretty violent i mean you think about the uh... the face mask and ripping the guys head sideways and the wadr cvergo and i'm little with the ill going up for a catch and get but those those are things that happens sporadically yeah the hitting in hockey doesn't stop i mean hitting a hockey goes on continuously all the time that the game is being played great agree with you uh... i think that around high noon today yeah uh... let's say uh... can't align rodent four forty one we'll just have it out of the the sports is from rower against the whooos and that's it who'd out at the not so okay around okay pal listen to your yes or right my bike you have a tain and i've got to go back to school but all of a sudden these kids fit on me and throw an empty frutopia bond out the window so uh... i got a little pissed off you know pissed off and just turned the bike around and went down to the next bus stop and made the driver stop and uh... you should have heard these kids i mean colon kids but they were probably in high school and uh... they're really at a control the bus driver looked like a kid himself yeah yeah yeah no control over them but well they're going to be on the other side of four forty one by the way they're going to be we're going to have a little punks are going to be there and then the shfarters and the reporter reekens and it was good and the rest of us will watch have a great day pal oh yeah we have an open line in broad find and i said angry show for an angry town that's what it is i went away i come back in a good mood that that you know that is all about well how come i got to do bad memory every time i come back from vacation like this because i'm in too good of a mood they don't like that they're not a gift very upset about that oh he sounds like he had a real good time and he's in a good mood god damn it because they're really in disgusted that they're still here and i can relate to that so i apologize for fusely not for your aborent behavior open line in broad if you move quickly if you're under the age of a hundred come on let's hear a little bit why i'm proud it's so much god damn better than no i think i had a good point twenty four eight eight Alex plan tired you Vegas Look now! I'm going home. It gets hit from girls. There's no info. And I'm on the top of the ice. It's this thing. Okay. This is one. And I'm on my ice. It goes crazy. When it's cut, When it's bigger, It's better. When they kill my hand. It's hot to my chest. But when it moves, There's room my best to came out of my dream. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's the thing. It's so beautiful and it's mine. Hopefully all you've punched out there, God made sure so that you could appropriate to make babies because what they'll do is dumpsters without unwanted babies. We have an open line in days five, six, seven, five, six, six, the and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Forced their realization man. It was in this show. We got the radio wars. We got the date, Howard Wars going today. I thought they want to go. They want a good God damn war is what they want. And it came just to the right place. Here's a mobile and del Rey. Hello. Hello, me. Yes. I'm pissed off about going to take it anymore. About that earlier, the call before about the South beach in the river. It's fired up when I hear someone say that. Right. I got news. And that's based on our, our, our God damn novel. He's good to live in. And breathing. He was, and they watched the freak. Wanted to be like him walking around. Yeah, the freak show. That's right. Like there's somebody. But just tongue bikini is a boyfriend, you know, holding his thing. Exactly. Let me tell you about the NSL. Those those damn commercials are killing it. They're killing it. The reasons he got those people that are so damn NFF. On the offensive line of what not just. Yeah. It's probably our backwards and a cloud of yellow. Well, I was just saying the George, you know, the ones that really impressed me is great athlete are these lineman who weigh about $5,500. Big fat slabs who can really even move. Those are real great athletes to me. I'd like to see them on ice gates for about. See how far they were. They fall under big fat ass. It's, it's for an out commercial, for an out commercial. It's, to my ears. What it is. And these people don't want to admit it. They don't admit it. They would be like, my goal and as much of a hockey fan as I am. I go to that exhibition game last night. Staying the whole game, which of course I did not. And then coming in here today, try to say, wow, that was an exciting. It was an exhibition game. It was a craft like all exhibition games. At least I'm honest about it. But these people, they're forced like I've been saying for weeks now. They're forced to try to convince themselves that what they're watching is really exciting and quality ball in its craft. And it can accept that. My sentiment is exactly. I don't care who the tough. I just want to watch some confidence in NFL. I haven't been showing that too much lately. That damn for agents. He's telling it. Ninety five percent of the teams at Lee Garbap. Here on a dull the rate. Right. And it had some pop. Will the follow team, any team outside of your own? Because you watch my tone. Who the hell are they? I don't know anybody. I absolutely correct sir. Why the hell watching? And have a great time. Have a great week. I gave you good comedy. All right. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Is the post of the usual crap? Is that what you meant? I mean, we like what you like. Okay. I'm not going to sit here and try to make converts. As far as sports or meals or whatever. Whatever you like. But don't sit there and try to convince us of something that is blatantly paddling on the surface untrue in a bunch of horse horse. That right. Oh, yeah. You're a, you're a, you're a schmuck. You don't see that. There's so much more hitting in football. Yeah, right. They're whack in it all right. Mostly in a locker room. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Good morning. I've just stayed tonight. We moved up to Delray about, I would say about 15, 20 years ago. And I just stayed used to be a nice place. And now it's not so nice to play. And I would suggest to you that it wasn't from the local. Oh, I do like that. Yeah. Yeah. It would not come in any Spanish people up here. Not that I have that anything. Yeah, of course not. I understand. But you know what I'm saying. What are you saying? Well, I like to let's stay down there. I don't come up. Delray Beach. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Let me spread my hatred. I asked the cameo. He is okay. He hates the Cuban. That's all. It's his story. He had Puerto Ricans. Not too crazy. How about the dimensions? You like them? No. I'm sorry. How unusual. White flight. Okay. White people run away. Other people come in. Although there are some white Cubans. I mean, a few. George and how many other 10 or 12 others. Here's a mobile and pepper fine. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to have a chance to stick to actually the Amar was just like a giant step forward. They're going to rehire at Jim Bowles as a manager. We heard that. As a 2 p.m. Oh, my god. What are the views? Yeah. That old Renew ticket sales all over the world. Yeah. I'm going to hit the ball right now. Well, I tell you a lot of things. He works a lot. Keep written generally. Let's just keep that in mind. I agree. I said it's everybody. I'm listening. The thing with that strawberry. You want to have it described as a sizeable. I can't get the picture of a walnut. It's got coal in it. What can they just say it's an inch and an hour and a half and a hour and two inch. Whatever it is. I just picked it up. Well, they would have compared it to something bigger like maybe a watermelon. People would have figured that was a racial comment. So they tried to size it down to something we can all relate to. The walnut is brown. It'll be okay. Okay. Okay. See you. That's funny because Eric Davis and Darrell Strawberry were like real abus and buddies. They both wind up with the colon cancer and Eric Davis came back big time. We've got a last story. And Darrell will be okay too. He'll be okay. Morning. We have an open line in date 567560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. May? Yes sir. Hey. I'm a front of you brought up the thing about the the hitting and the in hockey and all on the other set of footbonds. Because at one time when I didn't have a life I actually sat in front of a TV watch an entire broad cast of a football from one to clock to the forecloth. Yeah. Where the stopwatch? Really? Yeah. And to sit there in time the actual playtime. So that's what you're there to watch. You want to watch the other thing? Right. Each play takes about 3 seconds and out of a 3 hour broadcast how much time do you think you actually watch football? 15 minutes. 15 minutes. Exactly. Really? And then I did it again the first time was 14 minutes. Mm-hmm. Second time was almost 16 minutes. How sad? I couldn't believe it then. And the other thing I laughed a lot about is how much these I do a point out to the 400 town guys. There are big fat slabs there. Yeah. How much by any stretch of the man? I don't care how immutable they are or all the other stuff that they're supposed to do. They are big fat slabs. The big fat slabs is not an athlete. No. What's the fun is the amount of steroids and and right. And weightlifting. Right. It's up to get into all that just a skinny guy from some foreign country can come over and put the bottle of the hoop to the upright for 3 points. Mm-hmm. Right. And never get his uniform dirty. Okay. I'll have a great day. Some guy with a name we can't pronounce or some guy from Italy like kid on the dolphins. What does his name George? We have an open line. The field will kicker. Come on. The Mara Mara what the hell is his name? Don Croyon. No. He said we go. He's like a real Italian kid. He's a great. We have an open line in days. Come on. Joe. Watch his name. The field will kicker. Orlando, Mara. Is that his name? Joe Costello. You're Guido. Is he? Oh, he's not in a room? No. He's in a room. What's up? Hey, listen. No. I don't want to win. I mean, I don't know what you guys are doing over there. But I mean, the audience isn't paying any attention to me. So why the hell should you guys over there be paying any attention? They're taking up an office pool. As to whether John, John Bowles or Chester Bowles, that's going to be the manager of the Guide Day of Marlins. There's a press conference at two o'clock. We'll find out. Orlando, Mara. Well, I'll kill the first part of Hank. Shall we have you about that? Orlando, Mara. Right? That's a field we'll go kicker for the dolphins. Yes. He went to high school with me. Good friend of mine. Is he really? Yeah. I knew him. We were in a... What is in the human form Italy originally? We're seeing just from the Italian family. Oh. Is that sounds... That sounds like we're all fed. I didn't think he was just a gweer like you. I thought he was a real excited. How about this? Throughout high school he was... Lindo, Mayor. Lindo, Linda, Linda, Mayor. Through middle school and high school. And now that he's a pro-kicker he's a little bit more... Oh, Lindo. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There's a little insight for you. Joe Costello went to school with Linda. Mara. We have an open line in day five. Didn't even got guys named Linda in the NFL. What does that tell you? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, on the mobile one line. North Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Nil. I was just a channel surfer in the other night. And I come across the... The Christian station. I see Benning Hint. I was just wondering. Oh, oh. If we crucified Benning Hint, can we get another 2,000 years? No, yeah. Can I let the three juniors I got tied to my backyard, go now? Yeah, okay. Get to deal. We'll swap... We'll make a swap for you. Oh, wait. I've got an open line in day one in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, and a mobile one line. Benning Hint, he's actually... He's only... He comes near you, you fall down. I think I knew it was looking at me, you fall down, laughing. Here's having a chair. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Nil, how's it going? Okay. You know what they should do with all these people out of the county that are ragged on your show? They should just put them on on the boat and send them back wherever they came from. I live right here on County Land Road. There's room to subject of the county, Bar County. What do you think about Boko Ritton? What do you think about that? I think Boko is a plastic place. I haven't spent very much time there, but I think Boko is a place where people go to hide. Yeah. All right. That's good. I'm glad I called you. Thanks. Okay. Have a great life. I'm really glad, too, huh? Okay. Six minutes, no, no, no, no, five, six, six, six, five, six, five, six, five, six. Now in Broward, we may have a lot of old people, but guess what? Most of them speak English. Huh? English? They do. Most of them speak their own hands. You think? Except the winner. You'll have to speak French. Ah. But they won't be going by the way Canadian dollars back in the toilet again. One fifty five. Whoo! That means those frauds are not going to be able to afford to become a down at all now. Did I say five minutes for you? Yes, I did. Royal traffic team. QA, yeah. But Neil, why'd your show later, Dale? It's Friday. You plastic. What a guy here is a new dance. Some people call it barfans. I call it a dirty swearman. Up with the baby go down with the pants. And with the baby everybody's dancing. Oh, right. Girl, when rags on up against the walls, got with a horn from a knee to a wall. Oh, right. Girl, grab your partners, firmly find a ball, drag them down, the way for the walls. Make them holler, make them shout. What you pretty ass up against is now. First lady goes to Staking Lady Pass. Third lady finger up the horse guys. I guess. Finger out from a knee to horse. Now release the horse guys ball. Now with the baby go up with the pants. Dance in the ganda that there is swear dance. Don't you know I reckon. I'm tired now. I think the beautiful crab needs a free ride to take. Oh, we got some shocking news. It's 12.01 at 5.60 WQM. You better fasten your seatbelt. So, okay, you ready for this? Oh, George, maybe getting this bonus. Or not. Well, Greg Regis came down here. He's got the contracts all typed up. This is whatever deal he made with George months and months and months ago. And there's only one problem. What are they put on here? Joe Smith instead of George Rodriguez? Gary. Gary Rodriguez. Which is a very Hispanic name, Gary. And a lot of Rodriguez is named Gary. Don't you? No. That's like Korean shorts. So, you know, Greg was telling me, you know, we may be able to cross that. I say, yeah, cross it out in the National Road. Don't send it back over there to Naples again and give the measly boys a chance to stall off because that just gives us a more stall time. Oh, you know, the pony's pretty sick and that mail's pretty slow. You're right. And dosy, though. So, there you go. It just may be it might be it could be. I believe it when we see it. Two open lines and date 5.6705. 60 and 5.50. 60 on our AT&T wireless line. They're both in date County, where all the action is. That's why we don't get action on the phones and date. They're busy there. They're busy doing drug deals and stuff. North Miami, hello? Nail? Yes, sir. I'm American. I live in Miami. I've been here since I was 13 years old. I don't have any plans to leave. All right. There's not only about at least two or three. I understand all these jerks that the American saying that they need to get away from Miami and the Cuban. When I went to elementary school, I didn't speak any Spanish and I learned it. Yeah. I speak it fluently and I love Miami and it's a beautiful place. I don't like people sitting up to get away from it because it's up so bad. Miami is a beautiful place. Yeah. It's not a crime-infested toilet. Everywhere is a crime-infested toilet. Oh, no. You got coconut grove, you got top-peach, you got a lot of bottles. You got a lot of bottles. You got a lot of bottles. You got a restaurant. You have a people, you can learn different languages. Miami is a great place. You brought gas out of Miami, don't you? No, we're out in Miami. We're in the hell. We're in the county line. I don't know what this is. This is a little Jamaica. I don't know what these people are doing. I think it's a crock. You know? They're attitude towards Miami and everything else. Well, first of all, don't forget, they're not the ones that started it. This little puddle-backer from date is the one that started this war here. I think the rest of us were coexisting rather well and living over to how we wanted to live. And this little puddle-backer, thank God, called and start all of this. Yeah, we have that mentality where you don't speak Spanish, so you want to get out of town. I don't know. I don't really care whether I speak Spanish or not. I just want to live where it's a little more oppressive. You know what I'm saying? What do you mean by flat? A little more up peaceful. We're only here gunshots once an hour, instead of twice. You think Miami's too raw for you? Miami's a little bit too cryy for me. I'm too old. I'm getting up there in those years where I'm getting a good and a broad-like glove. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, what? I'll be in the cemetery. Miami a little bit. I think I'm very kind. I speak fluent Spanish. I think Miami's great. The thing, you're handling the bread with the bread. All right, a reaper there. All right. Okay, date counting. Not a call in date. All three lines were working. We're working. We're screaming. We're playing. We're jumping up and down. That's the load to any good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 18, 2, wireless line. We don't have anything against day-to-day. Oh, we do. Here's for a waterdale. Hello. You got to know your nail? Yes, sir. If anyone doesn't think that hockey is dropping, the third period last night. One of the new forwards took out one of the defense and for the hurricane behind the net. And I mean, he leveled him sideways across the board. I thought it was Bill Lindsay did that, not one of the new forwards. Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I wasn't as in my paper. I wasn't there. I was only there for one period. But the paper says Billy Lindsay is the guy that the cool costum. Cool costum. The guy was vertical. I mean, horizontal across the board. The team flying off. He was down for a good two minutes. Get up, helmet off. How old blood the whole night? You're all right. You talk about it. I mean, that was a great hit. I have a question for you. I, Eddie Johnson and Jocelyn there were at the game last night. What were they doing there? Scouting. Cutting for whom? Penguin's in the devil? Evidently. Hmm. I don't know. I would assume they were scouting for somebody. I have no idea what what either one of them is doing now. Yeah, they were up in that night. Johnson and the Pittsburgh organization. Right. Right. Right. They were both there last night. And I was like, why do you got to remember? We got the waiver draft. In fact, Billy Smith was up there with somebody else to be there. Yeah. At down 95, it's a joke. Well, thank God we got great places in Bower did drive like University, driving Helen Dale Beach Boulevard. Oh, true. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. I got a request. Yes. You got blank between your thighs. Okay. See ya. Blank between your thighs or a, you have something else in mind. Well, please don't tell me that that's, oh, I got to go get on the disc. Is that not in there? Huh? I'll get it. Just relax, pal. Everything's at a control. I know where it is. And they get this too. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 70560. Here's the call springs. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I want to talk about the football violence. Football violence? That's great. When the quarterback could kick my blind side. Yeah. What happened? What happened with the sock over your phone? With the over your mouth? A sock? Yeah. Sounds like you got a sock over your phone. You got a sock over your phone. You got a sock over your phone. Are you getting, um, hockey players, the power-wise or anything like that? Any hockey players, what? The power-wise. Yes. And killed also, yes. Is that good enough? No, I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. Yes. I'm not just telling you, yes, they have, of course. We certainly have never left. Have you ever seen a hockey game in person? No, I have. Well, see, that's that difference. When you see one in person, and when you can hear the body sitting in each other and the boards and all the actual sounds of what's going on, then you realize what a very, very violent game it is. Right. But you can't compare the two different supports. You know, the violence of both of them. No, yes, you can compare. Of course you can compare. Why not? Yeah. So how could we hear? And how about the ping pong? Is there more violence in football or ping pong? Yeah, there you go, huh? Rest my case. Oh, but you can't compare. There is no issue except that some pudwacker from New York called before some old fart would know life. It starts giving me a song and it ends on my schmuck and I'll put, because I don't agree with him that there's more violence in football than there is a hockey. That's why. And anybody with a brain knows this guy's full of crap and I'll go back and a guy to him subway would go in our guess. See one thing about New Yorkers, man, they're like George. That's one thing I'll say. They're just like George. They have the answers. That's it. Don't argue with them. Don't this, Gus, no matter what the subject is. Sports, music, sex, no matter what it is. They got the answers. Period. What's your point? Exactly. And of course with me, I find that all very amusing. Because I got the answers and I know I'll be under shadow. So why don't you show that I was in the Georgia, New York? What the? Why need their bullcraft for it? Oh my God. You're being very difficult with me this morning. We have a lot out your ass, bitch. We have an open line of day one and one and day. Like I said, day county, day county, day county, all my life. It used to be the other joint. Let's go. Right. All our lives. We were hockey and a try to go about. Wow. See, there's no place to go in this town because there's no place on AM anyway. Where you can get both counties and really feel right in the middle here. Well, right smack on a goddamn county line. I control a goddamn bowling ball from here up the road about the, uh, I have it as a block and hit county line road. That's how close we are right to the middle of day and Broward. We are perfectly geographically located here to be appealing to both state and Broward. But for some strange reason on this guy, damn radio station, even though our great sales manager upstairs, she's got most of our appearances coming up for 101 in day county, which I do not understand because 90% of our audience appears to be in Broward County. Are you following me or what? No. OK. It was checking. 9MVLs can see. QA, yeah. I can't go right my way. What'd you say? Come on, Sally. Cut the crap. 1214 at 560 WQM. The permedics are really boards and she left town. Oh, we already heard that. Here's a call from Pemberpine, hello. Yes sir. How's it going? Great. I'm looking. Are you a more of a Toronto Maple Leaf fan or a fan? Toronto Maple Leafs are number one. The panters are closed second. OK. We need to add an April XI. 1 Panters are distant. I mean, second. We think about the situation with the new agonists that they moved out of your arena. Well, what happened with that? I saw that they canceled a game because the arena was condemned or something. They said it was what happened. Well, actually what happened was that they didn't think that the arena was safe. And that is the people who made the game. He did. You and Mike Milbury will need it. We have an open line of priority. 560, 705, 60 don't forget that CBC series. Not a clock. I think it's on tonight to get to our night. For the hockey fans if you have the big dish or somebody that does not a clock each night. Really interesting stuff. Life's not a course. They were doing a step about Gary Benton blowing it with those Olympics. Nice going. Gary, you little jackass. Oh, man. And then of course, Canada and the US coming back with egg on their post. And of course, the US athletes remember that episode even you remember when they had the thing if the village of it earned Japan and that were where I am. We're in the literature and did about and worth the damage. I don't know. Well, we know who's going to do it. Here it is. How long is it later now? That was back in February. And it's October. That's even before George's bonus was do that's how long ago that was. And do we have any idea who the players were who's involved? No. No, we don't. We never get the answer. No. Kind of like the Kennedy assassination. Somebody somewhere knows. In fact, a lot of people know. But will we ever get the answer? No. No, because they're all covering up for each other. Like that jackass who was giving me a song advance about Peter Jennings yesterday. They're all covering up for their colleagues. Yeah, right. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, don't. Okay, sir. I'm not. I'm a little reporter. Both of that call that, or I actually had a stopwatch. Yeah. The first. I'll be in a place before it is late. What is that after? Would I never play football either, but that doesn't mean I don't know how long the actual way would football in. I can tell you first of all, football is way more physical in hard. No change. No, you played hockey. You played hockey? I played hockey in Boston. Was it a dancing carder? Ha ha ha ha ha. It's because. Pay me a saying that. No, it's not saying it was a name. Paul. Will they really agree? No. No. No. They have the bush. They have the bush. Yeah. But yeah, back to the closer. I mean, carry me. I think. I think. Hmm. I think they're playing a big bit. But he's never played on a line. It's like a fight every play. In an innovation, which is interesting thing. But in a football game, the. The. The old days when men were really many, you know, a lot of players used to go both way. So to speak, they're going off into the. Now, of course, if we have this specialization, there's no such thing. No players play both on offense and defense except maybe the on beyond. But other than that, there's nobody else out there doing that. So the offense is only on the field. Maybe like 40 50% of the game, or depending on how the game is going. So guys are sitting on their ass on the bench half the game. So take the 15 minutes divided by two. Now you're down to seven minutes. But no, I mean, you're not. You have my fucking way. We both. Everybody's coming up. We're going to come up with ways. We play both way. And I don't go. I go away. We're going away. Okay. Well, we'll be out there to see. Not. We have an open line today. He's coming up to the county line. Okay. I'll give it a watch out for this guy because you've come up to the county line. He's going to be shooting it all over the place. Gorgeous. He's drawing the line in the sand. We have an open line today. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, and five, six, six, the on the AT&T. That's right. How come I never thought of that before? We're talking to got, I mean, granted hockey players are only out there. You know, it's 45. Just whatever it might be. Sometimes they're out there for an entire pile of play two minutes. Not very often. You know, listen to what? But granted, they, you know, they skate several shifts again. The important players, we're talking guys who are 28, 30 minutes of ice time in again. As opposed to guys, we're playing okay. 15 divided by two is seven and a half minutes and get a game of actually being on the field. What are we talking about? Seven and a half minutes of game? It depends. You gotta be a huffin' and puffin' a lot of oxygen in between. You're huffin' it. Remember Sam Huff? Here's a mobile and poor lotterdale. Hello. Poor lotterdale. Yes, sir. Deal? Yes, I am. I want to hear about somebody rammed me. I'm gonna be at Zoom. Dean? I was requested by her parents. Her mother wants to change her album. Okay. Open line. How come I knew it was some kind of a stupid joke? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, the dow was up about 60 points. Oh, wow, while we were sitting here not paying too much attention. I was watching out of the corner of my eye, but I just thought, now it would be a real good time to tell you. Now it was up 61 points, like I said. The next day's time is about 15. The tax are not having to really... Great thing again. But at least the dow is up a little bit. There's a little bit of a hole. A little bit of a bounce. Like they said, it's gonna bounce. They're bouncing on it. Don't get too excited though. Won't happen again Monday. Here's a mobile and book. Hello. Hey, what's the chance I'd follow on idiot on the show today, huh? You just did. Well, I have two quite... I was actually expecting the story. Back in the story. I'd be like almost 100%. I'm a label. I have a friend who's up in Jupiter. He's a teacher anyway. He hit a little puppy. I don't know if you guys heard about the story down there. On the way to school. Yeah. And what happened is that they got hit and it took off into the woods. Well, now I hear on the news a couple days are playing up. There's some cold out there. That's getting animal from all this. And he said, look, you know, he went forward after he's seeing that on the news. He said, no, I think that's all. I think I hit the dog. And I didn't go get ran up in the woods. Now they're going to charge him and put him in jail for a year, up to a year, for animal cruelty. Excellent. How about that? And I got a question. Where can I get a big dish? I've been calling around every Thursday or a legal. No, they're not. That's what I want. And I want to figure out if you get a permit and you live where up in Jupiter? And you're actually living, or say Lucy. Oh, then you should be able to go in no problem. George, give me a more Hamid's number. You want a number for real? I'll be great because I'm dying for one. Okay, hang on. Okay, there's a guy that's going to be watching some good stuff. We have an open line of day. Where's it? I'm lying wherever it line he's on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump. 5, 60 on the 18, too. So what's he talking about? Some crazy cult of scler puppies. Oh, the man who runs our cult raised. Our house with her in date. Me all the night. The spaceship comes from bother. To take us to our feet. So I like all my day on my dad's purple. Shrown around my head of my head. I long to meet his credit good. Wish I was dead. And like you, my soul for two. The man who runs our cult. And don't forget. There's no fact in the church. Open line and date County. We're trying to get these date bastards away. Can alive today, man. Is there anybody who speaks any language that we might understand today? We're going to need to make ends up there. We got some Jamaican women out there today. That's what we want. Some of those imperious condescending Jamaican women. To talk down there knows and tell me what a slob I am. I want to hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump. 5, 60. That dow is up. 78. The next that's only down 11. It's making a big comeback. We're going to wind up. Of course it's only 12, 20. Don't count it yet. Don't start counting yet. But something must have happened. That we're not aware of. Something is going on out there. Somebody must have found some money at our god day in mattress. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh. Yes. Yeah, I don't. Okay. That guy with that baloney about the football game. Can you compare football to hockey? I've been a hockey fan most of my life. I used to hang out in the garden. I'm on the top row and hold on his shooting. He's pretty much the guy's to kill each other. But the range is an immigration. So yeah, look at him. That's all. That's right. He wouldn't know where we're from. Well, I can't get that loaded. The Reeve like can't get downtown here. Because I'm a handicapped person. Yeah. But I imagine out there that no arremas of these you to get to. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm going to take a shot. I'm going to write up 75. It's right off of I 75. You need to drive right in. Yeah. That was the problem with this downtown over here. My name was Peter. You know, I got to get up. I saw pictures of that place. I'm going to tell you, sir. I saw it. It is so gorgeous. It is so safe. It is so lit up. It is so beautiful. So convenient. You'll just you all you won't believe it. I'm going to make a shot. There. I'll see you there. Okay. And of course, if you didn't. If you missed the beginning of the show, they, the Panther organization, which I think them again profusely, God, do they love me? Separately, of course. Understand, baldy was made a quick visit in the RQAM. Fox last night. Too bad I wasn't up there, huh? Without having been great. Automating Bill Tory. He was up there too. Of course, Bill's my good buddy. Now Mr. Botai, him and B.M. We've kind of kished and made up. I like Terry Murray though. I tell you one thing. Regardless of what happens with this season, Terry Murray. I think is a good coach. Okay. I mean, he's a good guy. I like Terry. I sat down. I had a long chat with him. I said, hey, listen, yeah. He said, you're right. No matter what you say, you're right. And I said, hey, here's a guy that knows what side it's on. Look at this beautiful number 98. Rodgers. That's the third Panther uniform, which these are really nice too. By the way, which are like a lot better than the right ones, the road uniforms. And I thanked him for a few years for that and Steve Dangerfield for my great seat. Third section 101. And we saw a lot of our old friends from an I guarantee you come to your first home game, which I won't be there. That's right. I should probably give those. I should probably give those tickets away. Shouldn't I? Those tickets for the opening game against Tampa since I'll be out of town next weekend. And that yellow parking pass, the preferred parking pass. I shouldn't have probably mentioned that. Should I? No, because then that guy will, I'm out. I'm done with that guy. And it were very nice to me. He made several of those little, the meal statue, you know, and then the Ray Wittney won. But when he pulled that on me yesterday, I just, I couldn't get over it. I just, I couldn't believe it. Wait, did he have a lot of hits? Yes. I mean, you know, if you're going to do nice things for me, don't like to start sucking around for stuff that I'm not even giving away yet. Or they all want they want. We want it. Whatever you've got, we want it. If I had some loose change in my pocket right now, they probably want it. If I got some loose change, I'm feeling the change. What's going to look at that poster of Enrique? Look at that. I got 35. 40 cents loose change in my pocket. Anybody want it? I don't think it's $0. Don't be frustrated. Chief faster. Wonder how much Ross P. Roe was slipping to be on that show. How wonderful's getting that. 26 past noon in the bulk camper. Six, we got the Yankees and Texas game three from Arlington, Tauho's, the Texas at 745. Well, Renzo, this is the most disgusting program. Everyone to complain to this station. We in the last night, rumors come up to stairs to say, hello owners of Guy, a talk of a beast that can be hiding. And said, oh, there it comes. Penis for Rimmer. He says, you must be just coming from Arby's and remember, says, I don't even eat at Arby's talking about that lives by Joe does, where he talks about the 80 for one special, the Rimmer special. And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, that's the problem. He doesn't eat at Arby's. We might be more willing to buy him some more meals if he ate at Arby's. He doesn't eat the no cheap places that Rimmer. You know what I'm saying? Don't be frustrated. Right. Here's Latter Hill. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a phone. I can go to the show. I'm going to the game last night. Yes, sir? I mean, it was beautiful. I think I'm looking at those. Maybe you can even give me your opinion on it. The penalties that were taken last night were just super penalty. But it's an exhibition game. I mean, is you want to critique an exhibition game? Are you still playing out there and you're still out there trying to show what you can do? Oh, I saw was the first period I didn't see you a lot of stupid penalties. Or if you penalty. If you thought it were well out there, he would not have probably for about five shifts and pull forth penalty down. Yeah. I've had a pretty good in the first period. The guy's a good in that period. No, my thought he played pretty good in the first period. He's skating a lot better. And I'll say it again. I thought he plays in promo with dramatic over last year. I didn't see any kind of thick handling. He had two great chances. There are right in front of the net. He made him created two of the chances. I'm not saying he's a girl. A skilled player yet. But he's sure better than he was last year. Last year, I wouldn't have given you a 50 cents for a chance to make the team. No, I, I, I, I give him credit for the work ethic that he's put in. But yeah, I still think about that. You're going to watch exhibition hockey games. You can't start critiquing getting stupid penalty. There is no point in that. You look at the young guys and you see, you know, which guys are playing good like this Peter Ratchock can play the real world. I thought last night. It's number 59. And, and you look at that. And of course, Victor Coslaw, every game that he plays, he just gets better and better and better. But the mood this guy has is unbelievable. Yeah. He and Whitney. Why didn't they sign him to, uh, long and then the year deal that they signed. It doesn't make sense. You got young talent. Don't you want to sign them for a long time? Yeah, but they're, you know, they see it's, it's fear again. They claim they're doing him a favor because that if he has a big year, they demand, you know, they're priced. But they're just terrified to give it anybody long-term contracts and spending a lot of money. You know, they're going to not pan out and it's going to blow up in their face again. You would think it's the down. Oh, man. What's that all about? But don't get too excited. Open line and power in 5, 6, 7, 7, 9. See, somebody just poskyed with the air conditioning because you can, I can feel it now. That he just came on in here. Can't you feel the difference? I would love to know who in the guy, see, this is a radio show going on in here. This isn't a lounge for the salespeople or for the other guy that people can wander in and out of here. If it's getting too chilly for you, go out and stand outside in the sun. Okay, and then go bake your brains. I'll get a nice and melanoma. But quit, poaching, around with a guy damn thermostat out there in a hallway. We get it just the way we all like it. We're all comfortable. And an airbie, guy damn day, some bozo wouldn't surprise me. And it's big enough for a bozo since I got myself started on this. I'm going to tell you something. I really mean this. Gary Sarner, I was talking about people yesterday who might have naked pictures. Gary Sarner has got to have a whole scrapbook full of naked pictures to keep this man's job. There, you know, we went through this thing with Lewania that they about copy about getting our sponsors some new copy like once every five years. It'd be good to try to do an a more effective job for them. This man, he works on a station of his own. He don't work on QAM. He don't work on kiss. He don't work on power ninety six. He works on Gary Sarner radio on another planet. This man will not be phased. He will not produce. Every single account in here that's his account. It's the same old stuff with the scratches on the. I mean, it's a nightmare. Are you kidding anybody? Gary Sarner? No, you're sure not kidding me. No. I try to cooperate with a guy cut a spot for him this morning. It's going to run another day parts at a very pulpy amount. And he comes to me yesterday more. Oh, you want to get paid for that? And I said, yeah, I want to get paid for each month like everybody else here does. Like I'm going to do a freebie for him. I'm going to start doing favors for Gary Sarner. That's taken years off my life because he don't know copy from his goddamn fat. Welcome, Jesus. You're useless, Gary. You really are hopeless. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neo, you invite people to call for free tickets. And then when they do, you insult them and see they're sucking around. Yes. Yes. I didn't invite anybody. I didn't invite anybody. I didn't invite anybody. I call for free tickets. You know, something certain the people that bring us free food and free cigars. Number one, most of the more sponsors of ours. And number two, it's not something that they're not willing to give up that belongs to them. They bring us free food because we did the drugs on the earth. No, I don't. I'm going to call the S today that was a hot gun at China for the tickets. No, I call call you off. Yeah. I just sort of want to say. What's the line? Well, I'm waiting for PBS to come on. Oh, you're just listening in while you're waiting for PBS, but you can call me chapter in verse of what I do on your show. In other words, you just have to have these intermittent radio accidents because you're such an intellectual you're waiting for PBS to come on. Don't be like it, board with the regular programming in some time. You listen to this show every single day. And I don't invite people to call and ask me for my personal tickets unless I announce on here that I'm giving them away. If I'm giving something to me, are you and so the people have to they've called? What is it? Even after you announce something here that you have tickets and you offer them to your listener. Yeah. And what about it? What is it that you want? You don't want to give them to them. You want tickets? Do you want tickets? No, I don't. Well, good, because you're not getting any. But the dial tone is free. Okay, sir, and have an enjoy it and save it all week in law and go watch your guy to MPBS. Here's another guy. Oh, he's just calling me and giving me a lecture on how I should do this show and I do this wrong and do that. But he's not really listening. He's waiting for PBS to come on. Whatever that means. He's waiting for it to come on. Isn't PBS on now? On the last time I checked. That was up 93 points. I want to do the roof. Thanks to. They'll cut. And that guy was in date county by the way. We have two of them. Don't count your chickens yet. We've waited for them. They'll come back from the dead on this show today. After three of the worst days in the history of the guy named human race. After last night, whammy sticking to Tumu with a guy named audio with a big hom job on there. Audio, you couldn't. You could have gotten up next to your TV called on your hand to these next to the TV and stuck your ear up against there and still couldn't have heard the guy named audio. Here's the challenge to date county. Can we have like between now and to a clock? Can we keep those date county lines and actually people? And have something to say. That aren't hostile. That aren't telling me how to do the goddamn show. That don't have a goddamn problem. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. That aren't pissed off and fired up. Can we do that? No. You're right. Ficed to Dorothy. Kevin and Orgy on this set. Of the Wizard of Oz. Dorothy. Dorothy. Check this out, Dorothy. Oh, skier, Tom. I love a role in the Hay with you. Oh, how about me over here? That little toy of the... Oh, is that your tail? Oh, I'm just trying to get the courage, you know. I'm just trying to get it out. No, I'm giving it out. Dorothy, how about me over here, Dorothy? How would you like to be over here? Put some oil on your phone. Feel so good. All me down, Dorothy. Oh, is it given me a heart? Oh, is it given me a heart on Dorothy? Oh, oh. Why don't you know Jack Hailey? The Tin Man He was... Huh? Okay, where were we going? Never. You saw the Wizard of Oz, right? Of course. Of course. Thank God. Well, he was a dance for Luther. He was a... Here's a mobile on the alley, hello. On the alley, yes, sir. I do a nail. Okay. Good listen. I just touched it on the eye. You think I used to play hockey back in Chicago for what they used to call us. Some I protein. Yeah. And I got it with Ray with the man. You try and skate up and down the ice to shift and keep your head on your shoulders. There's a lot more endurance, you know, for hockey than the original football. There's no doubt about that. I've even accomplished that, I mean, anybody that would even debate it is an idiot. Well, I play bowling, you know, just two or so. I can see what was coming at me. Yeah. You know, but I'm... I've been here but I'll play anymore. But, uh, such an, the county wars again. I was, uh, I relocated from Chicago. Down to Kendall of all places about 10 years ago. Oh, right. Yeah, right. I work for Ray. I've been for just a jewelry firm that's basic. I won't name, but they know who they are. And they used to walk in and they say, uh, you think it's Spanish and I'd say no, let me get a self-person. Now, if you go on to speak up on this. Yeah. And then they send me coffee and they, I get another self-person. They walk up this day and they say, hello, we children and guys. See, um, yeah, I want to get all like. So, I mean, they drive the people off. You know, out of that city. So, I'm happy up in Palm Beach County and that's where I'm going to stay. Well, they watching the New York place. That's what it's coming from. Yeah, so anyway, any deal, I know it's pumped. I'm stucking up, but I got it in a grocery that's week and a click. We have an open line in date. 560, 560, and 560, and 560 on the 18T wireless line. What? Well, it's right on the heels of that open. And that's where you can see the gestures in my city. That's just one. He's been a watch, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff. Something like that. Oh, boy. What open line it's in date County? 560, 560, and 560, and 560 on the 18T wireless line. We got our best of CDs. Thanks to a Christian Fus over here. All the borders have got them in date and Broward. That phone number is up and running at set of one. Which one, that was that number? Please, the number is that I'm. What everybody down. And these are the two best CDs we've ever come out with. By far, and number two of course is a little bit on the x-rated side. You better. Oh my God. Right. Just keep that in mind. But both of them have great. What is that that you have in there? These are the masters. Wow. Real apparently. Woo. We're going to sell the people instead of the CDs. They're going to get the. No, are we going to give those away and put hockey tickets inside them? Yeah, those didn't be great. We can make those in a mailers and put my hockey tickets in there for opening night. Yeah, you're right. You see you offer to give stuff away. And then you're probably to people. You know something. I, you know, this show is given take. They give me a lot of crap. And I give them back a lot of crap. There you go. And I hope you enjoy your PBS when it comes on. You'll fart. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden. Sillown. Neil. Yes sir. I got that guy off. Move them oil, man. I'm great. He was beautiful. Yeah, I saw you as a game. I came up to young to guy with the. Panther tattoo on my arm. Right. I was just going to play. I was just going to play. I was just going to play. I didn't know how anybody couldn't be tremendously impressed. And then, who's that mean, God, the difference between day and night being in the other neighborhood and the other arena and this place is just like a palace. Like he said, there's a couple things we need. But pay the places gorgeous. Right. My drive is almost the same from Bobby's garden. Donner. But you know what? I get down there. I'm not stressed out. I'm having to drive exactly exactly. Of course, when you look for a, you know, 20 blocks away from the night, do that for going to drive home and is stress free. It's a quick zip right up sunrise. I'm up in the Mezzan. But you know what? You've been up there. You had the counter run back. There are back to gold zones up there. Yeah. I tell you what. We throw a couple of bars. Those up there. I'll throw away my Mezzan. He's sitting up there. Well, we're up there watching a couple of game on TV. Watch them. The hockey game. It was. This is like being a sports bar. It was sports bar. It was gorgeous. You see, Ray Shepherd run Francis behind us. No, I did not. I didn't sit right up in those full-in seats right here. Right behind you. Why didn't see that? I had about five or six Carolina guys up there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Right in the end. But hey, I forgot to tell you. Thanks for helping out with the act. And the last 20 pounder. Great. And I came out. I don't get the walk to your Friday to bed. I'll see you at the next one. Let's go. Okay. Yeah, that Frank Tapany boy. He's got some nerve. Give it up a run last night. That old fart that called me earlier today. Man, I'm going to tell you. Harry Kerry would like to come back. Just one logist for a few seconds. Just a cool one right in the middle of your forehead. Open line in date, county 560-60560 on the AT&T Wireless line. One thing about this time, you can't complain about the knowledge of the sports fans in this time because they don't have anything. Maybe 1% I'm lowering it down to 1% I think that may be an exaggeration of the people who claim to be sports fans in this town. Reading or anything about filling the blank. Football, baseball, basketball, pinacola, hockey, you name it. They're making it if it's what sport it is. They know from nothing. And of course the ones who claim to have gone years ago, they're Alzheimer's kicked in so bad they didn't even remember who's on first. Oh yeah, I used to go to the garden. Yeah, yeah, right. Four hundred years ago. Here's Miami. Hello. Juanillo. Yes sir. Are you great. For every month I'm wrong, but I never won a remember you mentioning that you would give away anything. I mean, I'm calling your response to that more on a couple of colors ago that I felt was saying that you'd use colors and saying that you're going to give away tickets and then you don't. Well, I said that a million times. I'm not going to give away anything and then do that. I change my mind. Yeah, people only hear what they want to hear. Yeah. Anyway, this is what you're talking about during you. Oh, of course there are many times a listen there. How many days are there when I say when people keep calling I hint I joker something and they start calling and I say I'm not giving away. I have nothing to give you exactly. This guy's a fruit cake. He's busy watching a big bird. This is Herman by the way. I had one your own personal take is the first time that you give him a ride. And I was just calling a defensive view because, you know, you see, for it. It's out here. Okay, Herman. I had one other comment. Yes. It's really tiring because I've been ice skating before and that right there is exhausting and itself. It's funny. I went up first start watching hockey. It's wall condition athletes can only be on the ice for a minute at a time. I was such a cruel ass for you know. Anyway, Neil, thank you. Thanks a lot Herman. Yeah, just a skating part alone is tremendously draining and in effect that there hit each other and he's tremendous body checks and then the goal is you think the goal is protected. You know, the guy comes skating toward the net and he's hit from behind by the defense. Then they go through a barreling into the goal and drive him into the back of the net like a ton of bricks. And he lies there all sprawled out and then gets up and everybody says, oh, thank God he's going to live. At least for another couple of big saves to legumes over. Oh, no, football. See, I don't understand why people are just so blind. They just refuse to listen. It's like a religion to that. The same thing with religion. Say, same exact thing. I mean, if you love football, you're in a majority. They sit over. In fact, I saw thing in business week. I was reading last night. Over 60% of the sport fan is down in this country of football is the number one sport. Only about 13% hockey. And baseball number two and then NBA. So you're in a vast majority, but that doesn't mean because you like something the best that you're blind to. To its deficiencies or the way it compares to other things. Oh, no, you don't understand, Mr. You're a schmuck. Okay, whatever you say. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, hi, Neil. Yes. You wanted to call to tell you that I enjoy your show. Uh-huh. And I like other guys that they call and they say all the girls in doing the show. My face is different. I love your show. My boyfriend hates you. Really? Yeah, he says it's a good critical. You're not a rapper long on that station. I'm not going to last for a long on that station. I've only been on the year for 23. I know. My days are numbered. I taught him that he just doesn't like it. I think maybe because he's a little homophobic. Yeah, I think he's a latent homosexual. It's probably what it is. I think he's probably got a boyfriend. I don't watch it. No, he's driving real careful. But he's bringing home a sweetie. I've been with him for years. I should know. I'd be washing that thing off with with the cloorox. I wanted to tell you that my mom and she loves you. She doesn't speak a word English. She loves your show. Do you want to watch me? She says you teach to make it kind of like your son's Spanish. That's coming. Okay, sweetheart. All right. I'll tell him to butcher up. Okay. She's right. How do you like that? I like it. Her boyfriend's a fruit cake and she and mommy have good taste. Yeah, I'm too critical. I'm not going to last long on this station. Right. Let's take a look at those last trends. Or which show had like five. In fact, every other day part went down in the last trend. And this show went way to hell up. Oh, they haven't happened. Must have been just an accident. Must have been a mistake. Two open line. They must not have been measuring in date. County on their show because we got two open lines there again. I'm telling you, you people in date County are brutal. I know we got at least 50 people listening in date. And at least five of them speaking was damaged. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six the pound five six the on the AT&T wireless line. I put the challenge out there. I laid it right on the table for you for date County to hold up their And until two o'clock today. I laid it right out there and could they do it? No. Don't look to promising right now. And we got guys calling in. Oh, date County's worth really at bunch of deadheads and Broward. If I had to depend on date County for my livelihood anymore. I'd have been out of business nine months ago today. I sat my ass down in his chair. Here's a mobile and cutler range. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I love the show. I love the whole thing on whammy. All. Thing is why do you allow my old and complaint would be this? Why do you allow the house that's plugged in? Okay. We have an open line today. One in Broward 560. Look at that. George has got the masters in there. Is that one of the. Yes. What are the masters from our best of CDs? That's just beautiful. And that is a beautiful thing to reflect. Enough of that is just blinding. I'm becoming mesmerized and hypnotized. And George is using that as a scam. Then he's going to run here and start doing the show. George is doing a bloodless cool. And he can have it quite frankly this week. 16. 1256. That was up 1111. The next day. It's down only 1.20. It would last there. Almost even Stephen. Oh. Well, thank God for that. But it's only one o'clock. We got a long way to go. We got three hours in about 10 minutes to go before those final numbers go up on the board. So I'll get to excited yet. Hey, Nick's new. Brickty. QA. Yeah. The real Rogers. You're lighter. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. And now the sound of Dorothy having an origin on this set of the wizard. Why just got to play this while I didn't have something else. I was going to play the Rob Cavalin with a new pop pop pop pop pop. I already just played that only minutes ago. I apologize for freezing. You didn't want to hear anything right then to do it. Ha ha ha ha. Well, Rob Cavalin was in here with my check from when he told us about today the show's going off to your arm. Sorry. We have an open line in day five six seven. Oh, five sixty pump. I believe can't blame the guys here. They worked their asses off. They really given it their best shot. Nobody wanted to watch this show. But the good thing is Monday they're going to start doing it the same day. So at least it'll be timely. So you won't have to turn them on at night. And I'm going to be sitting there talking about stuff that happened days ago. And we see going months ago. I mean, nobody's still going to watch it out there. No, but at least it'll be timely anyway. We'll make a timely departure. Here's a Cape Coral. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I mean, another Yahoo, we're coming over from Cape Coral tomorrow to see you. And is that place on fundraiser, thanks? Yeah. And just go east almost all the way to the beach. Just go and go. Right. You want to stop picking up these guys? Is bonkers checked on the way? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'll see you. Thanks. Okay. Is going to bring your bonkers checked. Do anybody believe that? No. One moment, please. I can't believe that. I just did that while Rob was in here abonding. Asking all kinds of personal questions is usual. Don't be a gentle. Okay, Rob, the words getting around are real gentle. Open line and groward. 567. Yes. Yes. 567. 560 and pop 560 on a mobile one line. Here's pepper pines, hello. Yeah, and you. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to come in about Rob and Irma. I get a little physical last night. You said in a pretty good game. He wasn't only just trying to score goals. He was not in the first period. He did not even seem to do anything in the first period. He was like invisible. Oh, he had a pretty good check behind the net. In the first period? Yeah. He was working out. I was on the side of the net at the time that he was working behind the net. Well, I'm, you have to call me a doubting Thomas in his case. I'll believe that he's going to produce one eye when I see it. And I like to see Peter work and getting physical out there. He was intimidating a lot of people. Yeah, he impressed there a lot of me last night. It's compared to what I saw last year. He's really come along. Thank you. Thank you. That's a lot better, too. Right. That's what I'm talking about. Can I make one shameless request? Yes, sir. The e-bondics ABC. Okay. Thank you, sir. And have a great life. You too. And a great weekend. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Don't forget noon to two at Borders tomorrow. Can I see those CDs by the way? Or I may as that in the... Just the mockups? Yeah. They're just, there's no sheets or anything in them. There's no sheets. No sheets? No sheets? I thought. Okay. We'll have the real things though. And they're all at Borders right now. That's a good news. And also don't forget, Pete's a lot for one to give Jeff a lot of free-plus. No way. No. Pete's a lot of six to eight p.m. And also, T-shirt Tom of course will have all of our special T-shirts too. For Santa 1 tomorrow and again, I'm Tuesday night. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Okay. I saw him do you. Like I said, date count. It can be hold up there and... No way. Sand. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. And the A-Zoob. Okay, sir. Listen, what are you going to head out to or date count if the Borders are city tight? Borders on... And date count if... Yeah. Haven't sure. A Saturday October 31st. The Ben and Jerry's never in sure. Gotcha. Perfect. Thanks, sir. Follow me. I'll see you there. Bye-bye. All right. At Ben and Jerry's no less. I don't think you can pick out. You can do your fish food. Don't get on the CDs though. We have an open line in date count. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on a mobile line. They've got 56 and I have minutes to hold up their right in the date count. Anybody believe they can do it? No. I don't either. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hey, I'm from the old man. Yes, man. What are you doing? Okay. It's the finger lady. Oh, the finger lady. Okay. I must have heard your thing. Yes, I did. I didn't go late. My baby. Right. I thought that tickled out to the... Think of a new one saying, Think of the drink a little piece of 50. Yeah. God, founders, get a happy birthday. Because I couldn't call before. Oh, my birthday because I had oral surgery. Oh, you had oral like that. Christianly, did they call this yesterday? Thank you. Thank you. I'm so happy. When George was on before, and I wanted to call him and got some tampons. And I thought that they would say here's pictures on in your place. Oh, huh. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah, you. So I'm joining in doing this, and everything. And have a great weekend. Yeah, you two dear. See ya. Okay. Bye. What you say? Two open lines a day, five, six, seven, five, six. On the mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got an idea for you. You got all these slippers calling in and one of those tickets. You're collecting money for someone. I wanted to start a bid. And start taking their money. Yeah. You want my ticket if you bid. No. I'm 50 bucks because you're on the CD and the ticket. Okay. And you'll see what goes on there. Monday. You'll do that Monday. Okay. All right, then. See ya. We got 200 open lines a day, county. We've had our fill up between now and 15. And we're going to start something really rash. Okay. There's going to be a rash right on your, uh, rectum. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. So the TV shows going off on the number of fifth, right? Has a birthday gift to make. Which I appreciate very much. Here's a lady in sunrise, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I just want to tell you a new Rogerized. How you doing? Okay. I'd like to ask you about Leeland. I'm really sick about him. Yeah. What do you think of, you know, what do you think Wayne let him go? Did he still have three years left on his contract? He had an outlaws. He had the option of staying or maybe he saved a buy. I thought a way which just a really nice guy. So you say? Me, one. I just just drove to pick some of the sarcasm. Yeah. Anyway, what do you think? Didn't dumb Brassby. Wasn't he the general manager from the experts? Uh-huh. And wasn't Felipe a loo, the manager at that time? With him? What do you think he chances are for him, you know, coming to take Leeland's place? None. None? John Bowles is going to be the manager. Oh. Oh. I may sound stupid, but, Felicia, I'm not familiar with you. Some guy they found out of bus. Morrisfield, Chief. Have a great weekend. Oprah Lion and Broward all three in date. Okay. Well, we made it to law. I can't have to want to clock. Ha ha ha. Uh-huh. They don't knock it. The way things started out again today. We've actually made tremendous inroads here today. We've almost made it come back to doing a show. Plymouth like yesterday and today from these two great shows we've had. And I don't have to worry about trying to put together a TV show out of it. Because we didn't even have a radio show out of these today as much as I have our TV show. You know, a winner from Coconut Creek got really lucky in Hollywood, seminal gaming. Got it. It's for 3.05.60 Q.A.L.T. It's Friday. You best too. No. On video. And selling out all over the country. Mr. Kimball. Wait, Jim, did this sound to you? Well, I'm an mover. Some oral satisfaction in the straining. Yep. Now, maybe just a hand job. It's the point of just for redness. Mr. Amy. Mr. Douglas. Glad you could show up. Save your spot right here. It's steaming. It's hard. It's in the back of my pick-up truck. God, lay Mr. Amy. Where you shut up, Ab. And get over here and hold Arnold's steel. Oh, oh, I feel smooth. Amy. Carney. Read it, XX. No, I'm video. Twelve minutes after one, it's five sixty WQM. Former dolphin charged in fire bombing attacks. Let's hear it. Oh, well, it's the attorneys office. On Thursday, charged former mommy dolphin football player Jean Atkins, with solicitation to come and aggravated battery for what prosecutors say was his part in the fire bombing of a former business partner's home. Miramar police charged Atkins with eight counts of attempted second-degree murder to count to varsan and one kind of conspiracy to come and aggravated battery after someone from fire bombs in Alfred and Angela Simmons home in the 7,700 block of Kismat Street and March and early April. Police arrested Atkins 33 more than a month later saying he hired the people who threw the fire bomb. He's out on $275,000 bill. Thursday's charge is a significant reduction from the original count. There you go. All right, Jean. First it's only an accusation. You do understand that, right? Uh-huh. Okay, we have an open line at Brower Date County. Quiet, okay, date County ran out of gas. Put away the count. One-third-two-and-a-half-two, and the FDA. It's Friday, October 2, 1998. That's when they ran. They shot their load. That was it. Couldn't keep it up. Could you? I'm not even close to a clock. There's a mobile implantation, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. We have the name. Long time listener, first-hand caller, Larry. All right, of course. I'm on the presentation. I'm critical to you seeing borders. I'm out of the engineer from U.A. One with a brand called Xenribe. It's not near the beach. It's the person building after U.A. One brand called Xenribe Boulevard. It's not even in the gallery a mall called Xenribe. No, I know that. Okay, so you take some lines east to a one? Just as far as you're at one brand as no. You go straight ahead on sunlight and it's the person building on the right after the bridge. Right. But it's not near the beach. It's on where you're going to be. Well, near a computer side of the beach, an actual five. You can run like a mother and make it. Okay, I'll see you there tomorrow. It'll be great, Joe. Thank you so much. Okay, one call left on a board. Don't look from the 60s. Life 40s, it's better to just not debate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. How 5, 60 on a mobile one line? Any of your staff there? No. Anybody with? Oh, okay. Sorry. Sorry. There's another mobile implantation. Hello. Happy Friday, Neil. Yes, sir. Quite an comment. First comment. I want to say thank you for the Tim Pony's recommendation on the Mama's pieces. I'll get you to all that's great stuff. Man, those huge clothes of garlic in the basil. Nothing like it. I've smeared on the Mama Mary's crust and it is out there. Yes, sir. And the question is, is that... I'm surprised we never heard from them anymore. It's not a long contact with our degrees in the label. It's been great stuff. I've bought every time I'm in a public. But yeah. Then teaching a basil and it's not so fresh garlic in here. It's out of this world. And the garlic is real mild. Yeah. Yeah. What was the professor's name that FIU the teacher's Italian is? He's still teaching a Saturday class or do you know? Oh, yes, he does. Jack Kirchner. Kirchner. Okay. He's great. Wonderful. And you too, Zagazon. Oh, my line of day one is Broward. 560, 560, 560 out of Mobile One line. As we try to examine, find out what's happened to this town. What happened to this town in the final days of September? There's definitely something road-task in horrendous that happened. Nobody has reported it. Nobody knows exactly what it is. Nobody can stick their finger on it. Everybody's got their finger in each other's record. Nobody knows what the hell exactly it is. There, I'm not just me. I'm not taking it personal because I know better than that. I know everybody in their brother-in-law is listed out there. Guarantee of that. I go over the hockey game near last night. Man, I was getting fumbled by everybody. Except Bramer, I keep my distance there, thank you. But boy, I'm telling you, they love me there in that new macarina. I'm a superstar. And the Panthers, they come over to this beautiful jersey. My own personal Rogers jersey. Number 98. An extra extra extra large, by the way, thank you. Here's a Mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Love your show. Question for you. The guy that called earlier, he said that he'd be a superstar. Somebody is forcing him to listen to the show. He doesn't like it. Turn it off. No, no, he's being held a gunpoint. And that'll be the answer. Don't you don't you love these people who call the criticize? Which if he wants the criticize who cares? But why does he have to deny? Why does he have to pretend? He says, while I only listen intermittently while I'm waiting for Pia. How do you listen intermittently? What does that line be? He's full of crap. And not only they have to think you do on your show with what makes the show. Exactly. Exactly. And it's my guy then, show. And my guy then tickets. And if I want to give him away, I will. And if I don't, I won't. And he's pulling right. Okay, pal, back to you. All these old parts, man. You know, this place would be so much better if we could lower the demographic by about 10 years. Just 10 years. Not 20 or 30, which would be sensational. Because we're starting at a demographic about 100. Is that the average demo in his town? About 100 years old? Death plus 10. But if we could just lower that demographic a little, you really saw our old parts. We're always looking. I got to criticize and they're looking for something to be bitter enough. Set about. They got nothing constructive. They got nothing friendly. They're unhappy. They're miserable. They're rotten. They're shriveled up like a goddamn prune on the outside. Not the inside, too. Where their brain used to be. There's nothing but a goddamn reason. Which I can relate to? Here's Weston, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, half of the bastard's smell, too. Yeah. But, uh, I'm really... Oh, Jim. On a toe, Jim. Yeah, that's it, baby. I'm really not a cubs fan, Neil, but that game broke my heart yesterday. Why? Because I hate Ted Turner. Yeah, I'd like to bang Jane Fonda. Yeah, and I can't stand the friggin' braids. And I love you, sure. Okay. Take care, bro. Okay. Frank Tapin, a great job there for the cubs. Fortunately, heavy load pads came up there, heavy duty. See, the thing with the braids is they got so much firepower. They got the Ryan Kluskel and they got tempered Jones. They're not gonna win Ron and, uh, and heavy load pads and all these other glam. And they, you know, you can shut them down most of the game, but sooner or later, one of them is most likely to come up in the butt-y on the ester horse glam and pitch to great ging. And actually, their bullpen came through, which is very unusual for them. But, there wasn't hell of a game, and I realized it wasn't a football game, but everything is relative. People that just generalize, oh, baseball's boring, but you know something? This has been one hell of a year between the McGuire-Sami stuff with the home runs. And then the wild card thing and a playoff with the cubs and the giants. And some of these playoff games have been pretty damn good like Houston, San Diego yesterday, which went to the hockey games, so we didn't see the end, but I read about it. And Jim Layritz, it's a two-run pitcher on hover in the top of the night, the tie-up that game for San Diego, and then Houston comes back and wins it five-four in the bottom of the night, with the series, and Kevin Brown with the 16th strikeouts and eight innings in the first game, been some great stop going on. Oh, but it's boring, yeah, whatever you say, everything is boring except what you like. I understand absolutely life works. You stick with your vanilla ice cream and I'll stick with my stuff with my fish food. And I talk about your accuracy of pros and novies. Here's a mobile in the Hollywood, hello. Hey Leo, that's me, how you doing? That's sir. Great, so Leo, great, so Leo is. Leo, could you do me a big favor with you, hello? Andrew, please? Yeah. And I want to go to the way. Okay, okay. Yeah, but wait, if you're okay. Okay. No, okay, see ya. Are you sure positive? I'm not told by the way, haven't heard from him in a acoonze, have we? Now that we sold all those CDs for him, I sure hope we do as well for us as we did for Phil, with those CDs, blow, we sold those things out like that, like a hard beat. Here's a call from Kendall, hello. Yes, sir. I was looking at the nail, you had a listen to that schmuck saying, I'll date all this crap off of you. Oh, yeah, dates were it, man. You think Aliens? I'm very confused. I've been living in trouble in my whole life. Okay, dates up. Okay, just the highway with all that congestion. Okay, okay. Okay, rail with all the empty cars. I know, go to three water, they got it. Oh, yeah. Very good. The bottle's central America, the bottom of the friggin' jean pool. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, disgusting. You know, you sent all this crap off. Coconut grove and felt the heat. Those places are so fake and plastic. You know, they probably try to be something they're not. I think it's exactly the word. I couldn't have picked a better one. That's a bit strange for the deal. It's all about really good things in the place. Living in faith and living in Kendall has to really do one thing. Yeah, hold it for a little part. All right, it's the old. Okay, pal. Okay, trace the call. They got a pot smoker out there. Pot smoker. We know it. Ain't nothing I'll get more upset about. And find somebody who's a smoking at wick and wick and wick. Don't you get upset about that? No, no, neither. I didn't cover them in here. That's the start, you know, that legislates against plants. This is the most unbelievable thing that there are people stupid enough in this country. Probably the government somehow has got to write to tell you what plants you can grow. Where you can grow, what you can do with them. Where you can dry them out. Where you can stick them as in your rectum. Thank God that there ain't nobody out there. That's smoking at Denmark and we're going to be doing a show up. Because we're going off on landing pretty soon. This rock capitalism, and it's got a sense of humor that's just unbelievable. I mean, why didn't you just come in here and say, hey, there canceling the show after November 5th, It's been a nice run. Of course they got to continue paying you for several more months. Yours, they got to continue paying us for several more months. But we're going to come in here and clean on. Yeah. Yes. Yes. It's been on many times when it's a stone forever. It's got a lift. What's wrong with the lift just because it's got six joints in it. There's seven. Yeah. Now. Oh, I guess what? It's still going to be up there. Okay, and tell them to blow it out there. Now see it keeps falling out. It must be an active, uh, vinky. What do you mean he's supposed to ask not to hand that up there? They'll have to put, they'll have to block it out. Okay. Good. We might actually get a number then put something over my post. We might get some people start watching it. We block out my face. How is there? How is there? How you doing out there, huh? Welcome to life. All you 10 year olds that are watching the cartoons. We have two open lines in date. You believe that they asked him for me to take this card down here. That's got the adjoint sign of that's a storm forever, which is just a comical postcard that I bought in Amsterdam. Do they have any sense of humor over there? No. Are they a bunch of Nazi bastards? Yes. Are they? Yep. You bet. A bunch of fascists. I'm not taking this card down, okay? Maybe they'll have to start shooting from a different angle. Maybe they'll just start doing this straight on thing. Which I look at a lot better on that one anyway, by the way. Which is the one I look really bad and paste the on. Which one is that one over here? It's a lot of them, buddy. No, I'm serious. You know the one I'm talking about. Yeah, you're talking about pasty. Man, I look like a shorthar compared to you. And I haven't got any 10 this year. Look at that. One more time. I got more 10 in this half an inch. Here's my half an inch. Take a look at that. Then you got your whole body. Pasty, spick. John, I guess. No, I know things. I saw Rob just today. Right, Tom. Pretty interesting. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, I'm Mark Mooney. I was with Miami TV's behind the news program. I wanted to tell you, here from the moment. Everybody died loving the break for it. I don't know. I like the break. One of the terrific team I don't know the sense. Well, they jealous, I guess. I don't know. They're absolutely success. I can't believe people down here are writing, probably. About what? The team thinks that's gold. Wait, that's not real. Here about it down here. They couldn't care less. Don't you understand this is law-all-in. I'm going to get one of the program. You better get an investigative report going to see if you can find any intelligence. Any life period down here. Forget about intelligence. Hey, how long should we do? So what day is your show going on? Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. Have a great weekend, Mark. I do. OK. Yeah, we got a great set to humor. The whammy crew, because we know all the shows are going off. Except those old, mastery runs. The gangsters and kidfoss, you were saying, Rocky, it's your body and all other crap. How about generation NEA? Is that going off? I don't know that ain't going off. See, we know that that bill's wrecking keepers finger in that slot. That's right. In his record, open line in Dave County, five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight. Come on, let's bring back our loudest, soon as they put our loud out here. That was when I think, right out of toilet. We're right. No, seriously, we're having some fun with the whammy thing. We're starting to make a little bit of progress. We could have put funny what Pacson and his place, OK? And out of space, with those people over there, Channel 33, who are doing their best to sabotage our great efforts. We don't want to solve about. We don't want you guys to try to pull and do a good job, too, by the way. Here's a lady mobile imponder. Lady mobile? Hello? Yes, ma'am. Yes? And this is Marjorie. Hi, Marjorie. And I am actually very offended by a comment that you made earlier. Good. That Jamaican's are up to normal. That one? That Jamaican's are up to normal. Do you make it women? Jamaican guys are up to normal. Do you make it guys are a little mellow work, because they're smoking a good stuff. But did you make it women? You go tend to be very condescending in up to the, you know what I mean? I am not condescending. You don't know anything about Jamaican women. You make it women. You make it common. Very, very up to the, you kind of say, Look down to noses and talk down to people. You're not Jamaican. You must be from like, uh, the Cayman Islands. There's some glacier place with them. Virgin Islands. And that's the thing. That's the thing. That's the thing. That's the thing. You're Jamaican. Oh, from Kingston. Is there any other place on Jamaica be side Kingston? No, that's about there. Well, what is the main staple there besides marijuana? What are they making to Jamaica? Oh, well, we have boxed sides. We, we import chains. Yeah. Or sugar and all of that. You're pork? Yeah, we did. Yeah, but. Okay, Marjorie. Okay, Marjorie. Okay, Marjorie. Okay, and bye-bye. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, we have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560. That was a Jamaican, a moniker, right? There's what that was. Yeah, Marjorie. And 560 on the mobile one line. 126 here on QAM. Pompidote Park's got lots of action for you today. In fact, this weekend. Oh, a couple of. With 350 bucks for this piece of crap. Well, no, it's a nice scale. Not a very friendly scale. Oh, it's not one of those. You can kind of like lean to the left, lean to the right. And if you lean a little too far, who's sorry, lean just a little bit too far that time? So anyway, Rob Kaplan just told me that all the shows in the way I'm here going to be going off the year November 5th. Except the course for, let's see, mash, monsters, cartoons, and K-Posso USA. Everything else going off. Here's Miami Beach, hello. New. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Okay. On a three point to want to make out first. I was listening to sure earlier. The guy that said the tapini. Stark. Oh, you know how good anybody, of course, the guy was about 100 years old. But how good anybody who's a company and is that guy pretends to be watched that performance last. This guy came up with one of his great performances of his lifetime. And, you know, gives up one run and they want to blues him to give him the tentating. And this guy's knocking him. I'm going to be kissing his ass. I'm not a cubs fan, but I watch first pitch to the last. He pitch great. I mean, you could ask pretty much, but with the basket that when I had to blow everything down and then... How do my money, he puts the better getting in the glove and this? Yeah, I mean, gloves and so we's grabbing, but I mean, this guy pitched this hard. Right. Just how he leapt and sit in the home run will come on. I mean, he was rolling down everybody. Right. I mean, it's the shame that the cubs are because I want Atlanta to lose. I mean, anyone that keeps the land is okay in my book. Yeah. You know, a lot of people hate those braves. I'm not sure what that's all about. But a lot of people get really tired of them. I don't know what it is. I don't like them. I don't like them. They're really real tired of them. But don't let money come right down to it. I was thinking this last night during the game. As much as I liked the cubs, and I had those years when I was a real bad and we'll come fan with a sad light dish. You know, really, the two best teams by far. I mean, National League had three teams with great records, but still the braves are the best team in the league. And the Yankees by far the best team in the American League. Wouldn't it be just this if they just limited all this other playoff crap? And then we should have them in the world serious, you know? Yeah, well hey, that's Andy Egg was not bad either. Yeah, they're good. And who's this little slow cheater? No, not at all. I'm full with percent of the egg would not one, but yeah. But I mean, the chef is definitely, I mean, he's not. I mean, he did that guy that made that call should be deported. He should be on a crate right now. We have said to some temple of country. For him to make that comment, he obviously doesn't know anything about baseball. Which means he fits in here perfectly. Have a great weekend. Yes, sir. I couldn't listen to your show throughout the week because of work, but you're making a point that during Uncapory the Jewish people were putting chickens on their head. Right. What is that all about? Is that an Israel or here? Well, no, that was a run-off beach. Oh, no. Yeah, they're choking something over there. Yeah, then when you put a chicken on, you had to mix the steroid, see about your body. Yeah, they're choking their dick though. Okay, have a great day. All right, buddy. What's wrong with that? There's a few of you with Jewish guys named Dick. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. Yeah, we got some old Jews over there in the old country, baby. Some of the orthodox, they got a chicken on her head. Like I said, look, take the chicken, put it on the floor. Sit down like I'm sitting out of cheer. Put the chicken on the floor and lightly put your feet on the chicken. Then the sins will run down with the river don't flow upstream. Okay, even the Kahulawasi river don't flow upstream. This idea is sticking a chicken on your head. That the sins of your body are going to flow up. They flow down. Why do you think your touchy's hurt so bad all day long? Okay, because the sins are flowing down into your feet, into your ankles, into your toes. That's where you get in those corns for on there. That's why your feet smell so bad. You know what I'm saying? Put the chicken on the floor and very lightly just sit there with your feet on the chicken. Tell us, start to make it a commercial in a couple of eggs. People with a chicken on their head and they're blowing the chauffeur. Oh, and call on me names. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Me, oh God. You have to wonder how the chauffeur can drive straight. Yes, sir. What should I do to this? Great. Never been better, sir. Made a nice comeback here today after a grotesque start. You know what's happening in the county? I'll tell you right now. Oh, heads of men. These snow birds are coming and we're all packing it and our stuff's still going. Oh, you want to like a set of a bitch? They have a just be glad to hear that that Canadian currencies in the toilet again, man and those frogs are turning around to go back where they came from. That's true. And they're cars too. Right. Have a good one, man. And back to you. Yeah, that's the good news. We don't want you to feel bad on your French Canadians out there. But we hate you like boys. And they're too bad about that loony man. Loony's in Tunis, but they were the rats. You just go back where you came from. And go leave school. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six on the mobile one line. Those best of meals are in the borders and day and brown. Each and every one of them right now is we speak. We'll be at the one over by the gallery and for a lot of nail known to two tomorrow. Sam's over here running around like he's doing something important. After you made Christu all the work. I scroll in there and we'll have those teachers from T-shirt town or Ha ha ha ha ha. Just relax. Well, you're all this guy. Now he's going to come in here. Hock me a chynet that actually did some more. What is his story? What is his story? This guy no sense of humor. Very uptight and you know something? Good. Excellent. We're starting to get to him. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. I just want to tell you. I had a Neilson about three books in my house last week. Yeah. And we were able to put them when he, uh, few times for your show. Oh my god. Didn't help. Didn't it been David? I'm sorry. Well, they're not showing me the ratings anymore. It's a big secret. So I have no idea what they are. I don't know what they were. I just think it's going to be a nice college shirt. It's a nice thing. Yeah. I don't know if you heard about Ted Coffle show last night. They did an international view of the Clinton situation. And without with maybe one exception whether it'll trail you, you're up. South America is real. Wherever they were, people could not believe that we are wasting as much time and efforts. Right. Somebody's personal life was just. That's right. Absolutely correct sir. When I was over in Europe while all this was going on and I had the president's take coming out and that's what everybody in there. Brother was saying all of that works all the people you talked to. Same crap. They don't even understand it. And this show I was truly stuck. You know, the American president so hard peeing like they don't know what else to do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. 21 till 2 at 5. 60 WQM. We have an open line of day to it. Broward. That was up on the 18 point. His neck is down only 2.5. Not too bad. We're making a little bit of a comeback here in a Friday. Your money might be worth something by Monday, but don't be too sure. You know, shopping for electricity. You a.l.b.s. Friday you wear Steve. All right. Order in the court. Please. You know. You can tell the court. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Delicious. Different. Different. One. Different. Different. I'm going to fix those Nazis over there. Okay. That are all set about this postcard. I got sitting on the mic stand here. That are all. They have no sense of humor. It's a joke. Okay. It's a joke. It's a pair of big red lips. Just like Stephanie's. Okay. Only bigger and redder. With seven joints. And okay. It says smoke. Stone forever is one of the. It's a joke. Are we promoting smoking weed here? No. Damn right. We're. No. First not. Are we promoting legalization tomorrow? No. And they're all having an anti smoking. Well, that's your put them over the top. Anti smoking campaign on here. Like they're really, you know, put those stirring kids from Africa back under again. Okay. Cut the crap. Dinky. You idiot. How do we get hooked up with them? Sir, is that how did we get involved with this? Is it Marvin? Was that the guy? Was it Marvin who did all this? Well, they approached Marvin because they knew that he knew you. So they had you and they wanted you. And they thought they could say, and you know something. I hate to say this because a lot of people have worked very hard and Josie, a lot of meals in there. But at this point, it's almost satisfying that we didn't get any numbers for them, you know? That's the show was a bigger bond than the Japs ever saw. Because when you see the kind of operation that's going on over there, you say to yourself, what's the point? Is there a point? No. Exactly. Other than the one on at the fascist head over there, Maddie. Oh, God. I mean, these people are television people. Oh, like my grandma and she's been dead for 20 years. Here's Carl Gable, so hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I was able to catch your last segment. You know, when you were speaking to that Jamaican lady. Yes. Okay. Well, anyway, I'm a Jamaican and I do want to say that I'm going to do a condescending. A pretty bitches from here. Oh, yeah. See, I told you. But at least I admit it, that's good. And you're absolutely right. We do produce a lot of marijuana and we do eat a lot of dirt to convert. You want things we don't produce. I guess what that is. Fags. No. They're quite cute. What does it do to like me? That's right. Oh, sure. There's a lot of things. Okay, bye bye. Okay. Yeah, nice talk to you, huh? A little hip and run. Nice talk to you. I don't think I'm going to be able to make it through the weekend now. She gave me a little zets there. Okay. Nice talk to you. We don't produce dicks like you. There's no Jamaican dicks. Yeah. Maybe what that's why those women are so opery, huh? I think they're like a lot of dicks in Jamaica. I think there's a lot of dicks. I will be surprised at all. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Anyhow, you're doing. Okay, sir. I'm calling. I'm telling you to come and call up. You know, it cuts out of great things and cabby fits your great game. Much night. You got a brace and online and that's why the braids go to the world today. It might not be a win or a win again this year, but that's why I go every day. Find a way to win the game. You know, the braids won't be as well as either a Achilles low off. They look pretty good last, like a pair of the cup. Who's that kid that the young kid that they brought in the seventh inning that they A rocker rocker. Rocker. He got really a braid man. He can a heave it. Yeah, he can bring it pretty good. Lightenburg throwing pretty good. He has a throwing good. Yeah. Got him on the 10th. I was well scared there. I want to fish about five games. But he looked pretty good too. Yeah. They bottle of like crap. Who doesn't exactly. Okay, pal. I'm going. Good luck to you. Braids over the Yankees for straight wouldn't that be something. Oh, boy. Get those Yankees fans up and other shape. All that's ever going to happen. Okay. Whatever you say, we'll see. We will see what we will see. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. That was up a hundred and a quarter. Yes, sir. Buenos town today. Yeah. I'd like to just maybe help your listeners out a little bit. Maybe if you about hockey football, what's tougher, what's boring, what's not. Right. I played mindly hockey for just over three seasons. Yes, sir. And I can assure you that the end of the season when you stand in front of the mirror You're underwear. Yeah. You're covered in black blue purple and yellow marks. As if you've been beaten by a baseball bat. I can just I'm trying to envision Ray Whitney standing naked at the end of the season in front of a mirror covered with black blue and yellow marks. Not a pretty sight. Well, one or less thing. Yeah. And then I felt football game. The total amount of time where the athletes are actually in motion and playing. Not in the hotdle. Not waiting for TV time out amounts to just under eight minutes. How do you like that? Talk about for what about your pussy's man? Yeah. Eight minutes. Eight minutes. And he's guys are getting paid millions of dollars here to go out there and Potsky ran for eight minutes and hold hands in the hotdle and stick their hands under each other's leg. I don't like that. I'm boy, but that's not how I publish the test. Unbelievable. I'm really, really good news. Great day. Thanks for straightening these bastards out. All right. Buddy. There you go. There's your football for you. It's a deep club you moron. Make no mistake about that. Yeah, the guy go, I mean, we're else in the world. Can you see a guy with tight pants on? Go and get down on all fours. Another guy comes up behind him. Sticks his hands under his ass and then starts barking up. Sixty-nine, sixty-nine, sixty-nine. What the hell is that? I'm going to talk about whammy. I'll guarantee it. Man, oh man, guys sticking his hands at her. Another guy's ass reaching for his pig skin. That's a deep club you moron. And his foreskin. Boy, oh boy, you think anybody's kidnitty buddy here? No. He's in that football. The numbers are dropping like a rock. Wait till, look at that. That was up 150 points. And then as that finally moved the arrow into the plus column of 56 cents, which at least is moving it right direction with two hours and some to go. What the hell happened here? There must be something. And thank God I got the volume down. I don't want to know what's going on behind the scenes. I don't want to hear the experts all talking to be as. I don't want to hear Abby Joseph Cohen, Karim Javar Schwartz. Talking about the doubt is going to be ten thousand. I just want to see the numbers keep going up. Get my money out. And then all you gamblers out there have a great time with it. Okay. Just get it back up to where I can get most of my money back out. I think a lot of people would agree. Just let me out because we're all getting real nervous because the whole world is a basketball case. It's a psychological thing. Not that they want to even a panic. We're not talking world recession and depression too loud, are we? If you can't sleep in two eight out. You got to be American in the fucking way. I didn't poison girls. Today we've done a very extra special friends stop and buy. Show us all about something really special. I can't even have the door right now. Come on in. Come on in. Hey, bro, I think I wanted to show you. Ooh, I wonder where it is. It looks like I got the boys with a couch. That's me bagged boy. Hey. Ooh, what can I cut you? Sure, go ahead. Ooh, run your hands then. That's fine. Hey, like you're well there. Hey. Oh, what's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you get to with the blow pipe? You've known it, lad. You've known it, lad. You've known it, lad. Why? Put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, what can I do, lad? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. Like this? Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throw. That's good. Hey, I mean, you're doing it alive. What's this over here? That's me, Chanta. What's what do we do with that? What do we do with that, lad? What do you do with that, lad? You put your ball hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Hey, look at that. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, you want to do, lad? Is you want to blow on the pipe? You want us squeezed the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, good, lad. Keep moving. Move harder, lad. Adder. Adder. Squeeze the bag. Please, lad. Please, lad. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Please, lad. Go, lad. Go, lad. You can do your play, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You can do it again. After the kitchen, you put it here. What does market matter just zooming up there? What does that happen? Somebody have a good VM. And what house or something? That was up 150, uh, five points. And just zooming up there to astronomical, uh, sure it is. Of course, the last two 10 yesterday. And two 37 that day before that. So, they're all get too excited. Although some of us are thinking about going home and swimming here. You want to say? Ha ha ha ha ha. Get that money out, baby, because the bad days are coming. Don't say that. See, the markets we have that means everybody ought to get on the phone right now. Take all the profits they're going to make today when they sell. And get their center one CDs right the best of Neil, 97 and 98. Volumes one and two, which are sensational. Believe me, trust me what I tell you. See, you were cassette 20 bucks in pop. You can call center one at numbers. Work it right now. I hope they're breaking in some serious bucks today. Duff Lindsey was just down here. He said he's going to give us a check for center one. Nice going up. What about Greg Reed? No. What about the scrant? No. We better educate these people. Make them understand that at IOD, which I hate to mention that station. But even when Paxon bought it, they had hachos. They're all gave us checks for a center one. And back in the Camille, the South States when we raised money for them. I'll give us a big check from the station. We used to get a check for a grant for my member. That's my O.D. You think we're going to get a check for the measly boys over in the snow? Oh boy. Are we going to get a big one? Yeah. Well, they're taking a not a George's bonus. And so what's that number? Oh, I didn't give it. 9.5. Well, I'm in a role here. Okay. Just by the Galleria in Fort Lauderdale. Thanks coming up next. We got Kimba Bolt camper at 6 o'clock. Yankees in Texas 7.45 tonight.