Hit, hit, did you get my order?! AArghaars ain't gonna say, ahic ahic ahic ahic ahic ahic ahic Time tigglesseets orgurs An UN RA anche And a large, ogg Lynch draps Ahic ahic ahic ahic anhicעם with us likao A achieve verga And what do you say then? And what do you tell him? If he looks at me then, if not I'd say or submit it as the reason I said don't lie to my hand! I've seen the fairer right I'm young rings I'm young rings I'm young rings I'm old I'm rich Drink I'm old I'm rich Drink Drink I want to demonstrate, because I need to relax and drink Drink Drink Drink Drink Drink I'm just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of an Irish sparkling I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud, to you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud Nobody cares where you've been But you belong to the city Who do you belong to the night? You may listen to the river of darkness Maybe familiar light Who are born in the city How do you feel? In your arms, in your blood Who from there are the streets They need you And all the more And in that night Who are born in the city And you said to the fact You are wrong Trying to get away from the big you son You're not going to get And you're feeling strange Someone's a happy But nothing to see Tell no way of all that Just tell no way of the crowd You belong to the city Who belong to the night? You may listen to the river of darkness Maybe familiar light Who are born in the city And in that night Who are born in the city And you said to the fact You're not going to get away from the city Maybe familiar light You're not going to get away from the city You're not going to get away from the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city Because you can't get away from the city Who belong to the city You can't get away from the city You can't get away from the city You belong to the night Who belong to the city You can't get away from the city They've got a hundred thousand maniacs. They're going to show up today because that's the version Mary also makes her appearance there. She's on tour today. She'll probably be on the side of that bag building in Pensacola. She'll be at Rose, a Lopez House at Lumpfine. And then later on today she'll be in Kanye's Georgia because she works in the mysterious guy damn way. Before we get into our Maddie Lusham country, Tom's about to dumb as man on the face of year, he'll probably get into that. Our set of one campaign is coming along. If we could just get to New York. We can also watch in Dominic Cashick show. Colorado, three nothing for the sabers. It's watching a little harness racing from El Miro Ontario. I'm all over. I got 18 different sporting events going on at the same time. So I didn't have an opportunity to see the channel of six news that love in a clock last night, but we thank them for evidently doing a piece on this latest contra-toms that we've got with whammy. The contra-toms be in very simple. There's nothing complicated about it. Maddie Lusham. And wait to television hold that we're working for the boss. Or I love that Amy Askins by the way, hey, the break of news you sweetheart. He's not my boss. Okay. Hey, to break the news, you honey, he's not my boss. But didn't write. So they had a piece there on a whammy news last night at about 10 after 7, which it was okay to show the cat on the newscast. The controversial capital, the postcard, the pot postcard from Amsterdam. That was okay. But we just can't show it on the show unless of course under certain circumstances which we'll get into. So then they showed a little clip from my show. And by the way, the programming of genius has got the news on its seven o'clock and in case you missed it at seven, again at eight o'clock and in case you missed it at seven eight and again at nine o'clock. Oh, same newscast on tape seven eight and nine o'clock. That is a programming mobile baby. This is a television genius. This is a man who's going to revise everyone's conception of television. People used to think that maybe it was entertaining. Forget it. But anymore, not on whammy, which by the way he says at the end of the hero. And by the way, thanks to Tom Jick and Terry Jackson from the news papers for their coverage on this little story. At the end of the Harold story, he says, if he doesn't want to be on TV, that's his choice. I'd to break the news to you, Maddie. I'm not on TV. I'm on whammy. Even little kids know the difference between real TV and whammy. But at any rate, so I'm not going to bore you with all the details in both of these stories. But it is interesting about this very controversial postcard with the picture of the lips and the seven joints that says still and forever on it that state was sitting right here. What about the microphone for a while? For a days and a, this is these are postcards that I got in Amsterdam, not the last trip, but I think like three trips ago, months ago, months ago I got these postcards thinking, well, here's something to do. I'll put up in this studio to at least add a little visual excitement. A little at your reverence to the set since Maddie won't turn loose any money for them to go out and do anything interesting or entertaining visually on the show because he's a cheap prick and it's a nickel and dine operation. Like I said, not a real TV station. So anyway, these have been sitting around here. They've been on here before and they're with the one, the one that's in question, the great controversial card. It was sitting right here on by the mic stand for shows show after show after show. Did they get any complaints over there? No, they say one word. No, they little old lady call off a sale. He's promoting marijuana. No. But then Maddie won, they, I guess he was a board in between the Bangon Whoever is Bangon over there, whammy. So he, you know, all of a sudden he saw the show. Oh, what's that? What's that? He's promoting her one. Now, why don't you to keep in mind. This is the same Maddie lesson who is the director. What is his title? Chief asshole. What is he? Editor-in-chief. Editor-in-chief. Oh, my God. Cook, cook bottle wash, reduce bag, and chief. That's the correct title is what it is. So at any rate, this is the same guy that had a guy smoking pot on. On the year on Kenneth's frequency a couple of months ago, way back when there was early whammy days. Now, this guy is one of the eight guys, I guess, in South Florida, who is allowed legally to smoke for a medical condition. But nevertheless, here's the guy smoking marijuana on television. On the same station that Maddie Lesham says, oh, this is terrible on this disgrace. And if some little kid, not hate to break the news to you, but little kids do stay up at weird hours and go and turn on the TV said. And if some little kids saw that, what's the message that he gets that it's okay to be smoking marijuana on television, no less, much less in the house? If he just saw the visual thing here, if some guy smoking weed on TV? Because Maddie says, it's a matter of context and what's appropriate in prime time. We have a responsibility not to hear something that could tell children's okay to smoke pot. And then he comes on his newspiece. They had on whammy last night after they showed me saying you ought to be executed, which he should write on the year, get a 95 sure easy. But he comes on here looking like a rabbit dog. I mean, his eyes darting around like a cornered rat. I think would be a good expression, a good analogy. And he says, the first amendment, it's not a first amendment issue. First amendment, it's for the little guy in the street corner. No, I hate to break the news to you, my Israeli friend. But maybe in a country like Israel, where a bunch of right wing religious nuts control a government, maybe there there's a little confusion about the first amendment and who can no speak and who can't over here. We don't say that's not what the first amendment's all about. Not for little guys on the street corner. Little guys, big guys in between guys, fat guys, dumb guys, Mark guys. The first amendment is for everybody, including broadcasters on your television station. But now comes the one point at which he really stuck himself. He's stuck at right inside his own rectum. What he did. Even Ron Jeremy can't do that. Nice gone, Maddie. Hey, put it right inside his own rectum. It seems to be enjoyment. He says it's a matter of context. If he wants to do the show, listen to this now, because I'm not wearing my cap at the moment. If he wants to show it as part of a show about whether marijuana should be legal, that's fine. But to just hang it out there is a poster we're not going to show that. So guess what? And what timing? Because I didn't, I didn't send myself this column in the mail that I got yesterday morning. But listen, they're in a key sentence to me out of their newspaper. The Dutch example shows how it can work. The economics of legalized marijuana. So today I'm doing a show about the possibility of legalizing marijuana in this country. Even though I don't smoke it, I don't care about it. I also am in favor of legalization of prostitution, even though I don't want to pay for it. Although I did many times years ago, but that was back in different times. But there you go. It's called freedom, baby. And it's called the first amendment. It's called freedom of expression. And it's called, that's what the new Roger show is all about. So I guess now that I've laid the groundwork for what, see now I can put the cap on. And the cameras are continuing to roll here. And we'll see if he's a man of his word. He says if it's in the context of a show about legalization in marijuana, that's fine. There is exact words as quoted in the Miami-Herald this morning. That's fine. Well, guess what? Here's the card. And this is within the context of a show about American attitudes being BS about marijuana, along with any other thing. So we'll see. 10, I don't have to attend. If there's a stuff that's going to get cancer and die from, did anybody get excited about that? No. No. That kid's probably been watching. That's right. Fat kids who are going to wind us saw him sitting here, picking out night after night on that show, stuffing food in my post, killing myself a slow, but very enjoyable death. Eating that fish food here on a year. That's right. Bad lesson involved in there. Okay. See, we can't moralize for everybody else. If you've got to, you've got to learn things at home. This is another example of parental lack of responsibility. Teach your kids about drugs, about not smoking cigarettes, about don't do the, don't do what I do do as I say, because that's what most of you believe anyway. So deep. So deep. So deep. So deep. So deep. So deep. What's up? I'm ordered myself five whiskey straight up. What for? I just had my first hummer. Hey, Freddie boy. Hey, bartender, get my buddy here in celebration gold. He just had his first hummer. It's for times like these when you really want a party. That you should settle for no less than a celebration gold beer. Hey, Mikey. Thanks a bunch. If a celebration gold don't get this taste out of my mouth, nothing will. What? And it's for times like these that you need a celebration gay. The only beer with real mouthwashiness. Make that a celebration gay bartender. I'm like gay, Mikey. I just need it some cash. I want to take the beer and shut up, Frankie. Celebration gold and celebration gay. The best beer for any occasion. I'm not. Just move over where you're Frankie. Yeah. Over there is good. 10.4.5.60. WKM. I guess they must never have had magazine in Israel, huh? Because Maddie and his upbringing never understood what sat there is all about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. There's a mobile in Miami. Okay. Thank you. Here's the competent. Hello. Pompano. Yes, sir. First of all, I like to say I was visited by the secret service last week. And second of all, I'd say that, uh... This isn't my the secret service? Yeah. I called my, uh, They represented a second time of my life. And I complained that they did that, uh, I believe that the government was illegal totally. Even though I'm a registered Democrat, I saw your show last night, or I saw a clip of your show the night before. I'm whammy. Yeah. And, uh, I believe that marijuana should be legalized. The government shouldn't care right tonight. I accused my, uh, They represented a feeding into financial care rhythm. Along from him all the way up to Bill Clinton. Hey, let me ask you something. What language are you speaking? What are you talking about? I'm talking about, uh, People have an, uh, misrepresentation and court and government. Okay. Great. Melissa, there's one good, one, there's one vote against smoking weed right there. Okay. I think I may take the cap off. Two open lines a day. Look at this. This audience worked up to a frenzy about this or what? No. Two open lines a day to a browner. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and a mobile one line. Unbelievable. Here's Carl Gable, solo. Said our last guy was talking about, uh, No fact speaking without representation. Yeah. I was just talking. I was thinking, um, If you want to end the deficit, Well, legalized marijuana, a big tax opera America may have already been said. But I just wanted to call him and say that. I'm not going to call him. So happy I am that you're talking about this today. It's a great subject. And, uh, that's really all I had to say. Okay. Well, she's here. Grossmoke some more. Okay. There's two of our two reasons to keep it legal. Right there. Although this guy, he wasn't on doing, uh, weed. He was on speed this last kid. He sounded like who I think he was doing helium. Here's a pop in, oh, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Sound like guilty and drag. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Listen, you talk today. It's very informative to the point where I think it should be legalized because if people want to grow it, how this bit, sell it and package it, it could do with the economy. Good. Mm-hmm. Right. Um, it doesn't, um, it doesn't leave the other thing. Only a person that is going to bring you to a Britain say jump. You have a choice. You're going to jump. You're going to say screw you. Doesn't make you do any other drugs anymore than drag and it will make a drag. A drag, a drag, a drag, a drag. I mean, that kind of mentality is that prohibition mentality is a way of making a drag. It's because the only reason why they don't take a look of a nicotine off this shelf is because of the taxes. Right. People, the taxes and because it's big business. They're making money. You know, it's business. Yeah. In Norman. So I think what you should do, just pick up your campaign like you've built up last week, do no harm. Mm-hmm. Make bumper stickers, make buttons and just, and kick it at the fore for and say, hey, 80% of the people in this world anyway. We have an offer last month. This is part of that hypocrisy that America is all about saying, sanctum on a reciprocate. Don't do as we do, do as we say. And just like the Clinton thing with a sex. I mean, it's just right out there. I was afraid to be clean. Who's to get it up. Who doesn't like oral sex. Oh, okay. I'm talking about the receiving end. But the, oh, my God. This was terrible and disgusting. All these people get up there and say the things that they believe that they're supposed to say. It's like when they take a poll and they put the question in such a way that they know the kind of response they're going to listen because people all think that they're supposed to say a certain thing. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, of course not. Do you think I'm some kind of a fag? I don't mean me, of course. I'm not just some kind of a fag. I'm like a major big league fag. I'm just talking about your new pedestrian pull-out there who's getting pulled so to speak. Have you ever, you know, have you ever inhale? Oh, see, the fact that we had a heavy even a discussion that there had to be a question about Bill Clinton. Here they had the sanctimonious board again, Christian, when a Paula Jones attorneys, on 60 minutes last week of week of week ago, Sunday, he not only did weed and inhale, he was doing heroin, he was doing LSD, everything. Drugs that we haven't even heard of before. But now he accepted Jesus, always okay. He's probably up there in highway, Georgia, looking for the virgin Mary. Looking for the good stuff. Sanctimonious hypocrisy, America, you've got to grow up. That's the message. That's my message. That's the message in his car that I got on my camp. And if this fat bald-headed Israeli wants to put the show on, did I live up to his word, then I'll take the calf off tomorrow. We can go back to putting the show on there. They might get somebody to watch it the next two or three weeks and keep these poor bastards working in here who don't know where the next meal is coming from. I'm willing to compromise. I'm not a total hard ass, but if the guy really means what he says and is willing to understand the message that is coming from here. When they had our loud on here, didn't they discuss legalization marijuana, didn't they discuss legalization prostitution, didn't they discuss sadomasicism, every kind of issue you could ever discuss as I recall. Of course, the show's off here now because it was direct. But nevertheless, see that was okay. But when you use some kind of a prop in here to make us a satirical statement, oh my God, that's a bad message you're sending out. I wonder, are they banning bureaucracum ursols on that station by the way? Do they have bureaucracum ursols on whan he? No, but have they banned them? No, they're just not getting any, but if they were to put the Budweiser frogs on there, if they were on the pay to buy Budweiser spots on that station with their era, yeah, you bet your sweet ass they would. They take the money. Oh, that's not illegal. Yeah, but how about all the ballgame? Well, wait a minute. How about all the ballgames? Well, Budweiser is the biggest single sponsor of every sporting event and in Canada, with the hockey games, it's most an end of that beer. I don't you think that there are enormous millions of kids that are watching those sporting events? Uh-huh. You bet your sweet ass and doesn't attend them. Is there a message in there that it's great to drink beer? If you're why, if you're watching a sporting event, some little kids use that commercial with the Budweiser frogs and how cute they are, which is like one step away from Joe Cannell? Oh, there you go. Here's a mobile and cross-pring, hello. Thank you, Neil, for bringing up this whole issue. The issue isn't really whether you're in favor of marijuana or not. The issue was you're right to express your opinion and be free in this country. Be free to. Freedom. Freedom. And too many people in this country haven't got the foggyest idea but freedom is all about, which like I said is what makes Amsterdam the greatest city in the world. And what we're, what Wami seems to be doing is, is cowering into this conservative, so-called, so-talitarianism, which is making everybody afraid to express their opinion and be free. And how can somebody who claims to be a director of a TV station come on here and say the first amendment is only for the little guy in the street corner, the little underling out there. They can go on his soapbox on the street corner. The first amendment last time I checked was for all of us. Exactly. He, as a holder of a public license, his position should be to protect our right, not to restrict them. And thank you, Neil. Amen. God bless you, sir. And thank you, Neil. Bless you. We have an open line of, and see, because I forgot to mention on the DNH show, which, and then, that show should be on there. That was a great show. That should have been on there, didn't get on there because that was wearing his cap. So the message becomes unheard by the TV audience, those 30 people watching dull listen to the radio show, unheard because I'm wearing this cap on a show. But I forgot to mention that one of the most important tenets of the Duno Armour legit is, is T and C take no crap, which for years I've told you that's a very important part of my philosophy and of course that that evolves during the course of your lifetime. When your young F take a certain amount of crap from your parents, from your teachers in school, then when you go on and you get your first jobs, you have to take certain amount of crap from your bosses. But then hopefully as you evolve in life and as you work your way into a stronger position, you have to take less and less. Oh, and you hope to reach the point where you don't have to take any crap in life. Life is too sure why should I or anybody else have to take crap from somebody who's on a goddamn, uh, comfort freak script. What the hell sure why should I have to take crap from him? We just need to know what's all he's talking about. Oh, we're gonna get him to knock a london. We're gonna show him. Yeah, right. Load out your ass. Hello. Oh, God. Yes, sir. I am just applauding here on the show. This is great, man. I just, uh, look up this morning, turn on the show and I just thought it was amazing. But, uh, what things you're all in talks about is, uh, this ridiculous, this ridiculous paradox of drug sentence. Yeah. I mean, I mean, this whole deal of all I find is illegal. It's hard enough that we gotta pay these extravagant prices. You know, for a gram of a plant, much less that they have to take care of, we can do it on our free time. Exactly. I mean, this is the fact that I mean, I mean, I am, you know, that's a job. I can see if I'm gonna have open a heart surgery in the Mount Sinai, that probably the, uh, the chief operating surgeon, there shouldn't be, uh, on drugs. He should submit to drug testing because he shouldn't be stoned out of his might if he's gonna do open a heart surgery. But I can only think of a very limited number. You know, if I want to get on a commercial jet, I would think that the pilot, you know, probably shouldn't be stoned out of his might if he's gonna fly me safely wherever to hell. I'm going. But a very limited number of occupations like that were your deal with people's life and death, but other matters not their goddamn business. Some kid at Echert does not need to be drug test. Right. What? So he can clean the aisle and move it faster. Exactly. It's absolutely ridiculous. It's, uh, it's just, it's, and, uh, no whammy thing. I just want to tell you something, and, uh, me and my friends, there is nothing we enjoy more than sitting around and doing pong. It's while watching Neil and Max. There you go. There is just nothing more pleasurable. It's fun. You may be show exciting, it's great. And whammy is a bunch of idiots for canceling you if they do. Okay. And, uh, awful Neil, unless we show, you were talking about, uh, how do you know what I think you were kidding? You were talking about doing a, uh, a fast, a cleansing fast? Yeah. Yeah. Just like to tell you, I'm four days into one. And I'm feeling great, man. Really? I'm just feeling like I'm top of the world. I just, uh, you know, I haven't eaten the thing in four days. And I just, well, I'm, I'm resting to watch your momies to the elegance here and see that. Everray, Tay Pal, see you. And by the way, no mind on bread today, my mom just to remind her. Now, you know what's going to happen? There'll be, that will not come up in conversation. Because, you know, there's an old saying the less said the better and in certain cases, that's very true. So there's nothing for me to say to my mother or for her to try to defend about the mind over that she gave me to take good to John, etc. And so on that we didn't wind up making it quite to a destination. You don't give drug addicts drugs to deliver to somebody else. You don't give alcoholics booze to deliver to somebody else. And you don't give sugar, hallics, a bunch of mind over it to deliver to anybody else. Without expecting them to consume it on the way there. Do you know what I'm saying? Ma? 1055 at 5.5.5. Goldberg from the sporting bruise at 2. We got booze here at 6 o'clock. Got 4 major 8 out. The Neil Rogers' show. Hi, Bata Manu! Praise to call. And check out the parking lot. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Question for you. And I've been following the first time calling. I've been wanting to ask you one thing. We've been talking about the legalization of marijuana. Where do you draw the line, Don Neil? I mean, you don't want your heart's person to be high on drugs. You don't want your cough, the center of it. How can you make it fair for some people? It affects your job. What's there to do with it? Why is it anybody's business? I agree with that. But where do you draw the line? I just got through saying how where do you draw the line of people drinking booze? I agree. I agree. I just have the same principle. But that's a principle that covers everybody in society. What do you mean by that? Well, everybody's not supposed to be drinking on the job. Everybody is not supposed to know that they're taking booze tests. They're taking breathalized tests for booze before they do whatever they do. I agree. Good point. The fact is that there's an alcohol and dip it in the drug. Sure, I know. So what are we talking about? Why do we single out certain substances that are verboten in this society? But other ones are okay because they're making a lot of money from it. I agree. What I understood you were saying is that it was okay for some people. I let's say it's okay for some of you guys. On a Sunday night's porcours before I come money. No, no, no, what I'm saying to you is that if nobody's business as long as a effect their job performance as nobody's business. But where there are people involved in a few very selective sensitive kind of occupations, where it's very important that they be as sober as a judge, then in that case, I think you can make an exception. Okay. I don't think it's a difficult line to draw. I don't think it takes a rocket science to figure out what are those sensitive positions. Well, I think that's a question. Who draws the line? What's the center of position? I'm going to ask you this. How many martinis can you go out and have it lunch? And then come back no seriously. And then come back and do your sensitive job. Whatever it is. How many can you have before you come back after lunch and perform up in a hard surgery? You can't have it. Yeah. How do we know if they did or they didn't? Well, we don't know. That's the point. That's the point. But we're just drawing a line saying we're just because of that. So the, well, I don't understand your point. So in other words, it's okay for them to go out and we don't know. We're not supposed to know. But if they went out and they smoked it, joined during lunch time and sat around with somebody over a cup of coffee or whatever, then they come back then we can test them for drugs. No, no, it's not a matter of not having to go out. Or they smoked a three months ago and it's still in their bloodstream. Is that the deal? Well, that's because that's the excess I'm trying to talk to you about. If you're just drawing wine, things just taste on somebody's job. They can't get eyes and I thought they go to work. But it's okay for another dollar. Okay. Well, you're repeating it the third time. And I think I explained it to. I have an ice martinian lunch time. We have an open line of day two and a rower five six seven five sixty five six the other 18 T wireless line. Level nine of two a. You feel like. No, hey. Deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, I first of all like to say that my wife is a dentist. I mean, for a professional businessman, we both smoke pot. And in bitchening complaining, they will never legalize pot and would they like to do. And this and that. But what are you guys actually doing about it? You guys are calling the Neal Rogers show. But do you guys write here, Congressman, you go out and vote. Do you guys do anything other than bitch and complain? No, notably don't. No. So get off your asses. Do something about it. And maybe we could stir something up and maybe we can all smoke a bottle later on. There you go. Thank you. I'm in the night. Okay. We have two open lines in the day five. Yeah, he's right. I mean, it's a very small organization that no national organization for the reform of marijuana laws and no cancer, whether around screaming and yelling. He's got about 10 people with him. And that's about it. No, I mean, you know, they're around, but it's a very, and of course you're here. Is it talk about swimming of upstream? I mean, you're fighting a losing battle pretty much in this society because this is one of those things that that people are taught. It's a given. I mean, this is drugs. Everything is lumped in is drugs. Booze. That's okay. Booze is okay. Because it's big goddamn business. In fact, if they put the booze out of it, they went back to probably not booze all the sports of go out of business tomorrow. How can we subsidize all these drugs dollar big salaries if we put but why is you out of business? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi, me. Yes, I got what I showed me. Your congratulations. Listen, the last kind of he hated one of the nail nail. I mean, everything that's going on right now from far to to the president. Hello. I'm listening. From far to the president. I mean, it's just a public. I mean, the public doesn't care. And you look at your shoulder pass through it. I mean, they don't care, Neil. And that's where the problem lies. I mean, like he said, if we get off. I'm telling you what they care about. Some of them found out that their seats were like a half an inch to small of the arena. The new macaroni yesterday. And the phones rang off the hook and was the most incredible money I've ever had on their show for a solid hours of people. I'd say 98% of the call. And you know, that's fine. You have a right to bitch and belly. I call him on your spending. But that's the kind of thing that motivates the people in this time. That's what they get whipped up into a frenzy about it. But when it comes to their rights, when it comes to basic human freedom, living like a munch living without being terrorized in a goddamn police state. We don't care about this. So we can't change it. It didn't. We don't have the time. And then, of course, when somebody in air family winds up getting 53 years in jail, because they had too many plants in the backyard, or because somebody planted a bunch of crap in your car, where ever they'll, oh, well, now all of a sudden they care. As long as their ass isn't being out, Gordon, they don't give a crap. But somebody else's ass is being Gordon, who cares? Here's a mobile and four-loader, Dale. Hello. Yep. Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to say I totally agree with what you've been saying about the plot. I think you've been handled the plot and control yourself and do the right thing. And make it happen. It's nobody's business. Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think the politicians will take it very seriously. What do you think about that? Of course they won't, because it's considered an American. It's like it would be like having a campaign to legalize prostitution in America, like it is an almost every Western European country. You can't even have an intelligence discussion about it, because it's not an apple pie, goody, too, shoes issue. And especially when you deal with this right-wing congress, we got it. You haven't got a Chinaman stance. I totally agree. Enjoy listening to your show and continue to good work. Okay, thanks. It's like this episode. I mean, I could spend a lot of time about this episode and learn me while only in this kid that got lynched there and murdered. This gay college student who was all a 5 foot 2109 pounds by the way, takes a couple of real courageous guys. Real good masculine courageous guys to go out there and defeat the living star out of this kid leaving for dead in the cold, which he did die. And then of course we have all these good Christian zealots coming on there last two days and voting yesterday on CNN and that stupid talkback show. This asshole from the family, they always put the word family in there. The family action counsel, the family research counsel, is this one that Gary Bauer notes your organization? Oh, well, you know, we don't need any more laws. We don't need any hate crime laws because then what you're doing is you're criminalizing people's attitudes. And what they're really saying is then you're putting a crimp in our ability to teach people that it's okay to hate gay, say, black state, whichever group we are, is our scapegoat for the year. That's what they're really saying. And of course in America, trying to, here's another one of these deals. Trying to change attitudes, law enforcement, I mean law enforcement treats gay's like 10 class people in this country, just like they treat blacks like 10 class people. And it's there and it's no different than it ever was. You can pass all the laws in the world, but until you change people's attitudes and until you change education, until you grow up and stop the hate and stop the narrow mindedness and stopping a bunch of emotional cripples, that's what this card on my cap is all about, Maddie, Lesham. It's a message. And the message is grow up and stopping a goddamn child, stopping a bunch of emotional cripples. That's the message. And stopping a bunch of sanctimonious hypocrites. And the idea that we got somebody on there who is trying to censor me and try to censor the message, I want to suppose to be a cutting edge revolutionary television station. Are you fooling anybody? No. No. You're not fooling even a five year old kid out there that would listen to this conversation. That somebody wants to censor a message that may be out of the mainstream. And you're supposed to be cutting edge in revolutionary. And you got a guy on here on kiddos frequency, smoking dope on the air. That's okay. But Neil's got a cartoel and postcard on his cap that he's wearing on there from Amsterdam. That's bad. That was goddamn Dutch. Here's a Western. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I love the topic today. What's not to like? It's a beautiful topic. Well, I'm Maddie Lesham. He decided what the topic was going to be for me. He made it easy. I want to know. Who decided to pot to be illegal? Like isn't going to just grow naturally? Sir, haven't you seen refer madness yet? You better get with it. Like why is pot illegal? The bananas are illegal. You ought to see what people are doing with the bananas. It's a good point. And cucumbers, all my pot. Yeah, exactly. You should think about, you know, if you could see what they're doing with zucchini's man, even Ron Jeremy would be embarrassed. Outgold steward blush. And that takes a lot. Well, you know, the best part about pot is you go home. You do a couple of bonkers. And you're done. I'm fine. You don't want to smoke anymore. You don't want to go rob the store. You know, you're probably getting in at every 25 minutes. You know, you know, I read the article about Amsterdam. I've been there about 40 or 50 times. It is the most peaceful, the most tranquil, the most pleasant, the most interesting place you could ever go in the world. There is no violent crime going on. Almost let maybe one, maybe if they have two murders in here. It's like a major story on a front page of the newspaper. It's on a herd of nobody's running around with guns, shooting each other. Everybody gets along. 90% of people got a big smile on their face. Yep. It's called real life. Real life. There's not any problem with this. It's not, it's not an issue. It's not something that's even discussed. Little kids are walking around and they in the red light district. Looking in the windows and seeing the hookers sitting in there. And they're looking at the walkin by the suck shops. Seeing these big gillows in the windows and all those other sexual material. And you know, something because they're exposed to it from the time that they're little kids. It doesn't have any titillation factor to them. It doesn't mean anything. They're mature. They're grown up. They're exposed to it. And it's dealt with openly and honestly, as opposed to the forbidden fruit, which is what America's all about. People wanted a lot more. Applelight a day one in Broward 560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm on. I think you do. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I see you like to party the Jamaican pension for marijuana. Yeah, I'm on. But I can tell you something. I would be very careful if I were your listeners. I'm just a little bit more. Just because it is cross-contaminated with a spray pile of quarks. Yeah, I'm the ear. Right. And it is done. I was there. You're way behind the time spell. Governor Bobby Graham was doing that here in Florida years and years ago. He was killing people with periquan. Yeah, but they do it right now. And you're making. Right. And what makes it worse. Maybe that's why those Jamaicans all drive like that, man. No, it's that's why Americans are dropping dead like flies from cancer. Yeah. Because what is going on is that it drifts on the wind. The powerquat. And I can tell you because I've a farm nearby. And nearby. A farm nearby. Nearby here is where they grow marijuana and a large scale. And my crops wither and die. Right. So therefore that stuff is bad news. And I can tell you Americans are dying like flies from smoking job to make a mile on. Yeah, man. Maybe it's a bloodless cool. Okay, that's all the more reason we got to grow our own sir. Maybe you're right. Okay, there you go. Okay, well don't be someone else anymore. Bad crap. And thanks a lot. I'm sitting in my studio at WNWSW snooze doing that serious horrendous topical talk. And I started a thing and this is when Governor Bob Graham started a paraclot thing. And I said, I guess everybody's going to have to start being their own farmers grow it in their own backyard. All you people want to smoke the wicked weed out there because the governor wants to poison you. And so I started a campaign. It was a joke. Just like the cards on the cap are a joke. It was a spoof. It was called seeds for the seedy. I said everybody out there said us all your pot seeds. We're going to have to start. We'll start our own goddamn off a gigantic farm down here in the ranch. I know wherever somewhere. And so sure enough people started sitting in seeds. And one day one day I'm sitting in a studio. I've got what is obviously a bottle of bird seed. Hearts Mountain bird seed. Yellow. You know the shape of bird seed. Does it look anything at all like marijuana seed? No, no. So I'm sitting in a bottle of bird seed. And Luke Cronar hysterical general manager who inherited the job. A glorified sales guy went to Casper went off to Nashville. Luke Cronar inherited the job as general manager. And the best part of the deal is Tom Jika was there that day from the old Miami news. I guess Tom was working for in those days. And he was writing an article about this story or about whatever something about the show. And Luke Cronar during a commercial break opens up the door to my studio and says to Tom, Tom, I have to ask you to leave for a minute. I got to talk to him. Tom goes out in the hallway and of course there they, the walls were almost as paper thin as they are here. And Luke Cronar lights into me. What are you going to do if you lost your mind? You're going to lose our license. It's time to just like many less human heat but his eyes weren't darting around as much like a rodent. Out of control out of his mind, making a major song of dance about bird seed. A bottle of hearts Mountain unlabeled bird seed. And we were going to lose the station's license according to Mr. Cronar. I was going to lose it for them because I had a bottle of bird seed. That would be like my saying, I'm sitting here smoking one right now. And you know what I am? I'm sitting here smoking right now. Am I not? Yes you are. I got one in my mouth right now. Crencetype between my teeth. Grow it in the ground. Mm-hmm. Grow? There it is. Of course it doesn't happen to be pot. It happens to be a predominant reserve of our friends in New York. A great cigar. My favorite in the world though. These are great. They're the best. But Lou Cronar probably have come running down the stairs if he heard me say, I'm smoking one right now. Oh my God, we're going to lose our license. It's sterical. Just like somebody we know over there at Wany. Maniacs. Because this is, you know what it is? When you really come right down to what this is, Stereo, this juvenile behavior. That's the American fucking way. Amen sweetheart, you said it. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, yeah, a real difficult time with the bird's feet, but Leslie and Tyler date was okay right? Right. Do you remember that? Well not on my show. Oh, what was it? I remember what you don't want to talk about. Yeah right. The dating show, the dating and raping show right? That's it. The funny thing about it is that I was listening to what you were talking about before. I have a son who is in sixth grade. He's in middle school, which I think is ridiculous to be putting six graders in middle school. But that's another show. He went to his first school dance on Friday night. And it wasn't until he went to that dance and came home as a sixth grader that he started to ask me about what's a bag, what's an end word, what's of this, what's of that? And it's amazing. You're not going to change the American people because the American people are educating their kids to act this way. And while I have a very open relationship with him as any questions, he knows he can come to me, he can ask me because I'd rather he asked me than look like a jerk in front of his friend. Yeah. And the fact of the matter is what he came home, I was like, most of the time he comes home and my girlfriend and I look at each other and go always in that few. What he's asking. But some of the stuff he was coming home and asking on Friday after that dance was a pauling. And I don't know what can be done about it. I don't know where it is. It's going to start at home. And that's why it never is going to change because nobody is going to start at home. Everybody I honestly believe genuinely feels like this is the way they want it to be. They're always going to hate these people. They're always going to hate those people. Just disgusting part about it. Just depressing it under their kids. So what do you do? Well, what do you do? It all depends on your offering. That that's where it's got to come from. The school can do it. The church is neus and agos. They're obviously not doing a very good job. In fact, the churches are doing a good job of the opposite of teaching people to hate each other because they believe different bullcrem. I wouldn't involve my son in Perofio school if I meant my wife. Well, I forget it. But it's just the fact that an elementary school everything is very antiseptic. It has all different kinds of colors and creates a friend. And it was like a culture shock. It's very scary. As a parent, it's very scary and as a person. It's very scary. Well, that's where the parents got a, you know, grab it by the bootstraps man. You're the only one who got the opportunity. But what if we're running? We have a two over the line. Remember the day that we had AJ and Kevin in here from the back street boys, even though you don't like their music. And I was talking to them about the fact that they traveled all over the world and how big their music was. It said when you're, and then we're talking about how great Amsterdam was. Now these are kids that are from Kentucky or Orlando West Palm Beach and Tampa. Who grew up in very ultra religious named it all backgrounds. And what do they say that it was a breath or fresh year how fantastic they found it over there because the people were so much in more in lighten. And the kids were so like light years ahead of American kids because of their realistic and open and honest attitudes about sex and drugs and every other guy damn thing. As opposed to the Stone Age American thing. That's the American fucking way. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Good. Congratulations on bringing up the subject. Uh-huh. I'd also like to mention one of your authors. Uh, the author of his been released from jail on a quarter million dollars bail finally. Really can jail for what? Oh, conspiracy to grow marijuana. Uh, he suffers from AIDS and none Hopkins Hodgkins and Phoma. And was a planning out in California under their medical marijuana, a compassionate, uh, medical marijuana, uh, to conspiracy to grow marijuana. He'd actually grow any and he hadn't given any away. So he'd distributed to anything else. But he was charged with conspiracy. So for quarter of a million dollars, his family finally bailed him out. Oh my God. Yeah, he was 19 pounds in jail. It wasn't just denied his AIDS medication. Beautiful. Yeah. But I said that's the American fucking way. That's right. Yes sir. Uh, I'm surprised that you don't go further in just we've got to end this. Next thing, you know, we're going to have a 40 store, uh, 40 story total, uh, you know, compassion for society, drug agency up in Washington, uh, you know, dominating everything else. It's a two open lines a day one and a. Six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pong five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. 21 to noon and from some of those people out there to think that pot is the wicked way. Come on. Let's hear out there. I want to hear from some of those people that make some sense. That agree with Maddie, less than the think that this is the worst possible thing that we could do. It's an any message to our kids that marijuana might not be evil that maybe that refermed this when just a little bit too far perhaps. Are there any of those people out there? No. You know, shopping for a. Well, Floridians dumb as dirt. Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle. Joe, my mother is my dear and close with his very plate of sea. My husband's cousin is me. That's the American way. You said it. Okay, I'm 44 or five 60 WM. Here's a fact that says, do people at Channel 69 have any idea how to run a business or how to promote anything? No. Neil Rogers is one of the most talented broadcasters ever. Just listen to some of the other crap on radio down here. You're shooting yourself in a foot doing list. And it says, is there any other show where the talk host talk about the stuff Neil does in his unique way? No. Are you supposed to be controversial? No. Are you people brain dead? I'm not going to be a joke. It says signs Jim, which I hope he said it over to them because sending it to watch though, do any good. But nevertheless, we got it on here. And I'm sure Maddie is monitoring right now, isn't it? In between the hits. Okay. Now, are we going? We got these people worked up to a friend's year one. No. All the day lines are open and open line and brown. As we're having a real stimulating conversation here today, but as usual, all of a sudden they all vanish. Because the cats got their tongue. Look at that one line on a board there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pong 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And the guy who called before who said about the dead as American people, with their dead as attitudes, her well, they just sit back and have every goddamn freedom taken away from them. One at a time is absolutely correct, sir. The most complacent, the most large people brainwashed in a belief in an air. Oh, this is the freest in the greatest he has sure it is. Tell me another good one. Okay. Yeah. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. How you doing, Neil? I have a pen vacation. I come back and turn on way me to watch Mash last night. Yeah. Which is the only program that seems to have anything going for. And it's like 30 years old. And they had that thing about you. Well, he didn't rerun. Now. Yeah. And I'm like turn of my head. You were the only original program that had anything of value. I'm in reruns by their choice because starting last Tuesday, so today makes one week that they've been running old shows from a month ago and weeks ago that make no sense at all because I got this cap on with this cartoon postcard on my head. Oh, my god. I mean, because they're supposed to be cutting edge and instead they're cutting crap is what they're cutting over there. It's just a horrible travesty and I've dealt with them in a marketing fight. And they're like little children. I don't know who the guy hired the guy in Boko who owns the place. Some riches really guy. Yeah. But he's hiring like, it's like he's hiring his family, his children. It's their friend sounds like you. I am to me. And it's a horrible. It's a you know, you got a great thing to work there. If they only put together a professional organization. Yeah. Well, they don't anyone. It's a horrible thing. It's a typical front for our software operation. And I heard what it was. It's like a toy of this guy. And he just playing was it. He's playing with it. All right. And it's a horrible thing. I explained this behavior a little bit too much. Okay. Now, what was that flurry that we had there was that to nothing? Nothing. Oh, yes. Oh, I'm glad that one of the traffic report. We had a guy that wanted a traffic report. There we go. They're dropping nuclear weapons on homestead. There haven't. There haven't earthquakes in the middle of North Carolina. The Pope just had a bad bowel movement. And this guy's worried about some traffic report. There you go. That's not the American fucking way too often lines in date. One in Broward. Any interest here today? No. Sorry. I brought this up. But at least maybe it'll kill at the half hour night at 10 30. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Do they get the message? No. Do they understand what I'm trying to convey here? No. Do they have any interest in it? No. Here's a couple of rage. Hello. They don't. Yes sir. I can't believe it. It's been like 30 seconds. For what? Waiting on the phone. I'm going to keep it. When you call or that, I got, you know, nobody interested here today. Well listen to that. Because we're not catching about the arena. And their seats are too small. And they're parking took them too long to get there. It's sort of awesome. Maybe their asses are too big. Four hours of that. Yes, today. Four hours. I had a people pitching in belly. I can, that's the South Florida mentality. Kill some good time though. Yeah, did. It was great. Hey Neil. I'm calling that the disagree with you. Yeah. I'll go ahead. Um, marijuana instead of us arguing and trying to get marijuana legalized and all that stuff. We should be sitting here raising hell about the alcohol industry and getting that sensor because that's what you're getting. What? What? What? What? What? What? It should not be a shut down or a throat advertised on every medium available. And that tells more kids than we would ever even think of. Yeah. And there's a lot of things going backwards and start working on the alcohol industry and up the country. Mm-hmm. That's my point. How are you going to do that? The same way that you're going to get probably, go ahead. I'm not going to get pot. So I'm not going to get pot, the criminalized, legalized, recognized, any of those things in this country. It's not going to happen. Well, I guess we're all screwed then. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your conclusion. There you go. That made it easy. Now what do we do? Two open lines of date, five six seven oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's the same thing with gun. There's nothing inherently wrong with gun. If that when you put guns in the hands of people that are juvenile and irresponsible, then then you got a problem. And Americans as a people are too emotionally immature and irresponsible to have guns. Americans as a people are too emotionally irresponsible to be drink it all is booze. And go and out there and drive it and kill it each other and try to kill us. That goes back again to your upbringing and it goes back to attitudes. It goes back to social immoraries. It goes back to education. There is no education in America. American education is an oxymoron. There's no such guy damn thing in this country. We got 170 million functional alerts out there. But hey, they shouldn't place a mean football and back to ball. Tell you that. Where we going? Let's do a homestead. Hello, where the dropping the nuclear weapon. Hello. I don't know. What's that guy talking about? It's really an acre and stuff. What's up with that? It beats me. I don't know man. I mean everybody knows what Nicka does. Yeah. Everybody knows what the guards do and all that. I mean you should be able to decide what you want to do. If you own poison, that's what I say. That's what I say. The only problem of the alcohol law is when you're boozing it up and then go out there and driving. They ought to put you away. Take the car away. Put you behind bars and leave you there for about 50 years. So you have to get that. Instead of having some crack lawyers coming along, get you off so you can go out there and try to kill some more people next week. That's right. That's what you should be done. You're not going to be all the time. You're not going to have to be. You know I can be all right. You know I'm working right now. I'm going to leave. You know. Yeah. I think the whole whammy crew probably is just doing another their mind. You show the great man. I don't know what the people talking about. He's got it off the air man. You're going to piss me off. Okay, pal. All right. Have a good one. But watch out for that damn a periquot baby. They're spraying it. That was a good call from that you're making good. There's a good lesson for all you people out there. Okay. All you're making drug partners. I hate to break the news. But you'll have to find a new kind of occupation. Because you're your son and damage goods. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18th year wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hey. Speak to me. I'm here. Okay. I'm allowed to. I'm back to old days. Your psychic bird and. I'm a loser of land and shirt or mischief. I. I spent five percent years every day. I'm. I'm a life and I'm a man. Here we send a little day for ten. My name is. I'm a. I'm a. We're. Okay, I respect. Okay, I respect. There you go. There you go. That's what Pavel's looking at. Don't you ever. You kids out there. Even start thinking about touching that wicked weed. Here was just happening to this guy. Didn't do that. Just like that. Just like going out of guy damn furer faucet. Like going out of draining your bathtub. This guy just vanished. It's been smoking every day for ten years. And all of you just got sucked into the guy damn center of the earth with that. Like a fire is waiting for him. How do you like that? That's right. So if you guys out there don't want to get sucked in. To that lake of fire that is. Then you better cut the crap right now. I'm on. Open line in date five six seven. Five sixty and five sixty. It's too bad that happened because I wanted to hear the rest of the story. I wanted to hear what happened in them after ten years of smoking every single day of their lives for ten years. And he's still alive. They hit him with five joints and he's still alive. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Your show is great. Yes, it is. I just want to say I agree with you. They should leave it like this. And it's everybody's problem whenever they're doing their own time. Right. You know, I am the. That goes back to that do know harmful loss of you again. If you want to smoke a little weed, if you do whatever it is, you want. And it doesn't affect your of the way you relate to anybody else. You're driving away the house. Then who the house businesses it? What kind of government have we got to tell you what kind of a plan you can grow in your back yard? Exactly. What kind of senses they're in that? I totally agree with. Even a little child would laugh at that. That your government can tell you what kind of seed you can plan in the ground. I'm cracking that. I totally agree with you. I think you're sure it's great. And just keep up to go where. Okay. Thanks. The government tells you what kind of seed to plant in the ground. And then where you can plant your seed. You're a good boy. President's busy planting his seed on dresses up there. That was the worst mistake. You don't plant your seed on a goddamn dress. Especially when it's being worn by a psychotic swat. Like that fish monica up there. That saves it as a souvenir for a rainy day. Just in case it might come in handy. A rainy day or the DNA whichever comes first. Crazy bitch. And we got all these people up there wasted millions and millions and millions and millions of our harder and dollars. We work like dogs and don't think that I don't just cause I'm here only four hours a day. I expend more goddamn mental energy in these four hours every day that most of you do in your whole goddamn lifetime. Trying to talk into a vacuum. I could talk into a black hole. Well, I can't say that. I'll maybe we cut that out. I wouldn't be surprised if he's talked into a black hole or two at his time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Not to mention no names. We have two old slime. Did I say it on 55 on QA? I think I did. It's a Neil Roger show. Neil Roger's guy. Hey. Bob and produces four times as much papers in acre of trees. The hemp seed is second only the soybeans in protein content. Cloth made from hemp is eight times as strong as a two point four yards. Nothing. Well, high school teams can do better than that. Yeah. I love Jimmy. It's restaurant's pretty good. But uh, I don't know. One thing a lot of people forget in the middle of all this is that the dolphin payroll is the third lowest in the NFL and the fine figure of Wayne is in the middle of this again. See for some reason where the Marlins, course he, I mean totally clean house there. But uh, and the same with the Panthers, they didn't spend a lot of money any money on free agents. But where the dolphins, it doesn't get any publicity. But he's got the third lowest payroll in the whole NFL. Uh, and is that that's not shocking. You know, I mean, guy doesn't do it. Look at the boxbuster. Cocklist. That's, that place is doing nothing. Right point. And yes, think of that. You know what, I got a problem with Wayne with that. Yeah. I got, I returned a video to them about a month ago. They said that I, uh, I couldn't run a video and I said, well, how do I run a video about two weeks ago? Or I don't know why that happened. Anyway, that you have to talk to our supervisor. And I said, well, what the hell is the problem with that? You know, and you're even charging me the full amount of, uh, Yeah, what the, you can't run with that. Exactly. You know, and they said, and the bottom line is, yeah. And the reason they said is because, oh, it wasn't here when we did our inventory. I said, well, you got a bunch of teenage kids there stealing the things for so-by drugs and stuff like that. Yeah. You know, and she didn't believe me. So, I don't know. I said, you know what? Wayne. And she said, that's the American fucking way. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 560505060 and pound-560 on a mobile one line. Okay, and they go have a great life. Well, I got a P real bad, you know what? Thank God we got these long commercial breaks here on WQAM. We're talking to go into that, but I won't because we got, first we got to iron out the Wany problems. Oh, and by the way, the rumor has it around the building. And again, it's only rumor because these are not the decision makers here. These are the only the underlings. But the rumor has it that that you all beyond the night of 1030. So, you know, Terry Jackson from the Herald, he asked me a legitimate question yesterday. He said, is this, you know, I don't want to sound suspicious, but is this a publicity stunt, the thing with the cap and the show on TV? And I thought to myself, you know, and I even told Tom Jick of this. I said, Maddie Lysham isn't smart enough to pull off a publicity stunt. Okay, and that's the guy they'm truth. In addition to which these postcards have been here for months. And there was never any issue about it until all of a sudden, the corner of his eye one day when he wasn't busy banging somebody over there, or whammy, he happened to see the show and all of you could have that on there. But since I complied, and since he has said right here in print, now we'll save this article right in the prestigious Herald. He says it's a matter of context. If he wants to show it as a part of a show about whether marijuana should be legal, that's fine. But to just hang it out there as a poster, we're not going to show that. So there we go. We've headed on today and I didn't put it until I started reading that article, et cetera. And there you go. What was that that you were so psychotic about? Oh my good friend, God. Doesn't he understand that if he doesn't stop calling us, that we're going to call his doctor and have his supply of pros act, taking away, and have him taken away, isn't this the same chronic run that called you in a apologize for the inconvenience of calling here over and over and over again, because he doesn't have any life and we don't want to speak to him. And he says what? He's sorry. He calls to continuously apologize. We accept your apology. Apology is accepted. Don't go away. Man, just go away. Run. We accept your God damn king apology, okay? Now just go away. We have an open line of browards. Just tie up the line of browards so he don't get on there. Where do we find these people? Where do we find the runs and the Gilbert? And I won't even clue the guy with the eyes in there anymore, because he's graduated. And then the guy with a fanny pack. I mean, he's, he's, what do I say about him? Which I have his name out by the way? Because he gave me that thing that he thought I was going to go over to and then Morson by a new Corvette, which I was going to do, but I changed my mind since my old one, they fixed me very nicely. Thanks to my friends that had more by the way, they're great. You know, he showed up last time we had one of those van giveaways with Sam and Chris. Yeah, bitching that they weren't giving it away enough crap for his trouble. He showed up at the, the pizza loft. He showed up at the border sting and then left and then came back again. Oh, I know somewhere in my wallet. I got that thing with his name. Here it is. His name is George. George. How do you like that, huh? For a phony name, George. We got George with a G in George with a J and George with a S on a N, which blows. Here's a lady in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. How you doing? Great. Hey, I just wanted to call him. Thank you for covering this issue. I'm surprised to see you do it because I know how you feel about drug use. Yeah. But you know, I don't consider people that's most potty drug use. Well, I don't either. But you know, you said about it doesn't times. Now, don't smoke dope where you're good at the toilet. Anyway, I wanted to thank you for that. But I also want to point out that I think you're missing a big part of the picture. Yes. That is, you're talking about the infringement to a freedom, which are, you know, of very important issue. But have you thought about the effect that prohibition actually has as opposed to the effect that it was intended to have? Meaning what? Well, you know, they're trying to keep everybody from smoking pot, but what actually happens is, you know, punctual, I Pablo Escobar because of multi-millionaires and alcohol. Yeah. What's the current one, Coriel? Well, but that's maybe you didn't hear me read that article. That's what that article was all about. Well, that was the whole point. That was the whole point. Is that a creates a black market? So, as you make something illegal, it creates a tremendous black market. And you become partners with organized crime and disorganized. Okay. I think correct. Do you don't listen to anything? I'm on top of it. Well, thank you. Okay. So, uh, put the kidney on my core wave. Two open lines in Broward 560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line. Are they in food? No. Are they worked up to a frenzy? No. They smoking it? Oh, there you go. Nine minutes past noon at five, 60. I'm coconut creep. Okay. Later. Let me say wait a minute. Okay. No. Okay. Okay. I think Jessica Smutchial beat up on a rangers. I got news for you, baby. The rangers are pathetic. Just like Neil got predicted. Perfect. Or you see that cool. It was like a Felix Puffin from almost a center rice. Al McGinna's there you go. Natural head trip for Al McGinna's last night for St. Louis, including like way outside of Blue line. Right through rickters like nice going my rangers blow. We have an open line in date. 560, 750, 50, 60 in a mobile one line. The important New Yorkers van the islanders went out of that Coliseum. They can't even find a place to play. That's fit to play in. And they had like 11,000 some for their opening game. They're home open. 11,000 in some in New York. And rangers are going to be probably the worst team in the whole damn conference. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You're not going to believe this. Is anyone I probably could ask yours. But is anyone called in about the major track of the M on 95? No. Northbound and Southbound. In the land channel, they're there. Yeah. But like 20 people up on the overpass was signed. A big sheet supply would attach to the guardrail. I saw a sign saying what? Well, I mean, let me lead up that. Okay. We'll work anyway. Six hundred vendors. You know, as a result, I believe, of the traffic jam. Right. I mean, the C. Northbound is probably a couple miles. Southbound isn't too bad. Yeah. But 20 people up there. Somebody, they got to attach to the retaining wall. Fire the liar. Yeah. Meaning Clinton? I guess so. Uh-huh. I don't have the cops going over there yet or whatever. And I'm all for freedom of expression and whatever. But, you know, Palm Beach Sheriff or the cops are going to love food underbikes. Palm Beach, everybody. I think everybody ought to get together. All the people stuck in traffic and they all ought to yell. Jump. Jump. Jump. And that might solve the problem. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560 and Palm 560 on a mobile one line. Those people in Palm Beach. What a sense of humor. Oh, they got a sense of humor. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. I don't know if you read a newspaper yesterday, but the article about the FBI getting the database of the DNA. About what? You didn't see that, then now we're going to start getting DNA on everybody that they are rest so they can have a database. Oh, right. Great. That's just another example of a big brother keeping an eye on. I agree everything you're saying about legalization upon stuff. But it's just big brother. You know, a big brother keeping track of everybody. Yeah. Get your passport, Andy Pell. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, at Barry, what's a very direct hot out can he keep his job? Unless we can do DNA and everybody. That's especially now. Thanks to OJ. OJ, done it. We have an open line in day one in Broward 560 and Palm 560 on a mobile one line. This is the freeest country. Anybody believe that? Well, I want to joke. Talk about brainwashing and propaganda. I can't even get a little bit ahead up there without the whole. How about having a $50 million investigation about it because they couldn't nail him on something else? And we got a bunch of crazy people up there in Palm Beach. You're worth that guy, is it? Can you believe that story? Got traffic tied up for like two miles back because we got crazy people. Tying themselves to the retriever. Are retaining restraining wall? Fire the liar? What the hell can you say about the behavior of some of these crazy people? You know, I've got no line. I'm not rages. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. You're God. You're the anti-Christ. Yeah. 40 years I'm popping the weed nail every morning, every noon. Yeah. It's not a dick at all. Yeah. And the need to tell the radio. It's not indicative of your behavior. That is correct. I run a major corporation. I believe it. And I figure if the seeds weren't got didn't want us to smoke it. You know, the seeds wouldn't be round and roll out with a matchbook cover. There you go. My son asked me, said, should it be legalized? I said no. Man the story. All right. Okay pal. We're tracing a call. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. And I mean, what the hell did God invent the seed for in the first place if it's the wicked way to invent something evil? All the devil made it. All the devil made it. There you go. The devil did it again. This devil is a busy son of a bitch. Any? This devil is doing all kinds of nasty stuff to try to tempt us into evil. So when you before you stick those seeds in the ground, you better see whether the good seeds or the bad seeds. What the hell was your name that played in the bad seed? Patty? What was your name? Patty Duke. Was it it? Was it? Patty Duke. We see the one that I don't know. You know the movie the bad seed, okay? That's what you got to check out. You better have Luke Cronlook on her. See is it the hearts mountain bird seed? No. Is it the marriage of Winy seed? No. Is it the bad seed? There you go. Look out. Patty Duke is that who it was? I guess it was. What was he like? A little punk. Here's Miami. Hello? Neo. Yes, sir. Great. Long time listener. And long time, Kloha. Good. Neo, I went to the first pantheor game when I couldn't fit my ass in the seat. Yeah, I bet. Oh my god. Is that seed skinny? And I got a spiral port for you. I want to your advertisers. Oh, I'm great. Okay. We have an open line in date 560560 and pound 560 and a mobile one line. Here's a mobile informe. Hello? Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. I have three things. If you don't mind, I want to ask you about number one is I'm a live in Boca and I have Comcast so I've never seen Wami which really. You won't see it, sir. Not in Palm Beach. Believe me, your life you live a lot happier and a lot longer. You'll never see it. Okay. That's what you want. Let's see the 7 and 8 and 9 o'clock news and mash over and over again. And I'm missing a thing. Okay. I've seen all the match. I have a friend who is an inveterate pot smoker and beer drinker. And he's like an assistant provost at one of the largest community colleges here in Florida. There you go. Oh, he's played. They loved this guy. He's gone right up the ladder. He smokes morning noon and 90 drinks. I mean, if it's good enough for William F. Buckley, then how could it be? You know, how could there be possibly anything wrong? Because he's as good as two shoes and right wing as they come. That's great. Here's one more thing. Have you ever heard of a bat or a one the hitter? A one? It's called a one hitter. It's a little rat device that you can you kind of use it while the order. They're nodding their head and the other run because we got a bunch of pot smokers in there. I don't I don't smoke. I'm not interested in. Don't you understand? Well, can I describe it? I'm going to go ahead. Okay. It's for your listeners who have never seen one or have been able to enjoy one. The nice thing about it. I thought a one hitter was in a baseball game. Go ahead. It's shaped and painted. It can be shaped and painted. It'll look exactly like a cigarette. Yeah. You could be sitting right across from a police when I say an intersection and take a nice big thingy to hook and the cop would never know what's going on. Yeah. It's a beautiful thing. How do they cut it on? He's smoking and have a great day like I was going to say how do you know what he's smoking. Because they get there's pretty cheap. We have an open line in what? Patty McCorrick. Yeah, wasn't Patty Duke out. Patty Duke. Jesus, come on get with it. Yeah, but whatever happened to Patty McCornecker. What ever her name was? 27. Bring it to mind. Yesterday I was in a in a mobile station over there on Flamingo getting my fish thick on the way home. And a bottle of soda. And as I was in there the guy ahead of me was I had bought a container of chew into back. And brought it back because it was stale or was rotten or worms. And whatever. And I was thinking of myself as I walked out. Why do guys chew tobacco? The nicotine. Huh? The nicotine rush. They say the flavor. But wait a minute if you want nicotine you can smoke a faggot. It can also get on the choke. What? You choke and cough. Yeah, but chewing tobacco like causes the grotesque cancers in a mouth. And all these jocks. I mean it's been studying this for years. And it like tears away the tissues. And these kids emulate these asshole jocks that the chew and race card drivers two by the way, Joe. The chew tobacco and go on and do these ads for it. I mean what what what are the disgusting and any of these guys spending it. That's that's what I was thinking of over this mass and he can thing. Spending it all over. It's what I mean smoking cigarettes is bad enough. But she's that black gooey, Smarmey, direct. That's a carry a cup around with them a ruckair or something like that in spit and it went down. A chance. Something in little portable. A little portable. A little portable. Yeah. They carry a spit tune around with them. That's classy. So maybe somebody can call in lighten us today. The wonders of Chondabaka. Isn't that a redneck thing? Sure. Which kind the big cheek char the snoose. The what? The W snoose. I thought they were off the air. The snoose? Well what is a snoose? That's the pinch between the cheek and gum. Just a little pinch between my cheek and gum, yeah. I suppose the big handful. Oh, the big handful of water. The little like Justin Thompson who pitches for the tigers. You look pretty good, Justin. But would that big hole in your cheek or not? I could look too good anymore. When you chew the other one, you just suck. When you chew on and the other one, you just suck on. Okay. So that's our, I mean we started out with nerds. We did it. Then we worked all our way to Chondabaka. Okay. We're making some very serious progress here today. Fuck it in and hold it. I'll pass. Where we oh god. What did this disgusting filthy. Have it. It makes smoke and cigarette seem like almost antiseptic. Forget about yellow teeth. How about brown stain teeth? How about like black? Looks like I got it. Shoablack. Like they stole Ron Reagan's hair polish from them. Or broken Brian's got it first. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Well, I have a little bit of a problem. My oldest son and his son who happens to be 16 years old living Chicago. Yes. And he called me up about two, three weeks ago and he said that, how would you handle this situation? Well, he found his son smoking grass. And he said, but what can I do? I smoke too. I can tell him not to. Older boy was his son stealing his stuff? No, no, no, no. That's good. Not the worst of when your kid steal your stuff. No, nothing much to error. But he, this young, 60 years old, he was brought up to be an athlete. Yes. His whole idea is to play varsity when he goes to college. Yeah. Now I am afraid that my son is afraid that he might be tested for marijuana or something like that. Yeah. Oh, what's good? The best and best in Newspaper. Suggestness, uh, get him to the health food store. Get that stuff that you take to a phone he got to drug test. Here we go. Okay, glad we saw the problem, Poison, any other questions? We have an open line. What do you laugh about? That's what everybody else does, isn't it? I mean, let me ask you this question. Suppose here I'm Jewish, okay? Which I am in a diet only. And long comes the poor. And I'm loving it. And nobody's going to take away my home entash net poor. Okay? We know it's nice little poppy seeds in there. And suppose that they have their poor. And I've had two or three of those humontoshin that come in here and decide they want to do drug testing on me because those poppy seeds show up positive tests. Open baby. You're right. On, by the way, you know, I finally figured out what Maddie Lushon really does. But anyway. But no, you just said the magic word. I don't think her misarranged. He's from Israel. I think he's a Turkish spy. Okay? Because they told me Rob told me that he was running around in a Turkish towel over there. But he's here. Where am he? Yesterday? That's what they told me. Sucking on his Turkish tapy. Or something. Do you know what else? Pretty choose to back in this audience. Oh, thank God. What an disgusting filthy vulgar, dangerous nasty habit. I mean smoking. I mean smoke and ziflity and that advantage, etc. But I can see why people smoke. I can understand it. But chewing tobacco, get your mouth full of all that. I mean, even when you smoke a good cigar, like I'm smoking this progoma reserve right now from next which is a great cigar. But it's a little on the, I mean, you know, you chew up the end of your gutto enjoy a great cigar. You have to chew up the end a little bit. You go, yeah, get a little, the soggy. Like that one Monica was working on. Get the little bit soggy, baby. And it's a little bit of that tobacco gets in your teeth and they write it. It's a little on a messy side. Isn't it? Yeah, it is. There's nothing antiseptic about smoking a stogi. But the idea of just taking a whole bunch of that stuff is starting to cry or wrong like that. It's an every little cranny in your teeth. Oh, God. The Copenhagen in the, in the, in the school is an every pocket. I put little piece to my chicken gum. And then head back up to Aintree. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You go piss off the virgin Mary, man. You better stop that. Yeah, she's up there. Conny, your Georgia right now. You better get on your hands and he's here. Yeah, man. You better get on your hands and he's. But you know, I call up because you've been talking about this for the last past years and years and years. Stay safe. About the religious right, Wayne. Marijuana and all of us. Yeah, you've been listening every day. Have a good. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day to one at Broward 5. 5. 6. 6. And Pond 5. 6. The on the mobile one line. I've been talking about marijuana every day for the last day. No, I don't think so. Get with it. I don't think so. Yes, sir. I've never taken drugs in my life, but I do love to do one thing. Yeah. Whatever. And the very few times I've had to take a drug test. I know it's subconscious. So I don't think I don't know what I'm doing until I do it. That morning or that day before I go out of the test. You're going to eat a good home and talk to him. No, I have two poppy seed. Two big poppy seed. They go. Well, do it. With all the work. Yeah. And they know they ask you. Do you have to take a drug. You know, though, I've had two poppy seed bigals. And they say, well, every the few times I've gone, the, you know, like, the technician, like, has a cow. She runs and goes, you know, see, whatever. And she comes back and goes, well, you know, it is legitimate food. So we really can't say anything. Well, what kind of work do you do that you have to do drug tests? Well, when you apply for a government job and stuff like that, you know, well, employees now. A lot of employees don't drugs, but it just pisses me off. Excuse my friend. I mean, you're involved with like classified information or some highly sensitive position. I detect the work, but no, no. That's like that. No. All right. I'm an old lady. You need a drug test for it. If you work for a government or anything. There's another opportunity for a government to stick their nose so they can put a good employee I filed together for you. Yeah. And just waiting in the woods to stick it to you. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, I don't know if you remember back in the, and it had to be case this, the midi just before the fall rush. Kids used to write to rush out to get stamps to see it allows these stamp back and they'll stamp collectors. Yeah. They would get FBI files on because they wrote to Russia. I mean, yeah. So we are unions. But then we get FBI files automatically because they wrote to the same. That's what I think was the case with Lee Harvey Oswell. I don't think he ever was in Russia. I think he just had a stamp collection. Yeah. I think he just wanted them to lick it. Yeah. Okay. I don't think they'll take care of. They did want to lick it. We have two offer lines in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Tonight at 10 thirty there's Neil of that on a whammy day. You'll ever need to watch if they show it and they damn well better or maybe lushings a big liar. 10 thirty to 11 on whammy nights. The only time we did that we really request that you tune in because we don't know if you've got Neil's in meters anyway. So it's not a ratings thing. I hate to break the news to all those critics out there and think this is a job to hype the ratings for get that it's hopeless. But because there's a message in there and then you'll be able to see this postcard for man's to them that there's been all this big too mild about that had somebody have an ever spraked out over there with his Turkish towel. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yeah. How's it going? Okay sir. I don't want to dress this not issue. Yeah. The first thing is the one thing that it does the guards and cigarettes don't do. Yeah. There's no second hand smoke. You're doing it to your own body. And I do that to you. You're absolutely correct and I'm not talking about that. Good point. You know, I have an outside job. I play softball a lot and it's an environment that's been around. Yes, this is nasty habits. There's no doubt. But you know, everybody does it. Does it? Does it irritate the whole other linings you're also? So far no. It's great for your seat. It's a terrible for your guns. But in on the Marijuana, I'm a former 20 year marijuana user but had to get out of the car. Because of the again, I work in a par amitial industry and they had drug testing. But as far as the stuff goes, you've been ahead of the thing. People are the hardest player. Right. Like your cigars do. And I think the incident to cancer was probably equal to oral cancer for cigars. But you're not there's no second hand. You're doing it to yourself. You're not doing it to anybody else. And I guess you could do it on a plane if you had your own little spatuna. I've done that. Have you really? Yes I have. People can't smoke. I've been able to get my nicotine fixed. Like I said, I'm starting to get into this. Thanks a lot pal. All right. Okay. Good luck. All the way. I'm not in the nicotine. That's why nobody in hell cigars do they? They do. Oh, Jesus, you've got to be crazy. Do you want to hell with a stogi? No nicotine in those stogies. You can keep suck around from out. Don't cause come home on a cup. But there ain't no nicotine in them. We have an open line at Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six. I mean, I don't want to stand like a judge metal because I'm trying to say, I don't think. But if I'm sitting next to somebody on an airplane, I especially on a long trip. And they got a big charge to back on it. And it's like starting to run down your chin, you know, a little bit. And the tobacco juice, too. And now they're starting to like they got a little, 10 cup or something. You know, like that in middle of the plane. It's a little bit unaputizing as what I would say. And then you've got the guys that brag about swallowing. All right. We don't want to get to that on this show. This is a different kind of a show. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line. Maybe years ago, I might have considered that not anymore. Okay. I'm sorry. Now we're the kind of stuff that's going around these days. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a car over here and I got this connect my mobile phone. Okay. Here's my X-Wack and I've got this phone. All right. Thank God. You got back on it. I thought that you went to hell on a hand basket. No. No. Okay. When they kicked out of me about three years old, we started, you know, this is probably we shouldn't be doing that. So we look just, we quit. And it was probably like giving up eating track with chip cookies. We decided not to do it anymore because we had to kid in each other. And maybe a year later we'd be to party and someone passes you on and we share the joint. Okay. No problem. And that's been a lot of kids about it here at the college now. Now also I gave up the cigarettes mugging after 20, some years that was hell. Oh yeah. And no one's having that. Well, that's because of nicotine is highly addictive. People have a much, much tougher time giving up cigarette smoking that smoking weed. Yeah. And then on top of that, I'm not the holly. That hasn't had a drink in six years. But I couldn't get that up with that. I mean, that was really, right. So I've been around. So let me say again, the highly addictive things, nicotine, sugar and alcohol. Those are the three dangerous highly addictive things. And then they're all legal. Yeah. If Mike's on his own college next year, if he should come to me and say that, I'd love to college. And I'm going to eat a drink beer or I'm going to smoke pot, which would you recommend without a doubt, smoke pot. Do you have that? I was in a noxious drunk. I was nasty. I didn't mean to join and I'm hectic pot by the top on the corner or eating brownies. You know, I'd never bothered anyone. We know what's in the brownies too. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. We know what's in the brownies, Mon. We have an open line at Broward 560560, and a mobile one line. Grow off America. That's the message. How come we're not on nationwide television right now. Instead of this great of unsusctrin, who wouldn't have a goddamn job if it weren't for the O.J. trial? How do you like that? Two innocent people headed by, viciously brutally murdered, so that all these assholes could get big jobs on nationwide worldwide TV on CNN. Including that jackass on MSNBC, that John Gibson, I'm going to tell you something, man. My guy is a piece of walk in terror that John Gibson guy. He's another product of the O.J. cottage industry in the media. John Gibson. This is the 24 hour moniker gate station. His MSNBC. And you know something I'll speak about NBC? Now I can say this now that I got rid of my GE stock. Tom Rokaw is getting worse by the day. He is, because I always watch Stan Radder. I like CBS news. I like Stan Radder, so what's not to like. But last night during a commercial break, I flipped over, and because they always take their commercial breaks, all of that works the same time. And Brokaw was just finishing up a story. He cannot speak at all. You know, he had my, on Nate line. Yeah, I'm sure he can't, he's got a cloggle that is getting so much worse. And he's on air, and people look at this with a straight face. Like this is a newscaster. He can't speak. A lick. Well, maybe he can lick, but he can't speak. I mean Barbara Walver's elicis amusing. She's humorous and kind of a sick prophetic Jewish way, okay? But Tom Rokaw, he and I, I mean, I mean, he, what? They're going to have to start putting Tim Roserd on with him to translate on the goddamn news every night. Or that goddamn, that's yet a guy's name that I always call think his shadow of Stevens. What's that guy name? Stone Phillips. Stone Phillips. You can't put a guy name, Stone on a guy name, Knightley. Who's you crazy? Robin oughta business here. Tim, I, I mean, who's, okay, Tom, whatever you say, whatever it was, whose pictures you think he's got? Call 56 at 5. 60 probably the same one, Leweann's got. Hey, if you sleep at an lumpy, the red car, and she's back, she's back and out of her space. The only problem is I'm pulling around her, go around the parking lot there to get my, it's a park to get my mail. I just happen to be in the way. Luckily, I'm over far enough to the right. Now see what she's about to do. She just backs right on that. Well, maybe to do a shirt or with her, she might have had a different altitude. I've been doing it for eight years. Yeah. And it is. And it's just a little small hole in your cheek. It's, you know, you can a little bit of mascara, or a rose or whatever covers it up. Listen, I can get a shot. I can get another shot, sorry, sorry. There you go. Okay, Bob, bottoms up, two late, your phone's grabbing off. We have an open line of day one and a browner. So is the show going to be on the night or what? You know, did I ask a tough question just then? No. As to see it. He has to see it. I got something he can see. Okay, if he's got good eyesight. How about this? Can you see that? Eight minutes after one at five, sixty WQM, you're bashing for the night. He's forget about those balls. He TV stations that we haven't in his town. No. Hey, talk about wild, from color richer wherever he was. He was going to disagree. And then by the time we got done, he was, he really wasn't disagree. About the decriminalization or legalization of marijuana. Is there one person in this audience who can give us one valid reason? Why the marijuana laws in this country make any sense? No. And we had one yet so far today. No. I'm waiting. That's the challenge, okay? That's the Pepsi one challenge. By the way, if you tried Pepsi one yet, oh, that's right. You don't want it because it's a diet thing. I don't diet. I'm drinking it right now. Oh, Pepsi one. Is there a new, haven't you read about that? It's diet, but it's supposed to take it. What does it got in it? It does have caffeine. Don't they have caffeine free? I don't want caffeine. And that's another thing, by the way, since we're so concerned about marijuana and everybody supposedly so hot up instead of being mellow about which is what they really are. But how about all these caffeine people out there? Let's outlaw coffee. I don't know what I'd say. Yeah, I don't drink coffee. See, if we're going to do everything based on our own personal, if we're going to do this a very introspective selfish kind of crap with your Americans, their famous for doing. She had a lot of smoke pots. So for me to be talking about this, at least I can be objective. I don't have any special ass to grind here. And I don't drink coffee. So like I said, screw you if you're hooked on caffeine. No, but that's the point. That's the whole point. Caffeine is a stimulant. It makes people behave erratically. They get hopped up, especially. So let's limit people if you have more than two cups of caffeinated coffee a day or more than two sodas. Because we remember those people at the other place that were drinking all that caffeinated soda. Oh, yeah, right out of the bottle. I'll never forget. I only once in my life did I ever have a program director. I used to sit at his desk drinking caffeinated diet soda out of a bottle. Out of the big two liter, but not with a cup, not with a glass real classy. Out of the bottle. A caffeine junkie, baby, because it's after the AA, you go to the CA. Caffeine's anonymous. He was a caffeine. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, thank you for the caffeine junkie. I want to. Here you go. I told you. First time. Well, I'll be free to get in the highway, again, man. Right. Yeah, exactly. Well, it's time to enjoy the whammy batching. I was channel surfing on the Saturday Sunday, something like that. You know, nothing else to watch on junk dinner cable, wonderful cable system, but they are. Yeah. So I'm running around and I find this channel that's doing an interview with our Goldstein. Yeah. That's another repeat. Yeah, that old thing. Yeah. I had never seen it before. I heard it the time when you sit there sitting with you guys. I've had a blast on a thing. I think it's great. Anyway, say, you know, I'm watching the thing and I think a commercial comes on. And I cut this by and adjusted normal. Okay. The commercial comes on. Everything fades off. The volume cracks up. Tendousable. The, I kid you know, go screen into the road. Right. Wait. I remember 10 years ago, we were listening to Channel 51 watching Speed Race. You re-runs in there doing this. And it pissed me off then. Mm-hmm. You were doing it for me. My show is my show. It's the opposite. You're watching the, whatever's on a 10 o'clock, this sports thing. And then at 10 30, the volume drops in half. You have to like crack it away. Up or just move out of another channel, which is what everybody does. Yeah. You've got to have a channel. I just couldn't believe everybody's like your videos professional. I mean, this is what you do. No. Exactly. Okay, pal. Anyone on the table? I'm ready to find out. Okay. There's another guy I found out. We're dealing with a bunch of amateur hour people. By the way, they turned the AC bottom here. It's 25 to 2 anyway. Somebody up here on his second floor keeps messing around with the air conditioning back there. Keeps putting their little fingers on a damn thing. Like I've said before, if it's too hot, if it's too cold, you can walk out in the hallway. Get in the elevator, go downstairs. You can go upstairs. Move with the people up there on the third floor. All the management people. You can do whatever you want. I'm a captive audience here in this room. Four hours every day. I haven't been up out of this chair. Yeah, I took a leak. That's the one for like two minutes. I ran out of here during commercial break and hour and a half ago. That's it. And they keep dickin' with our air conditioning out there in the hallway. And I wouldn't be surprised in the least bit if it's some of our sales holes up here. Because just like Hank was saying yesterday, and boy, he's right on target. Beyond a shadow of a dial. Sales people are ISO. Makes no mistake about it. There's something about it. Hank was talking about how he used to sell. What was he talking to the seller to agency buyers? Oh, for Channel 4, I guess it was. When he first came down here and how slimy and I'm clean, he felt when I got out of the bed. I'm just because he was a sales hole. That's right. There's something just naturally slimy and slippery. Although it's a matter of degree. I mean, most sales holes aren't as slimy and slippery as you're a son or foot. Who came in this morning and tried to pedal me some copy. Did you see that? Did you see that? I thought him, but I didn't know what it was. Come in here. I had a bunch of copy which of course for him is a miracle. A bunch of stuff that was facts over. Do I want to say which of kind of was. It was just about to gibberish. Yeah, like 20 pages a fact sheet of 20 pages of a gibberish. Oh, do you want me to go with some of you? Yeah, go do your job would be good for one scary. That's not his job. Oh, it's not servicing his a contest for what am I going to turn away? Here's plantation. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call, sir. What's interesting about this whammy situation is the fact that a progressive station like whammy. Yeah. Which is a progressive format that they were doing right and simply build it up and then destroy you piece by piece. Uh-huh. Which makes no sense. I just try to keep it. I'm just trying their own, uh, but ability in their own station. Exactly. Why would they do that? Now they have three reruns of masks that they advertise on build, which is five. Four. Four. Really. Four. And they got in the seven o'clock news runs three times now. Seven eight and on a clock. The same news case. Over a last couple of weeks from 100 years ago. The monsters, the monsters. So what even rampods in Veris by it, al Lewis is right to sum me once that off the air. What happened to the progressiveness of this station? I mean, would you that was the start of the sound date? See, anybody can come in and talk a big game. But the end of if you're not qualified, if you're not competent, then they get a couple of phone calls to get a couple of letters. They take a little bit of heat. Right. And all of a sudden they start caving in because they're not ready for prime time. They're certainly not ready for this show. I'll tell you that. It's truth. They bleed too out on every one of the paper and say I would never censor Neil while they're putting sleep back. It's tough. That's already bleeped. That's why people got set up and stopped watching the show. They took the best part out of each of your show. Exactly. They rendered the meaningless. That's right. So I can't figure out now why they're so upset and star that this whole situation. I mean, what was the whole point of this? You tell me. All right. Now anyway. Thank you. How to Great Show in the radio show. You know, it's still number one. Exactly. Have a great day. Scroll. That's what he said. Nice. Why not? But you first ever see that many less. You wouldn't touch him. Open line and either with anybody else. Always running around with the Turkish towel. You know, there's nothing is important in your business. Keep bringing him into blow him away. But you and just that that. Just didn't have. And addition to what's now you understand that Kevin Brown's going to have to pitch on Thursday. He's going to have to start. Oh, no. I threw a couple of things. But even so on a picture, you know, he was in a bullpen. He's got a warm up. You know, and this is got guidance. Not used to coming in a really thin pitch in like two days later. Which one? See a great max last night. Huh? Isn't that really? I was very nervous when they brought him. It says usually the first inning of every game is his rough inning. He, uh, he's one of those guys. You can pitch a great game. But it got to get by the first winning. And, uh, he being didn't pitch well. Another thing real quick. Um, I really never heard David Justice speak. Yeah. Where's he from? The Deep South. Oh my God. He talks with the real, uh, kind of, he was, uh, he was a big group for a few years ago. I mean, just a moment in the, the Miss America. Uh, bra. Yeah. He is like, man, I swear. I mean, I swear I thought it was like, You know, one of those guys just tell him keep his monster. I thought it was all sort of Brian Cox. And get a new haircut. Oh, come on. Now that's a shot. Have a great day, bro. Oh, oh. Compared to David Justice, is already pissed at ESPN and this guy's caught in Brian Cox. What the hell's he going to be saying next? Oh, God. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Leo. Yes, sir. I have a drug test related story that I think you'll enjoy. Okay. I was with a company for six years. Went through many, many random drugs, drugs, as probably 20 to 30. They all came back nice and clean. And one weekend, I didn't feel good. And I took, I had a major headache. I took everything to get rid of it. I took one of my wife. I found all the coating. Oh, I'll put it in. Oh my God. Oh, oh. That weekend. I went to work Monday. I came back in from work. And they sent me for random drug tests. I do no kind of drugs. Six years. And it came back positive. And they said, well, sorry. See. Well, it came back positive for what though. The coating. It's an opiate. Yeah. And no drug rehab. No nothing. Just, you know, all my drug tests. But I think in all of them, I do no drugs. And what do they do? They let me go automatically. CoDene for coating. It's a member of the opiate family. But it, but you can buy the doctors prescribed Tylenol of coating all the time. That, yes, yeah, that's right. I was doing that. And you got to get you a good lawyer. I would sue their ass. I don't know. You got him dead to rights. Yeah. And let's say they said it was part of the opiate family. And if there was nothing they could do, they don't have a drug program to send you to my Why don't do drugs. I took a Tylenol coating because I had a headache. Get to get a good lawyer, pal. I'm going to sue the rest. Do you believe that? Can you believe this? Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. Too many of those are homotosh and too many poppy seed bangles man. You're going straight to jail. This is a drug-created country, all right. But it's not by the people who are doing the drugs for the most part. It's by the people who are like on the other side. The goody two shoes. The every dancing is sticking your mouth. We'll find a test to find that you're doing it. And then we'll stick your ass in jail. And then please, every goddamn diamond, take your car and your house and your damn dog and cat. Whatever you got, you're purer-keyed. Ferricot. And that's right. I wouldn't be surprised if that guy's got a periquot in the house. Huh? He'll probably sing. Yeah, okay. God. What? Well, don't you understand? I mean, I have such a difficult time explaining this. Can you think of how silly and how jewel-alysis and of course the people who can understand it have never been anywhere in the real world. And I use Amsterdam as the number one example because that's the most progressive realistic honest to God. Play second-to-go, right off hand. It's goes without saying. They know what life is all about. Do we know what life is all about in America? They haven't got a clue. Haven't got a clue. The president's getting sex in the White House. Oh my God. They got that thing. They're right on the verge there. And you were slobby. They're right on the verge. The Wilson is walking around like a dead man. They're propin' them up. They're carrying them up. He's a walking mannequin. And now last night on news they said that he's either got Alzheimer's or a sonility or both or whatever. He's crazy than a bed bug. They said that most of the time he don't even know what they're doing. And of course, thank God they got no nuclear weapons in Russia. Right? They got a crazy man over there. He's got his finger on it and a button too. And we're wring about the president got some blow jobs up there in the oral office. Okay. What do you think they call it the oral office for anyway? Huh? Call truth and packaging you assholes. And these Nazi fascist wright wing lunatics run in a round. Just on the verge of taking over this country while everybody is asleep. All the rest of these people worried about where's their goddamn early burdener in the Renewal Driver's license for 25 years in a mail. That's Florida. 152 if a QA. Hi, isn't dying nor cross. The WCOM official information center for Hurricane John's. Don't panic. Get your water. And run. Run. We got a die. Boooo. Nice, Brian. He's the one. He's the one. Can't see if the cap shows up on landing. That means that's where he did I. Okay. So that's the bag of the driver watching me. And we got two of them.