Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Okay. Neil called 567-0560 toll free for Nathan Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone. Okay. The New News of Neil his guests call us or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast. Well, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08-0560. It's Friday, you fast, dude. Start it from Hussby to run the town of Hussby. We've got the looms and boys to case just a little tight. That can make the whole that makes the field all right. And then you soil around and soil around from left to right. For a little position for the fallers and or ankle thigh hurt ears as you push a leg back. Now he's ready to go, time to give the rest of them. That's what I call fall in the broad. Starting from the feet you run the town of Hussby. You can hold the point to take it just a little tight. That can make the whole that makes the field all right. And then you soil around and soil around from left to right. For a little position for the fallers and ankle thigh hurt ears as you push a leg back. Now he's ready to go, time to give the rest of them. That's what I call fall in the broad. Start it then you're hand-winged to John again or. I don't want to five 60 W2AM happy trying to do it from all your pies on over here. Do we have any pies on over here? Oh, but at any rate. So, well, we had quite a big day yesterday over there in Plantation University in Brown, Boulevard Fund raising, then we raised, I think, 1200 boxes. What I'm hearing the rumor is, because there were people showed up after we got off the year. 1200 box sounds pretty outstanding to me, but then I come at this morning expecting a mountain of mail. I'm expecting boxes and boxes of mail. This way, after like, out for the contest on the hallway there. With these thousands and thousands and thousands of letters to try to win a truck. How many letters did I have this morning, by the way? Less than two more than zero. One. Thank you, Flo. It was a check from Flo in Miami for a hundred bucks. At least it was in ice bath check there. But I'm just convincing myself that, you know, most of these batches out there, not going to donate anything to anybody. Unless it gets something in return. So we're going to be doing the QAM vein at various parts around town every day from not only in the view to try to reach a hundred thousand percent of one. Today in Kendall, somewhere somehow which we'll find out unless you know what it happens. Some more news, dig those. We're not talking about the impeachment hearings, of course. We're talking about the most important thing going on. Our link with America's innocence of the past, Joe to measure you. This, you know, something this is just astonishing. Every, in fact, when they show, they had the impeachment hearings going yesterday afternoon. The course like around the clock factory now and CNN. And you know how they show the crawl underneath with other news stories that in other words, there might actually be something else going on in the world. And every time they show those little stories, here would be another update on Jolton Joe. So I think Joe Costello may have been hit right on the head of the day when you said that the Jodi is a hell of a lot more important than almost anybody else we can think of. Because he is after all more and more so that Mrs Robinson or Simon and Graf Uncle. Our link to America's innocence. The only remaining link. He's the missing link. In fact, if you look at Joe to measure every time I've ever seen him with a kind of like pushed in a grotesque nose of his. I always think that I stopped, well, he looks like the missing link. I'm talking about yeah, that's the kind of. But anyway, so we got an update today because what is life worth without an update on Jolton as you know, I'm talking about the understand. No, I'll get with it. The measure is long's drained. Doctors treated a persistent infection in Jolton as you as long as on Thursday, hoping to relieve congestion that grew worse overnight and clouded, clouded his overall health picture once again. Clouded his overall health picture, are you following those words? Listen carefully. Still, despite a low grade fever and the increased congestion, the measure was in stable condition. Hollywood Memorial Regional Hospital after the procedure. And his blood pressure, heart and kidneys were performing well. His doctor said, it don't know about any bowel movements, but that'll be coming in the next bullet. If not, Mrs. Sarah will be a turn for the worse, but it clearly would be better if he didn't have this. Dr. Earl Baron, who has treated the measure for years five years. Doctors drank the infected material from the measure as long as it proceeded that helped him rally. Monday, after he was described as near death, near death, but they drank them. And now it's a little bit better. I was just informed that information is dated. He has slipped back into a coma, according to Joe Castella. Oh my God. Welcome to Joe Castella. I'll call you and didn't just interrupt me on the interview. I, he's shy, I don't know. Did I intimidate him today? When I said that he was starting to talk to us a little bit too much today. Oh, okay. Good. No, seriously. So in other words, this is dated. Okay, there's an update for you right here on your Joe to measure your death wash station for the 90s. Oh, thank you, I am. He has slipped back into a coma. What a surprise. Like I said, I mean, I don't, I don't want to sound like some kind of statistics bastard, but the fact is the guys in bed help. And you know something all of your kids out there, how come they're not using this? Like when Mickey Manel died, okay? Mickey Manel died. Cirrhosis of the liver. They wouldn't have found them liver with bacon and onions and denies and the distant workout. But the fact is that he talked a lot about boozing and being a big booze-hound, him and Billy Martin and whitey Ford, but especially Mickey Manel boozing and boozing and boozing and boozing cirrhosis of the liver he's dead prematurely dead. Now Joe the Matthews 84 years old, but the one thing that he did do a hell of a lot was smoke. He smoked a lot. A lot of those pagots. A lot of those cancer sticks, boys and girls. If you want to be dead like Joe the Matthew, the only difference being, no, he's 84 years old. So is that the message that if you smoke a lot of cigarettes you're going to want to pull up to be 84? Oh, that's a message? Okay, there you go. Just call me the Marlboro man. Now Cirrhosis, I mean he's a bill and he lost a long he had cancer so there's a surprise that a guy who was changed smoking cigarettes for about 100 years lost a long? No, not a surprise. And with a great coat text likes it or not, I mean I mean even George Burns died. Did you know that? George Burns died. I know he was God. And yeah, let me tell you one other thing by the way. I didn't see the movie. Thank God. But you know who was in that movie with George Burns? John Denver. John Denver, very good. And guess what? He died too. How do you like that? Oh, it should have a demic man. And of course, the good God up there in heaven who gave mankind this very, very relatively short lifespan. Although it is longer than like a hummingbird, I guess. But really not not all that long when you come right down with you, better make a while of sunshine. Okay. The good Lord up there in the sky, he looking down and saying, okay, that's enough for you, George. Burns because you know he works in the serious ways. And when your time has come, the Lord sticks his little finger in your rectum. That's it. Call you as that big calling. It's time for judgment day. We know Joe, Joe, the Jolton Joe, he's going to be up there at the pearly gates in baseball heaven, right? There you go. He's going to be up there with Lou Garig and Bay Bruce and English, some other great dead baseball players. Come on, quick. Uh, Thai Cobb. Huh? How about to other, how about 4,500 other great dead baseball players? Now, do they have like a separate division and haven't? Oh, seriously, like the football players go to one like a football heaven and the baseball. Okay. I just want to check out, we're like to all the dead Jocks go to the same heaven. Very important topic that maybe some of you can straighten out for a year today. Because the, by the way, here's your committee vote to impeach Clinton. 34% of the American say, yes, and 63% say, oh, how do you like that? This is, this is as of late last night. CNN's latest poll. Even after all these shenanigans, all these articles of impeachment that have been drafted, these four articles of bull crap. And after these, I mean, this is, this is a rabid feeding frenzy by a bunch of lunatics is what it is. There is no partisanship. There is no nothing. All it is is just a partisan right wing, a bunch of nuts, you know, what have we learned in the last two weeks? Do we learn anything new? No. No. Two weeks ago, they were all saying, oh, well, you know, that election, that some message we got to get to so far as fast as possible. How do we get out of this thing? Let's censure get it over and let's move on with a, is there anything that's new information that's come to us in the last two weeks? No. But all of a sudden, they just decided, well, we were too crazy about those 81 answers to the 81 questions. So, school him. And let's reject the guy named country and that we're guys from Florida who's great, by the way. He's a Democrat, much of a, made a very impassioned as he always does. He's a wild man. And he's absolutely right. Now we're going to tie the whole guy named country up for probably the next year in Peachman trial in the Senate. So, just as redquist can stand over, you know, Lucy and Goldberg in the water, then, Linda Trip. The manager has offered you a set up to 102 overnight. It's up and down. He said, Joe is up and down. Mostly down. He said, I got to find this side in a hospital, and I've lowered off the module. One, three American MDP awards, America League MDP awards while leading the Yankees to nine World titles between the World and the World. And now you know, 51. I'll play this on the condition of Joe the Mild. Thank you very much, Bill. Yeah, I love that Bill Hummer boys. You just sweetheart him. What do you, what do you laugh about? He's a beautiful guy, Bill Hummer. First, I think, since you got that thing taken up, it's said, that's why I'm getting little thing removed. Now, not that little thing. This one over my eyebrow. Yeah, because I guarantee when I get that, you'll be amazed. I'll come in here on whatever day it happens. A few days and you'll say, gee, it's Bill Hummer. Yeah, look, just like him. That's what I'm getting glasses just like his. And when I get my little thing removed, I'm going to look just like Bill Hummer. I'm going to chat if you're 10 at five, 60 WCWA. I'm going to do it. You ready? Yeah. Go, fuck yourself. We gave you a baby, we gave you a baby. Oh, yes, we gave you a baby, oh, yes, yes. And you gave me a bilin. There are lots of babies for you to destroy. There's never an accident, care of them, what a wonderful toy. We thought you would do in tens of 80. We thought you would live in tens of 80. We thought you would live in tens of 80. We would do no good news. He sucks on Wednesday and the big mistake comes, yet birds to roll to the links is all they've been. Alright, 10-14 and 5-16 WDQA. And by the way, I got a facts from Enrique, not that Enrique, but another Enrique in the Gevels, who says, I have facted you several times complaining about some noise that interrupt your bits when you play them. This has been happening every day with the exception of Wednesday that I'd not hear it. The noise is very annoying, making it feel like my subwoofer is going to blow up. Anybody's woofer, a little bit of urge blowing up out there. Have you had any complaints beside me about this, he asks, No, are you going to mention this to your audience to see if I'm the only asshole that hears this? Are the technicians going to do something about this? No, no, no. In closing, George is doing a great job when you're on vacation, etc. And so on, I strongly believe he'll be the next generation of the new Rogers Talk show. How do you like that? Wow. The George Rodman guy show, maybe, starting very soon at a radio station near you, without all the popping and puping that you hear on the old new Rogers show. Well, no, that's probably because I'm old and when you get real old, you start popping and puking a lot more than we were younger. Can't be young forever, okay sweetheart. Speaking of what's crisp, by the way, I'm going to challenge you. I don't care what any of you have to say, you know, because we've got a lot of nice people out there, but we also have a lot of people with no taste, we've been all ice cream. Like that bitch that was given me a song that ant about that Starbucks coffee ice cream, which you can take and stick in her. Correct, go get out of here with that. Oh, and then that hog and does dulce and delachade, you're in the amama, whatever that's up was. Remember that routine? See, everybody's got to outdo me. Everybody has to try to do outdo. They'll cut. Because then, you know, a lot of areas you do outdo me in a lot of other areas like knowing something about something important, which I don't know. But I mean, what it comes to food, which is kind of important to a lot of us, you don't know more about food than I do. I bet you, there's nobody alive in those, even a great gourmet chefs. They think they know more about food than I do. But when you've eaten as many meals, good meals as I have. And bad meals like Chef Boy R.D. Although I'll be honest with you, there's nothing like that. I've probably this before and you could gross out in the old days. In fact, well, I worked at W.J. in a West Palm Beach, one of my favorite things would be. That was after I had lost 100 pounds. So I had a lot of room to gain it back, which I did, not all of it, but a lot. But at any rate, would be to go to the convenience store in the afternoon. There was a little convenience store, I live on a poor till Boulevard out there. And I'd go to the convenience store and I would get a little can of Chef Boy R.D. spaghetti with meatballs and a package of Swiss cheese. And then you take the open it up, you put it in your bowl, you put this with cheese and there you kind of tear it up a little bit and you mix it in. And then you put it in the microwave, for real, it told us stuff. It's hot, and the cheese is melted and like stringy. But it says slimy. How about the spaghetti? Well, what is that like mushy? How about beef oroni? That's a little better, yeah. Yeah. Not the revvy only. Can revvy only is for glam. I mean, forget that. How could you say that? I'll tell you what else is good. Franco American. I'll let Franco American. Yeah, with the Swiss cheese in it. Well, we're all right, let's get off of that. Okay, we'll just tell you what I lost. Six pounds this week. Oh, real scale up here in Oless. And last night, Greg Reid and his lovely wife took me. Oh, by the way, I want to straighten one thing out yesterday. I want to correct because rumors are going to be psychotic. I mean, here's my talk so much that I forget half of what he says because believe me. I'll pop up. But he did mention a couple of days ago that he had a check for me for center one and that Ferrell wanted his surprise. Me, she was going to bring to me one of the pants of games very soon. So I mentioned yesterday that we had not a check from rumor. I should mention that. But I also should mention because I asked him, I was going to be a big check. He said, oh, yes, it's going to be you're going to be really impressed. I said, well, how many zeros in it? And he said two. And I said, is that before or after the decimal point? Huh? Yeah. Yeah, you don't want to hear his answer. Do you? No, so rumor. There you go. We straighten that out for you. But speaking of rumor, you'll never guess who was their last night at Ruth's Christian Fort Lauderdaleating tables away. Sheriff Nick Navarro was there. How do you like that? Oh, and Nick, if you're listening because I know Nick from way back and he's, you know, about Nick. He's an asshole. But you know, we know each other. So I ordinarily don't go out of way. My way to shine people. I'm in another side hate them like poison, which I don't hate him. I mean, he's just, he's in a half. Right. So I'm going to weigh out. I probably because he was a couple of tables next to me and we had seen him sitting there. We were spacing the other way. Thank God. Always over the back of his wife. And he would his wife here. But I ordinarily would have said, hey, Nick, how you don't. But on the way out, I was so, you fork. Why was I you fork? Because the waiter who's waited on us many times up there, Catelyn brought the check at the end of the meal. And he handed it to me because he knows me. And Greg reaches over and I'll take that. And I looked at the waiter I said, boy, but you're not used to that, huh? And he said, no, I feel, I guess what? He's your my. So I was so you fork that I had this phenomenal meal. And I'm, I'm going to describe the whole meal. I'm doing that, kids man. I mean, great food like that meal last night. My blood sugar was 83 this morning. I'm doing great. I got energy back. I feel almost human now. Incredible. So I just mentioned in passing that somebody else actually picked up the check there last night, which is absolutely positively unbelievable. In fact, I think that's the first, except for the time, the restaurant picked up to check that other time. But if there are people out there that want to give me a song and a dance, that there's a better state place, I don't hank love Shulas and that's fine. Everybody says Shulas is very good. But I'm going to tell you something, if there's a better state in this time, there was Chris, I've never eaten it. If there's better meat, I've never had it in my mouth. Okay. I had that rib eye, you know, the rib eye. And of course, they, they bore all their stakes in butter. And so when they bring it to the table on it, platter, it's sizzling and the butter is like spattering and you have to put your napkin up like almost to your post. So make sure you don't get burned in the spattered by it. And the great part about that is that it makes the state juicy and tender. Like it says, I know spots with roof for tell whatever name is, like she says, even and it's a big ass steak. But even when you get to the last part of it, which I didn't leave a drop, it still juicy and great because it's subworld in the butter. Instead of most stakes that would be that big, it would be dry life, shoelather by the time you got to the end of it. And a great spinach or a groton and there's a sauteed mushrooms. Oh my god, was that a meal? Was that a meal? And the barbecue trip appetizing? I don't want to go on a great life, but I'm just telling you, I love that place. In fact, if I had to tell you right now, my favorite restaurant in this whole town all of years, I've been here. It's Chris. I've been to Chris and Vegas, and it was Chris and Toronto. I mean, it's just a great place. What's not to like? The only thing I don't like is where it is. I know there's one in North Miami Beach, which I've never tried that one yet, but over there in Fort Lauderdad, you know what I'm talking about? And I got to the road of why is it air over here? I've been here a hundred years. Air over here. God damn you. You crazy people at the DOT do the same thing. They wait until the season starts. November and December, then they start tearing up all the roads. You know what? It gets a lot more congested. We've got 80 million people, which by the way, saw two more really, really bad wrecks today. One on the turnpipe one, uh, near 5.95. But why do they do that? And like a ghost dream over there in Hellendale, every time it gets close to the ghost dream racing season, they start tearing up both the US-1 federal highway. Why don't they do it during the summer time when there's light traffic and the snowboards are all gone? And we got a little bit of breathing room? Does that make too much sense? Oh, that must be it. So anyway, get back to my great meal of Ruth Chris and also the Terriaki, why do I keep saying that they're not Terriaki, the Tyson? This is real. The Tyson season V-strips, which I'm finding is great to supply by the way at my public's progress. Thank you very much. This is helped me tremendously. That's the problem with that. It's like I've said before, it's boring, so you have to be creative. I mean, you know, steak and lobster every night of your life, all the body you want? Well, you know, that sounds great. But is there anybody that really wants to take in or lobster every night of their life? No, I don't think so. I don't know, not for me. Not unless somebody else is buying. So I just thought I'd correct that rumor thing because he's been, you know, he's very sensitive, very neurotic and very cheap. But nevertheless, he's going to come up with a check for Santa Monica. Thanks, Remar. Oh, okay, in our book, okay. And there is a decimal point before the zeroes. I'm sure that. Huh? What didn't happen about positive? I said, is it a big number? Sure, well, more than two. Oh, God. Here's a Pemberb Pine, so, oh. Hey, how are you doing today? Okay, sure. I heard you have the day you, uh, you know, you look at their visually some time some time. Yes. And did you see the other day who packed the way? Archie, uh, more? No, they can, but guy who takes the pictures of a pop-in-o-park at the finish life. Oh, no. Can you believe that? Well, he had cancer. Yeah, he finally passed away. Oh, he was a great guy. What was it then? Oh, God. I can't remember what he was. He was a real good guy. And he worked with some other tracks before like, you know, he's a good guy. Yeah, we had a succession. We lost a lot of our friends at Papadau Park Boy. It was a first it was Ralph Negro that used to be the mech of D in the LNJ. Finkelson, my great close friend. And then we, uh, uh, uh, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, Eddie the, uh, Baker, did you know Eddie the Baker? I don't know Eddie the Baker. Well, Eddie, you won't know him anymore. And now our photographer friend. It seems to be going around up there, pompeto park. Take care of yourself, Ted. So now, okay, watch what you're eating sweetheart. Ted's now a great guy. A pompeto park. And he tells me now that bought a new radio. You know, they actually moved up in the world. He does wife can afford a radio now. And listen to my show. But today's one I say nice things about what a great guy Ted's now is that I go to the track monies is, oh, I didn't hear it. You heard it. I said you were a great guy, Ted. We love you. What's the supper? What's the supper, Ted? Yeah, he's a real little England guy, Ted's now. Real little Hampshire kind of guy. You know, those are the Hampshire kind of people, you know, oh, yeah, that's him. He's great. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, New York. How you doing? Picture. Good. Good. I wanted to call and talk to you a little bit about what's going on up there and watching Cindy. Yes. You know, I totally agree with you. And despite what people think, you know, it's a little common sense goes a long way. And don't hang up on me when I tell you that, you know, I'm Republican, but I don't absolutely. What are you talking about, because you're probably one of them. Well, you know, I don't know. I just want to a fair share. Share you get. Tell me that. I'm a fair share. Yes, I want to shake it. Yeah, I want to really. You're going to answer post to shake it. They're not even supposed to touch it. Yeah, you see that's so ridiculous, you know, and the fact that uh, but yeah, listen, you've got to face it. Your party's been taken over by a bunch of lunatics by the Christian role as a real entrepreneur. And I think you know, I hate, I hate to say it, but I'm in the car alone, I will, but I'm pretty much an atheist. So like, I don't even fit in there. But I don't agree with a lot of the philosophies that that they in terms of politics, not this crap that's going on in Washington. Yeah. It's a little bit of nothing, but it's a lynch mob. It's what they got going now. You know, I don't feel sorry for the guy because it's like, you knew that everybody was watching him and he still, you know, he didn't certainly wasn't the smartest guy for doing going out. And what about him? You're hiding. Breaking up that guy's marriage and lying to that woman and saying that he wasn't married and breaking up that guy's marriage. I don't, you know what? And he got, I'm sure was coming there. And what about Oopin, which is all the blow jobs that he got so we could say that he never slept with the broad of said when so on? I mean, if every president could be if he's for having sex and lying about it, from what we're hearing now all the way back to Thomas Jefferson, maybe the Washington, we never went ahead and he president said they could keep getting tossed out. Yeah. Well, you know, I mean, I understand people, listen, people, the higher up you are on the food chain in terms of your position in life, the more you're going to lie and try to cover up your sexual pride to those because it is, you have to, it's, it's for survival thick. Anybody knows that. It just comes and said, and he thanked him on his assels are sitting there. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. Purgently, pup, I mean, it's, uh, guy yesterday, this is Shippers, Gipers, David, the Schmendrick, whatever his name was. I mean, you with this guy, I should got 20 years for over acting this asshole. And they're all, the land of the free, in the home of the brave, and liberty, and just as get out of it as crap, it's all an exercise. It's a waste of time each and every one of these people on the Jewish year in committee knows exactly how they're going to vote. Everything they vote on is going to be 21 to 17 Republicans against it. And that's it. 21, 16, whatever the number is. Strictly partisan politics and dragging America through a bunch of crap that the overwhelming majority of people in this country don't want to be drank to do we, we're sick of it. We've had it. 10 26 at 5 60 WQM. Where did you find George Rodriguez? Right where you got it. Sports radio 5 60 QAM. They were Rogers died. Yeah, I was he doing. We have two open lines in day one and brown. By the way, before we go back to taking any more calls, because there are a lot of material to cover here, including our center one at mail one letter today. Let me give the address again. I'm going to give you a message. Okay, I'm going to give you a message. I'm going to give you a message. Senator one at mail one letter today. Let me give the address again. Okay, I'm sure there must be at least 50,000 people out there that would like to nail us 10 bucks or five bucks or 20 bucks. And just make this check out to Senator one mail of two on the around you. WQM and the address is 2O295 north west second avenue Miami 3 3 1 6 5. What did I say two oh two 95 north west. Second Avenue Miami 3 3 1 6 9 1 check today. Where you in all that mail. Because these feed load is one a winning truck, but we try to erase a money for charity would get one check. Thank you, Flo. Again, thank God at least it was $100 check. But anyway, yesterday, and of course, again, being the spokesman I guess for all these other silent people out there that don't have the balls of the will of the Abrane to say anything. It's an interesting that today we have two articles, one in the Sun sent, and the land one in the end of the Harold. Both David J. Neal and Michael Russo have discovered problems with a game clock continued to frustrate the macaroon of the National Car rental the Santa Center. And it goes on about they hope the game clock that seemed to have a mind of a toe and during Wednesday, 65, when over auto will be fixed by a Saturday night's game against Calgary. The clock malfunction throughout the game. Steve Dangerfield says a computer failed during Saturday's game against Carolina, and then again, it meant the backup of failed as well on Wednesday. The third time since he made open in September, there's been a problem with the clock. Even Bill Haley can't rock around it by the way he did. We've been in contact with him today, and basically outlined the problem said Steve and we're off set and we're pissed off. And then it goes on about Terry Murray said coaching the game was difficult. I know that, well, that'll shock Martin. That's the name of the audible coach there. He was pissed off and folding at the mouth, especially when the horn went off. And the game had a stop 14 minutes left in the third period. Auto was on a three on two break. The just outside our blue line. They're making it moving all the sudden the horn goes off. Terry Murray says I was pointing at the timekeeper one time to try to get in the announcement. So I could hear what was left. So I could set up the last three four shifts and he says you're constantly looking up all the time to set up a set of a solo. And we had no idea how much time was left and try to coach in a game like that is a bunch of crap. So it wasn't only a Roger saying that it was totally unacceptable and bush league and just an absolute nightmare. This is exactly what happened there. And unfortunately, Michael Russo and David Janeal both, you know, could just in the coolant and every day they both write the same thing. Whatever they go over there and the organization tells them whatever the story of the day is, that's what they write about in their article the next day. Always the same thing. Sometimes with the same headline. What a concept. So they discovered a delay, but better late than every that is a goddamn problem over there. And still nobody cares about the fact that you can't see the red lights when the ghouls go in. I'm the only one like that guy that called me right out of the box yesterday. Oh, it doesn't bother me. Well, great. I'm glad it doesn't bother you, sir. I'm glad that you have a good time. Not no one to God damn ghouls. Quote for sure. That's great. That's wonderful. Two open lines in day one and groward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I wonder who this could be in Boiton Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Please don't hang up on me. Meaning what? I have a different take because I'm a Republican. I know you. Are you? What do you mean please don't hang up on me? I know who you are. You do? We all know who you are. Of course. Okay. Good. Try it. Listen, crank. Why do you think we're going to have a civilized conversation? What is this all about? We're going to have a civilized conversation. No, we're not. No, we're not. Every single day of my life this asshole calls and bitches me out and cousins and swears and carries on and has got nothing but, you know, New York Barnyard sounds to make like like that. And all of a sudden he's going to be part of the world. I'd explain to you. Now I know why I such an asshole. Okay. At least we learned something from this guy today. I'm sure that's him. We don't have anybody important. Beats of calls just him. We have an open line of day county, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I always love a call. What is it? Don't hang up on me. Because that's the sureest way to a free passage to a free dial tone. Don't hang up on me. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Here's a Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Should I hang up on you? No, sir. Okay. Are you setting great? Sir. I just wanted to comment. I love you show. Love you to you show. Yeah. I have hearing the deal about the president and Monica who cares who got a blow job. And I'm the DOT guy that you don't find any Friday today. Oh my god. This guy nearly drove me off the road a couple of days ago. I mean, your enthusiasm was great, but just tone it down a little bit. This guy's barreling up behind me. I'm getting off on the university to go, well, pick up my mail at my box. It is guys like a barreling up on my asset. I would kind of alluded. Then he pulls up next to me with a red light and he stops the tow truck. Listen to this folks. Not only waves. I mean, most people they wave. They high five. They flip me off. Whatever. This guy gets out of the tow truck comes over. I rolled out my window. And he, I'm going to tell you, you got the firmest grip in the history of the human race. This guy broke every bone in my hand. You've got the strongest guy damn grip I'm sorry, Neil, but no firm hands. It means he can trust the person. Yeah, I mean something I guess. So I just wanted to say hello and all that and great show and enjoy listening to every day. You make my days go by. It was great to hear your pal. Take care. Just to give me about two feet. You know, I'm going to say, okay, I have a great day. Yeah, he comes roaring up behind me. I said, God, it's a lunatic in this big ass tow truck. He's a good guy. Never stole a free train. He's a hole. You'll see. There's a good hole. You know, there'll be one or two out there. We have an open line at Dave County, 5 6 705 60 where the holiday spirit, a little reason so money for our charity. Everybody's in a great mood. We're going to get the clock fixed to the macarina. Are we going to get a fix? No, I'm going to get those go light straight now. No, it's remember going to come up with a real big contribution for our. Oh, okay. I'm just checking these things. So anyway, let me say again, I didn't shine your shirt. Nick, okay. I forgot all about you. I forgot you were sitting there. When I got in the car from Valley Park and in my left, I got about a mile up the road. I thought, gee, I never even said hello or goodbye. I didn't the sheriff Nick. Because I'm not the kind of person who holds the grudge or nearly. Now, with the evil sisters upstairs, I'll make an exception with them. But ordinarily, I don't hold the grudge. And, you know, just it would have just been the nice thing to do. But I forgot that he was there because I was so ecstatic and excited that somebody else had actually picked up the check. Oh, even a waiter couldn't believe it. I thought she did. We're talking back in the kitchen. Can you believe it? And you'll Roger this here. And sometimes, and somebody actually picked up the check, besides him, can you believe it? No. In fact, we were, we kept looking up. You know, when people would come in at the restaurant, we kept looking up the entrance to make sure it wasn't normal and fairly coming in. No, because I told him that the grudge was behind me dinner. I was fully expected that they were, that was part of our discussion. What time is Rimmer Show enough? 21, O. G. What a next. And I just happened to be here. You might have put up at the table next to you tonight. No. 21 before 11 at 5.60, W. Q. M. Gordon gets that Florida a major blow job. Right. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five old persons in better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of you think my martyr comes to game the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion. Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus dial gets nailed. Um, I'll take the desk. Um, how about a chair? No, sorry Billy. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come so the small Jesus dial nails in a tiny spear. Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion, up for out of Trinity brother. Now God. How many four five six you have to put in? What did we have a day at the QM van yesterday up there in Plantation University in Broward by the Shell Station, which we thank for, fucy. We, uh, 1200 bucks. I was hoping for maybe, you know, four, five hundred. I thought 500 would be a major accomplishment. And then we were trying to get desperately right at the end. We got to that total to get us to even 80,000 altogether for, you know, officially. And we wound up, uh, over that. We did 1200 bucks total there because people showed up even after it to a clock. And our total right now, this is the official total. A lot of the ongoing with whatever is in borders this week, etc. 80, 486. By the way, Louanne, Winick brought us a check for total in fifty dollars, which we appreciate very much. Is that change anything? No, but we do appreciate it. Here's a, um, does it change anything? No, here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. What is it? Throw it away. Throw it away. Yeah. Okay. Throw it away. Then speak to us. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I looked, what were you throwing away there? That was the hell this crap. I don't know. Oh, my crap. I mean, they're washing my car. Man, I got this to make and go. I get that. Oh, get that you're making, God, to get all the crap. Yeah. Makeings are good at cram. Yeah. Oh, you know, making some really know there. Yeah, I'm on. Anyway, the reason I called was the fact matter of Beth Arena. I was there at the Ottawa game. And yes, whatever, whatever, it gives display. Look, Lee, a press location that's embarrassing at best. I took my, I took a friend of mine that was, uh, that's the happen to be Canadians from Montreal. Oh, my, God, he must have really been laughing his ass off. What kind of a bush leg bunch of losers are you down here? He's been living down here out enough to the past few years. Yeah. And then the car frog. Oh, boy. But he's a good friend of mine. And I'm a fixer. Go figure. We need to get a team. Well, at least you smell better. Anyone. Well, anyway, we just, we just couldn't believe it. It was like, you would say to me, every like five seconds. And we buy any stadium because he was a brow county on the place. It's like, didn't the people brow county pay for the stadium. And doesn't it look great? I mean, you know, everything looks so great. It's just worked. If it just worked, there will be sensational. Everything looks, you know, brand spec and new because it is. It looks shiny and glizzy and exciting and the, and it's all crap. We go outside. It's looking cigarettes on the terrace. Yeah. And the doors can't stop slamming. It's like I draw a thing that that holds them, keeping from slamming. Right. They don't work. It's like the escalator out of the house, but also don't work. In fact, well, it came in. It didn't work. Well, we left. It's still done. We're four hours later. Every time we heard the door stuff, we just like laugh our butts off. I mean, I mean, talk about getting rid. Yeah. The people of Brian can't get rid. Well, how come, how come, you're still there. I'm the only one screaming about this. You can't see the goal. Life's when a goal is scored. You know, the clock, the penalty clock, the time time. The low name clock. What, 14 minutes are left in the period, third period and the horn goes off. Yeah. How did you like that? How about the other comes from all halved and the clock says, you want to do zero and the referee make the glue looks around like what kind of a joke is this? I just got up and caught my hand. I think he's over. Well, thank God, the people who have been going to do a wave with the panther patrol. They're oblivious. That's the good part about our crowd. They're oblivious. They don't know what they don't know from it. They don't care. All right. Chief, have a great day. Take it easy. Tell your friend to take a shower. We'll do. Okay. 13 to 11 at 5. 60 WQM. We have an open line in Broward. If you move quickly, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Chris Reed done a way to a candle somewhere, which will tell you momentarily. Did we decide what we're going to go or what? Not yet. Where are he going to go? Where did I get it? A simple low would have been sufficient. Okay. So anyway. He's working out of okay. Well, fine. A good spot down there in Kindle. Right there by sure he's barbecue would be good. Or maybe out there in West Kindle, where we got all the Yiddler hot there would be real good for us. A spit in Yiddler. As opposed to North Army Beach where we got spit and spooks up there now basically at Poroshila that wrote that letter to the entity that feel so sorry for her. Sheila will the last you bring her Mazizo okay leave in North Miami Beach. I mean get serious. We'd already know Jews left up there. Are there or no besides her? They don't look around. That's why there's no Hanukkah stuff in the stores because it's all gray in there. Honey get with it. Well, they want Hanukkah stuff. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. You know how you know that North Miami Beach has changed? How's name? Right across from where corkeys used to be the house of Popeye's chicken. All right. Now we're talking. Oh, right. You go. Isn't that can you believe that corkeys is not there? Yeah. What once that did I hear that? One day, that corkeys disappeared. That was the end of this entire town as we once knew it. Absolutely. I mean it was bad when Prince Hanlet disappeared. In New York State House disappeared. And those disappeared corkeys just moved. Oh, they did. Yeah, they're in timbered pines or something like that. Yeah, but that doesn't count. Oh, that's in drower. I mean, it doesn't count. And what about when the famous clothes that you've been here long enough for that? Yeah. How about when the famous was? That was the end of the beach. I don't care while those crap about South Beach and the art's deck going all those drug addicts. I mean, that was the end of the beach when the famous clothes, yeah. Oh, absolutely. Reason why he's calling the first of all was about that fact. She got earlier. But I also wanted to mention about youth and children in the week that Michael Valentin. Yes. I was so sad. Isn't that terrible in the way they treated him how badly I'm guiding light because he was sick and they didn't know what it was and his speech slowed down. And they just similarly dumped him. And then definitely a lot of women who watched the show I started a whole big thing about that. And wanted to boycott the show and that's what I'm so well, he had turned out he had a little lyrics. Right. And now that they did. Four years old he died. It was even a thing on the web. He had his own webpage called that Angel. Right. And he did a lot of good things. He took his own adversity and he tried to do a lot of good things. He started an organization and he was a good guy. And he played it five years. He was on that show and they just blew him off like, you know, it looks so much chopliver. And he did an appearance just a little while ago on one life to live because he played a character on there. Right. Right. Right. Your panis. Right. He seems to be doing so well. He was so sad. He was going to die and I'll tell you that. I know. I wanted to turn on that. I couldn't die and spend exactly. I wanted to turn on what I said about the noise. Yeah. You're hearing the same thing. I forgot for a month. And the only thing I can figure is when I went to TV show, it seems to be because I think it's not a way to end the TV show or on the radio show. I'm on the radio show. You hear noise in the middle of the comedy, but yeah, it goes like for all of a sudden. Oh my god. Oh, I can figure it's quite long. 10 seconds. 10 seconds. I don't know. It depends on what's going on. I think what it is in here moving around the room and there's a short and some wire or you're brushing up again. But I'm not moving. I should right here like in the like a lead way. I don't move it on. I've seen on the TV show during the pictures, fooling around with things in the room. Sometimes. Very rarely. Very rarely. Here is motionless as a dead man. It doesn't happen every time. And it doesn't happen every day, but it does happen. Okay. Now let's try it. Listen. The dead man. No, seriously. Do you think in the middle of that? That happens every day. Yeah, but see there. He got it was clean, right? Good. Good. And clean. Absolutely. Okay. We're going to be back on that. Maybe when we get out of the studio, if it ever happens, you know, the next 20 or 30 months when we get on here and get upstairs. Maybe we'll get all this technical business. Right. But he's not imagining things. Well, that's terrifying to me. I never heard that before. How have we been out almost a year now in this studio? And at the first time I'm hearing a button. I've never called the mention because I was sorry. How often would you say that happens a day? I could say it doesn't have something we happen every day, but it does happen quite a bit and mostly during the this season. It happens sometimes during the commercial. That's why I don't care about that. I'm sorry. Oh, that's sometimes when we're out here recording this and we'll be in the middle of it. All of a sudden the sound just goes and it gets very frustrating. Oh my god. Okay. We'll check it out. Okay. Have a great day. See you. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. We have an open line of broad more technical problems here. Right. Is that what we're here? More technical problems. By the way, I forgot to say how to share a Nick on the way out last night. I was so euphoric that was great readestanding holding up the doorway by the way. Great meal man. A great meal at a great restaurant. In fact, even they were impressed. Even the reads were highly impressed. Oh, this is pretty damn good. And you notice when the waiter came out to take away the plate. I said, you can tell I didn't like it. It looked like I had to look the plate. The steak and all the other stuff was on there was nothing. There wasn't a mortal. There wasn't a crumb left on it. That's how good that place is. And if we stock up real hard, maybe next time it'll be free. Okay. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. Yes, today you mentioned something about Congress of in bar. Yes, that's a little mustache. Yes. Yeah. And you made a reference to his mustache. I don't know. Right. You were. There was an article I thought early this morning on the Washington Post website. I don't know if it's still there or not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you made a reference to his mustache. I don't know. I don't know. I like you were. There was an article. I thought I was really just one morning on the Washington Post website. I don't know if it's still there or not. Yeah. Yeah. I think so on the front page about a speech he gave to a white supremacist group recently. All right. And if you can get a chance to get a copy of that article, it doesn't surprise me. I mean, you're not sure if you can tell most of his relatives are an entry. The guy is from Georgia. They're upriver and entry his crowd. It's astonishing. You really should read it. It's not a very long article. And this guy's on this committee. And by the way, who do you think is on it right now? Mary Bones are from California. So anybody who doesn't know where asked from Sunny's elbow, who is like, clueless like what am I doing here and who am I? You know, and she's also on his year to share a community. And more and more support to be sitting back to a whole world is sitting there, changing on his dough birds who are sitting there. Just a bit by by by just repeating the same crap day after why they just go ahead and get it over with already in stop of the voobie. Everybody knows it's for his crap, but this guy here's a Nazi. So you should just start. Absolutely. I think he surprised you check his wall. He's got a card in there. All right. Go for it. Thanks for the good news. Yeah, that little mustache showed Nazi from Georgia. Bob Bar and of course when they do the interviews they've always have to go for the see their Barney Fag or it's Bob Bar. Okay. Which I enjoy Barney Fag is if he's stopped listening so much. But you know, he's he's great. But Mary Bono, she's she's a simple tin. She's almost as dumb as patchroader from Colorado who's a Democrat by the way and a real simple then. Not just Republican simple then there's plenty go around in both parties, okay? And just who Larry King is on by the way last night. Which I watched for about two seconds just as I'm scanning the channels. Let me give you a little hint. Yeah, little elephant ears. They're dumb. I'm Ross P. Row. Pantificating. Well, about how you roll up your savings. You do do do and they got all this corruption. But I got the answers. Oh my god. Just no run. I know something Tammy's day was right. The media needs a group of bottom either out there minds are crazy people. They're on their nuts. I'll give you an example. The latest big deal in the media. Which I'm sure you're not aware of because you probably don't even know who he is. Even Barry Jackass in his common in the hardest morning. And by the way, Gregory hates you Barry Jackson. But at any rate. Oh, seriously. So this this morning I'm reading his column and he writes at the very end of it about how well. Even though we don't have Fox Sports News on a cable down here yet. They're negotiating with sports channel and sunshine to try to make sure we get it in there by January whatever the day is. So Keith Olderman show on Fox Sports will be there. Now, you know who he is? Of course he wouldn't. He used to be on ESPN. I mean he's he's yeah, he's okay. He's just across the commentary. You know, and then he was on MSNBC for several months. And I give him credit at least for saying he got out of there because he couldn't stand anymore. This bubblegate crappy was fed up with it. But uh, and so now he's going to be on Fox in January. Keith Olderman. Like he's he's got a great voice. But I mean, is he like a great journalist? I don't think so is he like a big deal? Oh, but this is a new deal now. We're supposed to be excited about that. That Keith Olderman's going to be on Fox Sports Network and like America's shaking and quaking from the I don't get it. I just don't understand it. I've done the fact we do have a lot of very dumb back. He was to shallow people out there, but other than that, I don't get it. Who the who the crap is Keith Olderman? Anyway, I mean, I know who he is, but uh, never stole a free try and he's okay. Guys got a good voice, but uh, I mean, he's not going to say anything. It's going to change my life. He's not going to say anything for found on there. All of a sudden he was another one. He's guys who went for being a sports guy. Oh, he's going to be he's going to be a great news guy. He's going to be a commentator when I'm SMBC. Well, what based on what? He learned from Tony cigaretteo in Camberl Martian. He's other sports jerks. Oh, by the way, Tony Martian. I mean, Tony should really is messing them out with a sports department over there. And actually ripped your rose on the air. By the way, the room I'm hearing you better leave the little dog alone, okay? You a little wop, Tony cigaretteo man. What a piece of turn he is. Four minutes before 11 at five, 60 WQA morning. Youth a roll. Marlt. All down. on. Cool and die and be and come, come, come, come. The night is gone. I'm about to a five stick. We're going to give him a couple more checks. We're holding here for center once with 80,546. They're taking a caravan, salmon, the crisp down to candle to day. We'll let you know exactly we're in just a very short time. So we're going to have all kinds of vans and all kinds of QA merchandise and t-shirts and crap. Plus of course, our best-of meal stuff. To raise some cash today, lots of it. Got a nice letter from Jim Loss along with his check. Paula, J.J. Sorry. Well, actually he was, he says he just come back from Vegas. Call me on my, I had just come back. After Thanksgiving. And he's, he was the first time caller and a little bit nervous, but nevertheless, is what he says. And he called to recommend a book. But as I recall, the call I remember it very well because I did blow him. I often mentioned that in the letter, but he's not pissed off about it. Thank God. I'm not sure unless he says that the book is J. And so I'm going to say that he's not pissed off about it. He says that the book is J.J. And so I'm going to say that he's not pissed off about it. He says that the book is J.J. And so I'm going to say that he's not pissed off about it. He says that the book is J.J. And so I'm going to say that he's not pissed off about it. He says that the book is J.J. And so I'm going to say that he's not pissed off about it. He says that the book is J.J. And so to me now there's a delay threat. The Christian mal partis speaking. The phone it's also fast. And you know, I've seen it on television that I saw that he saved you. And you're not disappointed. The other thing. Love it too. I actually remember the first series of movie if they weren't pissed away. I'll call you over here. I got 10 percent more money. Yeah, right? that made noise, but now I know it's not me. I do like that. It's happened ever since you moved to QIM. It's only a year. How come they're waiting this long? It tells us about this now, huh? It lasts for three or four seconds. It happens on comedy, but as well as commercials. Sometimes it also seems like the station goes into the lay-afterward. So it might have something to do with that circuit. We got a, we got a, we got a jerk it on a circuit is what the problem is. Somebody's jerk it on the circuit and we have a serious problem with it. So better late than ever. Thanks for telling us about that. And I'm sure that our crack engineer George Corso in his spare time. He's yes, a little else to do. He'll probably stick his nose in that. And he's got the nose to do it. Or maybe he'll borrow Joe Costello's nose and stick that one into it. By the way, how's Joe, how's Joe doing? Dead yet? No. But getting really close. I know we got that one that one over-sensitive crowd out there. I mean, what am I supposed to say? Are we supposed to have a nervous breakdown? Because it got at 84 years old with one along and been sick in the hospital for a couple of months now. My die. I mean, am I supposed to say, oh, gee, what have we got to do? What have we got to do? The guy, 84 years old, Pussy was married to Marilyn Monroe. Huh? Got that museum after him up there that he would tell me about that I didn't even know existed. He's in a strong by Simon and Garfunkel. He's America's last link to our, uh, innocence. Huh? They got his thing out there in Yankee Stadium. What more could I got? Well, he lived a full-rich life, even in Spiders smoking all those faggot. But I lived to 94, 104, if you went to bespoke and all that lost as long, etc. And so on. There's a message to all you kid's out there. If you want to live to 104 and be old enough to move the cemetery village, you'd better quit smoking those faggot right now. In fact, isn't that what they're going to be saying at that rally tomorrow? Do you want to go all stay away from those faggot? Here's Miami. Hello? Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. You know, um, what a great meal last night I sat right in front of you. You did? Yeah, tall black guy with his girlfriend and tall. Oh, yeah, right. You guys kind of like kind of a midstream, right? Yeah, yeah. What an echo. How come you didn't say hello? As a matter of fact, that was very nice if you're not to say hello. Thank you for that. I was going in and I, you know, I don't like to be a star when I'm eating. That's right. Yeah, Ruth's Chris. I mean, that place is so good. You don't want anybody to pay any pain in the S bystanders coming by. Ruth's Chris. You want to save her every bite. Absolutely not. I've even had bones and a lot of the, you know, the top ten fake houses that you seen in the magazine. Right. I mean, I mean, that's dayglass that was just a real really good meal. What kind of thing do you have? What kind of thing do you have? I had the filet last night. Uh-huh. And my girlfriend had the appetite filet. I believe me, try the ribby though. If you want me, the others are great. But the ribby is so juicy and so tasty that I can taste it right now. Yeah, it is. It's a good meal. I've even had shoelas cup of times. Yeah. I have bad mouth. But I really do like Ruth. Ruth, you're a salop that. Yeah, everybody I talked to accept Hank in a course that's his sponsor. I understand he loves that. In fact, I don't know if Hank is eating in Ruth's Chris. Maybe we'll take Hank over there. One of these days. There you go. Straighten him out. And the next time you're in at sawgrass, public give my brother hard time. He's a bakery manager there. So give him a hard time. It's straight into Tesla. All right. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. There you go. That was very nice of them. A lot of times you go into a place and people come over, pan and he asks, Hey, yeah, yeah, just get out of here. Okay. I'm eating great dinner. And these people were very nice. And I was exactly who they meant because obviously they were the only Sparks in the Western. But I mean, they were very nice and sitting right in front of us. Oh, and I forgot to ask the guy who saw Sheriff Nick Devarrell. He sure, Nick must have thought he was the most important person in that joint last night. He didn't realize there was a superstar like me in there. Yeah. And he's all right. He. In fact, I want to say this. I bet you're sure of Nick wouldn't have wasted his time rating that some crews all at bullcraft, like Ken Jenny and the bot. No, seriously. I bet you wouldn't have wasted his time with that. Unless you get a lot of publicity from it. Oh, they did. Like I said, he would have done it. Oh, seriously. If I would have thought of it after would I go over to say, hey, how's your body? A present hand from the swap shop, baby, how you doing? Oh, Nick, you do spag? Yeah. Yeah. Let me say. And then after I walked out, he would have bad mouth. Me, I'm sure he did anyway. See, I don't care about that. It doesn't bother me in the least, but because I know that there are people. I mean, don't you know that? That there are people behind your back that just lift you and ask. Oh, that's not it. Even you, even you, which I mean, your about as generic as it comes. I mean, George is one of the most generic human beings just gets along with everybody. In fact, you know, I just, I just can't imagine why anybody would despise George, except maybe the water not see up there. She hates everybody. Oh, no, at least he's consistent, but other than screw-in, she hates everybody in the building. Yeah, whatever you say, there is no water not to you know, so why shouldn't she? Then you speak to you. Well, I guess that's your five association because you produce my show. Therefore, you must be a real prick rhymes with. But, yeah. So, yeah, who cares about that stuff? You know, and again, also you have to consider the source. If somebody respected was calling you an asshole behind your back, then you say, he's what did I ever do to them? You might be a little bit concerned about it. Here's a dear field. Hello. What's the answer to your poll question? Yes, sir. Here it goes. Here it goes. Okay, two days in a row now with this guy. Two days in a row. Elvis Presley or Joe de Maggio, this guy, and while it took him since the end of the show, he has been able to get that all cut up. Either that or he had, was that Bob Lincoln singing in the background? Oh, boy. Oh, do I remember that trip? Do I remember that trip from hell? Hmm, hmm, hmm. Oh, and guess what Greg Reed, oh, you won't believe this. Well, he suggested that dinner last night, right in the middle of a delicious meal. I almost up chucked my great ribeye right there right on the table. Guess what he suggested. A stoichiom station group by, I mean, with the audience, a group trip to Vegas. What a great idea. And I said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's what I said. He said, yeah, but you know, Hank, we can get him involved in you and I said, no. Great dinner last night. Appreciate it very much. We had a great time, and his wife is a lovely lady at a super time. Even John showed up for a free meal, which he never misses at Ruth's Chris. But just save the, that's suggestion. Just put it way back in the recesses of your mind, okay? Because is that ever going to happen again? No, that was me involved, okay? You want to go to Vegas? There's planes leaving all the time. Have a great time. You'll love it. It's sensational. Am I going to get involved with that crap again? No, no way. I'll tell you, we're always in heavy to get involved. And that's the pizza loft. In fact, I understand there's a lot of stuff involved going on over there. That's where Jeff Cohen tells me. Mostly having to do with food. Some other who knows. But anyway, you want a great meal? Lunch dinner. Right night's back in the middle of the afternoon. Your Johnson said really great fresh air delicious, Dad and food. Pizza loft is the place baby. It's a miracle. In fact, we kissed the ground that a pizza loft came to Broward. Start out with your favorite any posto. Choose their check out the yagalic rules. By the way, the best in the world. Choose a board of their combinations and there's featuring Veal and eggplant and chicken and stuffed shells. Luzania, which is award winning. Manicati and all your favorite sauces, whichever ones you like, are ladle down there for you. They got the strong boys and calzone, super sub chicken, catch a toy. Totally with cheese sauce, Zedian spaghetti and meatballs and sausage. Three different kinds of weight pizza and pizza loft got expressed on specials for your business people out there. And don't have a lot of time to build around for lunch every day. Just phone or facts you order it. It'll be ready in no time. Call them at nine five four nine one six eighty eighty. Tons in terms of pre-parking and the pizza loft players are right beyond pure one imports. 35 14. So I've university drive between Griffin five ninety five right next to Nova South. He's doing a kitty corner from cities buffet. How can you go wrong? Pizza loft in baby. It's out of this world, not the fastest not the cheapest, but absolutely positively the best. And like I said, where's that damn billboard? You're a fast. This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in going through operations time. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's coming to talk and the liposuction has made it the best surgery place. There's all of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. So it's like a start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I can't. It's the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lambs stop crying yet. Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point, man? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Copperlittle. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. Mommy. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Would you like to make it a point, man? I'm going to call me back. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the bottle like this. Uh, Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What's the lotion in the basket? Would you like to make it a point? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello? Oh. Oh. Woo. It's 1160 and 560. WQM got. I haven't left like that since I saw Nick the ball. I was right. Okay. We have two open lines in the row. It's 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T. And by the way, Sam and Chris, the nephew are on their way to Kendall to the Town of Country Mall. Which I think that's one of seven. Some Kendall drive, I believe. Since I lived there for five years. But the expert in here, the Julio on every record. What is it? I think it's one of the seven teams. But since the term five. I do not think it's the one. I think the town of Country Mall. Well, maybe I'm wrong. What is the mall that's on the 107th of Kendall? There is a mall there. I have a I haven't been there. Other than our thinking quarters and Kendall a couple of weeks ago. I haven't been down here in a cool age. And who don't want to? So God didn't conject it on it. But that's the good part of it is it's so conjected. You'll pull it off the road. It'll give you a break from all the traffic. And you'll bring us a lot of money for another one. And they're going to have all kinds of good crap. And they'll be there at noon. And setting up at noon. And we're going to raise a few things. We raised 1200 in the Broward. Yeah. Yesterday was great. We were raised in Kendall today. I'm going to be great. You know, sir, but it's going to be great. It's going to be big. Here's Volker. Hello. Yeah. Who was that Buffalo Bill? Was that Phil? No, no, was not. It was Buffalo Bill. Oh, okay. I saw a lot of the music. Now, we'll see you know on the Sally Jesse at the day. He was taking up two chairs. Yeah. And to get club you moron. Yeah. But that's still a fellow. Weptley. He's doing an excellent job. But what's with that Mary Bodo? You see her. Yeah. She's a school. She's a space cadet. She's showing everything. She's talking to my wife. What am I doing here? And what am I supposed to say now? And what do we do now? And can I put on some makeup? And I think she needs a little sex. Like eight or a Georgian style. Yeah. And I thought, but she looked at Bob Barnes started singing about you. But I thought that was just carrying a little bit too far. You know? Man, where did she come from with all that? Well, from Sunny's bed, I guess. Yeah. Get rid of her. That was up there in there. And anyhow, everybody's watching. No, we're sitting back passively, helplessly. And they're going to drag us on and on. We got four articles of impeachment. And then it's going to go to the full house. And then they're going to pass it because of course this is all on partisan. We believe that. Oh, yeah. And then we'll have a trial in the Senate, which there was an achancy in hell that is going to be a conviction in the Senate. There is no chance. And judge, renquist, that Nazi will be there. You know, Supreme Court justice. And the court is ranked with this swastagon talking, what is it? It is 117th in Kendall Drive. What do I say? Like you said. 117th and Kendall Drive. What is it in the mall in 117th? Oh, it's a candle mall. It's on 107th. Hey, listen, my memory isn't that bad. I remember those great old days in Kendall. Two open lines in Broward. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. I'm getting ready to go get my passport. I'm going to start squeezing it. How is it late this time of year? Cool. I feel cold in the room. It's in the 60s, I guess. I'll stick around just long enough to vote in one more election. I'd like to see what happens in the next time the election. I can tell you right now that the Republican party is destroying itself. It is self-imulating right now. This whole exercise that's going on right. They didn't get the message a couple of weeks ago in November with the election. And now I'm telling you, watch. I'm telling you, watch is going to blow up in your face. They're going to, they're going to, it's going to be a landslide. Even George W. Bush, by the way, is going to have real problems. Especially now that he opened his mouth a few days ago, made that stupid comment about only Christians going to heaven. He's going to have some real serious problems. That fascist. Yeah, a couple of weeks ago, he was leaning towards him in a presidential election. And now you just said. Just don't forget, only Christians going to heaven. One more thing. I called you back in June and regards to the sounds that come in between your bits back in June. I said it was like a record scratching. And your answer was, maybe it had something to do with the phone system. Yeah, what you think about it? But if they're hearing it's during commercials and also their in-comedy bits, the phone isn't even answering that thing. Right. I'm going to go back in June and it's like it's really, I use this into your headphones. But how often does this happen? That's what I'm trying to get through. Once a day thing or once a week, a couple of days has happened. At least if you play a harmony bit the other day, three or four. Two or four. Two or three or four breaks. So four about 15. Okay. Two out of five bits. That's what happened. Two out of five? Yes. Every day. I like to hear every one of my headphones. How long is this going? It's lost for about at least five to ten seconds. Oh my. And it's like a wreck scratching. If you listen to what headphones. And so in other words, it's cuts out the bit and all you have is scratching. Yes. And if you listen with headphones, it just about kills you ears. And Georgia doing a great job. Love you, George. Okay. I see you in a row. Thanks for the bad news. Boy. Boy, what a what a fly-op. But this is we're almost to our one-year anniversary on this station. Now they're coming out of the closet. And tell us, hey, we're listening. But the boy, if you got serious technical problems over there, Mr. If you got problems. Two open lines in date County. Speak now or hold it forever. Tightly 5605. Sit by the way, how about eight of her spell, huh? Oh, that's right. The tycoon who offered Paula Jones a million dollars to settle her sex harassment food against the president has been in debt of noncharges of hiring someone to kill a former business partner in New York. He denies the charges, but nevertheless, Abhurstfeld was arrested like Wednesday to surf Avenue home in New York. He was in debt of noncharges second to read criminal solicitation. Punishable by as long as seven years in prison. Oh, praiseier than a bed bug is what they say. Abhurstfeld. And also by the way, we actually for the first time in a long time. Oh, Xavier Swara is selling his home. Don't get too excited because he's still going to relocate in Miami because he really believes talking about having a screw loose like a Purcell. In fact, that's a good marriage. Isn't it Xavier Swara's and a Purcell? Sounds good to me. Huh? But Xavier really believes that he is somebody who would vote for him. I mean, not dead people were not talking about. We're not talking about people getting paid off. But like some legitimate voter, even old Cubans in Miami with the vote for him is there any such person that would do that now? Oh, I couldn't get elected dog catcher. Xavier. Great. I'll let us to be at or one about the Catholic Bishop's faith. This is in the Harold. Faded off a monetary support for the care of unwanted children with cause wealth or cost to fall on taxpayers. It is more humane to abort than allow 20,000 children to be abandoned on the streets of Rio de Janeiro. The thousands who live in the Siouxa, Romania or the very young who becomes lives in India and Asia whom police shoe that decided provocation. Excellent letter. See the glance at Aventura. Another great letter from Brent McLaughman in Miami about Archbishop John Favalara's column. Michelle's parents choose life. He should open his eyes so we won't be so astounded our A-Moral value system. It says, we're a society that has convinced that God made away for European settlers by wiping out native American villages with the plague. We also believe that the I for Nye is great way of life hence capital punishment. Many of us are growl about having to endure a few days of waiting before we can buy a gun. Above all, thank God for giving us bombs so we can force our political will on anyone in the world in the name of defense. Of course, it shouldn't come as a surprise that violence simply is the non-agosible American way. If American life is a good thing, we can go to America and live. There you go. Great letter Brent McLaughman, one of the, I couldn't believe anybody else in this town would actually say that except yours truly accept. They don't come on. I've gone Brent, this is a violent unacceptable country and it's just barbaric. Stone Age barbaric. People blow in each other away. Of our parking spot over a Furby doll, whatever the hell it is. You're, you piss me off and so guess what, you're dead. And what time is the judge walked around? We have an open line of date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, he's not on well. There you go. That's for you. Then I'm pissed off about that too. Here's the deraille. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Good morning sir. Where is Neil? Oh, great. Listen, uh, boss six pounds this week sir. Oh, good. My energy back. I'm starting to move it back into gear. On the atkins? Yes. Oh, great. I want to clear up some stuff about that noise on the radio. Please. I've been hearing you for months. I never called you a bother. Let me ask you. How come all of a sudden today? This is, you know, after all these months. I mean, a one guy I do remember he called me months ago, but he was an isolated case. I thought maybe he was nuts or his radio is screwed up. But then now all of a sudden everybody in their brother is chiming and we got problems. Well, because everyone thinks that it's their own radio doing it. Right. I thought it was my miracle. Here might be shorting out. I thought it was my own radio. I worked. That was doing it because I do work with computers here and I thought it was doing something. But then, uh, when I would take my lunch and go in the car, I'd hear it also. And it does not last more than five seconds. No, it's like five seconds is a long time. It only lasts like two seconds. And it sounds like if you were taking a brittle pattern, like scratching it on the phone, you know, go to like two seconds. A couple of things. I do scratch it on the phone sometimes. Not a brittle pattern. A couple of things that I want to agree with you that you've talked about before. In fact, with the rumor, in this impeachment hearing, this is getting, that's one of the things that the president did he was scratching it on the phone with Monica on the other end. But anyway. One thing is you always say that in every work environment, there's always one, not see or one. There's at least one cigarette in the wood pot. You're absolutely correct. I got so fed up that every time I would go to a new, let's say workplace. The person that was teaching me the ropes, I'd always tell them, okay, tell me who is the person. Right. I would figure that right. Yeah, just so I'd be prepared. You know, another thing is Eckard never go to Eckard. I love Walgreens. Right. Never go to Eckard. Yeah, especially here in the day county. Oh, God. No, no way. And thirdly, I said, especially in Broward County because keep in mind the population in Broward is ten times as old as in Dave County. So you think Eckard is bad in Dave County. Just go to Broward sometime you'll blow your brains up. And another thing is when you say that people turn left, when they have the arrow, and then they give them the red light and give you the green light, and they're still turning. You turn again. You turn your 10 to the time right. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that too. Welcome to South Florida, man. I got a table, sure, Chris. Yes, sir. Girls don't fart. Oh, okay. Thank you. And how did it write down? Fine. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 and day. If you move like lightning, maybe like Greece lightning, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line, Hank Goldberg Show at 2, the bookstore at 6. Any cap on the Compulse of Narada gambling Show at 10. There. You're looking for the glory, hold. Oh, right. I see you being like a wild, Christian. Oh. I've got the Jews and they're almost. I like life too. Very close by. I can be very close to those who don't know the Bible. Life I know. I am the symbol of the Black O'er's wife, Christian. And how we all must think and act alive, not their things, whenever it's appropriate. The people who live in the Holy Land, everybody in the world is right and Christian. And look for the same things and set the same things. boring. I don't think so. No. To me, that will be paradise. And the re-other's will be. I hear you, see you soon. Like a wild, Christian. And how we all must think alive. All the gay black and yet alive must die. Oh, until everybody's Christian. What? Hopefully, I sure, somebody pushed Governor or Texas says that only Christians go to heaven. I'll just keep that in mind. If it will be a lie in Broward, two in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18th, while I was lying, our topic today is meat as in roots, Christics. I'm serious, I just, every time I go there, it just blows me away. I mean, some of the rest of that should go to it, it just blows. But this place blows me away because it is so damn good. And man, well, that spinach are rotten, you know. See the ackehens, I'm going to get all pumped up about this ackehens again. And maybe even get some of the other people on this station. I mean, ackehens who desperately need them, even if they don't know it yet. Here's another fact that says there isn't always been interrupts your show. It sounds as if it's tape is rewinding on here. It kind of sounds like like that. It's been there since you came back on here, which is only an year ago. Well, I totally decided this is a little bit slow. In fact, we got about 10 million people are going to be calling me. It's just they're not getting around with yet. I've said about this month. Well, seriously, there are a whole bunch of people getting ready to call me one of these days, but not yet, not yet, they're busy. And here's another one that says just found out from an unidentified source that the electrical engineer in the new macarina is named Roy. How do you like that? Does that answer your question? And is this just in his Bob from FBL? Maybe that might have something to do with the problems. Roy. There you go. There you go. Problems over there. We've got problems over here. Oh, and also, by the way, they can't hear QAM on the inside of the arena. You used to be five, 30 on your radio inside the memory. You could hear the broadcast with Christine Amora. And they can't hear it. And like I keep telling these people, what are you complaining about? We're doing it as a public service. I mean, you're going to learn anything about the game from him? No. Who'd have wants to hear some more on the radio anyway? So there's another technical glitch. All the rumor I'm hearing is it's from the inside of there. And you read everybody there blame an Osprey blame. And then guess what? George Corso, that our engineer don't have time to be dittled around. We're going about the macarine. Okay, what big near Christine Amora, I'm not. We don't have time for that. What were we about our glitch that we got here, which we're just now finding out about that. See, maybe it's the fact that we're doing a show on the ISDN because really what we do here every day is if we're doing a show on a phone line. Which sounds pretty good for a phone line. I mean these ISDN hookups. And this, you know, Hank does then books through they do show us and Hank is sporting bruise. And outside shows for the most part, usually, sound very, very good. Once in a while, Eddie K goes to the Bahamas and it sounds like he's underwater. But most of these just things sound pretty damn good. The quality is excellent. There's an airbie in it and then they crap out completely. Like the day that Hank was over one of those joints and had to drive back to the station because we couldn't get it on the air. And we're like, hello, hello, hello, that kind of stuff. But one of the great part about if and when we ever get in our new studios upstairs, like what is that to your 25 25, then we won't be, am I right? Am I correct? And then it's correct. All the stuff will be over here. The transmitters will be over here. The transmitters. The control room and everything. Yeah. Well, that's what I mean. I don't mean that. No, the train, not the transit tower. The tower will be here right in the middle of the building. No, no, seriously. In fact, we're going to stick the tower up somebody's window. We want to mention her name. Yeah, we're going to be across the hall from the control room. It's just going to be a wire. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We won't be, we won't technically be doing the show on a phone line anymore. So perhaps we can get rid of that. But keep said about things. In fact, you know what I'm going to start doing? If we don't have the problem, maybe they just call and let me know by a long 30. And I'll just do like that. So you don't feel like you're missing out. So, seriously, they're probably people who don't even know their listening as they know why you're showing some days because they're not hearing. Like that. Right. And so they, you know, like, what am I listening to? I'm missing something here. Like Linus and his little thing. Here's a mobile in-for-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, the reason that I never called you about that sound was that it happened to often enough. And it's hideous sounding enough that I just assumed that it had to be one of the sound effects that you kept playing over and over on the show. So, you, at that time, you were using it to make on the power sheet and bush league the radio station is. Because that sounds happens occasionally. Not as often on your show as on other shows. Oh, no, no way. Now, are you telling me it happens on other shows? Very rarely, yes. But very often on yours. So I was assuming, oh, okay. No, wait. We're the reporter. But no, listen. We can solve this. Does it happen on the morning show, ever? I don't recall hearing it. I've only heard it on yours and Hank. Oh, okay. Because Hank usually, like 90% of the time is smart enough to do a show outside. So again, it would be on an ISD in a phone line. So I think that's the problem. Because the morning show, they were in the studio all the time, 98%. But I just think it's funny that you haven't known about it all this time. And I was assuming it was a sound effect that you were doing to make fun of, you know, the chiefness of the equipment there. Yeah, like that. The second point is I was to stop and fire it up about the whole impeachment thing. And then I thought about it for a little bit. And I realized that you know, this is really a blessing in disguise. Yeah. Because we know it's not going to go anywhere, right? Because it's completely part of it. Well, then there is no chance that the Senate is going to act. Big bubble on the trial, because no matter how many Lucien, Goldbergs and Linnards trips they bring for right? Because it takes two thirds of votes, 67 votes. There's only 55 Republicans. And even if every single one of them voted to, to convict, they need 12 Democrats. You're in the chance in how it's going to happen. Plus, I already know that there's some Republicans in the Senate. The law already said that they will not vote for impeachment. But I think it's a great thing that they're wasting all this valuable time and progress on doing this one thing that's going to lead to nowhere. When they could have been spending their time passing resolutions against flag burning, making abortion illegal, putting prayer back in schools, all these things that they were supposed to do here. Yeah, I think they don't keep the fact that it's busy. That's a good point. So it's keeping it busy. I was really scared when the, you know, with the Republican takeover in the Congress, that they were going to start doing all this garbage, this kind of, I don't know, flag waving or politics, not that does nothing for anybody. And they're not doing it because they're busy on this witch hunt. That isn't going anywhere. So an actuality. Sexual law concept. What it's all about. Have a great day. I got to run. You got to pop this up this time. Actually, would this continue the sedation to see what his level of attention was. This morning when we did that, he was totally unconscious and unrespaner and assimilate. He developed higher fever during the night's temperature. He's 100 to his white blood cell count has gone up to 20,000. Oh, hey. Clearly in deterioration in the infectious situation. The skin can't have the chest, which is investigated x-ray, which allows this to look into the real inner portion of the law. So it's something that the most important is worse. Working with his and staple of caucus. And he's working with the court. And we've been out of that. Unfortunately, we've been unable to get on top of this factarium. His vital signs, however, quite good, his blood pressure is normal. He is off all blood pressure support medication that he's got. And still maintaining his blood pressure. His kidney function is good. His cardiac function is good. How about an unparalleled essential issue? We've been dealing with over the past two months. The lungs, those are the things that really aren't good. And then we are causing it from nature problems. Oh, that's enough depressing news almost at lunchtime, okay? Jota Maggio, it's not looking real good, okay? You know something? This is more important than penis-gate. It's more important than anything. And I wasn't aware of that. So thank all you people in the media for letting me know that the Jota Maggio is this important. I guess your cost bill was right. He's the missing link. We have an open line in day two and a row. At 560-60, pound-five-60 on the AT&T line, 20-tono-2A. The Jota keeps getting bigger. We're getting a bunch of shit. Round the longs of the G-squared, and it's got a great thing zipper in the back of the fence. Get off the horse if the old barn door got the saddleburn around and I'm around on the horn. Looking side-posterdance on all the round, there goes Johnny and his mother's back down. All the men left, all the men right, all the men need to the pillow to the back. Give your partner a silly smirk. All going hands for a big circle jerk. Follows here is all rager hand. Who's gonna be the next to the fan? In that fair partner, home for a drink, your lips and give him away with a great big smile and a great big knock, let him know your durability flow. All right. Hello, Johnny. What do you know? We need a hit. So here I go. All one. All two. All right. One. All right. Two. Now now. I'll take the wheelie. All right. Let's hear it. All right. Let's hear it. So down. Don't be nervous. What on the edge? All right. I started baseball, same as dreams, that that was all a soul. All right. Just a man and not a free. You're the judge, my dear. All right. Don't judge, my dear. Be my, you, my, you, my, my. He's not the market. 44. Jellabum first. One for the right to this. No. Okay. Well, why not? I'm trying to get with the program. I don't want to be a party. Pupor, I want to watch you on in with her. It's like this thing at the hockey game. They're having a good time. Just because of all the technical problems, and nobody knows what's going on with the game. They're still having a good time. They're watching themselves up on the screen. They're doing the way. They're having a good time. That's why they can leave wood like 10 minutes left in the high game. They don't work five minutes. Whatever. They don't care. They just have a good time. They're little socializing going on. So I'm trying my best to jump on a bandway and play a little look. I'm good, but more and children's your imagination. Oh, what is it, children's magic? Oh, what is this? I want to hear from someone. Oh, wait a minute. How did up again? Joe to measure when to call my breaking news. How did up? The people agree. What is that? You're on the wrong station, Mr. We don't want to hear whatever providence that's. And as a matter of fact, here at this hospital, there is a wing that Joe to mad Joe children's hospital. Okay, good. I hear it. He's in a coma, Joe to mad Joe. Oh, I'd like to hear from some other people because I don't want to feel like I'm out on the limb. I'm not insensitive. He was in American hero, although long time ago. Uh, are there other people who don't really care? I mean, the guy's 84 years old. It's not like he's uh, 50. He's 84 years old with one long. Now. I want to find out if I'm out of step again. As usual, just like with Eric Clapton's kid plan out the window. I want to find out if I'm insensitive and real son of a bitch. Am I? Uh-huh. Come on. Let's hear it. That one Lazi caller on the board. Because they're all wanting to TV. There he is. There's Joe to mad Joe is out there. Yankee Stadium. One of the, uh, 4,000 times they honored him for being a ball player. And Murray to Merlin Monroe. That's why they admired him because it was Murray to Merlin Monroe. They were jealous. Why the hell not? Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, sixty on the edge. In fact, I guarantee we have people listening to me right now. Who wouldn't know Joe to mad Joe from Mochi, I bet you that. I will guarantee that there are people listening to me right now. Wouldn't know Joe to mad Joe from Frank says, No one's seen in. Here's a mobile in Westman. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I was wondering, you think the second one is going to run an odd line on a Joe lives a die? Uh-huh. Well, that's dinner this morning. What's it? It's dinner this morning. Check it out, page 28 on the sports deck and check it out. Right next to the ads for all the strippers, for the hookers and the escort services. We have an open line in Broward. Joe to mad Joe's right on the edge. Don't tell Greg Co. Texas here. They're probably having to respect him. Because it wasn't bad. He couldn't handle the fact that George Burns actually died or whoever else he may and Frank Sinatra died. Oh my. Oh, a American icon. I love that word icon. I love that. He's an icon. Well, what does that mean? I don't know. He's an icon. He's like important. Based on what? Well, he was a good ball player, yeah. He was a great ball player. He died and all they wanted to talk about is how he got a liver. I had to somebody else. Well, he shouldn't have done all that drinking. He got cirrhosis. Well, maybe Joe D. should have done a lot smoking. Okay, but at least he somehow survived for 84. And I'll say it again. Would most of us be happy to make it to 84? Yeah, sure. But you're sweet ass. Man. But I guess and and any of the Pope as you would know, of course, his Mr. Cornball, the greatest Cornball in the history of mankind. He's got a glowing article there. What is this thing, sir? This morning in the Harold, the dignity of Joe D. Man's you all. Oh, yeah. Papa, papa, papa. So he's at the Pope. The eagle has landed. The eagle has landed in candle at the corner of the 117th Avenue Road in Kindle Drive at the Shals station across from the denigrant. And they don't have any of the part one CDs just right now. St. is rushing over to the grove to get them. Yeah. He's rushing over to the grove to get them because they're out of the grove. Is that the reason they have a lot of extra merchandise over there in the grove? I don't understand that. I think they hate me in the grove. I think they're a bunch of closet queens in the grove. I don't know what their story is. Okay. Let's talk about Joe to make sure whatever else. Maybe we'll find somebody to actually hurt him. Here's Cutler Ridge. Shall I? Cutler Ridge. Going once. In Cutler Ridge. Going twice. Gone. Hi, Alia. Hello. Yeah. I think Joe D'Amazure was a great ball player. Yeah. I think you're a chronic asshole is what I think. Okay. Chronic. Two open lines in date. Five six seven five sixty in pump. When I'm looking for chronic. Okay. We're not that desperate. Okay. Just the sound of your voice is worse than that scratching sound of the audience is here. And on the fact maybe it is your voice. That's what they're confusing with that scratching sound. Like fingernails on a blackboard or on your echo. That's what they're hearing. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I don't know who makes these draw more. Dr. Laura or Henry High. They're both the biggest hit for Christian the world. Yeah. And also we'll never. Any more presence because there's a bill. That forty million dollars going to be allocated to check out everybody you run for Predencer will never have any more president. Right. No. Fifty five million. Right. And also. You're going to have to have your penis in spectadestory. Have a chance to be a candidate. And you know, I want to know why every touch of host in this market. It's. Like who we talking about like FK. Mr. Ego sucks up to me. Everybody sucks up here. Well, who else? Well, he has no audience. We want to suck up to me. So I'll promote his thing over to which I have. I'm the only guy we've been talks about him. Yeah. Well, anyway. And who else named him 20 years ago? Rick and son. Well, Rick and son friends of mine. We worked together for a mission. Why shouldn't they suck up to me? Should they rip me? They should not. Maybe they should kiss my ass. I don't think any police are ripped because I think I'm the greatest. That's right. Thank you very much. Okay. We have an open line in bro. What was he saying? He ain't something like that. He five six seven. Oh, maybe that was that one. He's on me like that. Is that what you're hearing? Is that it? Uh-huh. Yeah. We'll get to the bottom of this today. You marked my words. Forget about the engineering staff. They're busy with eight million other problems. We'll work this up. They're busy over to macaruna. So you hear the end by the way. Don't come up to me and complain that you can't hear Chris moron. Okay. Anybody that wants that needs to hear him? Is there anything he's gonna say that's going to have you in your Medical of the game? Oh, he's gonna give you any. If you're sitting there, it's right in front of you the God damn Name, what did you hear him for? He's not describing it. He's talking cocka. He's talking jersey crap. In fact, almost everything that comes out of Christie. A moron's mouth is crap. That's right. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I bought boaty of CDs. Thank you. At boarders and plantations. great. I have some information about that scratching sound. Yes. It just happened. It did. When you were when you played the Georgia Auditorigate Regus bit, I didn't play the Georgia Auditorigate. It was like an intro to the program right before Joe the Magiob. Okay. When you when it transferred or transitioned from one to the other. Yeah. That's when the scratching sound. I mean like that. We'll get to the bottom of this if it's lasting at least it's something different. If I'm saying it's something new and better than the hearings up here. Right. I was like everybody else. I thought it was my memory. Now let me ask you this. Are you broken up about Joe the Magiob because you slipped into a coma. Is that to strip you deeply or no, it does not. Okay. Thank you. I have a great day. Oh, I see. There's another bastard out there. I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive, but I'm not going to come in here. I lied to you. If it was something that I really admired tremendously or that was a contemporary, Joe the Magiob was not my contemporary. He's 84 years old. A couple of days ago on Monday, I think I was trying to ask for old files. We had like two people. We had the way how many other than my mother. How many people close to that age do we have listening? One in this audience. We just don't have that many people are really new. I grew up with Joe the Magiob. I'm sorry. I hate to break the news here. But most of those people are I don't want to be in delicate but like that. Okay. I said it. I'm sorry. Should I have said dead? No. They're like they've passed away. Don't you like that expression? They passed away. They're dead. And they're supposed to alive. Okay. It's not like they're, and then of course we got a lot of people down here, which it's debatable. I was going to say is there a stage between dead and alive, then I forgot where I am. It's called South Florida is like between like purgatory. Like sunrise. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You don't enjoy. Off you are now, baby. And you know something he's got a lot of nerve to upstage to God damn impeachment. The speech material he's going on with there. How do you like that? First he had a stick his nose in there and mess with the Kennedy's when he started to dittle in the wild Merlin Monroe. And now he's picking up a inappropriate time. This went back. In fact, you know something? Maybe he was watching the impeachment here and says, put it back in a little coma again. Sure. It's how having a good, it's working effectively for millions of Americans putting all of us into a coma watching his crap as they rehashed the same bull crap over and over and they're sitting there pontificating with their hypocritical bull crap. That's exactly what it is. There's thanked the most of his bull crap. I told you that month ago and I'll use that term again. It's thanked the most of his hypocritical bull crap, especially from that asshole. He can one but can't hand me high and you can't run too fast, by the way. Big fat cow. Makes me look like a midget. Big humongous fatty waddles. Have you seen it? Get's up from next here. His puttpick like sticks straight out. Waddles. Four minutes before noon at five. So give me a good slung guy to look like a pink and pink I helped. Like Ted Kennedy. Four minutes before noon at five. 60 WQN. So we were out on our first date. After he had a big picture and then. I heard another deadly score. Then I held my nose. And so I went down to the park my dead son there. So like the same guy in there. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. She kept a healthy that girl don't party. But I do. I heard another deadly score. Then I held my nose. And so I went down to the park. I moved my nose. And covered it with my shirt. I moved her down to get her back. It just a matter of time before another attack. So I have to see when's okay. I'm going to go to the park. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't party. Girls don't stand a broad number of turning stitches. Girls don't have pissing your kids. If you know. Bitch, girls don't do it. Now teach you how to write your Homily butt for jotting something cool from me So I had just gone at eating this enormous meal. I like about an hour later, I'm in the station doing some more getting ready to go on the year and the afternoon and what it was. And I go to the magic room. Make it a positive and I am going to turn it. I know it's a middle lunch time. I don't want to get too graphic, but I'd love just to place it to say, it was bad. I mean, it's Mount Real Bad, okay? I mean, like the end of the world. And I walked out of there and said, oh my god, I'm saying to myself, oh, I sure hope nobody walks in here anytime, like in the next two three hours because it's embarrassing. And I walked out, I walked down the hall and far enough away from the rest of room so that you don't want to say that was anonymous at that point. So I'm walking back up the hall toward what the other rooms I was doing to work and some one of our salespeople, I think, comes running out of the men's room saying, oh my god, it smells like somebody died in there. And I'm going to myself, yeah, like with kind of a smug sentence, satisfaction knowing that I was too loud of there. In fact, I think you need a number of just pants, I'm not sure which number, but you just couldn't handle it. Yes, $20. Oh, okay, see, we're going to do this again, like yesterday is that it? Uh-huh. Sand and Chris are there impatiently waiting. I taught yesterday, we start with $20, well, it's pretty slow. Okay, they're not there yet. We wound up with 1200 bucks per set of one yesterday and we'll do the same again today or guide them and I want to know what's wrong with those people down in Kendall. Sand and Chris, you got the vans down there, town and country mall 11 17th and Kendall Drive. We got the best of CDs and cassette. We got best in the old T-shirts, shelves, shelves. What do I say? Tell them country mall. So I said the shelf station and town and country mall. Now let me ask you, how come we keep showing up at the shelf stations? Did they got something to do with this thing? I think we're in bed with them. We're in bed with them. Hey, that's great. We love our shelves and the gas station too. So that's where we are. Go buy there and bring a check and pick up some stuff and let's start raising them serious Monday. Here's my goal. Here's the way I have this thing laid out. A week from tomorrow Saturday the 19th we're going to be noon to two of the borders in plantation. By the time we finished that day, that weekend, I want to be at 90 grand. Okay, from a week from tomorrow. We got 80, we got to have like 82 or 82 right now, minimum, based on what we don't know about internet and borders and so on. So that's not on reason. But is it? So if we can make it to 90 by the end of next Saturday, including that remote that appearance, then that can be this two weeks to get another 10 grand piece of cake. And like I said, the bees leaves no problem at all. Whatever shortfall they come up with, they'll let me show them. Want to say no. Here's a parade. Hello. Welcome, Neil. How you doing? Great. First time caller, complete, completed, rather from day. All right. Two things I want to talk about. You got me feeding for some Ruth Chris now. I had it once and now you have me wanting to go back and get it once a day. It's so good now. It just melts in your post man. And number two? Yes, sir. Joe D. I do not care about him. I'm out of fact. I want to make a request. Yes. Could you please please play me one foot in the grave? Okay. Thank you. Is that what that's called? It's called one foot in the grave? What is that? This is sexual, you bastard, you prick. This is the end man. You lost contact with the audience. No, right now. You can't get to this. You might have ever had it. One foot in the grave. They say that I have no chance to be saved. And see the light now. I'll be checking out before the night is full. The chairman of the board. I wasn't posing very soon. I'll be. He composed. Oh, right. And the ending. Oh. Soon I will be with you. Who's the baby? One foot in that grave. On one four Barbara. I've got one foot in the grave. He full of surprise that I am still alive. He died in 95. I don't think I'll sing today. My life is fading far away. Whoa. Made it through the night. This is surprising. He did not think I'd see. That's unarrising. Not bad for a guy who's one foot in the grave. Cookable baby. Delfts and little water. Where is self-sufficiency? All drug was my one foot. I'll check it out, baby. Eight minutes back to noon at 5.60 in WXU. I'm out here for the chairman of the board. Don't enjoy American icons. That word drives me up the wall. I can't. It's not a ridiculous word. He's an icon. Well, what does that mean? Based on what? Who's a ball player? The one guy was a ball player. This guy was a singer. I never met a mobster. He didn't like it. I saw him in a goon. We have an open line of day. Five, six, seven, five. Basically what that means is a product of media hype. I think it's what it's all about. A very effective product of media hype. And in their case, like tremendously effective. The Joe de Mayo thing just floors me. Because years go by, you hear nothing about Joe de Mayo. You accept once there will be a person. One of those old-timer games in Yankee Stadium or the given in the ward or whatever. And that's all you hear. He's a very quiet personal shuttle away from the rest of the world. Eating in the back of the deli then. And now he's dying. It's like, oh, every five minutes. We got to have a guy damn update or we just can't survive. We got a bunch of lunatics up. They're trying to lynch mob, trying to get rid of the president. But we don't care about that. Joe de Mayo is back at a coma again. You know, oh boy. Paul Simon's probably got spooky. He's just thinking about it right now. Twelve, even the glam have spilkeys. With 1209 is five, 60 WQM. It's fourth radio, five, 60 QAF. Oh god, be all. This is Kevin. Hello, how are you, Abby? I'm interested in getting through operations, Khan. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction? Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's coming to a halt. And the liposuction does make the press surgery face to face. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. I'm wondering... Well, you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know what they would do right now. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too. Mm-hmm. Laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stop crying yet? Mommy. It's surgery? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I will have to see you first. And then, I'm looking actually, we can tell you that one will be here. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point then? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Puffer L'Obell. Okay, let me give you a little information from you. Okay. My name is Puffer L'Obell. Okay, let me give you a little information from you. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a point then? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the basket. Uh, bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point then? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the camera. It puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, yeah. Hello. Oh. Yeah. I could play that like every five minutes and still like my fans. Where's June Allison? Well, we need to. Okay. Squirt's part. Oh. You know, I just got it's a good thing that I played that again to give me some laughter after reading this pack. I am so distraught. I have no words to describe it. I just received a facts. I am at the beginning slow, stupid accommodation in the above in my old age. Andy from a Hollywood who I thought was like a long, distant part of our past writes this facts and when you hear it, you're going to realize how really stupid I am. It's as I think it's getting out of hand on a few issues. Number one, every time I call, George hangs up. I worked George. Number two, I fact you and you don't read it. I would like to ask you a question. The first of all, I want you to know that I come over to every game with my girlfriend and we always talk. I give you a spy reports and you always seem happy to see me. My girlfriend is Chinese and I know the sooner before. Neil, can I please call you once a month? No, please. I have a lot of material Andy and Hollywood. No. Now, I never thought of me because I only saw Andy from Hollywood once, like a long time ago at the old arena and immediately I registered my mind. I forget who that is and I want to know who that is. And it comes over before the game, like on the game on Wednesday night, the out of a game. And I'm there. Who the hell is this? I don't know. He's this time. I'm eight million people come over to talk to me before the game, so I want to see and some like Andy, I don't want to see. And for he starts a song that ends with me Wednesday about how we call the station to complain that he can't hear QAM inside the arena. Okay, should that give you a clue right there? What we're dealing with somebody that wants to get Chris Moore who's supposed to be, this guy is supposed to be a hockey expert, Andy. But he needs Chris Moore to listen to back to right again. Does that tell you all we need to know? And then he tells me about calling the station and he tried, you know, calling QAM and it was nobody alive and it was recording and Andrew asked in the woods, it's extension and this one. He goes through a long kind of, and I said listen, why just leave them alone? I didn't even know who it was this guy. Because he comes over like how he's supposed to know him. I said, just leave George Corso or engineer or lo and he's that it. Maybe another thing to worry about. We can't worry about whether you can hear QAM in your room. That's just watch the game, you know. And papa papa papa. Yeah, I do know he's got a Chinese girlfriend and she seems very nice in what he's doing with him. I have no idea. But oh my god, this puts the whole loose land on the whole thing now. That's Andy, I don't believe that. I can't believe I'm that stupid. Seriously, I know I'm dumb. Believe me, I know I get dumber by the minute. But I cannot believe that that guy is Andy from Hollywood, not beginning sucked in the talking but why, what does he say that? If that's really him, why does he ever say that? Because he knows that all immediately call the usher and have him removed. The answer to all your questions, Andy is, no, okay, if you got that was that loud enough? No, there you go. Open line and Broward. One, we're up to 100, but it's kind of dead. He said, Chris. Well, that's not going to get the job done. What's what's with all you people down in the red candle, okay? The shelf station over there by the town of country mall, Kindle drive in 117th. We raised $1,200 in Broward years today and started a little bit later by the way, we started about 12, 20, I think. Started this thing 10, 15 minutes ago and we got 100 bucks. That's five pieces. Now, we give it away. Doff, what do we got down there? Let's let's lay it off for half. Yeah, we got a whole bunch of crap that were given away too for people to make donations. We got to probably some dolphin t-shirts and D&H stickers and buttons and all kinds of whatever we got. We changed much, but we got it. And we want to raise a lot of money down there between now and two because this is the idea. Just like that mail, we did get two more like I told a little sex that's staggered in here. But that's not my idea of a flood of mail. Like I'm coming yesterday, George's orders of pile of mail for we there, coming here for a few envelopes and now in a five, yeah, one of them wasn't there. You check. That's a pile of mail. Not for I come from maybe it gave me piles looking at it, but that's not my idea of a tremendous response, especially compared to the old days, we'd come in to get a stack of mail every day, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100 envelopes. You know, we got time is of the essence. It's the 11th of December. We got 20 days left, which sounds like one day less than three weeks to raise just another 20 grand here. We can do it. But man, you folks out there are really considerate that real slow and down there in candles, you think that they be lined up from here all the way to God damn, McKee West down there in candle. Here's Pember Pine, fellow. Hey, I don't know. Great. Okay, you have four things on this. Yes, sir. Okay, first off, the reason is the module is an icon. Look how ugly he is. He got mail on the row. Yeah, I agree. Like I said, I think this is main claim to fame. That's why he's an icon. Right. Most importantly, last night, I tried one of those things. Actually, an icon or an eye sore. Okay, I'm sorry, go ahead. I tried one of those fish sticks off, right? Yes. Went out, took a bite, went back in, bought six more. Uh-huh. And there it was. Now, where did you get them? You get them at the deck? I went to your mobile station right there. Yeah. Told you, the mobile station is where you get the good fish food and Ben and Jerry's in fish sticks, yes, mobile. I walked in there a whole, I was like, you know, we're, we're in a whole cooler for that stuff. Right. They don't sell down the regular store, they do that. Yeah, they do. Oh, they do. And in fact, if you go on a public stay, if you go where they have all the, uh, not not your regular rice people, where they have all the ice cream bars and that stuff, usually you'll find them in there. They have it like, it's not like a single bar, they're like a six pack of them. No, just one. Uh-huh. See, I got that same way with the little pint and stuff like that. Right. Okay. Uh, let's see. Next thing I want to discuss with all you guys. See, and then believe me, that's the safely to do it because it you know, as well as I do, if they sort of like they do the Eskimo pies and other things, like a 12 pack to 12, you go home and eat out 12. I know I would. I could do it. Tell them about skin, that's true. I could eat four of mine away home in the car easily. Yeah, I'm only like six three like 180, so I'm the actual one. I could afford, you know, to, you know, maybe, yeah, you got, you got some of them to fill up there. You know, um, okay, but you were talking about like, you know, they were going, I actually capital last night was running a pool on when he was going to die. They were like, you know, you could pick the time and the date. And capital is running a pool online, who is, and capital is going to die or have a advantage of. The margin of the, oh yeah, well of course, any of the things he doesn't care, he's, you know, he's, he's, he's game. But they're not thinking he's just, don't want to not be patient. Uh-huh. So, um, and then lastly, Andy, stay away from the phone. In fact, you do, but, and uh, okay, thank you so much. Excellent. Good job all the way around. We have a, I, I, I, really, I seriously, it takes an awful lot to shock me, but when you tell me when that fact tells me that that's Andy from Hollywood that comes in a cost movie for every game like I'm expecting like he's my long, lost best friend in the world. And I'm expecting to see him. I, I don't know what to say. I'm, I'm in a loss. I'm absolutely lost. And the fact that, and you know, isn't it enough for him to come by and huck me a Chinese before the game, which I'm always very accordulant, isn't that enough? No, he's got to like, uh, keep Mustang. And we don't want to talk to you, Andy. You have nothing to say. If that can't, I'm sorry. I don't believe that. So, I don't believe the facts. I do not believe that that's Andy from Hollywood. You're in denial. They're because when he calls in on a show, he's such a simple and whippering a knitwood, who's got nothing to say. And when you see him there, he's like, I mean, I'm not saying it's got anything great to tell me, but like, which is up a little bit. Now most people are the opposite. I'm the fool and they're like a lot more outgoing and a lot more ballsy, et cetera. And in person, they, you know, tend to be a little lower on the loopy side. That was Andy. He just called to say that's in. No. Yes. Please, please don't tell me you just said that. Pretend put a smile on your face. Pretend we're laughing again at that bit. I played before pretend put the lotion in the basket. There you go, Andy. Put the lotion in your back. Go, there you go. And go see Dr. Ben, dover. We have an open line of day to it for our all. This, we were having such a great day. I mean, it was just sensational. We were having a picnic here today with the ants. I'm usually shamed without the ants. Now we got the ants. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Come on. I want to hear about you. I want to hear about you. I want to hear from some people that are, uh, think that he was an icon. We think that he was the last link with America's innocence with our past, uh, America's guilt. Whatever he was the goddamn link to. Maybe we'll hear from some old parts that you see in the deli then. Now I'm sure that's the old deli then they're talking about. Remember the deli then? I should do. I'm talking to you original deli then before they had whatever they'll happen over there. Do they have a fire or something? And then one of the former owners of blue is brains out some horrendous things. I used to think that there are all the time you used to be one of my sponsors. You used to go as a great place. Little that I know that Joe de Maggio was sitting there in a back eating deli. And of course guys from New York. One of the eight-day deli of course. People from big cities they like deli. Even the glam like deli. That's right. Here's a cover read. Chela. You're a big stilo. Yeah, okay great. Here's my amy. Hello. Hello, the author. You have just called the election of the Lumpur and I'm back on your two cities. Thank you. And I'm a black swatler. I love you so much. All right. You are the bomb. I'm going to tell you right now what just happened? Somebody cut him off. That wasn't me. I didn't do it. Somebody cut him off. But in any way, like you said, the best ruts is a black swatler. Although Malcolm, I'm not sure just what you call him like light mocha. Hmm, how's Malcolm doing? Mm-hmm. Okay, we have an open line in day five, six, seven, five, six, three, pound, five, six, the unimobile one line. I get goosebumps when I think of Malcolm on a young and a hornet. Anybody know who Malcolm is? I bet you do. Wow. He is one. I mean, yeah, if you look at Malcolm then you believe there's a guy. Then you look at that and you say, wow, then you go home and naked like after taking a shower before in the morning and you look at yourself and you say, there's no God, damn it. You say, there's a devil, but they're kind of, in fact, look at this guy. Look at what's his name again, the big fact, Democrat, the needler, nadler, from New York. ability to vote intelligently or- I mean, he's a brilliant guy. Don't get me wrong. And of course, he's, uh, he and my, uh, our politics are familiar. But this guy, he doesn't have 20 times he has no chin. His head is just connected to where his neck used to be. That's how fatty is. nadler, nadler, nadler, uh, needler from New York. In fact, I think, I think if they could get him and Henry Hyden, like kind of change around where some of the fat belongs to a vocalist like Algo's, you know, in a good day. And this goes down. I mean, it's the best part of our life is it's so shocking, you know, and like unpredictable, like all the Republicans and all saying, oh, well, you know, the guy, I say, yeah, right. They're all saying what you know, they're going to say, the Democrats are saying what they're going to say, and while all this testimony was being given, they're all busy drafting up their own one of the central resolution on one side and four articles of speechmen on the other side. They're not listening to any of this. Cap, it's all a show. It's window dressing. It's all to keep MSN day and BC on here. That's all. 166. Yeah. Well, that's pretty slow. Yeah, but that's like in the first 20 minutes. Yesterday, the first 20 minutes, we had 20 bucks in the Christmas out there whining, okay? Shell station in candle 11 17th and candle drive near the town of country, mall over there. Right in the shell station, you'll see the QA in van. You'll see them hanging around. Yes, sir. I was listening to Jim Mander today on the radio. And he made some very rude, rude comments about France and Atre. I don't know if you heard the program. I think you ought to look into it and have a misdemeanor to make an apology. I'm very excited about Mr. Atre and the biagropel, so nothing evil closes coffin. I thought was totally totally out of line. And I can't believe that a man of his his ability would even make those kind of remarks. So, please see what you can do. Thank you. Teeancing. Teeing thups. Aristopathy. I'm running into a couch. I'm running into a couch. My job is to have me in the bus or bus or bus or bus or bus. She's the rich and nice to spend the night with her. I'm running into a bus or bus or bus. There's just one thing down in the bus. I'm running into a bus or bus or bus. She's on the bus. She's on the bus. She's on the bus. I'm running into a bus or bus. I'm running into a bus or bus. I'm in another couch. I'm running into a tent and I know where your house is. We're coming in. I'm running into a kitchen. I'm running in another kitchen. La seeming itchy. It's been 15 minutes. You want to go that way? The first before, how come she's coming to mine with that? 1234 or 560WTQM? I'm still this draw. That can't really be Andy from Hollywood. I just can't convince myself that that can possibly be. Somebody that shows up their game after game night after night and just pants himself and front of me like, like I want to speak to him. Like I want to see him. Like I want to know from him. I can't believe that. Is it possible? Humanly? Uh-huh. Okay, let's do a mobile in Miami, hello? Neil? Yes, sir. I'm a pitcher of hell, man. About man, this company I worked for, they're the most stupidity blive ever ever ever met man. Every year we have a chicken Christmas party, right? Every year except this year because we're talking about the letters I hope, yeah? Oh yeah, listen to this. Last Thursday, usually people make these kind of arrangements like two months in advance. Yeah. Last Thursday, we get a stupid little notice along with a paycheck. You are being quarterly invited to our year and get together to celebrate the holiday season. At Lenny's. Okay, no, no, no, that, um, big matters. Oh, okay. What is it? Big matters? I never heard on Ponsor Dillon and 21st. All down there, well, excuse me, yeah. Well, anyways, everybody's excited about it, right? Two of it, they come up with some crap that you can confirm that you're going about 85% of the people agree to go, right? Craft, yeah. All right, there you go. Yesterday, we got an email because some smock, they get it idiot. It's not going to be there. He's supposed to be like one of the supervisors. So they cancel the damn thing from one day to another for Saturday. Yeah, but you know, yeah, and it's supposed to be at 830 a night and you can't take your, your wife, you can't take your friend, you can't take your pet, you can't take your pet. Yeah, I think they need a favorite. I think they need a favorite. I think they screw them. Okay, and good luck in your job. Okay, screw them. Because you're boss, he's an asshole. We have an open line of day two and a broad. Five, six, seven, five, 60 and Pons, five, 60 on the mobile one line is where Roland Long. Come on, where the Joe to Maggio people. See, I'm telling you, but if we don't care about Joe to Maggio, he's not a contemporary, most of us. I'm an old fart and I don't care. I just don't care. He's old enough. He's been sick. I thought he was going to die and what bothers me is that every five minutes we're being in comfort with his stuff. Like it's important. Is it important? No, of course it's not important. What am I in peace? He lived in peace like for the last 30 years, whatever it was, 20 years. He lived in a dying peace and tell that more than I can. I'm going to try to cover the stuff. I'm going to cover the stuff. I'm going to cover the stuff. Good. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I'm a Joe. I'm a Joe the Maggio person. I think he was great. Yeah, great bowl play. I think you're chronic too. Do you think that I don't recognize that voice? Do you think we don't recognize chronic? You're chronic. We don't care. Go back to New York, okay? We'll see you on Long Island. We have an open line. We'll see you at the Deli, okay? We'll see you at Cook's. Sure. 560 and Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Chronic, chronic. They're out there, baby. Searching desperately seeking. They got a spy glass. They got a telescope. They got them out. Palomar telescope. They got a big one. A magnifying glass. Look at the forward and a life too. Here's a cool spring. Hello. Hey, Daniel. Yes, sir. Ruth Chris commercials like subliminal food process. Uh-huh. I'm sitting here listening to you talk about it before. I agree. It's the best day to spend it in a hospital. It's a long time. We're going to go to dinner tonight somewhere. I know where I'm going. I'm going. It's just, it's so good that it's just a fair place. It's just finished and the potatoes and the half lettuce. Half lettuce. Half a lettuce. Oh. Half a lettuce. Half a lettuce. Oh. Half a lettuce. Better than that. Oh, no. There's no one. You see in the paper this morning about the fountain that they're going to build. Yeah, they're going to build a fountain for a way. And by the way, you know what you usually do in a fountain, either through a coin, and what are you take a leak or your peanut. That's right. So when they finish building the fountain to a way and we can all go in the peanut. It's going to be an interactive fountain. Yeah. So, and it looks to, you know, let's pick what is going to happen is when you go over there and you get close enough, a hand reaches out for the fountain and grabs your money out of your pocket. That's what the peanut can go fountain. But you'll watch all the bastards now line up to give money to this thing. Yeah. And meanwhile, you're not going to lose for a very good. That's right. And then you can squeeze the piggy and the piggy and everything else. Right. One of the things that you also in the paper this morning, you see the plane. It was over the plane crash and Amsterdam. No. No, I did not. There was a Delta plane from the United States was coming in for landing. Yeah. And there was a love tonsure something being towed across the runway. Yeah. Well, that was no little time. That was all golds mean. It means all the crystal runway. Right. Have a great day. Thank you. Yeah. Well, that doesn't sound too good. We have an open line of day to one and a broad. What do you want to say? Well, that's a clear point. Why is that a clear point? Wow. You want to see an airport. We're like shopping malls in a big train station in the middle of it. And even McDonald's. How do you? Yeah. Well, it sounds good. I mean, I've got something to eat. 21 before one at five, 60 WQM. I think you're right. My baby. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. I've been on this. Police got my tongue. Police got my tongue. Are you sure? Police got my tongue. Poisoned. I had quite a lot. Police got my tongue. Police got my tongue. But set the right would take. But it was bravely out of guard. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. Police got my tongue. Police got my tongue. Police got my tongue. They come to scare it all like a. Police got my tongue. Poisoned. Police got my tongue. Police got my tongue. They must be speaking a part in love. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm a Spoky. I'm a Spoky. I'm a Spoky. It's 45 at 5. Here's another facts. This is getting really fun. Did you read this? Yeah. Andy's girlfriend sent you the Chinese young lady. He seems like a very nice, quiet young lady. But nevertheless, she's bugging me now. I've got to tell you, these are a one-two bug team. Maybe they can come in here and do the exterminating. When we're not here, of course. My fiance Andy from Hollywood just called me and told me about his facts. He is Andy from Hollywood. He drives me crazy with your show. I occasionally listen to you and work. But sometimes just listening about your show is enough. Which I would imagine, Cynthia. Can you please allow him to call to we can stop bothering me about it? As Cynthia, the answer Cynthia is, Did you understand? And oh, in English. No. In Spanish. In Italian. No. No. No. No. No. Tell him to get a life. In fact, both of you get a hobby. You'll get him out of my face out of my life. And if that isn't bad enough, the worst news is that that's a dead location down there. 117th and Kindle Drive. I'm telling you, that's not our audience down there. Didn't I tell you that? Those are a bunch of militant whoios that lived down there. They've been on interest. They don't know me from Xavier Swires, from Sheriff Nick. So they're going to be moving out of there in a few minutes. I have no idea how much we raised, but I've only not very much. Maybe a couple of hundred bucks. And I'll always be down there. And now they're going to be moving our vein and all good stuff to the shells on the corner of US-1 and 27th Avenue. Which is, what is that? Is that the busier section? But I mean, what is it? What do you call that? Area. South Miami. US-1 and 27th Avenue. Something. I don't think it's a city proper. Just Miami, just whooville is. What I call it? Oh, it's like I said, okay, we had a real good day with us yesterday. And of course today we don't want to overdo it. We don't want to set too high of a standard because then, you know, we don't want to set the bar too high. And they're talking about with the speechman crap. Let's set it with your low like they're doing. Like if you have a bad ball over there and page, that kind of thing. So in about one 15, Sam and Chris and the Agatami Spoha will be there at the Shell State US-1 and 27th Avenue with the best in the old stuff. And let's see if we can't raise a few under box there today. Come on, let's get with it. That kind of thing was a bum. I told you, our audience is not in date County. I've been sitting here for a year. How many calls did we get from date County like for a day? The overwhelming majority of our calls are from Broward. Well, I'd like that thing in the grow. Are we raised any money in the grow? No. We saw any merchandise in the grow. No. They're not moving over to the grow. They pick up the bus and the bus and the other ones because they're not moving in the grow. That's right. They hit me like poison in the grow. They're too busy diddling each other in the grow. They don't have time for us. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, low nail. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. A little man. I was just watching when you were talking about a celebrity. You know, they had them on the news and you know, pull back their date, something years old. They knew four. 84. And I told them off. You know, I turned 33 December 3rd. Yes sir. And hit the flower on my Julio from from now on. Okay, from where? From have Anna. Yes. Thanks. Anyway, I got from my birthday tattoo. It's got a bunch of flames with the Cuban flag rising out of it. Yeah, a flaming tattoo. Is it in the middle of it, we hope? No, no. Yeah, he's in the ashes. He's in the summer. Anyway, the idea is they have in the market. And I'm wearing my tank cover because I'm letting it air out. Right. I live in L'Ore. And I live by Miami. I was at these old men's cart. That mountain me as I'm coming out of the mountain. I go, what are you talking about, man? You know, the flag is rising out of it. Yeah. It says freedom on top. And they go, oh, because you know, the flag and sacred and distant. Ah, Jay, Tom, how can we just keep trying to come and come and come over to the Highway. Yeah, but anyway, so I tell, in listen, you know, look at the tattoos. So anyway, bottom line goes the old ago. You shouldn't just create the Cuban flag, just in that right. So I go, man, you got this, this is stupid. I know, one of them comes and soccer punches me on the back. Really? Yeah. We're talking about probably all more tumours. Probably was, you know. Okay, well, don't do it again, pal. And bring this. Okay, well, he was ering it out. What he said, and that's probably really got him upset. We have an open, you know, the diet that those Cubans eat. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, six, and five, six, the and a mobile one line. So the role of the US one in 27, that's a, that's like by the, let me let me let you know. I'm going to grow. Outside the growth. Dad, yeah, where we don't have any audience. What am I going to the growth for? Or we're not moving any merchandise in a grow. But it's not in the growth. I know exactly where it is. Okay, I know exactly. That much just, uh, shell station, right. It has a lot of traffic because of the location. Okay, I'm hoping for the best. I appreciate the fact that it will be very helpful. Whatever we raise, you've got to creep us up there towards the 90,000 mark. And if we can do that by week from tomorrow, we really have a good shot of getting that 100 grand in there for center one. But boy, yesterday, University in Broward, having I always told you, West Broward is where it's at. They looked at the research in the last rating book, Western. That's our hottest zip code for our listeners in West. And we're listening to all places. Maybe even at Guy who Henry Hyde stole his wife that poor old guy. Maybe he's listening up there in West and he'll have much help through these days. We know what's so cold on his up there listening to West and we know that for damn sure. Uh. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pie and tell him. Yes, sir. I agree with you on choking Joe's module. Choking Joe, yeah. Is it a, was that a nickname choking Joe? Choking Joe to mind you're right. Well, now he's choking. Now he's choking Joe. Uh, yeah. Uh, I think 84 years old, hey, he lived a good life. Okay, thank you, sir. There you go. We're taking a poll today and most everybody so far, we have it. One person because we don't have it. We're holding up to be all been out of shape about it. I'm not saying it's a chance for it. And it's a matter of fact, if you're going to die, it would have been much better if you just like, you know, like that in a sleep and never woke up. And they would have had a big article about hey, Joe to mind you that as opposed to this, it lives a bit of tailor kind of thing that's going on. Or it's a soap opera and he's idiots like some of our five year old sports aces on this radio station reading these breathless bulletins. Oh, don't imagine you're making a remarkable comeback. Yeah, right. He's not making a remarkable comeback, okay? Every time he takes a breath without gasping, is it? Oh, he's doing a lot better now, yeah. He's dying. Just get over it. Jesus Christ and Sarah. We have two open lines in day one and a row. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. Do we have a total from then down there or what? Two, six, three. Well, that's not so bad. Not great. It sure is all ain't nothing like we did in plantation. And of course, they will have part one end to everything at the new location. Good. Okay. At US one and twenty seven, seven, seven. Okay, eighty thousand eight oh nine. So we need a couple hundred more in the next hour that will put us over eighty one grand. That will be a good accomplishment for the day. You're just keeping it along, like I said, a thousand and fifteen hundred bucks today all together with the borders and they. And the roggies dot com and with a mail and with the whatever else we got fifteen hundred day we can get to that hundred grand. We just have to keep pushing along and we'll just keep pushing it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Me, sir. How are you doing? Great. You have to tell Andy's a girlfriend and try and eat how to play now. Okay. Um, Joe Manjo. Joe Manjo. Joe Manjo. I'm a little bit scared left. Yeah. That noise with the radio. I heard that for a while. Who breathed out. It was just my radio. Yeah. So now we're bringing attention to it. So now everybody hears it. They're going to say, ah, huh. There it is. I got a digital turn up. So if I go in like the Golden Glades anywhere here, you're completely locked out. The face is going up like gold by commercial in 95. You're talking Haitian all the sudden. Oh my god. Um, I want to add one of the politics. I didn't even work at speak Haitian. Um, I said a Holy shot last time I called you and asked you about the price for, uh, for the Dutch dollars. Right. Right. You said something the other day about $199. What was that all about? What do you believe? I'm going to write here today. Today's the deadline, by the way. When? Today is the deadline. If you want to check it out. Uh, it's the, it departs December 24, 5th and 6th. That 84 Christmas Christmas day and that day after. And comes back to Miami December 30th, 31st or New Year's Day. And it's, uh, $199 bucks round trip round trip. And Martin there, which is a good airline. That's a course of course. But anybody who want to give McCallus a toll free number. Got a pencil got an instrument. Yeah. 1-800-627-8462. Excellent. Okay. You got to come today because it says must be taken by December 11th. This is this be the deadline. Okay. Um, I want to ask you. Do you ever have a bid or is this written such? Speaking of which, they were talking about you yesterday. We're the tons of Joey Reynolds story. Which one? Well, when, uh, they try to kind of try to go for a few of the mediators. I like Joey. Joey tried me to get them fired so we could get the job. I want my own. Yeah, right. Yeah. Joey Reynolds are real, weasel man. A devious, no talent weasel is what he is. I'll be a looks with his buddy. There are Russell and the Oasis. Actually, we did it. He called them and said, hey, they can play. Oh, God, I'm very rich kind of one off as, you know, whatever. Right. Do you have a national ice cream month? Yeah, ice cream month. Yeah, they got a screen for ice cream and the guy's got a real soul. Oh, I'll, I'll dig it up. And, uh, where do you find Hank Goldberg at the buffet table? Okay. Yeah. Ha ha ha. That's not what that's called. Is it national ice cream month? What is that called? It says the AC and thing. I'll find it. Okay. So there's your last thing for arms that I'm, which I can't think of too many places better to celebrate the Christmas. It'll be a little on a chilly side over there. Take your long johns. We have an open line at Broward 560 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Speaking of Hank, he'll be away from the buffet table. And on the year at 2 o'clock today from the studio, No less. Oh, boy. He'll be over there. Oh, he checks from 2 to 6. Boots shall be over. The only orange here at talk host in America. Oh, and at Kaplan will be taken on where they're going to be. Joe D, the over is the under is how far under it's set of and so on. Oh, it's very tasteless. And now it's not. You know, when you did your dead, it's part of the game. Okay. It's the way nature works. You live. You do the best you can. You die. And all these people that though, well, let's don't write. Like that bitch that called about Sonopho. Okay. He's dead. You don't care if they can pose the box or not. He's dead. I wonder when Warren baby dies, it'll be able to close by. I wonder if we'll enroll when he dies. Will they be able to close the box? No. I doubt it. Not from what I hear. Roger show. Now, on 5. 60 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's the water to fill our. He's going away. Now, I wrote. He's the mother of my dream and thought about what he had 3 days. Now, I wrote. He's leaving. Now, I wrote. He's the daughter of the family. All right. Didn't say how to share of neck out of the way I thought. I feel really bad about that. I mean, it was, I would nearly. I would have done it. But I like I said, wasn't such a steady. I will say this about share of neck. He's got good taste. And he probably wasn't buying the meal. He was with a bunch of other people. And Ruth's Chris. I would nearly don't go out of my way to do it. I mean, I mean, they're responsible. He heard this spot on the station all the time. I think because of the fact that I'm here. And I'm here. And I'm all the time. I think that definitely isn't that what's on. But I mean, man, that it's just so great. And these people that are looking for something better. And then something fine. Go there and have a great time. I love Ruth's Chris. In fact, I'm going to, I made a new year's resolution right now. Because back when I was doing the at conferrily seriously, I was eating there a lot. The only thing I don't like about Ruth's Chris, like I said before is where it is. Way over there, like way east, which I live way out with. It takes me as long to get over there as it does if you were coming from Dave County. Which they have that one on 163, which is way over there. I mean, intercostal, which is also way east. Way out there east. That's not my territory, okay? Once you get east to 441, I say, okay, have a nice life. You don't want to talk about east to 441? Is this, uh, those are not, not my people. Okay, where were we going? Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. About time, was there, um, well, I want to see that. Let's do the module. Guys, well, he was a man. But I'm fine. Peestance, right? He was an icon. He was a, uh, whatever he was. He was an ugly guy to play the baseball. And they were all in the middle of the ball. And they were all in the middle of the ball. And they were all in the middle of the ball. And they were all in the middle of the ball. Let him die already, leave him alone. Yep. And the guy fell over there in the hospital. I just wanted to tell him. Okay. Thank you. Okay. You want the cheese? Okay. How's the cheese doing, by the way? Anybody seen him? No. I'll watch Jack Nicholson. No. I'll see him no more. What a great movie that was. Oh, my God. Cook was next. Anybody make a list of the top 10 movies of all time. And he's out. Cook was next. I was going. Oh, yes. And her eyes were like bulging out of her head. That was beautiful. And then of course when they were getting the electro shock therapy. That's American. American medical care for you. By the way, right there, electro shock therapy. How many people have been boochered up and put into a, right? Like one of the candies that Kennedy daughter that was retired into whatever. Remember that? If you read your history book. Yeah, they kind of sent her off for a lot of electro shock therapy. And she became very gentle and very docile. Like kind of like Jack Nicholson and Kukuznet. Now, who's I think that was one of the, I think that was the Kennedy brother's sister. I don't know. Somebody in that family. Those Catholics have so many babies. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. You've had any of your breaks. Okay. Break this. Any's worth, right, I guess. Wait till Cynthia finds out about that. We don't want to hear about any. Anybody that mentions that any anymore. It'll be dumped. Okay. Won't get on here. So it'll waste your time. Now that I understand who I'm dealing with and what it's all about. Now I really realize what it's said. You know, it's amazing. Over the years as you get rid of one, there's always somebody new comes along to replace them. To fill their big shoes with crap, right? We came here over to this station after my seven month paid vacation on which I had a spectacular time. I come over here. Greg from Blaine Beach. We find he's moved up there to port saying loosely. Causes up early along. I, you know, hung up on him. Although we did have a factor in him again the other day. He's embarrassing me through in the waste basket. And don't ever want to hear from him again. We get rid of him. Now we come over to this station. Oh, here's the hockey expert Andy from Hollywood. Who just won't take no for an answer. Okay. Have a great life. We wish nothing but the best. I just want to talk to you. You're a wanting, simple and full on the on the phone. Okay. I don't want to talk to you on the phone or in person. Go away. And as soon as we finally get rid of him, if that's ever possible, there will be somebody else to come along. It'll be a happy on the land here for you to show me whoever the hell it will be. Like we've all said before, there's always one cigarette of wood piles. Always one. Here's coconut growth. Hello. Okay. You must be the one in the growth of the listening. Yeah. The board is here. It's hiding your, your city's under the counter. Under the counter? Yeah. What kind of crap is that? So that's why you're not behind the counter. They're not behind the counter. They're under the counter. So another way you have to go out your way and go in the rex. Yeah. Well, tell everybody to butcher up an axe. Yeah. What do you think about a hogan run for president? What do I think about what? A hogan run for president. Yeah. Okay. We have an open line in date one broad. That was in the growth. Just to figure that out. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Deal. He was trying to see a hogan, but he just couldn't get it on. Yes sir. Speak to me sir. Deal. I got the great deal going to Amsterdam. Yeah, you did. From December 26 to December 31st to 150 bucks round trip. I like the five tickets this morning 10 30. I thought it was one on the line. Well, I went through travel agent. I'm not complaining. Okay. That's still a hell of a deal. It's a smoke and deal. And I went there last year. Same time. We're staying at a... Well, it's an unspoken plane. Well, I got you. I got you. But I mean, you can't beat it for vacation. It's a quick trip over. You can't even fly to Chicago and back up. Right. And the big reason why I'm going is because my mom and my sister are coming down from a place worse than this. If you can imagine, I'll give you one guess. Tampa. Oh, bird New York. Oh, boy. Wow. I didn't know there was anybody left in Auburn. Right. I thought they had to be there to down. Right. So they're coming down. And I'm leaving town. They can stay at my place. Excellent. Good choice. Right. We're going over. We're going to party. So we'll burn. We're going to party. So we'll burn. Oh, boy. Wow. We're going to party. So we'll burn one for you. And we'll be thinking about it. Have a great time. Say out of it. What is over there. I don't think. Yeah. I know I got to get the key. Me. Okay. You got it. Just looking here. Back to legal. Hey, the key actually works. Okay. That's what John tells me. The key actually works. Was I over there at that? Oh, I forget it. But I'm sure that that apartment has got a real narrow winding staircase. Like all the other places in the old places in Amsterdam, which is most of the joints. I can just see how waddling up that real narrow stairway. In fact, that day money to watch that. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. The girl needs to do for the full purpose of donating $40. Right. I went there. I think I know why people probably aren't buying it. The lady took like 20 minutes to figure out how to ring that up. Oh, for crying out loud. What do you got a bunch of rocket scientists over there? I bought a bunch. I bought a bunch. He kept like asking somebody, how do you do this? How do you do this? Hmm. I drink this up. Yeah. I've got to be a honey got it. And I'm really happy. I was left in my ass off all yesterday. Great. And great job. Thanks a lot. Bye. Cheers. Well, there you go. Now we're finding out like, you know, another children in the wood pile. They got people over there. Dodo birds who can't figure out this are, you know, if you're going to be involved if you agreed to be involved in something like the borders people did. And most of the stores have been really up front and great and put a weapon behind the counterware of that concealed. Most of them have been great. But some of the stores and some of the people I work with in those stores, I don't care with you like me or not. This is a charity thing we're doing. They know different what they like me. The fact is that these people should be explained how this thing works. What is going on? It should be like fall mouth a lot. Piece of cake. So you put the money in a separate envelope. You're sticking in your echo. Whatever you do with it. Okay. Just make it easy instead of making it hard. Okay. Leave it to the guys that come in. They'll make it hard. But you will make it easy. God. So in other words, about 150, they'll be showing up at the shelves at US1 and Northwest 20. Not Northwest. It's Northwest. It's Northwest. It's Northwest. It's Northwest. It's Northwest. It's Southwest. It's Southwest. Yes. Southwest. Well, that's why when you said that it confused me because that's what I was just talking about. Southwest 27. And US1. Donner. That's South Miami. It's like borderline. It's like borderline. Gables. South Miami and the Grove. Right? In that area. Where nobody listens to us. 9 minutes after one at 5. 60. WCWN. You. West. 3. 3. West. 3. 3. 6. You're up to the beat, okay? 3. 4. 4. 3. 3. 3. 5. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 6. 4. 5. 4. 4. 4. 5. 8. 4. 4. 4. 4. 3. 3. 7. 8. 3. 4. 3. 7. 4. 6. 9. 6. 5. 4. 7. 3. 6. 5. 7. 4. 5. WHILL mU MISHK I prefer to write me myself. It's 115 and 560 WQM so Sam and Dave, our salmon Chris will be done at the US-1 and South West 27th Ann at about 125 and about 10 minutes and they're going to stay there till we raise a grand today. What they said would take could be there all three in a morning because what do we do 263 if you have the joint something like that? Less than 300. So one thing we find out today is that candle and what what the borders in candle, what are we raised there? Let me take a look 1845. That's not bad. I went to bed and the sales at that candle borders were spectacular the first few weeks so maybe just everybody in candle already got this stuff could that be it? I'm not good at plantations. Planned well plantation was going strong in and last week there were 80 bucks for pieces of merchandise so all of a sudden plantations for a lot of of these I don't know but seven candle right huh? That's are the two big ones. Yeah and for a lot of the borders in four lot of the way we did the first appearance they they're pretty we yeah they do very well. Four lot of the L candle and plantation and surprisingly Boca has had some really a good week too. They love us in Boca they won't call us in Boca but they love us like poison we're going here's a mobile in Miami hello. Hey near that thing yeah I got two things for your real quick. Yes sir. Brookbanks is gonna be on 940 and at four is they're gonna have also got a deal. I bought your CD last week but I'm looking for sales now. No no. No no no no no no no no no you can afford it in LAs somewhere. No can you give me a little fuel handed to the disinfectant case? Are you sure? Yeah everything okay. He's jugged in for fuel okay no they're not going to have to fill 100 CDs no we are not okay we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five six by the way I forgot to mention George is going to be doing the last tap hour the show today because we decided to keep George in practice especially on Friday one I've let the old man out early for half hour in Friday's once in a while not every wait for us in a while. I'm not sure I would add I think it's great. In fact I might I might just be surprising those guys down there I might be zipping down to the way you wish one in 27th Avenue. To be making an appearance with them to try and beat the crap out of these people to help get that thousand bucks today because after seeing the way that mail trickled in here this morning I mean that was pretty weak boys and girls that was pathetic. What's that address again? Checkmate out the center one. Colonel Rogers W2M20295 North West Second Avenue Miami 3-3 169 it's really not that difficult it's easy and I'm waiting to come in here one of these days very soon and see a pile of mail not like two or three letters and have George say wow you see that yeah that's not a stack okay that's another guy used to be a sheriff from Brown County but forget about that stack here's a Fort Lauderdale hello. Joel and Joe still alive. Yeah. Okay whatever they did you're following this we've had about two or three of those today and that's the guy that usually does the real bad poetry anyways and maybe it was a blessing we have an open line of day one at Broward 560 and 560 on the 18t wireless line here's a mobile in Atlantis again. Hey yes sir. You are wondering about the city of Atlantis where is what is that wasn't all I've excited by me know but what is it about on Palm Beach County? Yes it's like right in the middle of Lantana and Lake Worth. Oh okay the menu in the age must be 140. Can foot wall surrounding the whole complex. Yeah that's good. Jail. Golfle Canadian. Boy. You know John John Canadian. John Colon this is retired from the lightning. Right. Is uncley's place at least right. There's a there. Frank of Dory used to be chief referee and he's there and a lot of a lot of frogs. Some head office from there. Yeah but those people you mentioned our frogs there's like our good English people. Oh you're right but there's a lot other frog in there believing. Right I'm sure. And no it's about $35 and $10 and you're right in the middle. Oh yeah okay. Right there and it's just you know it's a little one of the places they got their own police farm on it but you said you used to work at Jano a long time ago. 1975 20 years ago. If I went down there pick up a minute it's not there anymore they destroyed it and put up a 20 story office complex there and I'll put down. More words Jano where do they move it to? Actually at the Joke. It's right off 45 to 95 they're in with Jano and five other stations in a little strip of the letter like warehouse place and the thing is the nice office building where they were night had a nice overlook of the Ever Coast was on there is this doctor's office all that now. But I've been in the old building I can't believe well he's old when you were there I'm sure and I think it was okay. Well no well I was probably that DM I was probably still lingering. What about it? About one. I haven't checked it out. Okay I will. And Ray Whitney what would you do with Adam? Amen. See more. Okay. Okay here we go somebody just packed this a restaurant now what is this from by the way is this from like a real newspaper where if people sent us articles and it would be helpful that this is from either the hero or the Sun sent a lie assume or maybe from I don't know from New Times or a city link how they spell city link SITTY so and how would Brian Murray say that so anyway they're reviewing tropical acres in for a lot of deal which that isn't really for a lot of deal by the way. Topical that's like Davy. That sounds like a written road huh? That's not for a lot of deal. Well anyway it goes on about sounds like a housing development uh-huh and sure it does and probably it's not even more like a landscape when it developed 1949 but it's enjoyed more long jodied than oil three real estate project for some very simple reasons high quality reasonable prices and consistency and it builds itself as broads all the stake in seafood restaurant no one will dispute that they're getting ready for the 50th anniversary it says the kitchen still offers bright unmarried as an upscale appetizer fried mushrooms fried zucchini slices the mushrooms are relatively bland while the mushrooms not trendy a porcini or portobello are lightly coated set of a saw there okay uh the filet mignon is a sizable piece and you'll be a leaner not to place even a cardiologist and it goes on and on they got a large early bird crowd that the only thing I'm going you know the food may be pretty good but they got a large early bird crowd it's not a boy and it says it's not a place for romance or when you find cutting edge cuisine but if you're interested in good service solid reliable food and low prices you come to the right place after 50 years it says tropical acres is still tropical how do you like that three stars they give minus four three being good for being excellent etc so that's not bad three stars sunset from a sunset okay thank you whoever facts that so you people want to go to the Christmas party there you go have no fear because red retool me a dinner last night that they're going to be doing some extra stuff that's bruised it up and they're going to drag out all the old people before our crowd goes in there I'm not going to be able to make that oh you're of course you'll be there of course our George George never misses a female that's one short thing about George he never misses a female and especially when Al Goldstein is catering but tomorrow tomorrow what tomorrow he's having another three meals I didn't even know he was back here now he's back from Amsterdam and then apartment is vacant right now okay I'm let's see what time is it so what are you what are you a smurking about man and apartment over there I can probably stick that key in the front door the rear door the uh... back door that's right he's having another for his fat rich coming to this thing oh I don't know he hasn't I think he's been the last you fact track monday not noticed because it's hard to tell with rich because he was those big baggy shirts like I used to when I weighed 500 pounds but he's actually lost a little bit of weight I think uh and answer to and I think well basically because he only eats the three meals of the track and the rest of which he's starving over there but uh and he's lost a little bit he's no longer in the elbows being catered where I wouldn't say don't forget we got US one and twenty seven to have it oh Sam is going to be there Chris read the nephew we got the QA and family got the best in the old stuff CDs because that's t-shirts we got give away stuff dolphin t-shirts etc and they'll be there until we have total of thousand bucks for the day and like I said they could be there a long time unless you get your ass in gear that kind of thing was bitterly disappointing today you know this would be a fun thing out through the rest of the month to do this because then we'll find out I mean I already could have predicted I knew we had got mean university and borrowed full of our like phone off a log into a lake of okotroman we have no problem at all we know we are giant in that area in fact out you know where they ought to be George for next week one day I'll tell you where they ought to be the shell station across there are not right across but it's on the corner of one thirty six and sunrise and uh right right by uh the new arena by the macarena just kitty corner couple box down from the public store saw grass because that's where all my people are right out there they're shopping at public they're buying fish moots they're buying a guy named a bee strip some Tyson they're buying and Mike Tyson's a stuff years here's a mobile in forlaterdale hello yes sir are you doing buddy great you got a great show you keep me laughing all day all right hey that's when I was out time to leave on uh one in those twenty games leave on one of 48 games is you can go back yeah you want 112 games and that got cappones a pretty to stop about it hey you better be careful when you say about you're the match yo yeah I know well big hand will be sitting on yeah he's in love with that guy is it I mean I know he's a jodie fan the interview to me played that interview which I didn't hear the other day and always the fan of his but the fact is the guy's eighty four years old and he's a former ball player and uh he's dying I mean that that happens to the best of us you know I was at uh I was at a old time or scam at four-lot of the stadium the car was here's going my wife and she was pregnant and uh I tried to get his arm around you and he was going to measure pardon me by jota measure or you yeah I had to stay in jota my show was up in the top of the oh okay I'm a dot yeah and so he wouldn't shake hands with me but he shook hands with my wife so it took her his her hand at the shook her rub all over her stomach and I also know I think my son's gonna break the record this 56 thing and she's oh thank god he rubbed your wife stomach shook her hand at that I took her hand right there I see I got you hey uh that's I want to donate $100 and name my company but I'm not gonna say because I don't want to shame was plugged okay okay thank you so much hey you got a great show keep up thanks a lot the right too how do you like that there's a good guy a lot of infrastructure center one a c-joke hospitals here because George is gonna be doing the lines path all of the show today and so now all these all these million calls we got in the board all three of no big one all these other four language speaking people not that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that I call that a call that I call that I call that I call it now really disappointed with that turn out down in candle today boy you could have slapped me right up the side of the head and of course not the moving closer to the grow because they know we got no audience here whatsoever in the grow nobody not even old jack cam but not fat old jack cam but that queen even now he ain't listening no more well you know you have to move on you have to develop new people because the old people are leaving the lurch you know like the not so any lady some more old friends like a roberto that you make all those great cassette tapes used to be a groupie maybe he found a life you know maybe found a boyfriend whatever it'll happen you have to move on and develop new people because the old ones they they turn on you like cornered rats low or both of them what is that fat the guy in the nadler guy I don't think he's gonna make it I don't think he's gonna make it through the week low 125 at 560 WQF feeling stupid I know I am you're a mean one in the secret you really are you you're a sputley as a cactus you're a charming as any mystic you're a bad banana with a greasy black beer so do you know who that is by the way does that voice Chuck Hassella no okay I don't know his name that's Tony the Tiger same voice you're a monster mr. dreams I saw some professional one hey I fired that off because I got accused of being a grinch a lot over the Santa Claus thing which Neil was talked about for years and in all the years that he has spoken about it I get to hear one parent call up and say no we don't lie to our children about Santa Claus that's why I get accused of being a grinch and a grouch and a scrooge which I'm not even though I'm a fiesta agnostic you know I don't celebrate Jesus' birthday I don't cop out on Christmas because it's a party it's another excuse for a party where there's booze and food usually I'm not the one paying for it I say usually because you know the big you and family party and lots of people throw parties can you get to suck up a lot of free food and booze and why would you pass that up you know even if you weren't celebrating Jesus's birthday nothing mentioned the Hanukkah thing so I don't have a problem with the holidays season or the whole Christmas thing and I used to go caroling can you believe that has you know anyone who's ever been caroling neither do I except for the people that I used to go caroling with obviously up north walking around through the snow I would lose something down here I could imagine and you don't have to get shot somebody knocked on your door and there was singing you would just blow them away down here but I like you know the whole Christmas giving gifts in the party thing and we sing caroling and I have a stack of Christmas CDs that really fix that including all this kind of stuff I really put that here we have I got a whole new badge of Christmas to do from my train community by the way which I'm adding to my question is about this six months I'm having my finger in my heart and I'm sorry I heard this before I'll be going to turn out for all of you guys salmon nephew are there right away oh good but it's Vans both vans 27th Avenue and US one big fat shell station I hear it's raining but don't let that deter you please they say they're going to stay there until they raise a thousand bucks do you think that's true do you think that they will a actually raise that much money or do you think that they'll stay past two o'clock if they don't what do you think I don't know you don't know but I damn sounded very enthusiastic he said he was a huge joke about this whole thing so please go down there and patronize us center one by the crap it's good crap it's worth it just for the money even if you don't care about other human beings it's worth it these CDs especially part two which I put together on a little bit biased about that only because it's got outtakes on it it's got neol saying all the words that that we all love to hear we can't say on the radio it's got neol saying and over and over and over and over again that's the better one yeah well see it so that's a tough choice if you like that kind of stuff then yes it's the better one but part one has all of the really good bits from the show not that part two doesn't have bits from the show unbelief and uncensored by the way but if you go down there make any kind of a donation whatsoever they give you some free crap besides like a dolphin shirt so please everyone drive down there he doesn't believe that the who he was listening well I mean let me rephrase that he believe that they listen but he thinks that it's all they're all closet cases they won't call in the you know and identify themselves without throwing the bags thing and at the end they won't show up at the appearances they won't patronize the charities even though the Cubans are big charity donating type people that's what Carol was telling us the other day is that they get way more donations from date counting than they do anywhere else I don't know what these people want to talk about so I'm just gonna hang up on them because they're they were on hold for Neil and we're not gonna talk about Joe Dimaggio so off you go I want to hear from some people as horrible you know sorry oh oh by the way I want to send a very special Christmas wish out to that nice lady who likes the tapes better than me Merry Christmas and you because uh and I don't I don't take that as an insult when people like the tapes because I work really hard on the tapes to make them really lean and mean and fast and furious and and leave all the good stuff in so it actually makes me feel good when people say that they like the tapes because I work hard to that end but nevertheless and and by the way it's total myth that I make the women wait longer than the men if anything I put them on faster even though this phone system makes it difficult to do that so I want to hear some from from some people who also don't lie to their children about Santa Claus and I don't understand why that whole thing is nothing personal about Saint Nick I was born on his birthday the December 6th the Saint Nick's Day is is my birthday so I you know don't have a personal problem with the man Turkish bishop that he was but I don't understand why we have to lie to our children about it I give the kid the loot I want the credit for it I want the kid kissing my ass all year long for Christmas presents I don't want to hurt a kiss some invisible man's ass on the North Pole or something like that I don't understand that and people people who I know who are atheist and agnostic have rags on me for not not the plotting my kids had with all the Santa Claus bullcraft and oh you're going to disillusion her about Christmas I'm not going to disillusion her about Christmas I'm not going to illusion her in the first place it's Christmas it's some dead guys birthday who said be nice to each other and they killed him so we're going to exchange loot it doesn't make any sense to me but pass the agnog and the food and the ham and the turkey so that's my whole big Christmas beef thing I don't believe in lying to children I want to have some credibility with my child when I tell her things later on I don't want her to be able to say back to me well yeah dad but you lied to me about that whole Santa Claus thing for no good goddamn reasons they don't care trust me I asked all of them all the children of the world I asked and you care when you get them in tendos that you care if it says from Santa or from mom and dad you care and they said we don't give a sh** just you know plug it into the TV for me as quickly as you can mobile and homes that hey George I hear you man you know I want to create a two you know I'm going to get I want somebody taking the credit for you know right yeah I like to master card in Santa Claus is going to get the credit that's around so everyone and both sides of the family the specs of the hips give me a hard time about it people people that are friends that are young people like really revolutionary minded people that I know they give me a hard time about it oh Christmas without Santa Claus is like is like Christmas without Santa Claus I don't get it but now I you know I just want to say good dear voice again man for you get that lady you know thank you very much yeah I'll let you voice anytime better than to the taste oh all right I'll let you thanks a lot all right we got one although I don't know if he said he was a parent or what to deal is that's one of the the team one of the promotions to ask Sam he wants to make sure that he'll not really go and buy there we like to do a media that they it's uh I don't know where Neil went he just said hey it's Friday you know I want to get the hell out of here do you think no of course you're here they're not going to buy that running to the audience is not my bag anyway no he just Sam Sam bought it you was a friend he said he would pretend like he was working so he can't why would anybody be afraid of him mobile in my any hello mobile hello yeah um how are you doing George okay listen um my son you know his mother's Jewish and I'm Catholic and we don't talk about um you know Santa Claus and don't oh my god no no we just tell him how it is you know we tell him that's just uh advertising for people go out and spend like a special layer of hell just for people like us no there is private their children of the myth of Sandy Claus right and another point I want to make I'm a who do you on my Republican but uh I'm also I buy stuff from Neil like Neil all the time uh Neil says the truth I uh I'm gonna listen to him on the car radio and I agree with a lot of his points hmm I mean tell you at one point you know this I'm I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna jump ship because I've been watching this uh Clinton stuff with the Republicans yeah I'm this is the best thing that the uh the Republicans gonna jump I mean very popular ridiculous crap writer shooting their foot and I'm jumping ship I'm gonna shoot in their feet yeah I'm gonna become a democrat because uh it's just there there you go they don't get it they really think that uh the American people care about uh you know monkey business behind closed doors it man they're behind the times it's been way behind they're showing the people how out of touch they were we always suspected it but now they're proving it you're right George have a great day George thank you very much and Mary exodus that's a that will boy that you know that pisses the Christians off a lot the whole exodus thing you're taking the Christ out of Christmas so I go to great lengths to uh use exodus whenever possible because it is exodus it's just like ex-excuse for a party oh there you go and then ex-excuse for a party any excuse mobile in whether help mobile an Oakland Park hello there's a link thing that you're if you're going you a whole attitude aesthetic you little stick war on and is that it thank you very much see their joe I was just telling you the other day that's how you know that you're on the right track that's like the i-95 north sign if you want to go north it's when you piss people off no there's nothing I don't know about you uh I don't even know what he was you sound like a New Yorker oh that's what it was a throwback to the New York day when I was ripping the New Yorkers go back it's nice and cold up there for you for a lot of day hello hello hello are you okay um yeah I want to comment about this Santa Claus thing okay please I have just just today for the first time a couple of people that don't play that game yeah well I'm a father five oh wow and on a young dad 35 jesus christ yeah well actually six but uh I have three boys and three girls but this is the gig okay I've been listening me for a long time you might be the guy named Alan Bird from Denver they got shot for doing what he does right but uh uh I love listening to because he's still controversial yeah I'm about to Santa Claus and uh yeah I think it's a big choke and I think it like really pees me off I don't know if I can play that over over the radio and I just if you are yeah pisses me off real bad you know a lot of because when I was a kid like my mom and dad hit from me and like you know tell I was like 14 years old I thought that was a Santa Claus yeah and like and then I found out and I'm like oh great you need to get a cover I just told my kids right I have a talk from 12 to 2 they arranged I just told them early on I said look whole Santa Claus thing is a big joke and it's always been afraid of Santa Claus like he goes to the party and he just posted sit down and Santa Claus oh yeah screen do the screen forever never does that they want to get away from these people right they think they're creeps so that's what I'm saying not a miss with you today about the Santa Claus beautiful and uh I just think it's I think this whole Christmas for you the big joke okay I really did thank you very much yeah I did not joke but with that I'm not gonna pass up any excuse for a party or any excuse where people even if it's fake acting nice to each other for one day out of the year you're gonna say that's okay with me 20 till 2 on 2 a.m. hey everyone Roy Foster here yeah you used to do a big co-boss there but now work here you're listening to the most straight-up person I know George got all year long he's busy making toys for all the little girls and the little boy he puts them in his sled and gives his whip a cracker on thunder on blitzon but never on smack cuz Santa does it top out on Joe no it's the ever even tried well you know the answer snow oh it's a little kiddie he is my point just leave him cooking he's leaving John the Santa Claus turns off and then he is home wait watching you with that turn off all Christmas day 13 so 250 50 w q a m5 670 560 on the AT&T wireless line 478 dollars people must be just throwing changes they drive by 478 dollars at the uh at the van location 27 Avenue in US one in my amni so go down there and see those guys please prove the old man wrong that the sticks actually do support charities that he supports they do support charities just not anyone that that he's behind lady and perine hello lady and perine hi George hi I just want to tell you I totally agree with you on the Santa's really so yeah thought I was all alone and I it's wrong I don't know anyone it's felt like lying you know and my feeling is they have a wonderful Christmas and they're getting off as a loop they don't have to but the only thing is when they're little yeah that makes you tell them that like some of their classmates believe it because you don't want that you're in conversation about Santa as we did about the god thing before she went to the we had a talk about it don't talk about the god thing people will be with a rock right so the family thought it was crazy right oh yeah cousins believe so when they had to understand it until it had but you know what it made them feel so adult yeah and we were just talking about it the other day and now what's going on there that was a no anyway um now they think it's wonderful they think it's wonderful that I never lied to them that's bizarre and the thing about it that's hypocritical because if you believe in God you tell your kids about God obviously the adults know that there is no Santa so it's an outright law you know it's terrible and I was one of these more lines that never questioned it and I believe it's so long that my mother had to kind of tell me and I'm so remember feeling rotten yeah every kid every kid that told about her I had a weird thing my mom used to and she was a throwback she used to talk about the three kings which something that they do in Cuba don't even do that over here they talk about Los Raya so that was like the guisional yeah and I talk about nobody over here even heard of that so my mom had zero credibility with me anyway I didn't buy anything that came out of her mouth but anyway thank you very much okay I don't feel so bad now just to show what a non-screwed I am I'm taking the family the kid and a friend to the nutcracker ballet and I paid money for the ticket extra money I called front row and got good seats to get really nice front and center right by the orchestra pit because they wanted to go see the nutcracker which and I you know and I dragged my heels I didn't want to go to the ballet because it's the ballet but the nutcracker you know it's good music anyway if you like that kind of stuff I think it was my first record that was given to me as I was when I was a little kid my aunt who defines Christmas for me because I never would have gotten anything good if it weren't for my aunt my mother's sister coming through for me every year she gave me the nutcracker record the sweet which is you know the greatest hit version of the ballet so this thing better not be boring tonight and I should bring a book should not the ballet bring a book and a pen and a book I'll bring my laptop but I just got my aunt me hello I'll take that break my aunt you know thanks a lot these are the the the gay the little gay trio that hate Neil that are better in sex within I wear his flesh like that buffalo building you didn't see silence of the lamb the whole way through and so while me and Neil are beat red in the face laughing at that it puts the notion in the basket you're not getting it you're not getting it funniest bit we've had in a month I don't get it and I so you're gonna go you're gonna go get it this weekend like the movie right now that's in leaving right let it watch it as a matter of fact while you're watching it when the line comes up in the movie when it all comes together that's when you'll lose it people will wonder why you're laughing at this horrible horrible scene in the movie and you'll be the only one that knows okay yeah towards the end of the show we have to take these break ten-tilt to