Sports Radio 560 WTOM. Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rowerton or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08. Barricades, F-8-0. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas Carols, but I'm Neil now. No one has ever written all of this. That's what is that. What is that? What is that? Wait a minute, one moment please. Are we back in at this again? It's December the 7th of day that'll live and infamy? Well, what is that? What have we got going on? You want to turn your monitor down so you don't freak yourself out. That was what was happening during my very first show. What do you mean? This is what we were getting. What do you mean, freak myself out? In other words, it's not on the ear like that? Sure it is. What are you saying? It's just coming back to us like that in the monitors. Yeah. And what? Oh my god. Oh, there it goes. No, I just put the other shut it off in the station. What about the overhead? No, there it is. We still got the overhead. Oh, so anyway, happy in New Year. So what's that going on here for crying out loud? What is going on? Technically, every time you come in here on a Monday after some psychotic weekend, you sit down, you're getting ready to do a show and you come on and hello. And, but I mean, but it all kind of crap going on. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas Carol. But I feel that no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said, I don't feel that. Introducing, kind of, get Carol's on TV. And it's always like that Christmas is thanks to them. Think new. Oh, you're a little bit less now than your love of you. Kind of like a Carol's on TV. Things like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season on the day. May of honor, my mother, hey, okay. I'm so proud of her. So it's a lot of fun for corn preaching. But I forgot a lot of fun. And if you're tired of the old traditional song of the holidays, here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know. You better buy tips and get them on sale. You know what we think you may be saying. Next time, it's coming. So, how do you tell some TV? It's the holiday collection. We just can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I can't open it. I promise. I would shut up and nouveaux the whole county. You know what's going on. That's when it's Christmas. It's getting a couple dollars for the abbiamo. It turns down even bit closer and less than became мо guess. No. Get it pulled on a mass pound. Isn't it comfortable to start cotton? It cuts it up, take it, put it on a bottle of honey. out of the closet buddy, congratulations to you sweetheart. He's finally out of the closet. A guy who used to call me years ago to try to suck information out of me for stories for a funny, baloney stories he was writing. And then a guy who likes an article a couple of years ago, well, Neil Rogers is not the voting rules. He hasn't voted years, which of course I've told you I haven't voted years. But anything to try to make me look bad, okay? And then of course, this is the guy who was famous years ago for the radio pedophile ring, which didn't just get in his own little stupid column in the Sun Sentinel, but made the front pages of a major newspaper was there any such scandal? Did we ever get any names? No. He information? No. He details? No. Like I said at the time, fantasy. Hocus Pocus. And Saturday he starts out his column by saying, come on, let's give Hyzinga a break for baby. Forget about the marlins as buddy nebons, forget the stall price of the Republican history stock. Broward County owes billionaire H Wayne Hypinga a debt of gratitude. Without Hyzinga who is selling the marlins at owns Republic, the county wouldn't have a 200-bed shelter for the homeless. Hyzinga reached in his pocket and donated a million dollars to a construction of the 9.4 million dollar shelter. He coaxed this friend to kick in millions more. He has even pledged an extra million dollars to a construction of a second shelter in North Broward. Critics, the corrosive radio host Neorodges is one, can't say anything nice about Hypinga. They say a million dollars to Hyzinga is like a hundred dollars to the average person. But Hyzinga's gift is even impressed others in the $100 million plus crowd, says developer Ron Burjuron, when a guy reaches in his pocket and pulls out a million dollars, it's something big. I don't care how much he has. Will the unfortunate to Panhandle at the exit of I-95 suddenly disappear? No. A percentage won't give up their booze at their crack. They like it better on the streets, says buddy Neves. But thanks to Hyzinga, those who want help can get some, it's an example of a private public partnership that works. End of quote in spite of that corrosive radio tacos Neorodges. Now, if interesting what the topic is here, okay? It's about the homeless. How many years long before anybody in this town ever heard of Wayne Hypinga? How many years was our raising money for Camelos, Thouston homeless? Going back to I-N-Z, Zeta, I-O-D. How many years? And probably raised over a million dollars for the homeless. Now, I didn't reach into my own pocket because I didn't have it. I did reach into my own pocket and give out five or ten thousand dollars here, and also raise hundreds of thousands from our listening audience. Did buddy Neves ever write a word about that? Did anybody in the sub-centre lever write a word about that? No. See, I don't do these charity things every year for Brownie Points because if I would be doing that, I would have given up on it a long time ago. Just like that great piece on Channel 10 with Diane Magnum. You know, when they do the piece on 40 from my 100, showing what a great guy he is, oh, he's speaking, you know, he had a drug habit years ago and he goes and speaks to these kids who've got drug problems. That's great. That's wonderful, okay? I never had a drug habit. I didn't have a booze problem, so I can't call it talk to alcohol or should drug addict, so I try to find a charity that I can raise money for that I believe in, okay? Did Diane Magnum mention anything about our Center One campaign and that piece on Channel 10? No. Did anybody say on that piece or by the way, you can go to borders and pick up your best and deal and the money goes to Center One or real great charity? No. And it no. So that's why ordinarily I would read this thing and I would just say to myself, oh, there's my good friend buddy Neves again, taking a little bit of a shot. But I have to write it a second time and a turd and a fourth. I said to myself, here we go again, another newspaper asshole in this town. And you know, something if we didn't have some help and we said, we sent out our believe it or not as hard as it is to believe they sent out press releases to the media about how much we've raised so far and about the Center One campaign and about you can pick up the best deal at borders and Yadiyada Yadiyada and what we're doing our appearances. They sent out those press releases to be able to make it in a newspaper or on TV. Is there any one person in this goddamn town? I'd radio on television on other than this station, of course, in the news papers that has one word of promotion or thanks to gratitude, raising positive to say about the money we raised for charity including all that money we raised for the homeless. No. But Wayne Hipinga, see, I'm going to tell you something right now. When you've got a billion dollars, I don't care who you are, you give a lot of money to charity and then they build statues and monuments to you and they puff up your ego and they're right big stories in the news papers because the number one is the tax break and number two it's a good public relations. And maybe Wayne does care about the goddamn homeless. I don't know. I've never seen the command more than 100 yards away in my life. Maybe he does. If so, more power to him. And then of course, buddy's got to put this stupid stupid thing in it. Well, a percentage of the homeless won't give up their booze of their crack. They like it better in the streets. That old bull crap, you know, about how, uh, there's so many of their homeless people about their because they want to be. You're talking about maybe a few insane people, okay? People who are mentally ill who need to be dragged off the streets, you're talking about a handful of people. But buddy, Evan is an expert on the homeless. And he's such an expert that he doesn't remember that we ever raised penny one, penny one, dime one for Camilla sauce and the homeless in Dave County. You can give all the credit you want to win and we can cry and whale that he's so abused. So put him at least you guys are putting in the goddamn paper all the money he's raising, okay? And peeing on his leg all over the guy down, plays, and fight it. It's fight of the fact that he screwed the sports fans in his town, something fierce that everybody knows and rips them off and rapes them. It's part of the fact that he made his fortune by squeezing all kinds of little guys in a garbage business and in the video business squeezing them out of business. No, we don't want to hear about those things because he never stole a freight train. Not yet. Maybe when he figures out how to do that, he'll be doing that next. But this is what this is the kind of assistance you get in the media in this town. When you try to do something charitable, okay? Instead of somebody putting in there, oh well, you know, New York Rogers at WQA is raising all kinds of money for set of water for Camilla sauce or whatever it is. And here's how you can help. It's that a doing that. Here's another goddamn shot. Which I'm used to by now. But you're full of crap, buddy. Never mind. You're just another little league asshole. You fit it perfectly over there at that newspaper, okay? You fit in like a rubber glove. Corrosive radio host whose only raised a guarantee of we raised well over a million dollars for these charities last dozen years. And donating not only the cash that I donated out of my pocket, which proportionally by the way since I don't have a billion dollars, is probably right up there with Wayne proportionally to what I'm worth. And all the time that I donate like if you're given away my weekends, like I did again here on Saturday. Half a dozen, eight, nine, ten times every year. Not one single ward in one newspaper in this town in all those years. Not one thinking. Oh, word. So thank you, buddy. Evans. And thanks to the sun sent me for your tremendous assistance and help on our center one campaign. Okay. And blow it out your ass, buddy. 10 minutes after 10 at 5.50 WQA, where do you go when you feel unlucky? Hollywood's seminal gaming, which brings to mind to words, cash and excitement. Hollywood's seminal gaming's got 550 gaming machines, which play out big time, including a special bank of machines, would jetpots start again 100 grand, building as high as 389 grand. Hollywood's seminal gaming offers all the great poker action. Seven cards stood on the hall, high low, Texas hold them, 7034, as well as weekly poker tournaments and daily in the determinants, a lot kinds of buy-ins and rebuts for the experience player or the novice. Play Hollywood's seminal gaming's four daily sessions of ice-dakes, bingo 11 15 in the morning, 37 15 1045 and a PM. Don't forget the Hollywood's seminal gaming mommy-duffin goal rushes still going strong, registered by filling out an entry form, known as the This Week's Duffin Game Hero on QAM, and you could take on this week's jackpot of 50 250 bucks. It's all weight nine, yet Hollywood's seminal gaming on the corner 440 and Sterling Road open, whenever you're in the mood, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, tons of free parking, even Valley Park in weight nine, you too. South Florida's most exciting place to hit the big jackpot. It's Hollywood's seminal gaming. This is 560 2AL. Where did you find it? Tablin, White Square, you got it. Sports radio 560. QAM, what a show. What an embarrassment. A-soul, A-soul, that way high-famous such an A-soul. O-heel that sandwich, that three-year turn, because he would take a shower with his ankle burps, asshole, asshole, each week high-famous structure asshole. He's just like Hitler, M-A, he's a frog, what's that? He's pound day gone. A-soul, A-soul, baby, it's the winter sensual A-soul. He only thinks there is love to say, I go away. 10 17 at 560, W-2N, here's our good-bye zone, Nick, from our cigar joint owner, how are you doing Nick? Hey, how are you? Okay, you know I just wanted to bring up your attention, I keep getting these letters from the Florida family association. Do you know who they are? Yes. I mean, it's incredible. I mean, I've called the guy David Kent in the president. It's not, and I'm looking for a plug or anything, but I mean, this is almost harassing. And basically now he's saying, well, you're a leading advertiser in a Neil Rogers show, so we're going to write every company around the United States or in the state of Florida and let people know that you're advertising what a bad guy you are. Yeah. Even though we might be different, you know, everybody's different, what they believe. But you know, it's our first and then the right to be different, and I respect you, and I'm sure you respect me if we are different. I mean, it's a good point where it's almost harassing. I get a letter from these people every week about you and you and not, and not, and not. You know, something Nick, with all the respect is very easy when you consider the source, and you put the letters in a circular file where they belong and just ignore them, because they've been doing this for years and years and years. They've got a small handful of misfits. They like to represent themselves as some big organization that's got thousands and thousand of members. You could fit in a broom closet, in your back, and one of your cooling drying rooms back there, you could fit their whole organization and everyone for the Chinese army left over. All right. So I really wouldn't pay that much attention to them. Oh, I would just want it about it. I wouldn't dignify them with that much of a response. I think it seems it's almost harassing. I don't think it's good for Nick's cigar company or for you guys. But I mean, if you think that her fair about like that, I'll just discard it. But I mean, since it's almost the last, you know, as we got more commercials on this radio show that you shake a cigar at, you shake a panitella at, I mean, we're just loaded with spots including yours. And there isn't anybody paying any attention them. So no, there's any sleep over them. I won't. Okay, Nick. Thanks a lot. Have a great one. Take care, YouTube. Bye bye. You had the American Fendi a thumbs-up. Sorry, the Florida Family Association, because there are no longer associated with the American Family Association, because maybe they don't have enough members. They went bankrupt and whatever else. Okay. Wouldn't really lose any sleep over them. Or buddy Neven's by the way. See, one consistent thing in this planet is if you tell it like it is, and if you criticize the media, they're not going to give, which is fine with me. Okay. I'll raise whatever money I can do. I'll do the best I can without funding Evens assistance. Without the assistance of the Miami-Hero, this comes sentinel. I can, you know, all these years, I've managed somehow to raise plenty of money without your help. This year we could use some help, because by frankly, it's going really slow. I have no idea what we've got at this point. Probably around 75 grand. And today is the 70s. We got three weeks to go. And the reason I said a goal originally for a center one this year of 200 grand, you always said a goal that's high. I mean, any fundraiser, you always said a goal that's high. And you're, you know, probably not going to obtain it. But I did that because we weren't on the year last year. We didn't have a fundraiser. We had two volumes this year, which are both great. Two CDs and two cassettes. And I'll touch you. We ought to raise a lot more than usual, because we didn't have anything at the pedal to these past year last year. And man, oh, man, it's like pulling teeth, pulling teeth, borders all over town, pointing beach, Fort Lauderdale, Kendall, Aventure, a cross brings coconut grow, vocal plantations. You can walk right in there, whereas you're best to need to take a look at the stuff that's on the back, which one you want, or maybe both. And the thing that really gets to me, when you stop and think about this, 75,000 may sound like a lot of money with almost a month to go. But the fact is when you take out the cash, including my donation and the people of the station and other people I know and another gentleman in the brought me Chris, thank you by the way, brought me $100 check a donkey game, sir. Tonight, thank you very much. When you take that, out, maybe we got about 60 grand left that we've raised. And then, of course, you come to you stop and think of all the people that have shown up at these appearances, like Saturday and Chills, and they bring up a handful of cassettes or CDs, usually CDs. So there are people who are buying three and four and five. You follow what I'm saying. So when you narrow it down and do the arithmetic on it, the number of people who are actually interested in any of the stuff that we've got, or interested in helping us out, is minimal. It's embarrassing is what it is. It's embarrassing to me. Here's our updated total. This is I speak. I was pretty close. Good guests. Thank you. $75,269 bucks. And today's the 7th of December. Although we still have some stories from last week to report in from La Kindle, I've been sure a grow book in plantation from borders. So maybe we're getting up closer to 80 grand. But I'll hear, I'm going to tell you something. We're going to raise $100,000 for center one by the end of this month this year. If I have to get on my hands and knees, if I have to go down to the Sun Sentinel building and act like some homeless Leper on a street corner and get a 10 couple of canters something, if I have to go out there raise it myself. Because it's inexcusable and a town of this size, I'm sure with an audience to this size, including the TV show, which I noticed last week, they had me pitching for this one night on that thing, which they could be doing a lot more to help suit by the way, over there on whammy. Yeah, I know. Excuse me. Getting emotional. I'm getting carried away. But it's just really, you know, again, I'm not looking for gratitude and I look for anybody to kiss my ass. But to go out of your way to take a shot at me because I despise Wayne Hypinga. And I tell a like, he doesn't know the only one. I've been doing it longer than anybody in this town. I've exposed him for what he is. Okay? A fakeer going to sharpen and a money grabber and a user. So to have to go out of the way to like take a shot buddy, Nevenz, you little put you in. And by the way, we're still waiting to hear the details of your radio pedophile ring from 10 years ago that you fantasized that you must have had some kind of a psychotic neurotic dream one night, some kind of a nightmare. And by the way, buddy, how much have you given to help the homeless? That's what I think. Why let's see that in the newspaper tomorrow? How much money have you raised with your newspaper and your column over there? How much money have you raised that help get the homeless people off the streets? Or to help any other worthwhile charity? How much have you raised, buddy? Inquiring minds would like to know sitting in your little ivory tower over there with your bull crad. Like I said, we're going to get to the 100 grand total if it's the last god damn thing I do, which means we've got probably over 20 grand to raise in three weeks. Can we do it? Cool knows. We're going to do it. You can call center one at nine five four five six three thirty six hundred and order your best of the CDs and cassettes. Five six three thirty six hundred or you can hop right on our website on neowodgers.com and order right over the unit. Neowodgers.com. It's right there. Ericsson a great job up in Orlando putting their website together. All the information is right there. But man it is raising money in this town like squeezing blood out of a turnip. It's almost impossible. It is difficult and gets more difficult each year. Each year goes by. The small handful are really good people out there that dig into their pockets and they come up with a cash. Yeah, including a lot of people by the way who aren't loaded with all kinds of money. But the 95% of the audience that we can't get to for a dime that's the sad part. That's the tough part. Try to reach to them and it's not like we're asking for something for nothing. Go out there and get yourself a CD that's loaded with all kinds of great stuff on it for 20 bucks. And all these experts you know, it's interesting how many experts we've got in this building who've never been involved in this kind of a campaign before. I'll tell you oh when you know as usual and there's your overreacting getting all worked up you know it's the holidays now is you know they've been as you know we started out with gigantic because it just makes common sense when the merchandise first comes out there's a huge rush and a tremendous percentage of the people who want it they go out and they buy it and then it's kind of like the law of diminishing return as time goes on toward the end of any fundraising campaign. It's not like well everybody's not shopping now. So they're going to be rushing out there to buy the best and yield stuff because it's the shopping season and it's the holidays. And of course what a spectacular job bias to our sales department ourselves manager especially and getting in all those major malls from a mendous job getting us in those major malls. Our last appearance by the way will be in two weeks Saturday December 19th at the borders in plantation between noon and two which is where about 80% of our audiences out there in West Broward. Here's a call from Los Angeles. Hello. Hey Leo. Yes sir. How to go in. Okay. I just want to say that I'm not even working right now and I still scrape some way to get your CDs. So how about that? Thank you so much. Very welcome. I'm calling from Los Angeles. Sock's out here. Yeah. So all those people that Belly ate about South Florida and they want to move here tell them who wants to move out there. Why don't anybody want to move there? Well I thought it was better out here and I was here for a year and I just took my brains out. No use to do better Okay. Thank you. How have a great day. Oh God. Oh. Okay. Thanks for the help of the CD pal but get a life. He's not a work but he's making little he's got a little sound effect. That's a good idea by the way those key chains. Key chains with little buttons on him. One of which would say no. Another one might say back to him. Another one might say. Yeah. Cute stuff like that. Another one might say okay. Yeah. Anybody out there make those and know where we get those? That's a real great. Of course that might be a promotional item. We don't want to have too many around here. Do it. Oh we don't want to get carried away now. You're losing your perspective, Neil. You're losing your grasp on reality. 1026 to 560 WQA. I'm going to come to gift giving. We're always told us the thought that counts, right? But isn't it the taste that we met at least when you're talking food. We're talking about how long they gifted to the gifts from Hopster Restaurant Bar and Brewery. And right now get a free $20 certificate every time you buy $100 and gift certificates. Big companies, small companies, families and friends. Everyone is saving money with Hopster special holiday offer and Hopster gifts are available in 1025 and $50 denominations from fresh seafood and pasta to choice. We'll master stakes and delicious chicken dishes to Hopster digital handcrafted microbe rubbers. Everything is made fresh from scratch. Holiday gifts are to get from Hopster because it's the taste that it really matters. Not to mention a great free $20 bonus offer too. So we had to hopster and call Springs Pointing Beach do or Pompatobie's West Palm Beach Plantation Pepper Pines and the Falls Kindle. Happy holidays from our friends at Hopster. America's original microbe brewery restaurant. This is 560, 2 a.m. It's the dolphin's engine. They're showing on at the pro Sunday night. Countdown to kick off starts it for the games that a 20 with bills difference in manage making a call. On Sports Radio 560, 2 a.m. No, just in time for the holidays. The record offer you've always feared. It's Christmas with cowboy jigs. Oh, there's no McDonald's. Down on their throne. That's that farm, Terry Bow. I won't fart me. Cowboys, Christmas giftless includes cowboy clones. You'd love to run man. Looks like a spray. That's Christmas for me. We're not planning our crazy games. You'll barely tolerate these jewels from the Umbrey who sold fewer records than the cow's ill. But the Franko family and Bobby Goseboro Christmas properties like the fuel truck song. Well, that's no comment down. May that view Trump's in the round. Let's use it called again. There's nothing like hell snow cone on your own last five years. I'll also take a little joy on your holidays. Call now for cowboy jigs, Christmas giftless. Let's celebrate it with the X in your X. All right. What is it? 130? God, the time is flying by 1035.60 WCOM. I'm going to do something that I haven't done, which I probably should have done back at the beginning of October when we started this year's center one fun razor. And that is give out the address here. Because unfortunately, the other joint at least they didn't have to have a street address was very simple. And we used to get checked in a mail, especially when we did Camilla's house. But if you want to set us a check for 10 bucks or 50 bucks or 100 bucks or five bucks, whatever you can afford for center one, it helps us get to that 100 grand by the end of this month, which believe me it's going to be a major miracle. It's going to be difficult to do it. But I've just made my god damn mind up. Just make the check out the center one, two words, center one for whatever amount. And mail it to Neo Rodgers WCOM 20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami and the ZIPIS 31369. See, it's not an easy address. That's the problem. Neo Rodgers WCOM 20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami and the ZIPIS 31369. And I'm talking about people who aren't, you know, not interested in CDs or because that people would just want to help us out and write a donation for whatever they can afford. Because we ought to be sitting up. And then we got that envelope the other day and I got all excited and I thought, gee, somebody actually sent me a check and they did, but was that a capon, which I think can perfusely, that's great. But in other words, it was somebody within the radio station, not somebody in the audience. Have we gotten any checks in the mail from anybody in the audience? This, no. No. And like I said, it's partly my fault problem because I haven't been getting that address. If I've been given the address out every day, we probably be inundated with, uh, with, uh, surely would. Wouldn't we be inundated? No. Well, like trickling. And I'm sitting here and I'm looking at volume one. I mean, volume two is like a little x-rated and got me a thing all kinds of four that awards and some, nothing, nothing, nothing is sent to that I'm volume two, everything unexperated in the original, uh, uncoversions. But I'm looking at volume one and the stuff that's on here playing bagpipes, the abonic scratch with a bonnick's name game, big black guy named Ben Eisen Carlarm, Bafangula, Aikman, whose deck is bigger. I mean, every single, uh, a good by WIOD, the airbie single piece that we put on here is a classic. Is a Barney takes a dump. Stuff that people call here for, uh, Gangeb. Good. Virgin Mary, stuff that people call here for to hear every single day of my life. So you ought to be rushing. You ought to be in the car right now. You ought to be zooming to borders, whichever one is nearest by you and getting a fistful of CDs and cassette for yourself and for how they gift into the kids at school and for whatever else. Shouldn't be any big trick to raise 100 grand. And yes, it is more difficult on this radio station. So we, because, this is, they only show over its kind on a station. This isn't a job show, okay? And we don't have anybody else on this radio station who does this kind of a show. So it was a result, uh, we don't have the best of, uh, Geldi and the best of, uh, you know what I'm saying? We don't have those. So it's a one-man band. It's a one-man campaign, which makes it like 10 times as hard as you used to be an IOD, because we had the best of fill. We had the best of a consort. Those guys would go on to their own appearances and you put all of that together and it'd do stuff to a pretty good total. And I'm discovering that when you're trying to do it by yourself, all depending on what it is the topic you're talking about, when you're trying to do it by yourself, it's a lot more difficult. It's a lot harder. So the speak. So we'll do the best we can and spider-budding devins and spud the fact that I'm a bad guy. I'm a corrosive radio host and I don't like Wayne High Pingo. And I don't give a crap how much money he gives the charity. Doesn't it doesn't phase me in the least? He's still a prick, okay? But boy, I'll boy talk about a hypocrite buddy. Corrosive radio host. I can't say anything good about Wayne. As though he needs Amaya assistance, I have to kiss his ass and give him credit. They want to build a statue a monument to this guy. The the Ripple Off Artists who's sucking the blood out of those sports fans it is down. Who put out on all how many people out of business in this town? Who any bought the what the hell was the music joint that he bought? And fire to sounded like was no, not sounded by. So it was the music chain. That sounded by. But whatever, whichever the hell one it was. And fire to all those guys because they had a long here and if they didn't cut their hair he was going to fire. You know that crap. This is the kind of guy you're dealing with here a dick tater. But let's build statues and let's write glowing articles. Lucky really needs more good publicity. You see? Because that's the way it is. That's the way the media are. They pick out there are certain bunch of people and they just fall and suck all over them nonstop instantly and incessantly kissing their ass, sucking their butt. And if you're not in a group well, you know, whatever you try to do it's going to be a hundred times harder. Here's a mobile in four lottery. Hello. No. Yes sir. Good morning. When is this? I am pissed off. Seriously pissed off. About that solar from Nick cigar's reading that letter got me so freaking fired up. What's his guy? What? Just from the FFA. No, I don't want to get. I don't I'm so sorry that Nick called me. You know he's a great guy, but I'm sorry. I don't want to get sidetracked on that. They did the system most of them. They've been doing for 10 years. They're going to get me off the year. They're going to get Howard off the year. They're the sensors. They're the dictators that the self appointed it's a mind thing with them. They're not getting anybody off the year. Oh, I agree. I agree. But I do want to get off about why you worried about them. Well, it's just it's the control that they think that they don't have any control that. People who wonder whatever they want to listen to it, I'm not going anywhere. And we got more sponsors that we can handle here. We don't know what they're doing. We got somebody's spots. Exactly. But we do want you to know that we support your sponsors. Yeah. And I want to let them in. And that's right at the card down at this guy's place. And that's why they're you know, that's why they're on the year here. They're not advertising on their show because I got a pretty face. They're here because we get him great results. All right. Well, what's next, Sagress? I'd like to go down there and buy a handful. 71 11 West Flagler. It's right off the palm of the vehicle. My least went off the on Flagler Street. What off the palm of the middle. 71 11 West Flagler. Great. And I paint a still buck. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have two open lines in date. Two in Howard. 5675 50 pound on a mobile one line. You know, it's a good thing that they're hurt. Cooling to let miracle victory against UC LN and Saturday because it did it. It went a long way in covering up the fact there was another hurt. Who play or rest it on Friday from beating the crap out of I think was the equipment matters. You're so it doesn't really make any difference. What was does it? Does it make any difference? Oh, that's good. There you go. The best gangster is that money can buy. And yes, there was a lot of circulating crap on sports wise all weekend long. There's no question about that. But you know, I have to start looking at it and wondering why do they bother? Why does everybody get so whipped up? And why do they play if they appreciate it? It's going to be so bad. I mean, the jet allegedly won that game yesterday. Is there anybody who believes that? No. Tested already still won't have that ball in the end. So, I mean, like, you know, long after the whistleblow these guys are standing there talking, but I'll be, but I'll do you see it. No, did you? I don't know. I put my arms up in here because, you know, I'm wearing up my armpits. He never got close to being a touchdown and I had played. The game was over. That was it. They lost. Oh, no, guess what? You won. We decided you won. And as long as this crap is going to go on, and as long as Dick Handtech was 100 years old, and that crew of his keeps going 100 penalties in every game. I mean, what's the point of playing these games? I mean, there was one sports highlight. Make no mistake about it over the weekend. It's not in a hurricane game. And it wasn't in the dolphin game against the girls team with a 10 year old court. But no, it wasn't in there. There was a sports highlight over the weekend that those who really appreciate good sports and real athletes would remember for years to come. It was momentum. There's thickness, quantum tires. sieve Watch the fans here. We're both in. The lead's having fun first. Letting off. I have to jump. Okay. Put that stuff. Put it off. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. If you make a card on it, the deck game was in Montreal. And the reaction you're hearing there for too long ago. There you go, boy. I'm going, eh. There is screaming. Go leave. Go so much louder than those frogs. Up there was one of the most I I only watched it replay because we were at the A Panther game Saturday. So I had that tape going. Only watched it like 6000 times over the weekend over and over again. And I still get the goosebumps with you that. Real fans who really understand what they all have all about. all about. Of course we had that big game on Saturday. Yeah right. And you notice both newspapers today, if you want to those people who reads both the Harold and the Sun Sentinel, both writing about the, no, nice going, you know, you old fart because without him we'd lost another one. Score two goals there on Saturdays, played only two games. He's got three goals for the Panthers, but nevertheless, somebody ought to tell Sean Burke something that most of you, most of you parents out there that have daughters, you teach them this, you drill it into your head, keep your legs closed as much as possible, okay? Somebody should tell that to Sean Burke. Because that's when you get in trouble when you have your legs wide open like that. All that's when you start having real troubles sweetheart. Sean Burke couldn't stop a bowling ball from four inches away. But that's the way it goes. A curtain playing, a little health problem there. We got to go back on Sean Burke, the jerk. And let's in the real greasy a couple of greasy goals, big fat rebound on one and then shepherd with a wrap around that he couldn't oh man. But hey, that's the way it goes. 24, 11 at 5, 60, WQM, pizza loft is all of some great food baby. They give you fresh, gigantic portions, very, very modest prices. And that's why Jeff Cohen is making so much money. That's why because people try one time and they come back with a goth and they're spilling over and over again. Great place where quick lunch, you're a great dinner, a quick snack anytime you're in a mood. Three different kinds of great pizza, woodworking lasagna, the best garlic rolls in the world. They got strum bullies and calzones and super subs and ticket catch it. Turing your traditional pasta favorites like that totally any with cheese sauce out of this world spaghetti with sausage or meatballs, great and if pastos, they have combination dinners with all your favorite sauces. You can get to pick out the sauces you get on them. Pizza loft has great express lawn specials. If you can't make it over there, just phone or fast the order when it'll be ready in no time at all. Just call 9, 5, 4, 9, 1, 6, 88, 80, 9, 1, 6, 88, 80, pizza loft. Why do you do an all your holiday shopping? Take a quick break zip and there's tons of pre-parting. You'll find in the 35, 14 South University, driving between Griffin and 5, 95, right next to an oba South Eastern right behind Pier one imports and they prestigious pizza loft pizza loft not the fastest, not the cheapest, just the kinky is by far. This is 560, 2 AM. Where do you find? Take over. Right where do you got it? Sports radio, 560, 2 AM. Meal. God. I'm my pass doctor to the top of the key taken by Julia because I'm so far, I want to collect the one. I want it with milk dad. I want a fast break and the usual breakfast routine is only one place for me. Sam, don't you don't know. Check out the old god Lana. They got Dale Dawkins, check with Thunder Donuts, wheelchairman and finger rolls and even Moses Malone. One handed jam video don't know. Hmm. Hey Doc, how about a box there? Want to go? Yeah baby, and give me a cup of coffee. No one, medium one, a large one. A large one. But no Korean please. Oh that's bad. So make your best move to slam dunk in donut. We stop our food in your face. All right, 4560 WQM happy holidays from your close personal friends at the 560 QM. Here's the facts from David and South Miami. And see David, I appreciate the sentiment, but it's just, you see people want to make it too hard, too difficult. There's, there's, it's a no brainer. It's not difficult since before we started and I've told you with our fundraiser this year, I said our best stuff stuff will be available again this year at borders. There you go, borders music books, whatever else they're peddling there. Uh, isn't that what I said? I think last time I've been saying that. So David facts has made a tell me that he went by borders in the grove last weekend. He wasn't, he wasn't, wasn't told that the cashier was ringing up my purchase that I happened to see your merchandise purely by accident. They're on the shelf behind the register with notice play whatsoever. If I hadn't happened to see it, I wouldn't have remembered to buy your merchandise. Perhaps that could put a little effort into promoting your campaign, David and South Miami, and Wayne King kissed my big fat ass. He says, well, I appreciate your helping us out David. I appreciate the sentiment, but the fact is that if you want to make a little bit of effort, if you want something badly enough, which I'm not saying you want this desperately, like the end of the world, like the winning lottery ticket or something like that, but they're at the border stores all eight of them. Okay, let me say it again. They're in Bointon Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Candle Aboncher, a crawl spring, co-coded a crow right where you were, David, and a poker and plantation. It's just not that difficult. Is it? And some of the stores are cooperating nicely. And some of the other stores, maybe they hate me like poison, or maybe they just don't give a crap. Or maybe it's like the whole border zone organization in general, which is very like a musical about this whole thing. And they just don't care all that much. But they've got them. And if you want them, go in there and ask, I mean, you know, if the cat's got your tongue, maybe that's a problem. You know, that'll hurt us. But I think most people are at least to got the coins. Just go up to say to a court where the hell is the best video crap? Bitch, you know, something like that. You know, in a friendly way, bitch. And I think that probably they'll help you out. As usual, by the way, it didn't take too long. The Harold hopsright in bed there with a son Sentinel, with an editorial in this morning's paper on the bottom again. Shape up or ship out. See, in this editorial written even after the court said that the state was full of crap. And they ordered them to return the slot machines and all the money they confiscated from the Suncruiser. I'll let business we had last week. And the Harold still writes in editorial with their big ambiguities in the law over cruisers to know where Lee Florida few options it says. And the first paragraph once again, the same thanked ammonia's horse crap. We've been treated to for last 500 years by the media people in this town. If ever there was proof certain of the ambiguous settlement, let me say it again. If ever there was proof certain of the embailages, what the why it's beautiful. Actually proof certain of the ambiguous settlement that the grips America about gambling, it is the notion that the sin, if it is sin, should be washed by water, if it is sin. While some states have land-based casinos, other restrict the gambling to riverboats, many of which are a permanent anchor in the basale. I was not interesting. You have to wash the sins of gambling away by putting it on riverboats or out there in a middle of the ocean. That's the mentality of the Harold. There's something sinful involved. If you go to the track and bet that's not a sin. If you go on a cruise ship, gambling is sinful only when the Harold tells you that it's a sin or the Suncental decide that it's a sin. And you have to look you have to be baptized. You have to do it like right there in the ocean. Okay so you can baptize the crap tables or whatever other crap you want to baptize. And then the Suncental continuing continuing their relentless attack on the evils of gambling. Over the weekend they got another editorial. Governor-relect wise to wait for a second-look at Powerful Idea, revenue projections for Powerful Ball plus lottery could have been cut by 17 million or have been cut or whatever it says. Governor-relect Jeb Bush can be forgiven for hedging has been on a controversial source of revenue is decisions to delay the introduction of the big money, multi-state Powerful Ball. A lot of regaining Florida is a prudent move that makes a lot of sense. And one of the reasons that they give for hedging your bets on Powerful Ball is maybe it's going to hurt the lottery that we already have. The Florida lottery itself. Which of course the Florida lottery is okay even though it's gambling see and even though it's a sucker bet and a much worse bet than any casino game you'll ever play. The odds on a lot of we are like 80 trillion and you know whatever the hell they are billions to one. But that's okay. Because the money was also supposed to go to education, new funding for education. Is that what turned out? No. They even point out and they're running through it. Is that what happened? No. But the lottery is okay. According to the Suncindle we just don't want that Power Ball. We don't want to introduce more gambling, new gambling because gambling is inherently evil and turn the page whatever it is in the sports section and we'll give it the odds that every guy in the game that's coming up. As this town continues to be run by a bunch of hypocritical self-appointed answers, the great moralist of our times. Here's point in beach. Hello. Yeah. I think buddy never tells a point. Yeah. Okay. Great. Point in beach. How did we know? Point in beach. How do we know which asshole it was going to be? Is there anybody who's got a brain and button? Oh. Is there anybody in button? Be too good ever call the show and actually say something positive? No. I mean what might want to hear? No. Of course not. Same old asshole. Same old tired craft. They're every single day. Thanks for the effort baby. If we had as many people who make a positive effort in whatever it is we try to do on a show as assholes like this one with their negative blue crept, we'd be kicking some serious asses. Two open lines in Broward one in date five six seven five sixty in top five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing man? Okay. Sounds fired up. I'm fired up. Anyway, I called the guy who was talking about the U.M. player. Yeah. They got arrested. That was an edger in guy. No. No. It wasn't edger in? No. Yeah. It was. It was. On fighting, right? James got arrested. I'm fighting. Edger in James. In true roles in what plug? Whatever his name is on channel seven. Only did. Yes sir. It was talk about how great of a guy he is. The rent for eight million yards against you. Yeah. The LA and have the heck no defense. Yeah. He's a man. I don't think so. And you don't want to get arrested. Yes. Yeah. He's want to get arrested. Yeah. I don't think. And they were talking about that all day yesterday. Yeah. How good is going to be? And how much money he's going to make? I don't want to want to get arrested. But anyway, maybe somebody else will call who knows because I don't believe it. I don't think that's what had. Who was it? That you wane. Reggie Wayne. Yeah. Wasn't edger in the bus. See. And here's another asshole. Makes up crap. You know, this is what we got. Asoles make it up crap today. You know, is there anybody out there that knows what they're talking about? No. No. Even I who would pay no attention to that crap. Even I know that it wasn't him. Because obviously there's a thousand guys named edgerist. So, you know, you don't want from another two open lines in date. 5605 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Here's the Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. That's your friend, Broke of Brian. He seems like a retard. No, if I'm the corn. He'd you think his arms are funny. Yes, I do. It's the second one is great. I mean, we had to listen to open over every corner. Oh, I don't have to listen to anything. If you don't listen to it. But I'm already holding a gun to your head. I like listen to you, but I don't want to hear him every time of a few times now. Well, I'll tell you what then. Then when his voice comes on, turn down the radio for about 55 seconds. That's what I do. There you go. I don't want to have to do it. Yeah. So, keep them off the hour. We're not keeping them off the hour. I love Boca Brian. Go on. Oh, I'm using him. What is it? You take a poll. I'm sure I'm sure that you listen as a great with me. Okay? Do they really? The listeners agree with you. Maybe that's why they're all listening to this show. That's why it's the top rated show in town because everybody hates Boca Brian. And that's because they're him. Believe me. Okay. Thank you so much. There's another great positive call. Right? Oh, there you go. They're all positive today, baby. Probably buddy Nebence Boyfriend. Date County, all three lines open. Oh, you people are beautiful. Make no mistake about it, man. You are beautiful. You're the epitome of what this town is all about. 5 6 70 5 60 and pump 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hey, it's the paper that's so against gambling. Why do they continue to put the line? I've asked that question five million times, sir. When you come up to the answer, let me know. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Open line is Broward, all three and date. 5 6 70 5 60 pump 5 60 on a mobile one line. We got a great crowd here this morning already. They're doing it. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a suggestion for you. And since there's about three weeks left in your promotion. Yeah. And coincidentally, there's about three weeks left in the football season. Maybe you should take advantage of all the gambler files. And that up like a football pool, $30 to pick the teams and 20 of it to center one. And the other 10 goes into the popular. Yeah, we're not going to do that. But how about some of you compulsive gamblers? Well, listen to this radio station and call with your boring calls about points, bread, 20 hours a day. How about the cough and up, 20 bucks for something worth while, 20 bucks you won't lose anyway. I might go to help somebody. Absolutely. There you go. Thank you. Good point. Yeah. We've even got shows on this station where they bring on all these to jackasses. I'll talk about the odds. We've got shows, entire shows where they bring on clowns, talking about the odds. As if there's some place that these people are making legal bets on all these games here in this state. Is there such a place? Oh, and how come the new papers are they ever right now? Think about that? Because every time that can hear, 98% of these people out there that are gambling are doing it illegal anyway. Does anybody ever re-ending about that? Oh, I guess it's okay because it's not casino gambling. I mean, what's wrong with being in a football pool? Right. There you go. Parmalice fun. Did even a kid should learn a lot about? I mean, that's one of the first things that a good father does is give us a couple of numbers of some bookies in town. Guys, you can trust. We have an open line in date one in Broward. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. 1056 on QAM. If you need a new cancorder this holiday season and listen carefully, Wolf Camerach has some tremendous deals that will convince you. I think that there's never been a better time to buy a new cancorder than right now just in time for the holidays. The Sony TRV 65 cancorder, this is the highest quality, highest resolution, high eight cancorder. It has color flip out LCD screen, a 72 times digital zoom lens and image stabilizer to keep those long range images from shaking. And a battery that's got up to 12 hours of recording time, this is one of the best cancorders that money can buy and right now it will fit to only 79995. Wolf Camerach also got the Sony TR67 and 8mm cancorder with a wireless remote control, a built-in video light and a 64-time visual zoom lens for just 39995. Let me say it again, a Sony 8mm cancorder for under 400 bucks. Your holiday headquarters for cancorders is Wolf Camerach, the best selection, the best prices and is always expert service. With more than 17 stores all over South Florida is a friendly Wolf nearby you call 888-644 Wolf to find the store nearest you. We know forcing of this broadcast maybe reproduced without being stressed, written permission of WQAM, beefly-rease acquisition here up all over the world like a river. There's here is the teen. I don't have a bit around much for a while, but I want y'all to know that up here in Rockerville, heaven. All of those think it over here, this Christmas and I could give y'all a special Christmas message. I'm not a surprise. Like how I love to choose that pack all by liking one of them. I walk whole soon. Christmas is a time of food, time of joy, a time of old autumn, and I cheer with a lover. Take a fly to the street and you got there. Like it. What more? No, where are you? Well, yeah, Christmas. Christmas will believe me in this family. If having me in this plans, the plans green is getting together and getting together means eaten. While passing that tone to take what you believe, while it's like a remote. Not just from the side of you right now. You know, I may be a big star, maybe two day, but I know about it still big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. Uh, helping my hand. Would you hand me a help under those tomatoes over there? It's like a police. It's like a nightmare. I can't get more. Not like I will find them. Ain't nobody's obeyed. He can't. Stupid help with finding a new needle with a holiday season. A squeak of season won't pass me that felt trigger. You can get the chance. Like it. Yeah, just just don't screw the color. That's right. I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from the AOS? Not long. Leave those sticks if right where they are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. I'm happy. I want you to remember, for all part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own image. Look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, sensible guy. You know what I mean? I like it either. But especially once y'all remember this one last thing. You know, all the home was Christmas. Spring and that popcorn up on the free. Say about big, big bowl for the candy. Extra butter. The little money. I like you do. Okay. I can remember. The meal Roger show. Now, on 5.60, WQAF. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Well, back to Joe Costello. For God I thought I was going to forget the ID there. Didn't you, Joe? Yeah, he did. By the way, thanks to Joe Costello. Give us a nice check for sent a one on Saturday. Oh, he did. And also thanks to Alan. What's the guy's name? Alan Fungle. The world of shells who's the area supervisor who came all the way down from Tampa to be there on Saturday. And like I said, they don't need to 10% of all day revenue they got from no sale of appetizers on Saturday, which I'm sure will be getting a check for that person or one. So we're up to the mental total. We keep getting revised on this like every two minutes now. 75,469 bucks. That is of 1039 as morning says Carol, right up to the minute. Plus that 100 buck check that I gave you that Chris gave me a talking game on Saturday. So we're getting close to 76. We're in a course. We still have a couple of stores not reporting from last week. So we probably like I said getting close to 80, 20 grand to go between now and December. We're going to do it. I'll get our team. We're going to do it if it's the last guy. If I have to like spend 20 hours a day that I'm not on the air here for four hours. Out there panhandling on the goddamn street corner. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. I just want to say, you know, I drove by on Sunday. I mean, Saturday, it, uh, showed you the guys like, you know, the bunch of people out there. How'd you guys do there? We did about a grand. It was okay. That's not too bad. I want to talk about the panthers. You know, um, what do you think about the way they played against the, um, hurricane. Do you know, I can't lie. I need to yoke or would be the way to describe it. At least, you know, they were talking about, you know, that was a good, uh, good time. Everything like that. But I think. That's not a good time when you blow the lead three times. Yeah. And when you, when you're pinching, you know, and I think somebody ought to say enough of the pinching. Already, okay. Robby had a chance they run that break to get a goal shorthanded, which is fine. He'll get a good shot and then Trevor Kid made a great save. But the effect is where the hell is everybody else up there? And you get caught back on a five on two short handed and it's just ticked, tacked, pulling the net and work had no chance on that at all. And then wind up giving them the tie because this team continues, uh, taking chances. This team isn't good enough to take those chances. Yeah. Hopefully, though, you know, with sister really coming back. He's looking pretty good in the past two years. Right. So hopefully, if you can out a little boost to back to it and everything like that. Yeah, but you've got to have goal-tending and you've got to have defense. Well, maybe we can get a chance. You think, you know, because I was seeing the paper that's on about pausing, doesn't want to go back now? No, he's off the team. He's left the team. Right. So you think that they're going to trade for it? Well, I mean, maybe what did, what did Colorado give up when they give up on the Patrick Wall before? They gave up very much. Did I not let me say it again? Well, Ronald's not going to make a deal. Patrick Wall was traded because he was, uh, because he was a servant at one game. And he, he had a, uh, irreconcilable difference with a front office there. So they, they would have given him away. They didn't care at that point. But that's not the point. The point is, who have we got to trade some feelings by defense? Ah, actually, there is nobody. Maybe Chris Wolf? There you go. Okay. I'll call up Mike Smith and see what I can do. Thank you, sir. Two open lines in Broward 5605050 and Pond 560. Here's another great facts from the support of audience that we got. Yeah, see, that's what just kills me. Everybody out there is an expert. Everybody out there is critiquing, uh, Boker Brian. So I got news for that asshole. By the way, Boker Brian's got more talent is little finger than you got in your whole up. You can do the body. Okay, pal. Some of the stuff that he does is absolutely classic. Just a fantastic unbelievable. And this guy's calling he's got a critique. He's got a turner radio down because he's got a whiny voice about the buck. Everybody's got to complain today. It's all complaint Monday, okay? If like I said during a holiday season, this is when people are really at their worst. You know, not going to each other over in the stores to try to get one of those furbies for their kids. Killing each other while parking space at the mall. This is what really brings out the worst in people, a holiday. So here's Paul and Fort Lauderdale who takes time out of his busy day. To facts me this note. Paul says maybe if you're CDs were about your best calls and not just song bits, you'd sell more CDs. I happen to enjoy your calls as Paul and Fort Lauderdale. All I could say to that is we can only put the bridge tender on so many times. You know what I'm saying Paul? I've been on here here for 23 years. Number of great memorable calls that I've had in those years in this time. You could fit in a fimble and have room for the Soviet army left over. In addition to which we've been doing the best of Neil with comedy bits for years, everybody's always loved them. We've done very, very well. Rick and Sads when they sold their CDs. What do they have on there? What did they have on there? You know, pay phone challenges. Pay phone challenges. Did we do pay phone challenge? No, we don't. Maybe if we put our best calls on there, maybe we'll come out with a CD where we just have the bridge tender on there 400 times. Over and over that on. What? And the scooting lady. And the speed lady, right? And we put all the other funny stuff on part two. Anything funny to get on there? Yeah. Yeah, part two. There's a couple of calls on there. But a disc full? Oh my god. I'd have to be on the year 200 years to get a disc full of great calls. A memorable calls. Is this my not of his mind? Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. Good. Yeah, you're still in some of my thunder, because I got all kids off on her. That guy's certain to put down vocal Brian. I mean, you guys get so much talent. I love his bits. He can make you voice down like all kinds of different artists. He's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's. He'll give you one example. I'm looking at my, uh, the first disc here, the best of in Vonix graduate. That, that's a classic. That's why the end of it doesn't even sound like vocal Brian. It's one of the best damn things that we've ever played on his show. It's like part of your show. Did he start off? I mean, with you. I mean, no one knew about vocal Brian. Right. So it's about about three, four years ago. Whatever. He came on your show. Yeah. It's guy. Takes me off. You know, we don't need to call like that. It's what we don't need to call. Yeah, that's what we need. Let's put a bunch of calls on the CDs for like those, because we're, you know, we're saying, no show. We need to those. Chronic Melcontents. Exactly. Well, look, so you pick your an happy audience to you. Hey, back to you. I'm doing a keep doing a good job. OK, I'm trying. Here's a guy that's pissed off and fired up and the fired up and pissed off. Two open lines and Howard five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T. Wireless line. 11 away to five sixty WCWA, let's tend to get your holiday gift list together and get working on it. Get down to one of a plant CBD post for locations, because this week, everything is on sale. Every single thing in the store. You need to big screen TV. They're all on sale is the VCR on your list. Every single VCR on a plant CBD, it's beyond sale. How about a washer dryer set? A cancorder, a DVD player, a satellite system, a dishwasher, a telephone. It's all on sale at a huge savings like you won't see any place else. For example, a 27 inch color TV only, 228 bucks. It's all on sale right now and only at a plant CBD. But we're each and every product in the store is marked down and on sale to save you money. A plant CBD post for locations for you. They're in the Miami Lakes area 57 street in the Palmetto. They're a coral cable. They're on US one north of the falls. And north west 77 court right off the Palmetto Expressway. Don't get ripped off during a holiday. Get yourself a great deal on everything you buy at a plant CBD post. This is 560, you way out. The meal runs yourself. This is your brain. Any question? In 1611, the Bible was translated from Latin into the teen James Bible. And now, well over three centuries later, what's on tape, revenge? But King James found Bible. James was like the book of Genesis. Isn't it? That's the first. The story of Moses and the burning bush. I think. And the tower of battle. Are you hiding there, buddy? There's a new testament to Latherer, raised from the dead. Get up, buddy. James seems from the book of Matthew. Hey, god, god, god. Hey, god, god. And of course, the book of James, all the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them. But the train will bite you. The back of the world of just Brazil. And of course, well, resurrection. The Bible, the Bible, the Bible. Well, one knows more about judgment day than the godfather of souls. And so James also thinks of, so famous plain. The Bible, the Bible, the Bible. The Bible, the Bible. The Bible, the Bible. What King James found Bible? It's one of the 13 at 560, W.D. Q.M. How he'd be doing this week, by the way, is he innerzy young? We have two open lines in brown one and date, 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's a mobile and Jupiter, hello. Good morning, mail. Yes, sir. I'm a long time listener in the first time, color. OK. I'm so super interested in your work at religious charity. You call it center one. Yeah. I have one problem though, because as you see, there may be, if I listen to you quite often, and I feel really complete, but you have to tell me what the center one project is, so I have no way of making a judgment, whether I want to make a contribution. Center one is an organization in Broward Non-profit that helps people with AIDS, who are HIV positive and who have AIDS. Men, women, a straight gay, buy, children, people that need money for medication, that need housing, whatever their immediate needs are. They help them directly in a integrated organization. They do tremendous work. Well, thank you for that. I can tell you that I will send you a contribution. And I think it might be better. If you gave an information, I'll do more off and so people would be more aware of what they're doing to try to help you in good luck. Okay, thanks. And I'll do that. Okay, we have two open lines in day two and Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We've got about, I don't know, 76 to 80 grand. Someone had ballpark with three weeks to go. If we raise 100 grand, it'll be a major miracle. But like I said, I'm going to do it. I'm going to squeeze it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to pull it. And maybe Wayne will send us a check for the, you know, not seriously, whatever the shortfall. Maybe Buddy Nevin's will set us a check. There you go. Huh? Maybe that's what this is all about. Maybe Buddy is just kind of backhandedly trying to promote our big fun ways you're here. And maybe that if we wind up about 14,000 shorter, or 8,000 short, Buddy Nevin's will come up with a check. To get us up to that 100,000 mark, which is an ice even a prestigious number, which will be quite in the accomplishment. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's having two. Hello. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. I haven't to read that cap before. I'm a vocal brand is very annoying. Yeah. And you blows. I mean, we don't want to hear no, uh, so we can call it a long time. Okay. Well, then, find another show. Okay, between 10 and 2, find yourself another show. Like I said, just a succession. This guy's got, by the way, a corn cob, up his ass and one over the phone too, you notice. I think it was probably the same guy. Yeah, he's got, he's got like a sock over it and his phone too. Like, like, let me say it again. 98% of you out there, 99% of you out there. He had 1% of the teller that Book of Brian is got you be making some money. Which he's not nevertheless, uh, he's a Schlapper, Book of I tell you. They all got to complain today. You know, I'm looking for a little assistance here on our center. One, trying to get some enthusiasm that a positive, uh, mood going and all these people that's all complaint Monday. Walking here this morning, just out of the blue, it's that they're all mouth content. All one of them that I got left on the phone right now. 560, 705, 60, pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This town, and you wonder why I go on, and especially for all these years on and on and on, the hostility, the negativity that we looked instead of the cheapness, they just refuse to get with the program no matter what the hell it is. You got to beat them over, head with a baseball bet, and most of the time you still don't get a goddamn reaction. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. I know a couple of things one you mentioned, uh, the news papers and the casinos, they don't have any problem taking their advertisements for their posts. Right. We talked about that Friday. They got a big fat ad for some crews in there, threw the air Friday, whatever day the sun sent, and they'll have their big, uh, thank the multi-centitorial, and then a big ad on page two in the sports section for the very crews, those ships that they're ripping. Yeah, they can pick the money that's quite a right. That can't go absolutely correct. That's right. Uh, judging me, I want the notification show the article on the whammy. Whammy, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, the business session on something Sunday's paid I think was the hell. Oh, they ripped you pretty good in there. Really? Oh, yeah. I'm, in fact, uh, um, I don't know whoever the station genius has over there said, well, there were no numbers in it, uh, uh, was in a spake because it was like a six month review of whammy. I'm surprised you didn't see it. No, I did not. And, um, you know, I mean, I was kind of surprised it would be, well, it's a little bit with me. Maddie Lesham or the Harold? Uh, both of them, I believe. Yeah, same way. They were shooting there. There was, there were no numbers. And uh, there's no numbers on a whole space. And so what does that have to do with anything? Maddie, how do you have a number on a show when you can't even hear the guy damn sound? I know, if you want to, you know, they do everything to sabotage your and then they blame you for it. Not all the other time. I couldn't care less. You know, the checks. I got another check the other day, uh, Saturday in my mailbox. As long as the checks keep showing up to the 31st of May, I don't really care. Makes no difference to me. I mean, it's a bogus station. It was very obvious from the beginning when they kept having all those technical that they got these night after night, week after week. And then the audio that didn't get straight now till two, three days ago, very obvious that it's a place being run by people and nothing about how to put a TV station. Yeah, I wanted to say one more thing to you. I know, I'd like to see wasn't four hours of this show. And these guys can shove it up their ass, whether they like book a brain or not. But I wouldn't suggest you to another hour a day or having to put up with some of these assholes. Okay. Have a great day, pal. So it was a rip-neal weekend in the newspaper. I missed that one. He had neals fault that Wany was a big bomb. He always wanted to put all his hours out loud on the air. And then, you know, something I was watching briefly a couple of days ago during channel surfing because I really don't watch any of that crap anymore on there. And then we're running a promo for a city desk. And guess what, a promo was. It wasn't the one with the old ladies at that, uh, he died there with a body. I, yeah. Oh, yeah. That one that old bag there at the, I dumb. Oh, yeah. It had that body and the dumpster and the bell, yeah. That they've only showed 25,000 times. But that's good. Blame me, Maddie, because, you know, your own incompetence is legendary anyway. So blame me for not getting you jagged at numbers over there. And everybody that we had on this day here, every single one of them would tell me that when they ran into people and told them to, they were from Wany. They said, oh, yeah. That's the show. That's the station you know, Roger's on. Every single one of these people would tell me that, but nobody was watching it. Open line a day two of Rower. Five, or the other way around. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on our AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? I can't tell you, pal. I'm not dumb. I'm just dumb. No, I just wanted to talk to this. The only thing I get to be told is to ask if fired up called. The only thing I get to be fired up in this town is the freaking sportsman. They really suck in this town. Yeah. There are a bunch of kids that. And so I mean, I know these guys might be your buddies. I don't know, but you got the only one that told, told that like it isn't managed. You got this guy, the Humber. He's like, oh, you guys are always crying about your team. And you guys are spoiled. Yeah, we're spoiled. We're going to expect a lot. We got a, but all we got to deal with this spot is the fix. They got to be good for it. Okay, great. Thank you. Schwarz is in the fix. Good. Okay, we have all the data and open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, Pomp 5, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. I was just calling in support of broke a Brian. I mean, these guys will, they must be jealous. They're not on the CD. I wish I could be as talented as the guy. I can't ever know how broke a Brian becomes an issue on a radio talk show. I just don't understand it. I mean, the stuff that he, there's plenty of stuff he records. There's some of the stuff that we never use. If it's funny, we use it. If it's not, we don't use it. But most of it is. Right. I mean, believe it guy. And somebody is going to tell me that they're going to listen to the show because they don't like to voice on some of the comedy, but I mean, if there's anybody believe that, that they need an instant lobotomy out of a can. You're, you got that right, Neil. Keep up the good work. Have a great day. OK. Oh, yeah, bulk of Brian's an issue now. Whatever you do, we don't like that. That's a mole on your, uh, over your eyebrow. Well, guess what? I'm getting it removed on Friday. How do you like that? Does that make any difference? Oh, well, I just thought I mentioned that in passing. And you got a fat ass and you're ugly. And what else? Find your mama and your little dog is a piece of crap and bark too much. What else? What other complaints can we hear today from a melt content group? OK, you think that this group would be real happy today. They're team did a girls team the other day. They were a college team. They team did a team with no defense on Saturday. And Miracle, I pulled it out of their ass. Even with all those criminals. What is their problem? And they're still in a crappy mood. They're still mal content. They're still all bent out of shape. Two open lines and date one and brown. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Had to be holiday from all of your friends at Zoff Florida. Put a mix of my line in your face. Are they happy? No. Are they like an holiday spirit? No. Oh, yeah. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Yes, sir? I'd like to tell you about Book of Brand. At the time of Brenda years, I called you on a little friend of mine. Yeah. This is very much. Yeah, Larry, your phone sounds like you're in a fish tank under water. What is on the moon? Does it sound any better? No, it doesn't. Now it sounds like you're in a sand-dune. Quick sand. Well, I'll call you back then. OK, call me back, Larry. Oh, God. Two open lines that brought five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, so you're a little crew on AT&T wireless line. Is this a dream? Is this still a weekend? And I'm just having like a day mirror. Must be. Must be a day mirror. Here's a tamarack, hello. Come in. Yes, sir? I got to tell you something real quick. I hate to keep talking about sports, but real quick. Yesterday, you're investing three hours of 55 minutes to watch the one-to-clock game. 22 seconds left in the game. Mead and telling you for minutes. We're going to have to cut away. We're going to cut away to the four-clock game. The dolphins' game is coming up. 22 seconds. The last play of the game. Oh, pictures gone. Channel four holes. Not only. You mean, wait a minute. You mean, you just said they cut the jets game off? It was gone. It was gone. Because that was watching on the satellite. That's great. Because, and by the length, I'd imagine the cable. Let me say, a mediocre one once again, that just put the posky to run and mess around and knock their cable, the picture that you're putting out there and west-broward is so grainy and so-grow test. Thank God I got too satellite. This is, I mean, the fact that any of us are paying for that, we must need mental help. So they actually cut the jets game off before that bogus touchdown. But there's more. Yeah. They couldn't even get the dolphins game on. So what they did was they had about four or five minutes of dead air and about six public service announcements. That was the channel four, so you can guess. Four. Channel four holes. That hole. Unbelievable. Unreal. Well, I'm sure you want three hours for the 55 minutes. Yeah, and then there's one play that totally bogus to play the game. I had a lot of headline news on believe it. Hit the score. Yeah. Because they didn't even get the damn dolphin game on for 10 minutes after that. Well, they may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Thanks for the good news. I can't believe that. Wow. Two open lines did Howard. So maybe they didn't even know what we're talking about. I'm sure they've seen it five thousand times because they showed the replay during the game, 65,000 times. And every, and you know, something all 65,000 times, Vinnie didn't get the ball in there. Okay. Was not a touchdown, not even close. Not even close. And the official recalls the touchdown. He's standing way over there. You know, like in the stands practically. Hey, he's got his arms up in here. Like I said, he's there in out his armpits. And the other officials come in. Anybody see it? What do you think? I better be. But, and now, of course, they look down or scramble it around. And at this point, the ejector got the ball pushed like five yards into the end zone. Oh, yeah, there's the ball down there. I guess it's a touchdown. I mean, this is what goes on with the so-called officiating and the idea that they ever took away instant replay. It renders all of it meaningless, whether you're a fan, whether you're betting on a game, whatever whatever your interest is, it renders it meaningless. It's a joke. The Patriots got three ridiculous calls. And then, yes, today, Denver's great comeback against Kansas City. And the officials try again to give Kansas City another chance, with a Phantom ridiculous interference call. What was he even close? Because every, I mean, what could as a football play without a yellow flag to go along with it? You know what I'm saying? What would it as a play without the yellow flag? It's 11.25 at 5.50 WQM. If you try to get money from a bank and then you had like a six-domic, you had screaming diarrhea for weeks because of the experience because they put you through the ringer and they give you the third degree and the fourth degree. And the fifth degree, forget about the bank. Don't treat you like crap. You want to get personal friendly service. You want to get money real fast without any pain. Maybe you don't have great credit. Makes no difference. If you call our friends Mike Arton Jake at a Atlantic Coast and they've been helping people just like you in this town since 1982. And of course right now with interest rates as low as they are, it's a smart time to get a fourth or a second mortgage, even a debt consolidation loan. Whatever you need cash for, maybe you want to go to the track tonight. Punger brings a call Mike Arton Jake right now that can get your approval usually within 24 hours or less. And that can even take your application info right over the phone. No hidden charges, no applications for you. No BS, no third degree, just great personal service and a lot of cash waiting for you. Pick up the phone and call them right now. A Atlantic Coast in Dave Call 305, 944-0073. That's 305-944-0073 and Routin Palm Beach, call 954-987-8787-987-8077-877-4A Atlantic Coast mortgage. This is 560, you A.L. He's criminalized pop in Florida. Hi, can I help you? Hi, I just bought these and I like to have them get wrapped. Do you have Christmas wrapping? Sure, two hours over new Christmas rates. Two hours, thank you very much. Pardon me, is this Christmas wrapping? That's right, food, check it out. Happy holiday job, we hope it's married because you're going to be both come to you, and I take it out, I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping. Go ahead, then, jump and wrap your own. If it ain't so easy when you do it at home, because we got the wrap, we got the ribbon and you know we're there running morning. I think it is. We got the wrap. Thank you. We got the wrap. Well, anyway, it's 1131 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in date 567-0560-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello? Book of Brian's thinks and you think. Okay, thank you, thanks for listening to 560 WQM. Two open lines in date, and that's the right. That's the same guy, three in a row now, three in a row, and you're still an asshole, okay? In fact, everybody in the audience is thinking about that voice, they're thinking, he's an asshole, and they're right. They're absolutely correct, folks. Just keep calling over and over and over again to make your point. You know something? We could play Book of Brian from now on, until we got him, cows come up, and you'll still be listening and have a cranked up solo. You're getting vibrations in your recto. Who the hell are you kidding, asshole? This is divine. This is his contribution to this show, and to the human race, Book of Brian's thinks. Like it's gonna hurt his feeling, okay? When he comes in here to get a check, it's gonna really hurt his feeling, he's wounded. That's some asshole, some putwacker, some old fart who couldn't get enough for $10 million. Some old codger like you is busy huckin' a trying to cure. Here's a mobile in my, uh-huh. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty out of eighteen, two wireless line. Got, we got him all out today. You got the old codgers out, we got your three who the off-rends out there, that a busy, I guess. I get to not in the same room today, so they can't play with each other, maybe they're doing phone sex. Here's a mobile in Poffero Beach, Chelo. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? I had a copy of the Crepitating Contest on a record that I had in the 1960s, and I heard on your station, a little outtake, I believe, from another part of that record that was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Yeah, that was the outtake. Yeah. And if you can. If you had a copy of that, I'd like to donate a copy of what? You, it seems to me that you played the Crepitating Contest every once in a while. Right. And I heard that Jerry Lewis, a little take from the Jerry Lewis thing. Do you have the entire album? No. No. That's too bad. Okay, it's too bad for us because now we won't copy any money, okay? We have an open line in date one in Broward. Is there anybody out there wants to give money without getting anything and return? They want to make a charitable donation that's fully taxed and not available? No. Okay, just checking. 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T, wireless line. See, I always used to wonder all those years that watch those telephones because of Jerry Lewis. You watch a few minutes of those telephones before you started throwing up any other phone, something else on a year. And you'd wonder, how come they have to bring all these people on here to raise money? And they have to do a song and a dance or like PBAP. A public television does. You know, they show you a little bit of a concert or a little bit of whatever it is. And then they come on they beg for money. And I say, if you give us a money, we'll show you the rest of this, you know? Because the overwhelming majority of people will not donate a dime to any cause unless they get something to return for it. Which correctly, when you come right down, it would, is that really donating? No. But nevertheless, that's the only, you know, that's the way you've got to play the game. Well, yeah, here's the donation. What do we get for it? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a comment about Miami-Herald yesterday. It was one of the funniest things in the first thing I thought it was you. Underneath the section where it's, that today's games, there's other times in the points, bread. They have a little somewhat on the Miami-Doffing game. And they go, open, raiders running back to Napoleon, McCallum. Really? Instead of copying, McCallum has evolved print. Yeah. In both bread, disobeyable. Well, you haven't read a mistake, do you? Uh-huh. Yeah, I've eaten from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, McCallum. Well, you know, like, you made a liar. Maybe, yeah, they didn't like the fact that it was a Jewish name. You know, they're all anti-Semite, they're, they're all most, and we have an open line of day two and Broward, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in plantation, hello. Yeah, I got. Yes, sir. Continuing the jet story, so they pull away from the game with 30 seconds to go. They go to get air. They go to a commercial, a public service announcement for trial rail, featuring John Vandes for a, in a pattern uniform. Yeah. Well, I mean, it was like produced by Wany, who was horrible, I could have showed the end of the game. So, the channel for really, really didn't get the end of the game on? No. If they want to, PSA is featuring John Vandes for a, because it doesn't even play here. Exactly, already told us that. Thank you. But so they didn't get the end of the game. It's like the Heidi game all over again. They dropped out here people like the guy said before they watched almost four hours to see the outcome of a game, which was decided on basically the last play. Well, not exactly the last play because, but almost the last play, because Dennis Erickson must be drinking too much again. Instead, I use them as two time-outs that he's got left with a minute and four-year- seconds of the game. He waits until the jet gets the bogga, the fan them touched down, and then they get the ball back with like 14 seconds left. Nice going there. Dennis, have another drink. Oh, my God. Is this man a coach? No. Wow. What a jackass. We have an open line and of course you didn't see that because that's a general foreblagged about. And most of you don't have your satellite dish. What are you waiting for? There's, see, that doesn't happen when you have the small dish. You don't have to worry. Am I going to get cut out of this game? Or am I because every game is on a different, you know, you don't have to worry about the four clock games. They're on separate channels. Two and a half to worry about again getting chopped off, so they can show you another game because on a small dish, does it ever happen? No, what does not. The only worst thing that might happen is start raining like a son of a bitch, like real real super hard, and you lose the picture for a few seconds. What happens like once in a green moon? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? Yes, sir. I have a couple. I made ten years old. I just graduated from high school. I wanted a house to get a job at WTOM on your show. How to get a job doing one? What do you mean on my show? Doing one. Do anything, being a gold for any? Yeah, don't, no jobs. No jobs now. Nothing, not even foreign or coffee, nothing? No. Okay. Well, I think it shows great. Okay, good luck, pal. No jobs. All of the stuff might be able to audition you. We have an open line and they'd want to... What? One in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Come on over and ask for our program director, Duffland Z. You might give you a post in the intensive personal audition, okay, sir? Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Yeah, I'm calling about the channel four, taking the jet off. Yes? Not the defense channel four because they suck, but that's the talk with the TV. These stations and the league. Yeah. If you got a hall, if you got your home team that's coming on at four o'clock, they have to cut away a lot of contract. Yeah. Like I said, more reason to have a satellite dish. Absolutely. Okay, that's good. You got a bless, you sir. Here's a call from Fort Myers. Who's too excited, but never less than what he was talking about? We have an open line in Broward, two in date. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. On the AT&T Wireless line, 22 till noon of QM. Hank will be a chul as a two o'clock, blue and bow, and Kimba will be a pop at a park with a frow pregame from undernet football, six to lead a conc tonight. And what do we got tonight? Green Bay and Tampa Bay? Battle of the Bay and gay abays. It a clock tonight. Next time you need a great pair of new shoes, don't trust your feet to just anybody. You know where to go by now, but tell me about these people for a very long time. Brandy shoes and pop at a base. They're great. They're unbeatable. For over 19 years now, they've been selling quality shoes, top name brands. Shoes that fidget great look great too. Over 30,000 pair of famous names shoes and hottest styles. And all the top brands in the shoe business. Floreshines, tobacco, dester Bostonian, echo, easy spirit, carts, S.A.S. And don't forget brandy is the largest retailer of great rockport shoes in the entire state of Florida. Get your feet into brandy. Let their experience staff help you pick up the shoes that look best. And fit you perfectly too. Man is that an important thing when it comes to your feet. You'll find brandy's at $12.90 federal highway in pop at a beach. You can drive right up to the front door if you like. And if they don't have exactly what you're looking for in stock, they order $40. No extra charge. You'll have Ponto Tonto. Brandy shoes and pop at a column at $95.494. $9.43. $96.67. When it comes to your feet, it doesn't get any better than Brandy. This is $56. You way out. Look at him speaking. Good bye. I, O, T, the Memories of that Slet's devastation. That was that fate. And for AM that was quite a plane. Hot and packed in words, they didn't. To blow it all in. When they build those condos and blocks that tower off, you'll be lowered down into your plane. And you work great at one time, but now you stand more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never see numbers you can't stand again. Yet clear can't almost what they're doing. What's so interesting? But no regrets in the morning. They possibly really, really, really good bye, O, T. Let's go a Gregor. Let's give the proof the resurrect of that retired team. That retained the fact in so little grudges. Their channel has a scheme. But it's clear to see that. This side, all their core crew, it's in thickest. They can't hide the fact. Without feel they got a crappy deal. And you look great at one time, but now you stand more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never be in the first you can't stand again. Yet clear can't almost what they're doing. They say no one's listening anymore. They're going to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy. I met Guy inspired me since he called about 200 times with the A Book of Brian Bullcraft and then a couple of other pirates started calling it with the same crap. I'm going to play almost all Book of Brian the rest of the day. I'm inspired. Great stuff. Stuff that we want to hear over and over again. Right. One call left on the board. George tells me that because of the time ago, the commercial break, I get inspired. We brought one was on hold, but as soon as we went to that commercial break, not important enough to hang on. I guess I know where I am on his pecking order. We got one call left on the board. Five in and it's going to be a Book of Brian concert. Okay. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and higher. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. I wanted to comment about that. Yeah. The second and goal to go when they made the announcement. They're going to switch off my God. Okay. They ran second down. They ran third down. And then the jet call time now. Right. Like head minutes before the my end. That's my big plan because I was listening in the morning show. And I heard that the old sports Joe that guy that's a pain in the ass and the guy with the eyes. All these chronics calling in. And then we're even talking about that. And I thought to myself, if the dolphin people or anybody who hates the jet saw that and realizes how they stole a game yesterday. They'd be psychotic now understand that almost nobody here saw it. Exactly. Unless they had a dish. I'm a jet fan. So, you know, I was really mad. When you got an early Chris. Oh, oh, got a gift. You got to know I don't. But you got a nice early Christmas gift. Believe me. No matter. It's a win in the column. Right. Oh, I know that's what everybody says. We'll take it. They don't want to get into a replay center pain in the price. Terrible. Okay. Like he said, we'll take it. And that's what I always say. Whatever team I'm rooting for. We get a crappy call in our favor. Hey, we'll take it. You get enough crappy calls against you. So that's why people aren't writing in the streets. You're about to just being given the game yesterday because they didn't see the end of the game. Wow. What a concept. Another brilliant move by the NFL. You know, I've got to cut that off. Even though we can't even get the other game on. But we got to chop that off because that's what the contract is. See, the other game before the dolphin game. That's just filler. That's just to fill the three hours to get you ready to get you warmed up for the home. Whatever home team you're watching. And even if you have some kind of a rooting interest in favor or against whatever it might be. And I don't worry about seeing the end. We just killed some good time. Now let's go to what you're really waiting for. Here's a cool. Here's a cool. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling for the problem with the jetking. Yeah. And he said, no, because of the contracts of the NFL, and we're going to go cut it off. But I can understand, cut it off and go direct it to Miami game. But they cut it off to get commercial about heroin. Yeah, okay. Great. Well, I think you must have taken a advice. We have two open lines in date. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, 1040. No more Julios today. No more. If I have no calls at all, no more. You're a little Julios out there, please. They must be doing heavy duty drugs as some kind. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The best part of the way in the article? Yeah. With the statement that you are show with the only one that got no ratings. Oh, really? That was one of the statements. We sold every show except Neil Rogers. People wouldn't touch it. Uh-huh. That's a lie. We had a no. We had as many paid spots on there. We had Player Trappercall. We had all kinds of spots on there. The one at the bottom of time. And they claimed it was one of the lines that after a while they wouldn't watch it. They wouldn't buy it anymore because nobody could hear the show. And then they claimed to be able to go there was one of their highest promoted shows. Right. There you go. That's the show. All right. We got the rate of say, I guess they forget the fact that we got the ratings. We had ones and two. Just like all of the other shows. And most of their shows had zeros. Zero's and ones. Other best days they had ones. And if this is coming from Maddie Lesham? Yeah. All the other that explains it. And if they're best show right now for the highest rating. It's a monster. Oh, the one we have. Well, that that takes a lot of talent. This was supposed to be a different cutting edge station, right? It was going to put on very original unique different local programming. And their highest rated shows are mesh and the monsters. TV from here. And can you yeah. TV from Uranus right. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Oh, thank God. I didn't see that. I really would have been depressed. Maddie Lesham cutting me in as there you go. The popcorn the kettle puce. Open line and date one and brought five cv and the only reason that he's got a bug up is that is because I told on the air exactly what he is an asshole. Because all the while that they were here taping and all the problems that we had technically in other words, I was exposing him for being a Charlotte and that he is who knows nothing about the business. Did he ever work in TV before? No. Does he know anything about it? No. Has they got any real numbers over there? No. The TV station is when he has made industry disgrace. Oh, Joe. Oh, there you go. So must all be in the Rogers problem. That's right. Must be my fault that I did. Even though they were showing the show with 830 and 1030 and they were showing it on Sunday and they were showing it all over the goddamn place. Must have been my fault. And if that's the case, how come they didn't pull it off? How come after our loud got yanked off? And all these other shows got out left up? How come it's still on now? It's that's the case. Because they have to pay me till the end of May, whether it's on or not. So why the hell not? Not just the yanket and the show too. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, Chelo. Any on the area? Okay, sir. A couple things. First of all, I made a radio accident. Heard Randy Rhodes. She sounds like a typical pseudo intellect. You just figured out what's going on in Washington. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Oh, yeah. Oh, god. Terminal. The second thing is. Hundred. Yes. She's become a political naven. Oh, my god. I'm unbelievable. I'm a little diff. I need to know if I wanted to get one of those and watch the dolphin game. You mean that's the home game and it's blacked out. Would I be able to watch it on the other team's home station? No. No, it's blacked out. You mean I can't put on like the Raiders home station that was down there? It's not a question of home station. It's not stations. It's the network. There's no such thing as station. The networks, as you know, it's got all the games now. Fox and CBS and ABC have all the NFL games. Right. It's a local game that's blacked out. You're not going to get it anywhere. Okay. That's what I needed to know. Okay. Thanks. We have two open lines in Howard one and eight. Five very, surely crowd here today. Very, surely very unhappy. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18. I guess they're unhappy because I came on the beginning of the show. And I said I wanted some money for Senator one. I said I wanted a lot of these doughed over to go out through the borders or to go hop on the internet on theoardrees.com or pick up the phone and call set or one at five, six, three, thirty, six hundred or just go out to their border store and pick up a bunch of CDs and cassette and help us get to 100 grand. Or else just pop a check in the mail. Amail it to a WQAM 202.95 North West second avenue Miami, three, three, one, six, nine for five bucks or ten bucks or a hundred bucks. Almost every person, man woman in child is listening to me right now. Could afford five or ten bucks to help us not to get to our goal. Well, most of them do it. No. No, overwhelming majority of them will say no a thousand times. No. That's what they'll say. Don't bother us. Here's a lady in Del Ray Beach, hello. There are two busy watching the monsters in that. There you go. That's right. There you go. That's right. It's five dollar chat. Coral. Coral. It's something that really is important. I just wanted to tell you that. I think, bokebrine is one, a genius. Making you laugh every time. And I was unable to get your show up here in Palm Beach, but it doesn't surprise me that they would blame you for all these terrible situations that are happening with their show if they have never been in the industry. I never, ever in my life realized how much really is going on in a radio station until I worked in one. Never. How to clip. Well, I mean, every show they put on, every local show they put on was a bomb, city, desk was a bomb, ocean drive was a bomb. The only show they put on that they've ever got any numbers was 10s. And I said that right from the beginning would get numbers because they had a bunch of almost naked young people on there and then people want to watch that. That's what they were saying. That's right. That in match. There you go. Listen, I want to make one. I want to make one. Okay, Pasta, you want to say yes. If I could please. I went first in honor of the season since everyone is so thoroughly and grumpy. Let's make them laugh. Okay. Let's see. And have a great day. Have two open lines and date one at Broward 560-560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think you're doing a great job. Yes. Everything you do is whatever you touch is gold. No, yeah. George is great. You're going to hold in the sun, sent a little tell you. Yeah, Boca Brian's great. Mm-hmm. Can I make a request? Maybe. Uh, because ship almost died. Okay. All right. Have a great day. Get out of here. Okay. You sucked around and sucked around. Could you make a request? Brian, by the way, do we want to play that? Oh, okay. Just checking. What open line? It's Broward 460-560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. I've got to tell you. The ultimate blow. All the years I've been on here is when Paul Harvey Jr. gets on hold. And he doesn't even hold on. Then I know I've just totally lost it. At that point. I know I've just got nothing left. And believe in, if he's the last thing that I'm clinging to, then I'm right close to the edge. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. You make two football comments. Yes? Okay. First of all, the jazz fan didn't see the end of the game. The cursor hide is still laying. And also, too. Even though Florida's playing in the orange ball, I kind of wish you the University would have been with me. It's here, queues. Because I want to see what a queues spirit does not have to play. Okay, great. We'll call one of the sports you wasn't talking about. Steve Spurrier and about Bobby Bowen and about all those red necks in Florence. Call up, people, and talk about that. He's obsessed with that craft. I've obsessed with college football. Psychotic with it. Like a disease, like a mental illness. What open line and grow are two in date? 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. They can't wait till two o'clock for that stuff. Okay. Four hours a day. We give you primarily an interlude from that stuff. We give you a break or respite to let your brains unscramble. Can they handle it? No. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, I know you're getting kind of the trouble with this football talk, but I want to say not only do they cut the jet game early and then play like five minutes of commercial, but then by the time they started the dolphin game, it was already third and eight. And the dolphins were getting a little gritty to get out of them. Well, they had a technical problem. Why is everybody calling about that? They had a problem. Well, what type of problems? The contract says that they have to cut out of the world again. Whenever the local telecast is on of the local home team, the contract says they got to cut out. But why didn't they start the dolphin game on time? Because they had a technical problem, obviously picking it up. And sir, do you understand? Well, I have to draw you a diagram. They had a technical problem getting that telecast. These people just don't get it. Write them a goddamn telegram. Not on his door. Give them a goddamn singing lettergram. Do something. Draw it on his ass. Draw him a picture. Wow. They had some kind of a problem in addition to which anybody, then, that's any of that dolphin Oakland game yesterday. They were doing you a public service against the girls team against the quarterback. That's like a five year old child. Oh, here, here's the ball. Here's another touch to us. I mean, what the hell was that? Jimmy was over there. He was taking no dose. You don't know if that he was taking no dose on the sidelines. He knew that they were playing a goddamn girls team with a five year old quarterback. But what was there to even talk about in that game? My god, Denver comes from behind in a chitillating contest yesterday that anybody with a brainwatch that game and pulls it out of their ass to stay undefeated dramatic fashion. Is anybody talking about that? Oh, the jet's getting, of course, I understand why most people are talking about the jet's games because you got ripped off. He didn't see the fourth down place where Vinnie Square to find a touchdown. And I'm touched down. Fourth and goal. He runs a quarterback draw. He goes up the middle. He gets to the one foot lines. He's down. His helmet. If getting the helmet in the end zone is a touchdown, then it was a touchdown. The ball was on the two foot line. Is getting your helmet into the end zone a touchdown? Oh, I'll call you to this crew. It was. And believe me, if that maybe they knew, maybe they were stuck. Maybe they knew that it would maybe the fix was in. Maybe they knew that they were going to give them the game. And they didn't want the local dolphin fans riding and having an reverse breakdown and screaming and carrying on and having something to talk about all week. Maybe that's why they chopped it and the game too. Two open lines in date, 560560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. If you had a satellite dish, we could talk. We could communicate if you had a goddamn dish. Four minutes till noon at 560, QA, and it's that time of the year when everybody's calling your friend a relative somewhere around the states or even around the world. So why pay more for long distance calls than you have to. When you can use the MTS Florida card, the new prepaid phone card that can save you up to 70% on all your long distance calls. The MTS Florida card is now available at more places than ever before in town. Just visit your nearby convenience store, gas station, pump tent, wherever. And as for the MTS Florida card, it's available in three, five and ten dollars in nominations. And the rates are among the lowest in the universe. Call anywhere in the USA as well as four cents a minute. Call Canada six cents a minute. The American Republic Tencent, Chilean, Colombia, nine cents, Puerto Rico, only six cents a minute. Calls the England, only eight cents a minute. Low rates anywhere you call all over the world. The MTS Florida card is a perfect Christmas or Hanukkah gift. Just to get in a greetings card, set it to somebody you care about and write to them. And now you can tell them there's no excuse not to call me because I'd be paying for it. Don't forget, all calls to USA as well as four cents a minute for more information to order your MTS Florida cards. Just call us numbers as easy as that call 305. Six four four double o 66. That's 305. Six four four double o 66. Price and subject to changes a connection fee may apply. This is five six feet. UAM. The Neil Roger show. Now on five six feet. WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Stiles the spark. Daddy's spark. He can send your nose apart. He can't see the cut, can't tell. The dumb ones did it by that awful spell. What a hell did you eat? It smells just like broccoli. Thighless bark. Daddy's bark. I've got one. At taste heart. I've got some warm and fresh smell all alone. She was very much a horrible smell. I walked right out of that flame. With a face smile on my face. Dying with bark. Daddy's bark. Luing it is widening our feet. Let us one go, but don't go. The sight has the sense of your capacity. If you're in church when you do. You'll have to stay in you too. One number in top today has been a step to something I want to know who's got the cheese. A blue chip on this dot hits the gray chip and it's very soft when you roll whole day. This is what the back with Jerry. It's a wood chip and it smells like an orange. It's more of an 8-cylinder new diet than he. They told the party in the sea. It's not always a toilet, both your sins don't use a glass. And if you go play the old, no. Why does he choose to rush the church or the slaves? They don't serve no food and do get cheese. They beat it back to you. That's what the book of Ryan. The first shot with the $10 fee for just parking. Not ballet parking. The first shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $10 fee for just parking. The third shot with the $90 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $100 fee for just parking. The fifth shot with the $690 fee. The second shot with the $30 fee for just parking. The second shot with the $80 fee for even a single paycheck. The second shot with the $49 fee or the $87 fee, to invade 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line where do you go on your feeling lucky Hollywood seminal gaming sons good brings the word to mind towards brings the word to minds cash in excitement Hollywood's seminal gaming's got 550 gaming machines which pay out big time including a special bank of machines with jackpot starting at 100 grand going as high as 389 grand Hollywood's seminal gaming offers all a great poco action 7 card stud Omaha Highlow Texas hold of in 70234 as well as weekly poker tournaments in dating in tournaments of all kinds of buy-ins and revise for the experience player or the novice play Hollywood's seminal gaming's toward daily sessions of ice-dake spingo 1115 a m3 715 and 1045 p.m. and don't forget to Hollywood's seminal gaming mommy dolphin gold rushes local and strong register by filling out an entry form the list of this week's dolphin broadcast here on 2 a.m. and you could take on this week's jackpot a 5250 bucks it's all weight nine yet Hollywood's seminal gaming on a corner 441 and sterly road but every year in the mood they're ready for you because they never close through up in 24 hours a day seven days a week even on chavoyce tons of reparking valet parking weight nine yet just call nine five four nine six one thirty two twenty if you're interested in the group bus tour southward is most exciting place to hit the big money it's at Hollywood's seminal gaming this is five sixy two a.m. it's the dolphin's in jail the showdown at the pro Sunday night countdown to kick off start it for the games that a 20 with bills difference in managed making the call on sports radio five 16 2 a.m. Floridian dumb ad search all right 16 at five sixty w q m thanks to Mike and sales here at q m give us a nice check for sent a one thanks a lot Mike about our sales manager she come up with a thing yet oh oh because I was just a listen to that and think of doing the break back at i.o.d. sales manager alpho was used to come up with a nice big check Jeff Clark the general sales manager used to come up with a nice big check every year no matter who we were raising money for just message that and passing two open lines in day to a broad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line but I do want to say this so you don't have to be worried about being burden with this anymore like next year this is it this is the last uh... best of meal the last fun raise the last beating your first one of the first of all i said this for consistently for years it's not very exciting listening to be listening to radio show and having a guy in the music all well you know uh... help us with the money you know for charity it's very boring and ponders that's why always try to ride the fine line of not overdoing it and the only reason i'm doing it today is because we're running out of time we got three weeks left and we're gonna fall like white your short of uh... even close to half of our gold looks like so that's why i'm making an exception today but uh... what's the point i mean you know the majority of folks out there don't want to donate to anything no matter what it is they don't want to help out there obviously not interested in getting this material for themselves for somebody else for uh... their friends their enemies uh... their in laws so uh... you know why why beaded at horse you do the vestige can and i believe it all the year real uh... to land surface in telepathy nebence he can raise money for center one and for the homeless and take over all the charitable work and she'll be lots about it in the newspapers through if he does tool for life today to a grower five six seven five sixty pong five sixty on a mobile one line north my amy hello hello yes sir and you know how you're doing okay let's not got a beef meal you know uh... i feel promoting for a tropical and stuff like that you know i know you're like chicken okay i'm not sure and we're not i told you no more holios okay no more no more no more no more they're all the same even if they are part of their little corks they're still all the same okay we got nothing to turn on w q b a turn on black urbanism uh... turn on something we can relate to okay to help with it all turn on and hear about the election in vina swelok we don't want to talk to people like that nothing but sour bullcraft with a better roma to it okay that's not like jakita's bananas here's bokeh hello hey near how are you okay sir first of all i wanted to say uh... happy holidays to you and your staff there and well stand to you sir i mean this audience is really in a holiday mood question about that recalcitrant yeah and the ones who are called all got uh... sour or sour puts i can't believe it anyway it's a line for a whole year of uh... laughter and i got a one of your uh... CDs and i'm enjoying it when you're not on the air well thank god for you you have a great holiday and stay healthy and uh... everybody just chill out and have a good time we're all in life back to you okay he must have the good stuff he must have the good crap you know i mean we have an open line in the brownie all three and eight five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in four lot of the all-all hey you're okay uh... question of first of all bokeh Brian he's the best i understand that i uh... he's he's one of the one guy out there who evidently maybe uh... bokeh Brian jolted him or something or he's you know maybe his bokeh Brian blow up down burst maybe that was it sound a little personal too yeah uh... question that on your small dish do you get the uh... wasco's feet the one with a cbs he got uh... different time time zones yeah you have the light of the cable station which is a real i tell me don't get the uh... i i don't want the west coast to be i got to get that on the big dish okay but i know what you're saying you're working at the network here you can do that now and then if the game is on that feed they will broadcast it i know you're saying like on the one on the ticket they don't but if it's on the feed they will broadcast it you mean a local game that's black down that's correct okay absolutely anyway great show the luck of the one i said my check-in and uh... love you and thank you so much okay we have an open line at brown at all three and eight five six seven other we got to hold your cranks off of the county i said doesn't leave anybody in the county doesn't know five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in four lot of deal hello hey uncle neo how to go in okay sir and thirty other monday's in my life is not a great relationship later it's pretty weak i'm sorry to hear that you're not going to stay involved with the charities you know i've been something i've last year i didn't have money to your before but last year i bought two or three the albums that i've got and uh... maybe you can have someone in the for you but still you know throw together a best of i'm a man and no no no well we tell you given to the community for long enough and if that's your prerogative that fine we love you neo take care of okay thanks now i'm just uh... this is it this is the end of the road okay for red doing that and when you see the interest look at that we got one call on the board they're not you they have no interest and then George was the reminiscing before about these great assholes that come along your favorite this time they've been doing this for years and they look they pick up the city and they look at it and all well that's pretty good stuff but how about if you made a cassette from me i'll pay a few bucks and it's usually like five or ten bucks and it's in the Georgia's gonna take like an hour of his time to you know custom make them a cd that's got the stuff that they want on their can't we just make a cd rarer for hundred and fifty thousand different people sure no problem uh... if we live long enough if we live to like my food's not till nine hundred maybe we'll have the time to be able to do that for five or ten bucks man like one of the early bird dinner trying to get money on these batches we have an open line and date one and borrowed five six seven oh five six they on another gut-wrenching monday on another puking dozing it's enough to give you what's that is a crown disease if it's not up to twist your intestines here's a mobile in davie hello hey hey doing okay um... stop on cd uh... at shelves on Saturday just wanted to thank you for all the chat to that i picked up and uh... it's been all that i got my cd sign and uh... just for everybody know here you're real my guy uh... and uh... just thanks for all the entertainment and the like and have a happy i got back to you have a great to like okay to open lines in barred one and eight five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a ten-reign here hello oh yes sir uh... sorry here you're having a bad day but that's typical in uh... this area yes part of the course here's first-down monday palard like uh... off the feet on monday you know i made it to great i made miss the dot already didn't send in a donation but i'd like to uh... order your cd's uh... if i can yes sir and i'll be glad to send another donation how can i do it uh... i'm down here i'll listen on bro give you a center one number okay nine five four nine five four five six three five six three thirty six hundred thirty six hundred yes sir they'll take all of them you got and as far as whammy goes and arrested that stuff i'll tell you why it wasn't for you there's no reason to look at it and if uh... you're not on the radio that thing in the middle of my dash might be a flower part okay thanks a lot not a great life yes you know anything after well you know i started telling like it is about that you want they wanted to show to fail badly they wanted it to be a miserable failure and they got their wish at least i had a lot of company on there everything they put on every or locally originated show on that station was a major bus they bomb a failure no matter what kind of spin they try to put on two open lines and browned one and eight five six seven five sixty five six three five sixty on a mobile one line here's north Miami hello north Miami hey how you doing the okay sir that's gonna ask your question is there anyway they can overturn that jet Seattle game that was because of the controversial call no of course not as it can't do that the judgment call they blew it and the announces by the way were great i mean they really after i've forgotten was announcing that game but they just ripped the officials and said that uh... the only thing that's gonna happen is that there will be a phone call made on two day and i can't even use the uh... head referee still say well we're very sorry in the center and that's all they're gonna do they'll say sorry we blew it for the eight minutes time yeah because i guess there's these we're gonna be over because of that first the adult well it makes me happy i'm not not rooting for the jet but it's anytime dentists and losing i say yeah there's another asshole by to the dust okay go have another drink dent and he deserved to lose anyway man some of the worst coaching in history has got him almost two minutes left he's got two time out but the jet they're driving for the lead score and he's not calling any time out nice going dentist open line of day two and a word five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in bell blade hello yes sir how are you okay listen i think i'm in delg late but i'm calling because your good personal generous friend limer had a show on radio last night or you're the one i heard of yeah i am the one that heard it but then i turned back to the crop reports yeah but it was pretty good john david soon was terrific too i just wanted to listen and i'm gonna stay up on a sunday eleven o'clock at night to hear jiff rumor i can hear i can hear on the phone at any time and it was in civic conversation they stopped yeah pop up pop up pop up but thanks for the good news remember must have paid this guy to do a free plug eleven o'clock at night every sunday eleven p.m. the one and a morning what a time huh john david soon and the rimman doing their hockey inside it would be learning anything from that sure last night i think about that pop up and i don't know maybe somebody will call but i doubt it we have an open line of day one at braward five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on a mobile one line it's twelve twenty six a few and thanks for msula's it too the boog in the the bow boog in bow and a shmo from uh... pop up a park at six and eighty clock we got money that football the packers and Tampa Bay not getting a great night's sleep you probably don't feel worth a crap so why not do something about it get yourself a great mattress a lot of people tossing turn they don't realize the week and i can do a good night sleep is close their mattress is handed guess what virginia they don't let it last forever you want to get yourself a fantastic mattress and a great night sleep every night of your life pick up the phone called dial a mattress is one eight hundred m a t t r e s get yourself a new city posture peatik Simmons beauty rest sort of perfect sleeper and find out what a great night's sleepers really all about you're gonna get a hundred percent guarantee that you're gonna be happy with that new mattress because if you're not when they deliver it they take it back no questions as and they deliver a fast man like within a couple hours after you make the call they deliver from key west to Orlando everywhere in between so call dial a mattress right now to help you pick out a mattress just exactly what you like sleeping on one eight hundred m a t t r e s mentioned the neorondier show and get an extra fifty bucks off on a new premium mattress to a state even more than ever before and you do save a ton of cash up to sixty percent off what you pay for exactly the same good and you're better your department store so it's the only smart way to buy a new mattress pick up your phone right now and call them toll free 1 800 m a t t r e s that's 1 800 m a t t r e s we've got the last edge because it stands for something this is five six feet 2 a l where do you find hey go bird right where do you got it sports radio 5 60 q a l I I don't know who the Bible is like I know. I don't know what the Bible is like. Like a wild Christian. And how we all know St. Ian acts alike and not their things, whenever it's appropriate. Yeah, definitely wonderful. Everybody in the world was right and Christians. And look at the same things and say the same things. boring, I don't think so. No, to me that would be paradise. And we have a good way. I see things like a wild Christian. And how we all must think alike. All the days black and yet long must die. And we have an open line of day and one and a brown. Anybody care? Any interest out there today? Oh, set or one? Anybody concerned about that? The best thing is we only do these appearances. And you know, I'm talking about the people off one was good. That was great. We had just lots of people and the place was packed. And they were living and breathing people and it was great of all the appearances that we've done this year. That was the one that I was in. We raised almost three grand there two by the way. So I think, you know, all the way around. That was the real winner. But the other ones have been basically a chore. And you know, you kind of sit there and you wait and I look at George and he looks at me. And we look at the Carol from set of one and we look at the volunteers. And they look at the wall and you look at your watch. And then a couple of people a couple of strack with. And believe me, I appreciate very much those people who've come by at each and everyone, I'm certainly not putting them down. It's just there've been few and far between. Few and far between. And you know, like I said, we've done too much of this, okay? Especially those stupid Neil ghost of the old picture cards. Everybody that gets like Willie Deville man, he was there in a candle. Remember, well, Willie's got a collection. He's probably got 10,000 of those cards. So it's the, you know, the same small handful of people that have been donating and helping you. I'm coming by and saying, hello, how are you? We're happy to see you. We love you. I'm going to say those things. I'm going to say these things. That's the same handful of generally speaking. For years and years and years. And that's great. But the rest of the people out there I've motivated as many people as I'm capable of doing. And that's it. I've done my damnedest. Like it's Shals on Saturday and I'm very appreciative for the fact that they cooperated with us and they're given 10% of the appetite of somebody that they collected all day long to set a one which is a really nice thing. But I mean, you kind of sit there. You're playing a chat, which was great. guys and uh... you know you're sitting in luckily i mean jocos fellow was there and uh... christus christia the nephew was there christry and worse in george of course and worse in the round have a little conversation and a couple of people would show up and uh... then you have like another long law for a man just uh... get this get it there is no interest anymore i say hello to more listeners at an average hockey game at the panther game i say hello during the course of sitting there for couple hours then i do with the appearances anymore they've got enough autographs did got enough picture cards and of course we have no bumper stickers do we have no station member be no we have no key to know we have no but we have nothing that's his qa m on it so there you go so i'd be the dead horse okay we got the one more parents at borders and plantation on the seven nineteen three fifty from the two and maybe because that's out there and was brought maybe we'll get some people by and maybe not we'll see that's the least it's close to the house anyway here's the hell and they'll hello hell and they'll yes yes sir it's work morning long good show i'm calling about channels for good doing the NFL football games last monday channel for nine today with carried in doing when it fits per game that on Thursday they took that game off and maybe they discovered there's a lot more in the yorker's here than the rower on the wing with a pistol piece that was my next statement right i figured out there's more new yorker well that are all right so there's a lot of people watching the jess but they said they received permission from cbs so i was to do one to carry the car yeah to carry the jess yeah to sign regionally who they're supposed to carry but then if the station you know if they get a ton of calls from on the yorker's or whoever they i guess can ask for a for a change okay the never controlled that stuff with an iron fest believe me i believe you on the arm because okay channel four can make up their mind and they thought that and we agree they said okay okay that's what we wanted me to say and they do they suck okay we have an open line at drower in all three in date county goodbye to date county is the nice no one yet farewell date county and bokeh brag you do another one of those songs goodbye date county five six seven five six the pound five six the unimobile one line here's tempered pines hello hello me yes hey i was watching our listening to q a m last night and guess who was on john davidson and jess the rimmer we're just talking about the real i can't really yeah oh it was awesome they talked about the paddleberry thing it's good to get a lot about the paville berething what are they saying no they did we get any information about it not not as a name but Brian Burke had said that there was more more teams involved and what is uh... discussed it'll be multi-multiping trades and uh... Brian Burke either wanted five first round picks for paddleberry um... but even swaps paddleberry for who he says he's got ten people that are he would evenly swap for and uh... a youth movement so that's what they were talking about but that doesn't tell us anything well no it's just i was i want to information i want to know where is the last part then going who was going to get a paville berething you can't have a big uh... i want to think they asked my smithet on Saturday before the game and he said no oh well i think robes eminer and maybe a pick or the flop another goalie uh... for or Felix potton yeah uh... you never know what the hell it comes up and you know what the n stands for in the brass department meal is okay we have an open line you figured out two open lines in day to no all brown one call after the board again okay another lively crowd here today on a monday baby there all of it man five six seven they're all pissed off the channel four five six seven oh five fifty and pong five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and highly our last call of the day not even on the right line hello hello yes sir i mean a lot of you find a center thing a neocott story i was watching he's trying to set it a night and he uh... jib doctor stalking through the ship of the uh... both holographic images and they're debating the morality of uh... all the case that they have and one has to be other to you remember the first line of the old and he says to no harm how do you like that i started laughing i said hey you know and the other guy said no god that's right i was expecting that any minute neocott you'll take three hundred years my head you're gonna make it beauty thanks for the good news pal five me out of the cycle say how to do a doctor's park or mister spaco uh... benjamin spock two open lives a day four hundred and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line twenty one before one at five sixty w qm holiday time is here and after you get rid of all these pinnuous guest and visitors and intruders and in laws and everybody else is going to be there next year four weeks you're gonna want to pick up the phone and call my good friends at dry concepts and say please put my house back in order to get my carpet so can like brand new again and i'll do it no matter how much of a message you have left on your hands the miracle workers the dry concepts can make the even the schmothi is looking carpets looks just like brand new with a exclusive patented dry cleaning method they suck out even the deepest down dirt way down the fibers of your carpet which makes them look brand new which makes them last uh... hell of a lot longer and make some stay cleaner longer too and your carpet are gonna smell and the fresh because the folks at dry concepts apply disinfectant as they do in the cleaning job and the left recharge to you and speaking of charges don't forget one of the great things about them you never have to ring your hands and worry are they gonna attack on some bad surprises at the end of the job because they give you a written guarantee job right up for before they ever start doing anything in addition to great carpet cleaning also do a super job furniture cleaning great for cleaning spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plenary and a rug service the authorization even complete water damage restoration nobody in the universe does it for your like dry concepts which is why i've been using for years and they've cut a call 305 nine three oh thirty six thirty six nine three oh thirty six thirty six and bro had nine five four five eight one forty seven thirty nine five eight one forty seven thirty nine and upon beach column at five six one nine three oh forty seven thirty nine where do you find Joe Rose just to far since the cold season the first team white where do you got it sports radio five sixty two eight out it seems it was empty behind I'm wearing her clothes, because they're fancy, oh, walk in red of the way, and underwear. In the store, they're the dirty, but the wheels count. Like we're in, they hold me so tight, like hands count that night. Walk around and push it and run to where you are. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am a peeperine. You say I'll be ready, you will say, Whoa, bang, run out of the things until the wind is out of town. Later on, you do all I know. We can trade, like my dollar, but on time I change, that you're in the parade. Walk in the land with underwear, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's trade and do. In the store, they're the dirty, but the wheels count. Where you're in her clothes, to panty go. Walk in the land with underwear. Walk in the land with underwear. Walk in the land with underwear. Walk in the land with underwear. Oh God. 45 at 5.60 WQAM. Your laugh and manifestation for the nine. These we have 200 open lines in Broward, one in date. 5.670, five. Sixth the animal will one line. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? I stopped over the other night at the cocky game. You signed two sleeves from my CDs. Between the third and fourth, between the second, third period. I want to thank you very much. I do more signings and more readings of listeners at the hockey teams than in Do what these appearances. Right. And I've been my two CDs this year, but I've been listening to you today. And every year around the holidays, I donate money to cancer society, because both my parents died at cancer. Right. But then I do an enough in my opinion for research for that disease. So this year, I'm going to send another check to you for $100. That's great. That's great. That's great. And I appreciate it. And if you're looking at what do you, a dollar to you, you can raise it to $100,000 on this radio show. The audience said we allegedly have out there. And we must have because everywhere I go, everybody listen to the show. It should be a piece of cake. It should be like hopping out of bed in the morning. I'd like to say, it's a thing, come to a dollar, two dollars. They don't have to even buy the CDs. Right. So it would raise the money. Right. You got it. But I am going to do that. And it's incredibly in my mom and dad and keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. Bye. See there you go. There's a great guy. We got people out there that have, you know, and it's all taxed. It's acceptable, by the way. I just mentioned in passing. Are we going to get towards 100 grand? No. Well, I try and. Two open lines a day and all of a row. We got one call left on the board again here on another coma. In dozing Monday. Are we going into a coma any second now? Are we all going to that rip and wickle, uh, trans? Uh huh. We'll just play Boca Brand stuff the rest of the day to piss that one guy off. 560560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I called you in August. There we are. Just right for when to Vegas. And the reason I'm going back is that I'm a letter carrier. And I was gone for a while. When I came back, you were having all your problems with your mail. Uh huh. And, uh, well, I didn't catch the drift of that, but apparently it's finally straightened out, I hope. But what I do when people have problems, and it's a new forward. I just send them the mail under cover. You know, in the envelope? No, not in Miami and that could be what they didn't do that. Yeah, I heard they didn't. And what surprised me was a lot of letter carriers called you. But nobody said anything about, because you were speaking of the abuton rating and the news and rating. Yeah. I'm a little nervous. And it's like, I started watching my mail. And the people I'm delivering these to have to be at least 75 or 80 my route. And most of them couldn't even hear your station if they turned it on. Oh, hey. Yeah. And I just wanted you to know that might be part of the problem. If everybody else is like mine, I want some of the while I am starting to get the younger people moving in. But I know, half of them are left without an order, which means they don't get me a forward, you know, like they're not exactly there. So I just thought, and also I'm Miami. I live right on top of this door cable, well, it's not store anymore. TCI. Mm-hmm. And when I try to watch you, I have so many ghosts. Really? On my screen, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, somebody technical problems is like, they're saying, Hey, you can't possibly want to watch this because you can't hear it, and you can't see it, but other than that, it didn't agree. Right. Why can't you? Yeah. And I'm just saying, I'm not going to watch you. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm just saying, I'm just saying, it's okay. The watch is all crappy reruns that have been on eight million times. And they just can't figure out why. I cannot get into a big number. And nobody is watching it, especially with all that great promotion. I watch murder she wrote, you know, I'm not. Oh, God. It works anything. Okay, have a great day, Steve. Have a nice day, Steve. Okay, bye-bye. Okay, that takes care of our calls for today. Get where all those pannity as callers kind of clean things up a little bit. And it's only like a 10 to 1. We only got another hour and 10 minutes to go with the no callers on the board. This is a stellar baby. It's spectacular. Spectacular. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Any interest out there? Is it going to be this way all the way through these great holidays? Oh, that's what I'm afraid of. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty and pann five, sixty on the mobile one line. We're waiting. I'm waiting to stick my finger on it. Okay, I'm waiting for a light. I'm waiting for a signal. I'm waiting for a breath. I'm waiting for like any indication. There might be somebody who's living in a live out there. Is there anybody living in a live? No. No. Is there anybody close to it? No. No. No. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pann five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pappano. Hello. How are you doing today? Hey, sir. I think I found where everybody's at today. They're in the mall. Yeah. And I got a little chill to go. I went to go to get a parking space. And there was a lady that jumped in front of me. I wanted to park in my space. Yeah. She was reserving it, I believe, for herself, because she did weigh about what my truck weighs itself. So, I don't know. This kind of time of year, I kind of thank God. I'm Jewish because socks are nowhere, whenever so easy to buy. Oh, I got it. There you go. Ah, happy to know. Okay. There's a Jewish truck driver, whatever he was saying. We have an open line in Broward 600 and they, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, pann five, six on the mobile one line. As we keep squeezing, as we try to keep extracting like that. Harold, that is a real set. How they extract the money very gently from your wallet at the permutules. I'm like the casinos. They're just the anchored out and the money too. Here's a mobile in dear field, B, chill out. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, how are you? I'm a long time listener. I'm going to Europe, this holiday season for the first time. I'm going to be in Munich and in Schuart. It was just curious if you knew how the transportation would be for getting over camps for them and what the cost is for some of the train or is there plain only. You can take the train, but from Munich or Schuart, I don't know where Schuart is. I don't know where Munich is. It's going to take you several hours by train. Is it pretty reasonable or is it better to train? No, train is a better to drive. Well, if you want to run a car, you're going to get there. I would think I'll have a lot sooner. I don't have a lot of 100 miles of this from Munich to Amsterdam. I have no idea. And what are the questions because your world travel with me, you know, my parents were there for like 400 bucks and I'm paying like 780, you're almost 800. And it was just 2 weeks ago and he reached in for that. On the same airline? On the same airline. And you're going coach? Well, I think the sounds also thought, yeah, I coach, yeah, unfortunately. Well, I haven't got any idea. They charge you whatever you would think at this time of the year, the Schuart is within parallelism peak time to be traveling over to Europe. You're able to bump them off at this time? Well, maybe it will be Christmas. Maybe because of the holiday. Well, thanks for the info. I appreciate it. Have a great time. Hello. пару 19. OK, what is the idea at hop on a plane, but in a while I'm the big Spanish or hop on a plane, I have time to waste even on trains for hours. We have two open lines a day to engrawling five six seven 0.57 60 pomp 50060 and moble wonder when I get out of that whip, get off the horse whip. They're Kelly Shepherd gave years ago and see if you can these bastards into a friend that can you do it? No. Can't do it. They're all of them all. They're all slupping. They're all shopping. They're beating each other like they guys said before. We're parking spaces. They're shooting each other. They're not going to each other down because the other guy's got the last for me in the store. Oh yeah. This is the time of year. Goodwill, good piece. They're all looking for good peace on earth. We don't want a good piece. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Hey Neil, I'm a living and breathing normal guy. You were just asking for something to call. Yeah. Hey 80 bucks for orange ball tickets. I nearly died. What's up with that? Meaning what? Well, it's an awful lot of money to go to a stink and football game. Well then my suggestion is I got a really easy solution for you. I know don't go. No, I don't go. They almost they home to watch it on TV. I got a quick introduction of what you and the right mind will run. It's going to be orange ball anyway. Haven't been able to get in this year back to the orange ball. Well, what's up, make it a little more fun because it's more of an arm beyond. You call that ambiance? Well, the the PPP Parker, whatever they call it now is sort of a sterile place. But I'd rather have sterile than be an a toilet. But if that's what you like, more power to your pal, cough up the 80 bucks and have a great time for that ambiance. They're county where there is no ambiance as dead as the door nail. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in coral springs. Hello. How are you doing today? Okay. You know, you don't understand this, the police state. I got one more thing to add to that for the holidays. Apparently, one of the local police stations are going around to these bars at night and they're putting our duck paper over the back. Matt Kelly, for your car, when you pull out other cops will know that you've been to a barn and immediately pull you over. How long can they put duck tape on your car? I don't know. That's just a tip off. The other cops who are taking pull you over and have a breathalyzer test. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. They're putting duck tape on your car? No. Okay. Whatever he says. We have an open line in date, one in the Broward, 500 in Palm Beach, 604 buyers, 560, 505, 505, 60, 50 on a mobile one line. Good. Got all money. I didn't tell you about my other summer vacation you did, I George. Starts tomorrow through the end of the year. Oh yeah. I didn't tell you about that. I forgot. I didn't see a maze at how fast I can get on a plane. I can be out of plane the U name is Phil and the blank within like in a heart heartbeat. New balances arrived in the heart and soul of having two or four does very first new balance concepts, storm on a whole 18 in the US is now open in the oven to remove. What makes new balance of better athletic shoe? For one thing, since most people's feet don't come in just a few wits and sizes, neither does new balance. In fact, most of their shoes are available and wits from a narrow AA to an expansive forery in sizes from kids to 18. Additionally, new balances patented absorb technology and graphite roll bar create the all-lement and cushioning instability. Pediatrists and orthopedists love new balance because they make the best shoes for people who are serious about sports health and fitness and I love to pair. They brought me a couple of weeks ago. Their fantastic walk-in shoes comfortable as can be. New balance specializes in support cushion and comfort so come check out the Florida's most complete line of new balance shoes for sports rest and casual wear as well as the latest signature apparel too. New balance Miami will find them in the oven to a mall or call them at 305-931-1290. This year for the holidays give the gift of fifth from New Balance. 2AMs got Monday night football tonight. This week the green baby peppers at the Tampa Bay. Look at you. QAMs Monday night pre-game. Why from Pomono Park. Dr. 6. Kick off at 820. On sports radio 5. 60 QAA. The Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WQAF Miami Port Latterdale. The Samadaettman 받es below. 1530NK, 240NK, 31K. 553 U出去. 736. 437. 501 A Kid Tillower. 545. 1030⁉. 150NK mid-hanies. 2 dokument. 2700 Dur88s. 266. 3299. acceleration! 2280 non-stop. 270. Audi Pay bauen bonds.직s car. 12330 J rends. attrib were selling 64 n Wainkan. 88 actress Henson. 92 cry public. I'm trying to drive this crazy. I'm not going to go. I'm going to get the grocery grocery here. I'm going to make it to the toilet, Jay. Bye. I'm going to go and go and check the toilet. I'm going to check the toilet. Which is the view. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Can you throw me a bottle of water? You can't throw me a bottle of water. What? What? What's the sign? What is the sign? What is the sign? Don't bother me. And I'm going to take my time. So where I am, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Because if I drop a strong warm one, now it'll feel fine. It's all I can do. And it's all so stupid when my kiss is gone. I'd like to see how I twist it to you. And I'm going to go and twist it to my kiss. You're going to see how I twist it to you. And... And now the thinking for the ears you drive on at our feet, are building an arena for the Miami Beach. Having to leave them somehow don't seem right. Better ask your fellow enforcement at your late-five. And we dance myself. There's no best before they're all all stride. Let's spread the place down. And ensure the challenge would show a feeling. Before we lose our aspect, that can't have a chance. Oh! Nice success! Oh, my! Thanks for taking me! You're gonna be happy to start the world. You're gonna be happy to start the world. I've been to the States for the whole world. You're gonna be happy to start the world. I've been to the States for the whole world. Are you sure? Double shot, double shot, double shot, double shot, and back to back. And wouldn't you know, that's all it's going to get. This is your vocal, who's called 400 times all right today. Evidently, vocal must have turned him down to the bar somewhere. But that's fantastic. That's done. Am I calls back saying... What? Get those retort off to you. I love it! All right! Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 a day. Now, if you'll better, 5.6, 7.05, 60, 5.05, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. All Boca Brian bits from out to the end of the year, by the way. Oh! Sort of our big drug and holiday celebration. Here's a mobile in December to find. Hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. I know you're like little fellow tips now and then. Southwest Airlines is running their special $99 anywhere in the United States coast to coast. Yeah. One way. Well, I'm going to Portland for 99 bucks. 99 bucks? 99 bucks from Florida. I'm going to get out of Portland. Yeah. That's pretty darn good. That is... they're ready to get now for like how long? Through December 16. Oh. Well, I guess I'm going to have to take that vacation starting tomorrow. Sounds good to me. I recommend it. Okay, thanks. There you go. Sounds good. Let's start. I'll take a vacation. Like right now. Who's we get out here to a clock head for the airport. Go somewhere. Two open lines a day to a broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 out of. Oh, speaking of the mail and all the other good stuff in my doctor and my prescriptions. I don't want to rip doctor Mark on here because he's a very busy and important guy. He's rounding up that doctor's union. He's the head on show. He's a great guy and a great doctor and a good friend. But a little slow on those prescriptions. I called him last Tuesday in his office. And I said, it's not... see, I made a mistake. I said, it's not an emergency, but I need a prescription because I'm running out of certain, you know, my drugs. And I can't go to Amsterdam this month. So I need drugs. And he said, but I mean, I bet I'll say it here. I don't need you to call anybody. Just drop a man on pillow, put him in the mail. I gave him my, you know, PO box address the whole thing. When they came, did they come into mail on Wednesday? No. Thursday came. Did my prescriptions come on Thursday? No. Friday came. Did they come on Friday? No. Saturday came. Did they come? I got my check from Wany by the way. On Saturday. Did my prescriptions come from doctor Mark on Saturday? No. So what I should have said is I have like one or two pills left of each of these, whatever does I take for blood pressure and whatever else. And I need this immediately. It's not sooner than maybe. Maybe I might have gotten them like sometime before the new year. You know what I'm saying? Dr. Mark, you're a great guy, but your office there is a little slow. A little on the slow side. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Mr. Mayor. Yes sir. This is what I did. I'm the first time caller here. I know you had a day that we're talking about the time consuming on the, on the answer replays. You have a nice nice football game at 94 commercials without the quarters and without the quarter. I said there is no more game name. We're just spots. You know, I've got the small days. So I'm just flipping from one game to another game. And there are times when you can flip the every single game that's on, right? Like in the middle of a quarter. And there are every one of them is in a commercial break. Every single game. And there are times when you can't get a call. Because, you know, they've got to pay that the 80 trillion dollar deal at this time. You know, all the networks are just celebrating for all of this great stuff. So they've got to pay for it. Pretty soon the games will take like five, six hours. You can all of spots in there. Two open lines in day two and a row. Five six, seven, oh five, 60, Tom five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a mobile in boington beach down the same. It's a real call in boington beach, which we never get. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. How are you? I'm, um, love your show. Just kind of say, uh, Merry Christmas and happy New Year. And are you from Rochester, New York? Yes. Last time I checked. Yeah. Okay. I'm from up and down there in the two. Yeah. I'm from Caledonia. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm out there in the sex. Uh-huh. Okay. And I tried your fish and are your, uh, beef trips. They're good. They're great. Yeah. They're good. But don't tell anybody about it because then they'll be on the for us. Yeah. Who does your parody? I'm a little bit more important in your, um, guy. By the name of bokeh Brian, he's the greatest talent I've ever known in my life. To read the genius. Unbelievable. I see. He's just fantastic. And I have a friend at, uh, I sort of get a little gift for every year. Just, uh, because he helps me out and, uh, I'm getting them your taste this year. Cause he's gonna love it. Thank you. Great. Okay. Thank you. Here. Here you go. Boca Brian is on our taste. That's the deal because he's the best. And that other guy is just jealous. He just wishes he had the talent and his whole body that bocas got in his left testicle if he had we could find one. We have an open line in Broward, all three and day, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six. How do you 18 and two wireless lines? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Go far. Good afternoon. Yes. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Okay. Sorry. Randy West at the orange bull. Randy West was at the orange bull. I can't be well. Yeah. All right. So those people scattering. Oh, by the way, speaking of scattering, by the way, that horrendous accident they had a veteran city. I'm sure you saw it, even though you're not a sports family. They've shown it on the news 10,000 times with the cadets. And they were all by the way doing that for the cameras. They were doing that for the network that was televised in the Army Navy game. Hey, everybody like lean forward on a rail and as we get it like a, oops. Oops. So if you think it's only channels seven that are a bunch of grave robbers, I'm sitting here this morning before the show starts minding my own business. CNN must have shown it now. 72,600,000 times because they just happen to have the tape from the game. Over an over an over an over it. And you know something every time they show what they still fall down. How do you like that? Yeah. Every time they show it, I mean, when you think by now they would learn that the guy damn, railing is loose and don't do it every time they show it. Those poor bastards, those could have still take a flop. We got one call on a board. Maybe in 51 minutes to go. Is there any interest out there? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 109 of QAM. Time to get that holiday gift list short and down by getting over to one of the plans to get e-post for locations because right now as I speak everything in all four stores is on sale. You need a big screen TV set. They're all on sale. How about a VCR that on your list every single VCR at a plans to be the full of the new VCR. How about a washer dryer set, a QAM quarter, a DVD player, a satellite system, a dishwasher, telephone, it's all on sale and the jeep savings like you won't see any place. For example, a 27 inch color TV, only 228 bucks. It's all on sale right now and I'll only get a plan CBD pro where each and every product in the store is marked down to save you a ton of cash. A plan CBD pro that got four locations for you. You'll find them in the Mime Lake, Syria 57th of the Palmetto. There are coral cables. The U.S. one north of the falls and north west 77th court right off the Palmetto. You want a great deal during the holidays, head for a plan CBD pro. How do you find me all? I saw the jeans as I was riding. I saw him all. I popped up. Those dirty deceitings. I'm proud. All my friends. Think I'll look. I'm proud. I saw things. I saw things. I saw things. My savings green. So I left it on my face. When I went to work, I looked like a church and I was fired in the spring. Driving home. I was all alone. I think of someone's play as tricks on me. But it's a real deal, man. I could think Jesus. There is back at me. I saw a key. I'm in the church. I'll look. I'm proud. I saw him in the hall. I popped up. Those dirty deceitings. I'm proud. All my friends. Think I'll look. I'm proud. And there is no more. All my savings green. I was picked up. I saw things. I saw things. I was picked up. I saw him all. Inside of the top door. I saw him all my savings green. I saw him all my savings green. I saw him all my savings green. I saw him all the things green. I saw him all my friends. Think I'll look. I'm proud. I fell out. I saw him all the things green park. Ramen. Station. Turn my up. I'm proud. I'm not going to be a big boy. I'm not going to be a big boy. I'm not going to be a big boy. Very good game. What's the game of five foot? What's the game of five foot? People who brought them guys lying, they want to hear again from them. The bulk of bride is in O'Challon, the douchebag. They're right off with the guys wife or whatever. The problem was. Okay, we have an open. It's a bulk of bride festival. Baby, between now and New Year's. It's the fall of 1990 and nine, too. It'll be all bulk of bride day every day Monday through Friday. Why today on a weekend? Two of the sports shows. They're going to be playing bulk of bride. Open line and brown are all three of course in date. Now that we, you know, blocked that guy's line in your three. Holy old boyfriends out there. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Wireless one. See there are only like five colors. I've told you that. I mean, after all the sports stuff that happened this weekend, and I'm hearing the last 20 or 30 minutes of that morning show, and there's Joe that chronic sports color Joe with the thick voice. I mean, his, his voice just makes me want to have like screaming dire. We're right in his chair here. And the guy with the eyes and then there was another one. A quiet eye here. Three clinics in a row. So I've always to show it. There's only like what I say. Two colors doing a voice. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I bought your $20. You mean, I was happy to do it because it's a cough. But I don't know if you, if you've been to the Eckridge lately, any of the Eckards for one. Well, and the cash here, it's you off for a dollar for, um, for some hospital, but every Eckard every time. And after giving away about three dollars, I probably said no. I mean, because you mean, when you, when you go to the register, do well cash out? Yes. How about can they do that? Just say, no, Eckard, that's all. Just, you know, so I shop for Walgreens by the way, I say proudly. So anyway, I find the level of expenses because they, they, they, they, they bake for a dollar. Wait for you. Every single time you go in, they don't make the beef. Yeah. But anyways, that's my, okay. Well, thanks for your help. And luckily I said Walgreens is great. Two open lines a day to a Broward. I hate Eckards. Five six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T world. The wireless line. One thing about Eckardsman, every transaction is like a major transaction. You could be buying a thing at M&M for quite a six. And you go to cash out of the counter, where Eckards, every transaction, there's some old lady in front of you. Always a blue hair. She's got 72 coupons. She's returning something. She's got a song to dance. And then she's got that brochure. You know, I'm talking about the brochure. You're getting the mail or you're fine on the floor in the newspaper that she stole at the out of the newspaper on the stand there. With all the coupons in it. Oh, well, let's see. Is this item on sale? I don't know. Let's leave through 500 pages and see if we can find it in here. Sweetheart. Well, all these other people are like foaming at the mob because they got like two or three items. And they'd like to get out of here sometime before they croak. Air-re-single transaction at Eckards is a major few-mongous transaction. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, yeah, I'm doing this. I'm a different Brian in mobile and Bokeh. Yeah. Who's this other jerk? Who now is this other jerk? Guys wrote in my name around town. I'm not the kick-a-zass by that old L.E.S. What jerk? This other Bokeh Brian? Yeah. He's great. He's a little Bokeh. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you're right about that orange Bokeh. We went down into hurricane-scam. Uh-huh. That was. We parked across the street and stayed behind some apartments and it was like a 17-18 apartment so over there and all the washers and drives are outside. Right. There you go. You can do your laundry there and then between quarters. I know we did. We got a couple of loads on that. Oh, yeah. Back to the day, yeah. Okay. You got a couple of loads. If you weren't full. Two open lines a day, two unbrowered. Let's get this. Let's twist these pastes up a little bit here between. Now we got 41 minutes. Are we going to make it till 2? Oh. I doubt it. A gut-wrenching Monday. Man, just when you expected to release. I should have known today when the very first call was my good friend Nick. We come smoke a lot of his great cigars right now by the way. I should have known when the very first call was Nick. We're not going to try to talk about that FFA and David Cate and said this and but I'll be forget about those. Go ahead. I'm okay. Nick. Forget about that. There's small potatoes. Okay. The three guys who sheep ran away and they're pretty upset about it. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 7. 6. 9. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. I mean, not Kendall Wright, but it's like, uh, Dicksey Highway. Well, they called the whole area, Kendall. But, you know, but Dicksey Highway at, um, Kendall's right. Oh, Dicksey, Kendall? Right across from Shorty's. I know Shorty's. Well, right across from Shorty's. I've been to Shorty. I'll bet. Okay. I know Shorty's too, believe me. Neil, one last thing, can I suck around to call somebody to do Spaniard? Yeah. Shock, Andy, and Vega, you're all to Spaniard. Okay. Thank you. The L20, after the CBS, thank you in advance. Okay. Dave County, all three lives in date. Oh, but anybody who speaks English in date, five six seven, five six, five six, five six, five six because I want to tell you one thing. We're always hearing about the great contributions that certain ethnic groups that made the date County and how it would be nothing to day for them. Have they made a contribution to this show? No, no, just a bunch of cranks. That's all we got. Do we have any holios out there who've got anything to say about anything on this show? No, never. No. Okay. Just checking. Used to be once upon a time we did back on that other station. But those were that was a whole different ambiance here. Like a little island like a little ugly island there in the middle of the Caribbean. I don't remember name begins with a series, something. Okay. Here's a mobile in the pop in a hello. Hey, you know, maybe you're audience. Okay. Mobile and Park with who's really in poker or boin and beach with the same floating voice. What did you get forward about this time? My audience of which you are a daily part and daily caller, which nobody and like I said, go back to New York. Well, waiting for the day that we don't hear from you. Because that's that they will have a party knowing that you did go back to New York with that obnoxious stereotypical New York accent and attitude. Okay. You disgusting piece of walking turd you taking up pressure that other people could be breathing. Every single day, this guy's got a sarcastic open big post. Give me a big song and a dance like we're really impressed. I'm losing sleep over you pal. Do you believe me? Oh, I'm sorry. Every single day this man is there. You could bet your life on. Okay. You could feel your depends just waiting for the moment. There he is. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I love your show. God, you sound so happy. These people are also bummed out today. You think their dog did a dump on the elevator or something. Well, I'm happy because I get to listen to you. Right. That should be enough. And I'm on my way to my house. So I'm a little nervous. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. You're buying a house? Yes. Here. Oh, yeah. Hmm. It's deeper than rent. Yeah. So. I'm buying a house. Oh, Tamara. Oh, Tamara. You sound much too young to live in Tamara. Oh, I know. God. But it's quiet. Yeah, you're right. That's all I care about. You look quiet. Like a muscle Liam. That's good. There's something to be said for them. Well, sometimes. Well, congratulations. Thank you. I'm keeping some of our efforts really quick. Yes. Have you ever gotten pictures of all of them? No. It's miserable. No. They don't develop all your pictures. They don't give you all your negatives. They make up excuses about it. Mm-hmm. And also Mr. Eckert, the man who founded the store. Right. Well, this is what I've been told. Is it apparently he was a big Nazi, uh... Right. Right wing fanatic. Yes. We used to run for office in Luzia before he was right. Yeah. Okay. Well, you knew. So it's fine. Jack Eckert. Jack Eckert. Okay. And even though he doesn't own it anymore, his name is Delana, so that's good enough for me to shove it with Walgreens. Exactly. Right. Well, Walgreens is just like her. I love Walgreens. Me too. Okay. Okay. Well, thank you, Neil. Well, okay. Best of luck. Hey. Tamara. Oh, Sam Murphy. Not lookable. And Demi. We found Stout. And the packing set to the town. Old Tamara wrecked with his ears. Oh. On a cold attack and to thatcha got the going extra. The old tribe. For half a mile a day. Where all of that Gucci smile. And he's been in line a while with young little neighbors. She meant attention. And the bottom. And the wrapping island. To leave the footprints. To the tunnel. It looks like an average town. The town's a town's a right school. The mall. And the sidewalks. Sales for your parents. As you wrap your nails. So you pray. You're going to bloom me. They're really won't fit. They're falling high. Oh, my God. You're going to bloom me. You're going to bloom me. We never had to. The parking. That's not letting you leave the basement. Draw on a note and just look at Down during the turn back to town. Oh, oh, and the sidewalks sales from your head. As you wrap your nails to your friends. You're going to bloom in nails and they won't be far behind. Down south through the path packet stack. There's a town called Tamarack where you live. On a cold, a sack and a bench about the going next door. We're down south through the path packet stack. There's a town called Tamarack. We're down south through the path packet stack. Oh, the demographic of an network just for 20 years. Best of that life. So you see this little bit of an earlier all day. I hope you pass the, don't they have like you have to pass the thing? You have to lie and say that you're very age or 100 to get in there. Oh, thank you, too. 20, so staff to one and find that you have to lie and say that you like disgusting old parts that the checker may allow them to be early bird in the sweet and low. 26 to have to one at five, 60 WQM and all bulk of Brian Monday. Never before has had the cellular carrier ever offered what I'd be going to tell you about right now. Mobile one is revolutionized the cellular industry where they're new 24, seven digital rate, which gives you unlimited cell talk 24 hours a day, seven days week. You pay one fly right at 225 a month and talk all you want. Just talk up a storm. And this includes for you call a ID free voice mail free for it. A roaming mobile one's digital parody. So now you can make calls on yourself on you wouldn't dream of making before like a public utility or calling my doctor's office and ask them where my prescriptions are. When you're getting unlimited airtime for only 20 25 bucks a month, the sky's delivered. So if your business calls for cellular power talk, get you this 24, seven digital rate and talk on and on and on. 24 hours a day, seven days a week if you want for just 225 bucks a month. Only for mobile one and only for a limited time, so call out today and check it out. Ask about the 24, seven digital rate column toll free right now 1 800 phone M 1. That's 1 800 phone M 1. This is 560 2 a.m. Where do you sign? You can't be quite wary of you. Got it. Sports radio 560. What are you A.M? Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get. Just tell me which you're problem. Where do you think you're gonna be? For the blinded year? It was Arrest Ofdest. 1946 Dames 2 over delicious fried foods. In this big game, 560 a week. So small things for enjoying something new. Sp dowding baby with ocurret ink. It's all about one day. Make their possessions away. It's about. OK. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in me. It's not you. I am your Bible saying. True. It's not the song. So matter what you do. You can see your heart. The horse will always work in you. Think of the poison it's made. It's about the same way that all the rounds. Find the poison's landed. To battle. And shoot a doctor down. Everybody pray along with me. OK. Come on. Here we go. Feet the trap out of your kid. I was saying you were doing the right thing. I was going to kill the baby. I was saying it's about the baby. I was saying it's about the kid. I was saying it's about the kid. What the hell is this? They checked over the weekend. The alienarross statement is the re-carnished of horse animals in it. That's the news. He is still the right and the red dragon. 132. By the way, a team Wilder found out. He said, no 132. At 5.50, WCM is speaking of that. Speaking of that. I was just going to tell me. The reason we're having a really bad Monday today is that I'm going to speak with a Cuban curse on me over the weekend. That's right. Yes, you heard me talking about her a few weeks ago. I'm going to speak with a guy. She took the chicken on her front guy. I'm lawn and put a curse on me. And I show we got real sourced baby. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Lady mobile. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, Neil. Yes. I was shopping and I was hysterical. They have a new doll on it. It's called Tella Babies or Tella Tubi. Tella Tubi. Yes. Tella Tubi. Yeah, the one at a legile is a lot of a crappening to not say it. It does say it. Really? I mean, it's obvious. I really heard a lot. It's obvious what it says. Yeah. It's a little red one. And it's a little red one. It's a little red one. It says that. Yeah. And it also says, He's an asshole. Yeah. That's the yellow one that says the assword. Uh-huh. But there's a star. I was in Twitter, so I told myself I had to, I had to call you and tell you what it says. Great. It'll condition all the kids to be ready to listen to this show. It's good for two and three year olds. Excellent. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Please don't pay the assword. We have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless button. Obviously they were out of Furby's dammit. Here's Miami. Hello. Almost so. What is it? Thomas Phillips. What do you just say? The mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble, I like that. Whatever you say pal, you're mama. Open line at day. 560, 550, 560, on the AT&T. I have no idea what that was. It just came out of his post. It looked like it's not like. Maybe it was. Here's a cutlery. Chill out. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Did you hear what he said? I had no idea. He doesn't like that. Hey, Mr. Bucks says he that the show had tons of promotion by the way. Yeah. But Thomas told me it's not a successful show. Yeah, we had a billboard, right? Yeah, but that's how I'm calling the ball. I wanted to call Friday and but I was a little late. Oh, no. Who was the asshole that made the comparison between laws and Bobby Ogg? That was our coach. That was Terry Murray. Terry Murray. Yeah. How did he use with VM? Where was Terry Murray when Bobby Ogg was played? Tickin' his nose or something? Yes, huh? I mean, he was picking seed out of his brothers. Bobby Ogg. Yeah. I'll be your change to game the way it's played. Right. How do you know is the greatest player who ever played the game? And Paul Loses is a great guy and listen to the show. And it's a good solid to all around. He's okay. But yeah, it's just ludicrous. It's just ridiculous to say it. Yeah, it is. I myself. I'm a bit broon fan. Right. I grew up watching Bobby Ogg. And the star of the ball. Paul Loses will be the first guy to tell you. He couldn't carry Bobby Ogg's jox draft. He would tell you that. I feel like it's too easy. If he wasn't so good, then greedy Bobby Ogg would have had a lot more goals. Right. That would have been even better. They ruined them. You're right. Hey, by the way, Dale. Can I call somebody to do that? Yes, sir. Hey, Rob the Fox and Roberto Maldonari who fought through Spac. Okay. And don't forget what's his name. Rob Bonaldonari. What was his name? Come on. What was his name? Come on. First Bonaldonari. Don't forget he's a douchebag too. I was here to that guy. Doesn't have to crawl. We have an open line of day one at Broward. We have an open line of day five six seven five six six six six six eight ten. And he wireless line. Here's Pine Christ. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You. There's broke a Brian take collaboration on lyrics and stuff. From. Somebody that might be able to help. Sure. What will help him what? Uh, continue what he's doing. Oh, I see. I'll give you a, uh, give you a sample if you want. No. Okay. We have an open line of Broward to a day five six seven. Okay. Okay. Send us a tape. Oh, by the way, I forgot to listen to that tape. That guy that called me two days in a row. The timber, whatever was named was I'll get to it. Okay. The fact that you hold me seven eight days in a row, including two or three times at home. Have kind of like, you know, stole the whole thing off in my mind. But I'll get around what it's sitting around somewhere that. I'll get to it. Just relax. We'll make you win a star. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How are you today? Okay, sir. I just want to know what's your opinion on Romanian. Unroll meanings? Yeah. I don't know any Romanian. Do you? Yeah. I am Romanian by the way. I'm wondering. Well. I'll just, I don't want to know. How come we don't know any Romanian? I don't know. Name me some famous Romanian. Name the Romanian. Oh, I think you love it. Yeah. There are too many biting comments. That's about it. I love to actually locate, Pat. You're okay, my book. There's a Romanian. There you go. Ask a new show. We wanted somebody a little bit different out of the ordinary. Not just another pedestrian, same old church. Repeat of everybody else. He's a goddamn Romanian. Let's hear it for this guy. Open line in Brower. In two and a day, 567. 560. Palm 560. On the AT&T Wireless line. The verdict is still out 23 minutes until 2. We got Hank standard by a chulistic to a clock. Then we got Boogan Kimba Bocamper from Poppeto Park with a pre-mondonet footballer's to have a gander from a six and two late. And then we got the Packers in Tampa Bay night. Any interest in that game? No. In a clock tonight. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Nice talking to you. A big fan of yours. Make this make sure to sweep. It's a little bit chilly on the radio earlier. I mentioned about him. Nobody sending a check. And then just slap the post office. But a check in the mail for you. Thank you so much. All right. Thank you. Big thanks. And everyone, hello. All right. He there he go. I'm going to get. I mean, this is my small go-al with a bang. It's my last fundraiser. I guarantee of that. I just, you know. Just too much pleading and begging and squeezing. much lack of cooperation and lack of interest in the you know the fact is that it's like everything else it runs its course. And I'm well aware of the fact that because it's been a one of the hate people with HIV and that it's a there are many of you out there who won't give a dime to it because you think that it's always a fact thing it's something to do with AIDS. You know that and I'm not going to waste my time sitting here giving you a lecture explaining you that they help a hell of a lot of people no matter what that's got nothing to do with it. I'm not going to waste my time with it because if you're that stupid but there is that stigma and that's one of the reasons why it's a hundred times harder to raise money for organizations like Senator one then it used to be for a criminal's house. I'll tell you one more time for the West Coast when we used to do the criminal's house thing every single day there used to be a pilot checks in the mail every day for three months or whatever was we were doing a campaign every single day here was 50 bucks in one check here was a hundred here was ten little old ladies and ten issues whatever it had it was. But now we got a whole different ballgame because we got a lot of ignorance stupid bigoted and they reminded people out there including in this audience that don't want to help out because it's got something to do with that the A word and maybe the H word they assume huh right as in HIV. 21 before two at five sixty w q a m who want to put some real serious pleasure in your post in fact I got one of the next great cigars over here right now. Next cigar is the best I mean this is the only place in tiny to think of when you are looking for a great cigar because for three generations now they've been making great cigars that we don't know how to do it and this is the largest manufacturer of premium hand-rolled cigars in the Westway. I want you to do something that Nicholas are first color out of the box today and really kind of set the tone for the show today. Terminal I mean just killed me killed me I don't want to make the field bad about it he just devastated me today. How can we a China go out another letter he got from the Florida Family Association and David Caiton and but I'll be but I will show the press after that I just wanted to blow my brains. Okay so make next the old better okay every Tuesday and Wednesday when you go out of next you get a 10 percent discount everything you buy just for mentioning my name. You mentioned David Caiton's name will probably kick you out but mentioned my name will give you 10 percent off whatever you buy every Tuesday and Wednesday. So this week tomorrow Wednesday for sure I want him to do so much business just to prove to him that we got people out there listening that we don't give a crap about the FFA we don't care about David Caiton and his sheep and his other three people over there in Tampa we don't care. We do care about great premium cigars which this has got the best in the world will be like mild ones strong ones in between ones big ones small ones so road on area like really leave it in person on it which is already got a big impression but magnify times a hundred because this is the greatest place in the world for premium cigars at affordable prices and you say the extra 10 percent on Tuesday is when the for mentioning that I'm not sure's Neil down there at next. Where do you find them 71 11 West Blacklist reaches one mile do east off your flag versus me exit of the Palmetto Expressway or Column 305 266 9907 put some serious pleasure in your mouth of best in the universe from our friends at next to guard. I can go my baby. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. They can't admit that they like guys. Garlic�� Wood assigns clubs to kick off children's wheels and crack losing her pins. They can recommend sex by sharing their room with you, better off unless of course you rejects fan, in which case we don't care. But you were however a lot better if you hate the jet like most people in this town that you did not see the end of that game because you'd be spitting blood you'd be vomiting your tishki's would be twisted even if you'd own all what it means. Here's a mobile implantation hello. Hey, I don't. Great. All right. Listen, I just came out from Puerto Rico about a, I don't know, two, three weeks ago. Yeah. Some sort of a to the screen, I guess you see just pushed right on the screen. And to Jesus, you got to get Neil right on the, you know, I guess all the lilies are checking out over there. When he comes in in Puerto Rico. Yes. Huh. And I was flipping through it. Oh, my God, of course, you know, my leek on out. Neil, Dan, you're again. You know, way they are, you know, I said, I do. So I get a poison. Yeah. Oh, I don't know what? I don't understand it. Listen, we had some people from Costco that brought us some sticks here on Friday. They're with a guy and a young lady. And the guy sent another room while I'm on the ear. And I'm I'm carrying on and he's laughing up the storm. And I'm watching her reaction. And you would think that there were listening to do different things because she's got a sour look on her post. And she's kind of like looking away at the wall because she's so disgusted. She can't even look me in the face. I don't get it. But you know, sometimes I watch you, you know, you talking and stuff. And I turn around. You know, of course, you know, my lady is, you know, you know, tuned into the screen. But then she's watching you. And then when you call somebody, it's been to something. She's, oh, God. Oh, you know, then she's laughing. She's not a closet case. I don't know what the story was or, but anyways, you know, like I said, I'm going to have to put over and there you are. Jesus Christ, never get me or she was all fired up. And I'm going to thank you sir. Well, what else are you going to do in Puerto Rico for crying or quite a while? If you sharpen your switchblade, here's an adventure. Hello. Evan, sure. Yes, you're I am. And there you are. Thank you. And so you're a couple of weeks ago, you were talking about a book from a guy that wrote in Canada about against religion. Right. Farewell to God by Charles Templeton, yes, sir. I didn't get the title. Charles Templeton. Farewell to God. Farewell to God. Right. Very much. But you won't be able to find it here. I got to give you a phone number. Please. It's not not for sale in America to show you what kind of a fascistic repressive country we live in. You got to call this toll free number. They can sell it to you. You got a pencil? Yep. 1-800. 3-8-7. Yes. 1-4-17. 1-8-13-7-14-7. You got it. Thank you very much. And God bless you. I don't know. Okay, there you go. Thank you. God bless you. We have two open lines in date. I just don't get it. How can that book not be for sale in this country? I mean, now we've that repressed in that much of a fascist run by the religionist. Are we overrun by a bunch of people with their voodoo with their superstitions choking their chickens on the front lawn? That what it's all about in America, huh? Thank you. Here's Marghade. Hello. Marghade. Marghade. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I was racist and horses up at freehold that two months ago. And right after I left, I got a story that Jackie Lee was fired. Is that true? I didn't hear that he was fired. I knew he had that lawsuit going on. I was one of the trainers. You were dancing. Right. That's the one. Well, he must have did some stuff after that. And evidently, it got fired. Well, I'm going to find out I'll be at the track. And I'm going to find out if he is. I told him we're even the celebrate during the holidays. You know what? They say around the track about Jackie Lee, don't you? What do you think? He's an asshole. He well, no question about him. Yes, sir. No questions. Thanks for the good news. All right. He made my holidays. Okay. We'll check it out. Open line and grow our two in date. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. Let's anybody out there. You think you got problems? Anna, I was squeaked in for a Cuban Santa Rea curse on you. I've got some real problems now, man. I got to go find Samantha from be which to get it on due to God damn curse. Maybe your daughter can do it. Maybe Sabrina can do it. I'm due to God damn curse. Jackie Lee did get fired. Jackie Lee, we just had a report. Jackie Lee did get fired. The new track announcers name is Larry Letterman. Oh, no. Oh, no. Larry Letterman, who thinks he's David Letterman, this guy is the worst race announcer. The whole race he's doing, he thinks he's a comedian. He's about as funny as coming home and finding that a cow dropped the pile on your living room carpet right before a big party. Okay. Larry Letterman, oh my God, he is the absolute worst. He makes me long for the screaming and shouting of Roger Hewesman at the Meadows at the Hamble Ponyan. Larry Frick and Letterman. Oh, like I said, Jackie Lee wasn't so bad just misunderstood. 10 before 2 at 5, 60, WQA, you want to get a great car at a great value. Then you must go to Potampion Toyota on 441 at a hundred ninety-third street. Potampion Toyota will not always spell you a car to lowest price in town. It will give you the service that no other dealer can touch. Potampion Toyota introduced windshield pricing, which based buying or leasing a Toyota is easy to walk into the doors, picking out the car that you fall in love with. And the price is already there. The lowest in the reverse right on the windshield, staring you in the big fat push. And Potampion Toyota has got a great selection man. They got Corrollos, Camry, Zavalan, Zalus, Alara. You want a great sport. You kill the vehicle. Check out their four runners or lane cruisers or how about a great Toyota to come a truck from Potampion. Potampion Toyota has got all these vehicles ready for delivery at unbeatable prices. Go see our great friendly follow-up folks at Potampion Toyota or Column at 930 Toyota for the best deal and the best in service too. Potampion Toyota on 440, 1193rd street just two miles east to PPP Park and right down the street from us here. So how bad can they be right? No hassles, no fuss, no bald head of geek with a big attitude. Just great friendly folks in sensational deals all the time at Potampion Toyota. This is 560, 2AL. I know I said the building is fine too. My wife took the card over the wall. She guys made your best. She's the big fault. I wasn't right with her. The first thing is done on the street the same. Help us put the door at ConnectPower this weekend, Lord.