Sports Radio 560 W 2 AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. The Neil called 567 0550 toll free for David Brown or Count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests call her sir anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM TV's lead acquisitions or the Feasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA AM. It works for an ocean in Nebraska. You know kids, everybody are part of it. It's no big deal. It's something that you're part of made of five guests. My kids are part of the entire five-cylinder business. And everybody has the part of some time kids. That's why we should all think this song. The music of friends for the Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the five-cylinder business. Each of them is in a brand new world. I'm just thinking a little exciting why I hit that. Can I try that one more time? Just to make sure that the... Try one more time. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay, just checking. Okay, I want to make sure that they heard it because that gets us off to a great start. Before I say anything here to them, scrolling through this morning. And I'm finding just perfect for the holidays because I want to play a lot of stuff that we don't know where to play every day, or every week, or like in a long time. And I found I discovered something we've never played this here, by the way. And it's here a lot more entertaining than here in these assholes. Oh, Danny, this and Jimmy, that and Jimmy, this, oh, God. Like I told you this morning, it's like that scene in a clockwork orange, where they got him locked up and had room up in the upstairs. And the Beethoven music is blasting, and the speakers are bouncing off the walls. Danny, this and Jimmy, that and Jimmy and Danny, oh, God. Like I said, this is a lot more entertaining than you know. Well, the Buffalo has the football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks that's like, I say really hot. The Buffalo feels like a lot of that's what I mean. So just sing a little. When you say Buffalo, and here's that Buffalo bells, Buffalo bells. That the greatest team in the history of the human race, that a Buffalo bell. Are you sure? That the greatest team in the place, the friend and can be it. Yeah, there you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff, listen to that banjo. And the whole beast, we've got listen out. When you say Buffalo Bill, don't sound so redneck, you do it. Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill fans? Here we go. Well, the Buffalo Bill's done the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times, which is more than I can say, but it's come second season and they're a great as, because they really like their uniforms. They sure is hell, be sad heck. Kind of having a fish on the helm, because they're not Buffalo Hall bills. That's best, put sport team, what I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bill, the Buffalo Bill, the home of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody's at Buffalo Bill, they're the Buffalo Bill. And they've been around, log it in, they're stinking, rotten fish. Well, they're the Buffalo Bill, Buffalo Bill. They're for a job, but you have to have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish. Yes, man, it's taxed to Buffalo Bill. Bill's quite strong. Well, that's why he was going to say, but whoever put that in the DCS chopped it off. I can't imagine who that might have been Robert, but at any rate, we did the best we can. Nice goal in here, Phil. Are you sure positive? So anyway, let's see, the QA in van today is going to be out of the pizza loft planter. Is he going to be sitting up like right in the plans of there? Right behind Permanent Imports out, because there's a lot to park in there. Maybe we'll get you a few extra customers for lunch today. Raise $20, $100 in crawls brings you guys today. Oh, right, let's hear it for crawls brings, baby. They'd be the best up there. So we'll see if we can out through that. 88,99 bucks plus whatever, maybe Carol will call you one of these days from center one. Huh? You think she might call because our fax machine, it's working on the outgoing, but I mean going we got some kind of a problem here. Because the construction goes on and on and on and on it goes and words stops nobody knows. And as a result, they did a little around in here, the phone company may have done this and they may have done that and that's sort of in so on. So a lot of things we can get any faxes, but maybe Carol will actually call you like sometime this week and we'll get up to date like from last week. Because I'm positive over 90 grand right now. Which doesn't mean that people should like slack off and stop helping us out because we want to make sure we get over that 100 grand total. Got the big game that I paid you, we got to, oh, it's speaking to that. I know Hank's not on today. Because what is the reason for that is you just taking a day off or is it because it's got something to do with Hanukkah because it's right in the middle of it. Luke Shambi will be here at 2 o'clock that we got Kimba at 6. We got the Panthers pregame at 7 a Panthers in the Penguins at 7 to 3 tonight. I haven't home yesterday and I heard Hank say that I was wrong about the Edgar Winter Reo thing and Hank usually has got the inside information. And it would be the first time that I was wrong like when we got stuck in by Paul Harvey Jr. on the John Henry deal which by the way John Henry did buy the Marlins. We were a little bit premature evaluation but nevertheless we got sucked in on that deal. But interesting enough, all the other columnists that you read even the Anxious Greg Co-tex in the Herald this morning, basically I was saying the same thing that I did. And that even if they did get a couple real good prospects and even if the deal was made because Edgar Winter Reo was a bad guy and he didn't show up at the Halt Christmas party or whatever the reason was he wasn't great in the clubhouse. It still smells of the same thing okay. It's still the same smell of a rotting fish. As in rotting Marlin rotting whatever kind of fish you want to put in fill in the blank. And the fans whatever number maybe left are going to just say, oh, we're not buying this okay because this is it's like a cleansing experience. Let's give it to everybody who might have been on that championship team two years ago and really pissed off the fans and make up a good story in the song and events. And I'm afraid that Hank got you know stuck into the propaganda on that. And as long as I'm responding to some of the stuff that was said yesterday, no if they're not the apathas and not having a suffering from poor attendance. In fact we do have two thousand unsolved seats for night's game but nevertheless we've been averaging well over 17,000 the game for the home games. Any other joint holds over 19,000 but when you averaging over 17,000 how many did they have in Pittsburgh last night for the penguins three two overtime went against Tampa Bay that 11,000 and some odd. And the civic career in the igloo in Pittsburgh where they're like desperate for cash where every empty seat is like a steak to the heart of that franchise. So if not the problem of the attendance but the guy that called in yesterday in Hank show was absolutely correct. There's no passion to get up in a living then I find out they were leaving in the fourth quarter of the football game on Sunday night. In that pivotal jet game that everybody was on their hands and knees and waiting where their tongues down to their poopics waiting for weeks for that event. Would like two minutes left in the game they were still in it and they were like was 14 to 10 and make that miraculous comeback and weren't not for that fumble run into the touchdown. If they wouldn't try to get off that play before the two minute warning who knows what would have happened and there were thousands of people leaving and evacuating like they had a bomb scare at PB park in the fourth quarter. See that's just the way the so called fans are in this time there's no real passion they talk a good game. The hockey fans they don't talk any game because they don't have any material to talk about because they don't even know the names. Soon as the bees are left that was basically it they don't know the names of anybody but we do know Dean because I heard him this morning how you doing Dean. He's he's okay in our book keep him healthy okay keep given a most vibe repels and keep him in shape because we need to know badly but other than that other than Dean all right Whitney we got real source baby. So we got that big income of 730 night I'm sure that there'll be some people there and maybe even some people bring by some checks. For center one I'll be there in my usual seats section 101 I'll be sitting there waiting for your cash and checks and whatever else you got money orders. And in the meantime all of a sudden and all these years haven't I been telling you they laughed at me they laugh all he's he's really funny that nearly nobody sure exaggerates. The threat of a bloodless clue by the right wing by these far-bison by these maniac right wing lunatics in this country you could smell a common. You could smell it that's right and all of a sudden just after the November elections but everybody thought this impeachment thing didn't have a child and chance and hell and it was going away and they got the message and did they get the message. Of course not all of a sudden somebody decided hey guess what we got the votes baby and while we still got the votes in this Congress right now before the new year. Let's rush this thing through there and let's everybody put on these pony speeches. And proof of the putting being that E. Clay Shaw office yesterday and the last couple days inundated with phone calls off over a thousand phone calls emails and faxes yesterday. And you know what Neil were running majority by the way against impeachment but Shaw announced yesterday he plans to vote in favor of impeachment like most of his colleagues. So in other words they don't really care what you think or how many perrages you hold for how many demonstrations or how many phone calls for how many faxes or how many emails. Because just coincidentally all of the same time as if there was some new information that we just learned which we did not during any of the how to do she really committee or he there was no information whatsoever that was new. All of a sudden they just got this great revelation that the purjury constitution and impeachable offensive they're going to vote to impeach and they're going to throw to the Senate and they're going to drag us through month to this bullcrip and now of course we even in limbo they're waiting for Ramadan this Sunday and over there the Arabs. So if we're going to bomb, stop them. You know we'd have to do it before Sunday otherwise we've pissed off all the other countries but in the meantime if we do that then they're going to say ah ha look at this right on the even impeachment right now here we go with another diversionary tactic by all presidency. So basically they're going to tie the hands of the whole goddamn government in every respect for months now in spite of what the people think they don't give a crap what you think. Because they're a bunch of fascist lunatics and they are taking over the whole goddamn country. So I get down to the passport office if I were you today. I'm going to say I have to 10 at 5 60 WCW. Oh god, no. That's so bad because it's too many. You think that's so bad. So don't want to hear about it, no more. I'm better with the beauty of this. You know everything about the pit we need to go. I don't fall to see if he's actually hurt. 300,000 pays for you. Stop wasting that bitch on us. Ever thought it had a bump, what's that thing back on me? I don't really care what I'm doing. What else can you say? We hear about it today. Just think the pit's so away. That thing's bad. We got to do this with that dog. Don't want to hear what's going to do with about it. Plus, we can see just a dog. That dog's so bad. That dog's so bad. We have a lot of people who are small. That's the security. Everybody who had a look in the holiday mood and they're busy with their Hanukkah and with their Christmas and with their New Year's and with their parties with their Thanksgiving in between. And all of a sudden, everybody was kind of like nodding off saying, okay, we did the election thing. A few people actually went out and voted. They shot their crap out of people like I read it out of the motto to a bunch of other Nazis. And guess what? Did it work? No. And just from nowhere all of a sudden, and like I said, it doesn't make any difference. I could sit here and give about facts, numbers, and phone numbers and talk about that big demonstration. They're having in Fort Lauderdale tonight. And what's the point? You have to look beyond that because it's very obvious. They don't care what you people think. They don't care what anybody thinks. And they have just miraculously inspired all that testimony by all of those constitutional scholars who said there wasn't a lawyer in America who would prosecute this purgery case. But all of a sudden, they've come to the same conclusion that this is an impeachable offense. It rises to that level of high crimes in this demeanor that the founding fathers had in mind, which clearly it does not, especially when you look at the context of it, what it has to do with, see, this is what the right wing is famous for. If they can't catch you on anything else, it's always a sexting because you can get almost anybody in this country, especially on a sexting. There you go. So if we couldn't get them on file gate, we couldn't get them on white water. They couldn't get them on travel gate. They couldn't get them on public gates. They couldn't get them on anything else. Underpriced gates. Oh, we got that sexting baby. So let's run with that. You know, and this business about he said, and is really at the day that he didn't commit purgery. You know, he said that he misled the people. Now, what do they want? How many different ways does this man have to apologize? But would they like to have a Jimmy Swaggerate, a careful, they want to get them on his hands and knees in front of the Congress there? And do one of those Jimmy Swagger deals full with a hanky and a whole bit in the year's flowing? This man has apologized. Of course he was lying about his sexual pecker dillows. And of course this bitch, you know, all of a sudden changed their tune. Is this crazy bitch who admittedly went there with a presidential knee pads and rest provocatively who was leading him on and got what he was looking for at least in part. But then when all of a sudden she realized that he wasn't going to leave Hillary and sweep her off her feet and take her off to Disneyland or wherever it was going to be. All of a sudden the whole goddamn government comes crumbling down because of some crazy bitch and her two conspirators in Kremlin, Gullberg and Linda Trepp, of course. And all her illegally done recording tape recordings. And we'd end the media, of course, doodily keeps reporting. All of this stuff is if it makes sense, which it does not. It's as if we have convenient Alzheimer's again. And we're supposed to forget all the hours and hours and days and weeks over the last 12 months now that we've been treated to like we didn't hear any of that. Just like these moderate Republicans, they call them, they're just the Nazis in drag. That's all. They're just manipulated in an own lock stock in barrel by the radical right wing of the Republican party. Just like they learned something new from these hearings. There wasn't anything new there. It was the same story that was concocted before back in January when he said, I held up the finger. I did not have sex. I had my bye bye. I didn't have sexual relations. I was just on a line to cover up a few blow jobs in a White House. That's what we're talking about. And this constitutes an impeachable offense. Oh, well, he can't be above this. See, well, you don't understand if the person could go out and if he were driving a car was president still drive cars. But if he were, he could like, you know, do a drunk driving routine. And be accused of manslaughter. That would not be an impeachable offense. He could get this car going to kill somebody. It would not be an impeachable offense. It would be a crime, but not an impeachable offense. That a crime against the government. And all of these people putting on this big act. And that's all it is, man. It should get like a Academy Awards for each one of these guys. Putting on this big song and a dance like they're really concerned about the implications of the constitution that are upholding the lock stock. Well, crap. Horsecraft. In addition to which the Paula Jones case has been settled, it was already thrown out of court. It was settled before the appeal could be heard. And that's it. It's over with a history. And there wasn't a single shred of evidence by the way. In that case, that there was any anything done to this bitch that prevented her from that as far as job discrimination. It didn't exist. Sexual harassment. She didn't get flowers on secretaries there. Whatever. That was her version of sexual harassment. So we got a son bitch that pissed off because she had a big nose and she didn't get flowers on secretaries day. And we got some other bitch, you know, it was a presidential need pad. The way 600 pounds now, who went there, I gave a few blow jobs. And that's what we're going to bring the government down about. That's the best they could do with their 50 or 60 million dollars that they spent. And they still can't convince the majority of the people that this is legitimate. And they're still going to go ahead and do it tomorrow and Friday. So it's very obvious to me that you can make all of God damn phone calls and send the telegrams and the emails and you can demonstrate and you can march and you can protest. And they still don't care. So that should tell you right there what this is all about. They know better than you do. They know better than all the American people what you do. They know better than all those constitutional scholars that they had testified before them last two weeks. They know better than them. And all these bolognities guys that come under, oh, this is the most gut-wrenching difficult decision to my life. I dread the day. But I'll give you a break already. Okay. That's for overacting for some of these guys. The most difficult day of their freaking lives. The worst example of partisan politics and the country and the economy and the world can be damned is basically what they're saying to us. They're the grace. And like I said, they cut every couple whole country with a sleeping. Sleeping at the switch. It isn't an interesting that there was such a big hurry now, such an urgency that they couldn't wait to carry over to the next Congress where the Democrats have five more seats because that might be too close. They just might not be able to sneak it through there. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Oh. Yes, man. Yeah, new. This is Sally. Yes, Sally. Yes, Sally. Yeah, you're inspiring. I'm just really, you're right on target. Oh, thank God. There's someone like you that sees the reality. And I have an article. I want to read to you. Oh, no. I don't want you to read me in articles. It's about John Glenn. No. I won't read. I'll just tell you that they sent him out there for patriotic. You know, hooray, hooray. And for nothing. Yeah. And they have to do with anything, Sally. We already know that. No, it has to do. We wanted to find out in the old part of the country. We called moving in the night. Yeah, the far out in space. But what it has to do is they don't answer public what they want. They just go ahead and do it. OK, Sally, we'll see. You have a great life and see how to send it to Glenn. Open line and brown and all three in date. 560, 50, 50, 55, 60 on the mobile one line. Here on a great Wednesday. Is it a great day for the Irish? No, for the Jewish law. For the glam law. No. embarrassing. Showdown. Oh, look at this. Replacing investigating the president. Now, it's showdown with a rack that they have on CNN. How can there be a showdown? And do we feel that just maybe saddened those that he's got this country over a barrel now? Huh? That maybe he just realizes that it's a totally impossible situation. Remember a couple of months ago when we were going to go over there and bond the crap out of him. And they were already accusing pointing at the finger. Oh, this is all politically motivated. You're trying to do opposite. You're trying to divert attention so you can imagine now on the even the impeachment vote in the house. They got their hands tied. They got them bound and gagged. They got your whole government taken hostage by right wing lunatics who hate Bill Clinton like Poison. Just like most of the people on the media by the way, hate him like Poison, like Sam Donaldson and Kookie Roberts. And a guy named Frank says, no, they're on CNN who the hell is he for? I remember that night that they had the town hall meeting many, many months ago when we were first being treated all of this bullcrap day after day, night after night. And he was talking about, well, when all the details started coming out, that's when it really was disgusting. Yeah, Frank says, no, why? I wonder who he's been doing. Okay, wonder who's been doing him? I wonder how many he elicit affairs he's had. Another stank demonious phony hypocrite in the media. It was disgusting. He was actually getting blow jobs. He was having thorn sex. He was touching his penis. Oh my God. They said that Andrew Johnson, by the way, you stabbed a haram in the White House, not just one or two binbos. He stabbed a haram in there, which is why he was impeached by the way, but nevertheless, we add that in there is the left or footnote to American history. Along with Thomas Jefferson and the slaves, and F.D. Aaron is misdressed and Eisenhower and his girlfriend, Nixon and his Chinese girlfriend, and George Bush in it, and on and on and on and on and on a win. And can of course, I mean, can of these in a whole different league, they were the experts. They brought it to a new level. They perfected screwing around in the White House, or jeez at the pool. Every time Jackie went out of town. Did anybody care about it? Oh, did anybody report it? Oh, sure. There were people that knew about it, but they had the common sense that this is nobody's got to end business. It has nothing to do with running the affairs of government. But sanctimonious hypocrites like Mary Bono and Dan Coats and Henry Hyde and all these other fakers who've been screwing everything that moves. They're sitting there making judgments. He lied, he covered up this illicit affair with this young intern, and we're supposed to be just as outraged and indignives they are. Very sad day boys and girls. And like I said, I'd be lined up at the passport office if I were you. If you want to do this smart thing, that's why I'd be lined up this morning right now. I wouldn't be lined up to be some telegrams to Washington because it's obvious they're not going to listen. 26th after 10 at 5.60, WQM, you lost your ass. That's pretty much a 5.50 WQM. This is unbelievable. Here's some good news finally in the midst of all of this. Our center one total like right up to date. All I think we have a little more in the envelope and there be a send this. You're not going to fall off the chair when you hear this. 95,499 bucks. Woo! Did we set a far out of these bastards? Oh, what? 95,499? I wonder what buddy never thinks about that, huh? Oh, we're going to make that 100 grand and plenty more than that. So thank you very much. But they'll be out there just a few minutes at the pizza locked place by the way out there by being on peer-alien. On university drive and yes, they will have five pair of tickets for the big boxing extra at the Ganta. At the war memorial and then in the memorial out of TORIM for the first five people to buy to disc. Yeah, the dunking production world champion. Boxing cramp. Boxing cramp. Yeah, okay. Whatever you said, pizza locked there on the university drive, 25, 14 right the on peer-alien ports. I got that huge parking lot right in your state. He's buffet. Oh, right. Two open lines in date county, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in New York. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. The thing that surprises me the very most about all of this. Is how anybody would think he wouldn't lie about having sex with an intern. Of course. I mean, with anybody, what make you give me the love that she was an intern or not? I mean, any married man under similar circumstances is going to do the best. People get together. They can talk stories. They try to make sure their stories are together. And ordinarily they don't have one party being, you know, conversations being taped over the telephone like Linda Trippley's doing. Of course. And I hope that she sees them jail time for that because that's absolutely ridiculous. And we don't hear any more about that. You'll notice that. That's all in the background. That all fades into the woodwork. Yeah, right. Like it's no big deal. But it legally wiretaped this corridor. And, you know, I'd like them to ask all the other guys in Congress. I'd like them to go around and ask each one of them to err out their dirty laundry because you know none of those guys. The only time that they ever do including guys like Barney Frank and Henry Hyde is when they're discovered. And when they're out when their ex-boyce are outed by the media or somebody else. And all of a sudden, oh yeah, well, I did it. But it was a long time ago and I never stole a free train. And then life goes on. Right. Like the one who had the illegitimate child. But oh, it's been called. Right. Right. I could care of them. So it's okay. And he's one of the most fanatic, he was the one that called a president to scumbag, by the way. And then we find out that he had no legitimate kid. It's absolutely ridiculous. And I can't stand to hear anymore about it. Well, but I guess I'm going to have to get down to that passport office. Yeah. And one more thing. Yes, man. And then to get in Neil Guide.com. NeilWriger.com. That one's three. NeilWriger.com. OK. Thanks. Thanks. I'd be like that. There's the young lady in New York City for crying out loud. Oh, there's enough to send her very best. She's fired up and pissed off. Are the people on this town fired up and pissed off? No. Is Clay a shop paying any attention to your role? What you call it? No. Indiana gross late in paying any attention. No. These far-bison of Graham. No, they're not. Because now they did it. Just saying, if I guess what we got these votes, baby, we still got time until January. We still got time. We still have the numbers. And we don't give a crap what we do to this country. We're going to care how many months it takes. We don't care how much loot and lured testimony. William the Nazi rencoist has to preside over there. That's said it impeachment hearings. We don't care about that. Because these people evidently are stupid enough to believe that they're going to benefit from this. Is there anybody that stupid? No. Of course not. But they really believe that. And then of course they don't blind as well. We can't be concerned about the political impact because we have to do what we've swore to uphold the constitution. Is there anybody even the most fanatical right-winger who really believes that? No. Of course not. They've swore to uphold the constitution. Like everybody has said, if the man has committed perjury in a civil trial, then after he finishes the next two years, then take him to court. Bring an indictment against him for perjury. Okay? But don't write the whole goddamn country through six more months to this. I don't think I, you know, emotionally and mentally, I can't deal with it. I just can't stand it. I'm going to be sitting and watching cartoons. Is anything? All reruns of Nazi landings, something. Because one thing about this in between MSNBC and CNBC and CNN. It works for the notion in the basket. Exactly. It's enough to drive you crazy. I look at the mirror this morning, the shave. I thought I saw Buffalo Bill in the goddamn mirror saying. It works in the notion in the basket. Right. That's what I thought I would say. Myself. Oh, God help us. Yeah. God help us. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What you're saying about the constitutionality of this is exactly what Peter Rodino said this morning. I saw it. And I think it was very clear that these people have no authority to do what they're doing. They're trying to take over the government by two when they couldn't do it by elections. And we have to do something about it. But our representatives don't listen because we give them a free ride. Both the people you mentioned, sure, and maintenance, had no opposition this year. Right. You know, if people really care and I don't think anybody does, but if people really care, they should get out next time. And run candidates against these people. I agree. I agree. If I people should be making a list and checking it twice to see who's not even nice at that time of the year. They ought to be making their list right out. Today's figure if they do it right now, right on the heels of this last midterm election, that by the time the next election comes around, it's two years away. Peter, no one over a button. A lot of other things will happen between now. And then that's not going to happen. They're committing political suicide. This is basically the end of one of the two major political parties. They're self-destructing. I think you're right, but I think these people are so ideological that they don't care. They're just out to do what they have to do. They want to destroy this man. Just over some seconds. Terrific. Okay. I think I'll all of them are holier than here. Thank God for that. Another thing I'm doing in the Hanky Panky out there. Right, Mary. Very bono. Bono. Open line of day one at Broward. 5, 6, 705, 60, palm five, 60 on a mobile one line. By the way, don't waste your money buying the book. Open secret Jay Hollywood, 1928 to 1998 by David Aaron steam, which I wasted the money over the weekend. But there is one paragraph that I'm going to read that I think you're fine. Interesting about Barry Diller, by the way. Oh, yeah. Very diller. And I don't have my check from Wami this week by the way. Speaking of Barry Diller. That band's bag. I can't stand it. 21 before 11 at 5, 60, WQM. I want to tell you about something right now. In fact, I saw a thing. I just caught the ass and I believe it was on today's show this morning, which I never watched. I was doing my channel surfing and they had a guy with a whole stack of Ben and Jerry's ice cream. I was on the local cut-in on channel 4, I believe it was. And I was wondering what the hell was that all about? Because I see Ben and Jerry's ice cream on and I start hyperventilating. And you will too. Once you have your first taste of Ben and Jerry's fish food, you will know that you've just discovered what life is really all about. Your taste buds will be doing a kazaki. Even the glam say my taste buds are doing a kazaki. That's right. When they try fish food. The greatest ice cream, the greatest thing may be you've ever put in your mouth. And that's coming a lot of territory I'm sure. I thought ice cream was gooey, caramel, marshmallow, loaded with those little chocolate pieces. Shake just like fish. And then the fish digs to tidy over in between pint and fish food. This is fish food on a stick covered in thick, dark rich chocolate. And of course all of Ben and Jerry's flavors are legendary because they're all great. Not just your ordinary boring pedestrian ice cream flavors, but flavors like cherry Garcia. Chocolate cherry Garcia. New York Superfudge, Chunky, Hubby, Chunky Monkey. Chocolate chip cookie dough, dashed in glass and heath bar quenched. It'll just drive you nuts. Ben and Jerry's more than just ice cream. It's a terminal addiction. In my case, you'll have a big smile on your face. Tick up 20 or 30 pints at your favorite this supermarket convenience store. And your gas station like your mobile statements loaded with them. Or visit the two Ben and Jerry's scoops in town. One may have into a mall between blooming nails in the AMC theaters. And one on Miami Beach at 760 Ocean Drive. There's nothing in the world like stick and Ben and Jerry's in your post. Liberty parachute. You're a polytheical horn. You're a polytheical horn. My people have needles. I would like you through. Now that I'm a political horn. You're a polytheical horn. I tell them right away. I'd like a one night's day. Up soon, no white house behind closed doors. I want to be. Jerry's now, I want to be. Jerry's girl. With my leg waving in the breeze. Up soon, I want to be. Jerry's now, I want to be. Jerry's girl. I'd be. Up soon, no green. I'll call his hotline phone. Tell him I'm all of those. And I'm turned on by his silly. A political horn. And if he won't have seen. Then I'll have Hillary. But I would rather make it all three. I want to be. Jerry's girl. I want to be. Jerry's girl. With my leg waving in the breeze. Up soon, no white house. Jerry's now, I want to be. Jerry's girl. I want to be. There's you the piece of something. Jerry's got the five 50, what is 2am? One fat, neurotic, Jewish bitch. One is a jet. Bring down the American government. Honey, like that. Two open lines and they kind of see what can't these people get serious for once in their life. It puts the notion in the bars. Do you understand? These people at our obsessed with stupid crap like, you know, Danny, Marine all and give me got in and it wants to get serious for once in their life. It works the notion in the basket. Here's a Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. You know what? My one would be. She, uh, she's a little Jewish more. But you know what? The problem is when the trip that that picture. She said about Chelsea, Clinton's daughter. She said that she was disgusting. Couldn't get a date. Yeah. What were you, how were she wanted to call? She said, she did talk. Yeah, that's true. Who the hell, that actually was on a MSNBC, I mean. What does surprise that is, huh? Well, yeah, I can't, I'm so sick of her all though. I can't stand that guy. But anyways, you know, Linda Trip, who the hell is she to talk? I want someone to really get her face and just curse around someone as a power to do. I can't. Yeah, but who would get that close? You talk about getting your approach? Who would get that close? I have no idea, but, um, you know, I just had to stand her. You know, she's a real, real piece of trash. And she has no right to talk about Chelsea, Clinton. Poor girl. Poor Chelsea, yeah. I mean, you know, she's not the boy. Chelsea, I mean, just because Hillary used to wear her hair like that, why does Chelsea have to do it? No, I have no idea. What Chelsea got her from, but you know what? Don't bring the daughter in this. Yeah, I have some respect. That's right. Next thing though, but then we'll just turn it around. We'll start taking on Linda's son. Yeah, well, not, you know, don't skip the hit. You know, but Linda Trip that said, well, who the hell is she waving her face? Like, you know, Linda Trip's a bad thing. Linda Trip's a bad thing. Linda Trip's a bad thing. Linda Trip's a bad thing. Oh, dry, looks like a guy. She's seven feet wide. She makes me want to touch your eyes. But now, Linda, Linda Trip's a bad thing. I can't wait for that. Can't wait for that. She's with two spelligines A floated enough leave-acted. She wants a she a trusted for saying. Uh, britly current, and 그래 things on-bored. Uh, they found that all choosing, from that self-promoting ugly. How much were you today? Four Monica's day My Richard Dean Lensk I'm so close to every minute It's just that day I wake you up and leave you alone I'm so happy with what you asked me I can't believe it, you're my husband Just who do you think you're a fool in a You better talk yourself, please gently say You're really that drudged shit of you I'm so happy with what you did I can't believe it That's like when the L-President, they went Bubble was over there in the Middle East this week In a couple of days ago And people are like, what is this? We don't understand this We're trying to avoid bloodshed And the war is popping up all over the God, they're more and more of them, you know? And in the meantime, they're worried about This is like a thing out of a soap opera Is what it's all about That's exactly what it's like It's like a whole thing out of a soap opera With a phone sex With a tapping of the phone The legal tape recordings And all the other Belonia and Lustian Goldberg put the idea in this one's mine And can't stop any legally, they went And they talked to It's all the illegal stuff that was done All the leaks that were done Is there anybody to be talking about those things? No, nobody cares about any of that We have all this righteous Indignation now man And every Republican politician Practically to write down at the last man And woman and even at stupid Mary Bono whichever category she fits in They are rightfully indignant They have to protect the constitution It is like a bad dream It's like a whole country is being dragged to a nightmare Happy holidays from your government, by the way Happy Hanukkah, Mary Christmas, Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year The worst congress in the history of the United States Bar none, there's not even a contest And it's interesting, they've been pushing Janet Reno, we have to have another independent council We investigate campaign finance abuses And these are the same Republicans by the way Every time it comes up for vote in the congress They vote low on campaign finance reform Every single time it comes up they kill it Who the hell are they kidding? And that of course they discovered that duel was just as guilty as taking dirty money It's Clinton, it's a lesson They just decided to throw that all down the toilet But these people that are coming on there and speaking on these cameras And the news people just let them off the hook This is the sad part And they come on as if we're supposed to believe that they're just Bringing their hands and they're going through all of this Traumatic self-examination An internal, a gut wrenching And they wish they never had to approach this day And the meantime they're not going to have any difficulty What's the weather when they ask for their vote From Friday morning or Thursday afternoon That's what they're going to say In peaches ass, we hate them like poison Why don't they just say that? Wouldn't it be a lot better? At least if they were just honest and say, we hate the son of a bitch We're going to get his ass out no matter what it takes We tried every other goddamn thing and didn't work Now we got enough votes to do this. Let's give it a shot Right? Like Robert Duval in network Remember he was talking about how was a horn network What we got to lose? Let's give it a shot Put some crazy bastard on there in a bullcraft Let's give it a shot And that's what they're saying. Let's send it to the set Even like that Joseph Lieberman who's a Democrat My little dog is a Democrat One that he's independent that he's a Democrat Joe Lieberman from Connecticut He's under yesterday saying, well, you know if it does go to the full Senate there's never there's no way to know what's really going to happen And that's what they're counting on They're counting on creating this new title Wait even though there's no no evidence even though we know that he lied What the the polls are saying like 85 90% of people said Yeah, he committed perjury he lied we still don't care Because we know what it was about and had nothing to do with the government Nothing nothing to do with anything Except getting a couple of blow jobs and not wanting to We'll fetch up to it This is embarrassing this really is I'm embarrassed to live in this country I really am Where people are more concerned about God damn football games than the future of whole God damn world They don't care their priorities are asked backwards Thank God the audience on this station doesn't have that kind of kind of How long Here's Miami hello Hello, yes sir I'm a strategist I respectfully I disagree We I think that they really said thing throughout this whole mass is the fact that People really don't think that lying under oath Just significant anymore and And that the president of the United States can do it with impunity because No, he can't do it with impunity like I said before if they want to If they want to you know, indict him on ega leaves office But to suggest that if it impetrable offense Which has only to do with crimes against the government Well, there's a thing called a statute of limitations You know when he gets that of office And it's a statute of things The things and how many years I'm not sure For purtery I'm not really sure Uh-huh But I think the same way would you bring that up is anybody else brought that up? I don't think so nobody better you better suggest that nobody else is you You bet your ass the president's lawyers will bring it up after getting that of office Yeah, might you something interesting to discuss right now, but I think on the grand scale things The sad part is that nobody really gives it down about lying under oath And it's just an insignificant sort of thing And when the president of the United States does it And I don't care if it's because of Monica Lewinsky or the Chinese gift to $50,000 Just telling you this the software for the missiles right? Right, right, right, right Yeah, whatever it is, you know If a person lies under oath Well, what is any of the other things you just mentioned Have to do with these articles and impeachment Well nothing, I'm just saying that the most significant thing you'd like to know about Wouldn't be something involving the actual security, the least significant Right, that's it then that would be a bit correct That would be an impeachable offense Lying about getting a few blow jobs There is not an impeachable offense, okay, and it's obvious where this guy's coming from And you know you belong right up there in a Congress where the rest of these lunatics, okay Because no matter what anybody would say to you you've already made up your mind It's just like when we're sitting there allegedly listening to the defense being You know the presidents defenders is attorneys doing their thing They were paying an attention they'd already drafted the goddamn for articles of impeachment They'd already made up their mind So all of this horse crap about well they're ringing their hands They're waiting till right right before the vote, ball crap This is a political thing There's like a gun to these people's heads, there's a political gun right at their head And this guy's given you a song of dance about well lying And of course we know that Reagan never lied to us about Iran contra and Bush never lied to us about that And nobody ever lied to us about anything This, you see, it's too late for a good civics lesson And most of the American public even as part of the fact that they agree he shouldn't be impeached They have no clue what impeachment's really all about or what was intended for When the president was elected the first time A lot of people knew millions of people knew that he was a flanderer And certainly when he was elected the second time He knew that he lied flat out about Jennifer Flowers That he was a flanderer, a womanizer, they didn't care And they still don't care Which is at least a good sign that the majority of the American people are a lot more adult than the people in the Congress Although most of these assholes in the Congress It's just being used as an excuse because most of them are flanderers anyway Of course who would touch Indiana gross latent when you come right down to me I don't want to mention anything about desto Four minutes before 11 at 5.50 WQAM The Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WQAM my amy Fort Latterdale It is so hard All right Kevin, it's your turn Why don't you stand up in front of the class now and give us your report Kevin Kevin, stand up Are you a teenage boy who has recently realized that at the drop of a hat you seem to pop with God like a stif bag or something Are you sure that's what's this It's very significant Well, stop for no more We at the theft corporation have stolen an idea from a popular deodorant and modified it to remedy your situation The product you grow a body heat activated pedal spray Get a couple squirts of the grow in the morning and the moment the blood starts to rush The grow kicks in and stops the impulse warning Did not use the grow on week and nights where the prom was off could devastate your social life Use only when erected. Thank you. It's a lot of the clock 5.60 WQAM The bookstore will be along for Hank this afternoon between two and two and six two and two And then we got Kimba for a hour six o'clock because we got the Panthers in a penguins tonight Oh, the Macarena So here's our total right up to the minute number for center one This is a miracle and we couldn't have done it without my growing crazy about this and they responded How do you like that? If only the members of Congress would respond to this way When people scream in a hollow in yellow and call in the 97,621 boxes I speak right now. I wouldn't be surprised especially with the who's out there. Chris and Lou Chris and Sam and whoever Chris and somebody out there at the a pizza law Plaza on the University drive and David They're right between nations bank and peer one imports with the QM van which you can't miss with all of our best in the LCDs and stuff And they got those freed off in t-shirts and whatever else they got boxing tickets So by the end of the day today We should be very close to 100 grand and certainly some time tomorrow We're gonna go over a hundred grand in spite of buddy nebin and spot everybody else in the we won't ask anybody to build any monuments and he statues any Fountains or anything else Nice job Here's for a lot of Dale hello. Oh yes sir. Hey, he's got to go in a little bit there Whether it should have said that when he testified that he couldn't remember if he had sex with them with Lewinkey In the work for Reagan didn't that any concocture There's a relationship that he should have been focused his CA is can be Alzheimer's Yeah, it's the same thing. He doesn't matter who's in office, but the other party's always trying to get him out regardless Yeah, well, they've been trying to get Clinton out since the first day they put his ass in there All right, you don't keep them to work. Okay. Happy whatever. Happy a passport hunting. We have an open line at Broward to a date five six seven Oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line My favorite moment with all those hearings was when they finally finished the Henry Hyde looks straight into the camera and said it works the notion in the basket Yeah, that was my favorite moment. That was the defining moment of the whole goddamn the hearing And they all looked around at each other like half here's plantation. Hello. Okay sir It's what we should have the holiday and Make sure it will check later on under the death like the use that the other station remember that I do remember that one it was a thousand dollars or fifteen hundred Check that said under Helsing's best career. I've wanted to call you to eat up for the longest time I haven't heard that out of the big shop call you don't like Twenty-fox. Yeah, for what give me your check Twenty-fox. Gonna give me a check Yeah, or what the other drunk guy on power and six. Okay We have an open line in the Broward and two in the day five six seven rhymes with fox five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty out of AT&T wireless line look at a response here today are these people fired up and pissed off Oh, they couldn't give a crap less about anything So I'm gonna take a moment or two to see if we get in here. This is weak. That's okay. Had a woman call from New York City this morning already very articulate the young lady That's she's from New York And of course we had that first that Sally one had called an incoherent Sally. Oh boy, and she was from here by the way. Just mention that She like I told you that brilliant New Yorkers. They're all up there in New York Anyway quoting from just one quick paragraph open secrets by David Aaron steam G. Hollywood 1928 to 1998 because even the heterosexuals and fact probably more so than facts. They want to know who's a faggan who's not It says in the 1993 a crisis in 1993 a crisis of sorts of rows when Gavin Dillard star of track meat and other gay erotic features attempted to publish his memoirs in the flesh Undressing force success to Harper Collins when David Giffin and Barry Diller learned that the book contained Detail allegations of the relationships with Dillard libel action was threatened Five years later the memoir finally found a home at Durricade books with the mogul's real names replaced by pseudonyms A lot of the happened in the intervening years with Giffin coming out and using his cloud to help gays and aids causes in numerous ways And Diller likewise pitching in while insisting a failedy maintain over his private life That's very dillard that fan fact that I can't stand it. I'd like that just thought I mentioned that in passing So I'm sure that as soon as we started doing that whammy thing I even mentioned that on here Even though of course they never put that on here. They kept bleeping that out from the TV show I'm sure that and dared me tremendous Look, I don't really give a crap home over the other because the whole experience has been really embarrassing But nevertheless, we'd still like to keep getting those checks which haven't seen no check for last week yet We see any yet. No, just mention that in passing again. I know it's the holidays Here's Hialia. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I worked in a shot the free quick minute of a good no Open line in date one in Broward five six seven. 05 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in four-loader deal. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil Okay, I agree with the sex part that you know whatever he does his own business, but you know It happened on government property You know, I'm sorry, how about all the sex that the the entities were having did that happen? I'm a government property. I'm a person. I'm a government property. This is his house. This is where the president lives Okay, oh, the office he doesn't sweep the new office. What what does it make what orifice is happening? Let me just say this. Okay, and Think about that it happened in a pantry. What about it? It happened they uh back by the I mean what do you where you there do you know exactly on which spot of the word took place? Okay, let's just use it in the metro room Is it matter room? Does it matter to Kennedy did it? No, does it matter that all these guys do it? Does it matter to half the Congress? Does it? Yes, the key is They didn't go before the Supreme Court and say no. I did not have sex and lie before those guys before this and down court Yes, so when the front of the Supreme Court and said that Clinton You went from the Supreme Court? They would call by the justice system This Supreme Court All right, strike them. Yeah, okay strike you strike three you're out See we get guys like that he keeps getting a louder or louder. He doesn't know what they'll be talking about He meant to say the grand jury a federal grand jury, but he's talking about the Supreme Court This guy don't know will you a mernquist from his renquist? Open line of day one and broder five six seven oh and it happened on in an government property That must be a first it's the first time anybody had an elicit sexual act on government property Okay, do anybody believe that? Oh, yeah, I got I got the Brooklyn Bridge I got the group called the Brooklyn Bridge and I'll sell both of them to you for fifty bucks Okay, let me just do that one speaking of that asshole last night who's he got on there? Is I'm channel surfing he's got Barney Fag a Frank and he's got this crazy guy from the FBI That's trying to pedal his crazy book and then he's got Johnny Cochring on there And Loret King is trying to make a shit off here as they say and you know He's trying to hook up and I'll follow if we can just get president catch a clean the you know If we can get a brilliant attorney in there like Johnny Cochring So wasn't bad enough he tried to pawn off Ross P. Roll on the American public now He's trying to bring back Johnny Cochring for another go around and let's get him in there like he knows something about it And of course everything that came out of his post was totally irrelevant the head and the lady will do's talking about Leave it to Loretio, okay, do you know what I'm talking about? I think you do Johnny Cochring light life and that's exactly what this is gonna be by the way It's OJ Part 2 If we have a trial in the Senate it'll be just like the OJ D all over again and go on for months and months and months Day after day after day in fact I can just sit back here and do commercials We'll just open up the CNN pot if that's what you want and You can your endless the only difference thing we've already heard it all before We've already heard all of it air in fact just go out there in your bookstore and buy the kin and the star report Air read the tail and about how they had to go to the video store and they had to go to the bookstore and find out about the fact that Monica was You know getting books on phone sex air read juicy detail We're gonna have to find out about that dress and what part of the dress the stain was on and set or went so on Because that's where the right wing that's where their head is that if I can use that expression Their head is in there back home because when it comes to a sexual pecker do all that's when a really start oh, man They get real nervous and excited They start rubbing her hands together the friction gets that yeah too hot a little bit too hot better calm down Couldn't nail him on anything of any any consequence So now let's nail him with us corner more the sexual thing and like anybody else We know he's gonna lie about it and guess what he lied about it And he's apologized every which way the prayer brick fistia He amidst lead he lied he occurred you're he did this well whatever. I mean He could gravel he could come there and kiss each one of those right wingers on their big fat pimple He could still undo any good Because they have one goal and one goal only and that is to get his ass out of there and don't you ever confuse me or anybody else with anything else? Because that's what it's all about oh There's representative Bob Nye of Ohio spending in further Christmas tree. All right The Dow by the way is down 51 points. They're just mentioned that in passing I got a through attraction looking. Congratulations get alive From a walked Don't I don't think that. You'll bring your life to pieces. But with the counts of going through it, from time to new, the start of the garden is getting fomped into you. But in you, in the start, just in you, in the start, just in you, to the start. Right there in the world, all this is quite a lot on. I'm definitely proper with this guy's body. And he just plays music. He's done it. And he went there before to Supreme Court. And the front of Chief Justice, when you're mode Douglas, he's dead. 11 15 is 5. 60 W to Q a m. And front of Earl Warren, oh, he's dead too. Anyway, we're real slow out there at our Q a m van. At the pizza law Plaza. We should be smoking out there. And that's our crowd. That's David. Get on your horse and zip on over there. Okay, because Chris is getting really Angie like he does every day. We only got 85 bucks today. We could get real close to that $100,000 total. If we get these batches off their ass. And you know, you go buy their pick up a few CDs, get yourself a free dolphin, T-shirt, whatever else he's given away. And then zip over to the pizza law. Make Jeff Cohen-Hanthi, good nice lunch over there. Which he'll charge your very modest price for. Huh? You can make a whole little swing, a little interlude in between all your shopping and slumping around. And before you stop off at the passport office. I mean, anybody like, and I know, I'm not the experience world traveler that may maybe some of you are who've been really all over the world like the Asia and wherever else. But I'm going to tell you something after you've been around, you know, a little bit to like real countries where they have their priorities in order and they know what life is really all about. And then you come back here to this constipated atmosphere where everybody has such a goddamn hypocrite and so sexually uptight. Just like that thing in Amsterdam, they were he takes off the tie and throws it, you know, and the people on the newscast and Amsterdam come on life night at the newscast during the sports guy. Rip off their ties and they keep them on a floor too. Called freedom. Which is country knows very little bit of a little bit of a little about we talk a good game about it, but we know almost nothing about it. Because the people are very well brainwashed, but in this particular matter, it's an interesting, they're not so well brainwashed. And the right wing isn't too happy about that. So they're going to seize the opportunity. They're going to seize the moment. They've got this one window of opportunity while this Congress is still sitting there with this mathematical advantage and they're going to attempt to seize this opportunity. And nothing is going to stand in their way. And like I said at the beginning of the show this morning, I've been telling you for a long time, this is what they want through my wing to perform a bloodless coup and take over the range of this government to totally disable the government that we've got in their right now. And that's what they're on the verge of doing. And everybody's sitting back, well, I decked the hall's way, roll off of a hally, you know, the stuff like that. Let's start getting with it, okay? Let's start getting into the important things in life. I'm not going to play that. Well, I was going to play. No, I'm not going to do it. How could you possibly be sitting in their laughing at a time like this? It works the lotion in the basket. That's true. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. You know, it's taken this to get me to call the first time in all these years. Really? But, yeah, I mean, it's really new, see that I've got one thing to tell you quickly first. In case you didn't know, there was a big rally tonight, maybe you'd want to mention it. I did mention that, but it's not going to do any good. I don't know. I called and the only problem is, you know, it's kind of like at the end of work time. I couldn't even make it. Right. I mean, the plus people are doing a hally shopping. They picked the most perfect time when people are preoccupied, but all the things that they feel are more important. And in the meantime, they're going to sneak in there in the next couple of days. And they're going to do this thing. We're going to be stuck for the next six months or nine months or eight months. And have another soap opera going on. The votes tomorrow. So if anybody's going to do anything, it would have to be tonight. And that's it. I just teeing on Broward and third, that's a bit federal building. As 5.15. And yeah, on the T.D. he's going to be there. But I just have this one thought or a question, I don't know how original. But like, you know, every time you hear about all these other congressmen doing all these things, and they say, oh, but he wasn't under which McCallard. He wasn't under oath. And he hadn't taken no strength. But what I don't understand is they're talking about the children. And I have a teenage son and they're talking about the morals and all this. So what then is that message? It's okay if you do it. It's okay if you lie as long as you're not under oath. Right. There you go. Right. So that's okay. It's okay to lie just don't get caught. And Henry said as long as you hide it. Right. But need to know that it's in the open, but it's okay. Hi, did it? It's okay. Because he didn't lie under oath. So what is that message for giving the children? The message is just be careful how you lie. Right. So I just don't understand that moral soap box because we're, do you want to see what I'm saying? I'll see you at the passport office. Bye bye. Thanks. We have an open line today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 60. How to get your T and T wireless line. Let's all go to Copenhagen. Oh, there you go. Maybe we can do something about that weather up there. Maybe we can improve the goddamn weather. Let's go to a place where they understand what life is really all about. Here's a bokeh. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. I'm in bokeh. And a life isn't perfect. It's a tough life. Yeah. Well, this man is a good man. He's a good president. Okay. And it's really not fair. Because he has folks and he's a human being. Just like everybody else in the world has folks. And he's got a few people. He's got a few people. He's got a few people. And he take good things with it. He helped people. He helped people that were down. He helped the middle class. He did good things with with with with with a lot of people and he goes out overseas. He's the health people. And he does it every day. And he does everything good. And all these people want to do is knock them down and get rid of him. Because they take out something against him. And it ain't fair. We're as a mother president. We have to stop that heat. And and and and and and has done. He have to stop that heat. It's just not fair. And it's really terrible. And it got a. Those who do some treatment crap at all. These are the people. I don't know what to say. You know, it's really bad. Okay, my friend. Have a great life. Okay. We have an open line of flowers. I'm listening. We need a few laughs today for crying out loud. There's no sense of getting more than all the price to bother. It's a very ugly and unacceptable thing. But we need a laugh or two here. Long. But a little smile on their posts. You know what I'm talking about? Because you know what that does. It works the lotion in the basket. That's what I said. Yeah, excuse me, the chills. It's kind of creepy is what it is. This whole thing is creepy. This radio station is creepy when you come right down with all those six You old kids that are worried about the guy at the end points bread. We got a bunch of we got a bunch of this is the only place in America where you find ten You will kids that are in GA already. Which is a very set situation. But at least. Maybe we can help them get over their compulsive gambling early in life to make way for a real good clean, you know, honest life when they move to a real country sometime. And let me say it again. People who are the guilty is here. The people in the media. You may be ex. You're the ones who are legitimizing all of this like somehow this makes sense. The media is sick and you thought that. They should all be saying hey, what what's happened here? How would we all of a sudden we're zipping along on i9-95 at 100 miles an hour? And all of a sudden we took this turn in the road. There wasn't even any side road there, but all of a sudden it came to a screeching hall. We made this big turn in the road. Can somebody explain that to us? No. Here's a pay phone in Miami. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay. You have a great show. Yes, I do. And I love listening to you. I have to tell you. I agree with everything you say. You almost brought tears to my eyes this morning when you said, yeah, Republicans and Congress were asked for. I'd love it. Yeah. They are. Yes. I thought there were a few of them that were less malignant than some of the other ones. But now it goes to show you there a bunch of pansies and they're just the easily manipulated. And they're terrified. Absolutely. I love what Chris Shaz did. You know, he's trying to get a consensus of what his people say. And I think the people have spoken. In fact, USA today is 70% today that don't want him to keep. And I think this goes through. I mean, I'll be totally disgusted. I will have to renew. Everyone of these reports that I'm raised 70 to 80% including Clay Shaw and Indiana Gross Lighten by 70 to 80% of their constituents are calling in and saying, no, to impeachment. And he's still long care. They don't know. Give a crap. They're idiots. And I just want to say one more thing with Mary Bowen. Oh, how? What the hell? How did she get to vote on four articles on the impeachment? And she's such a hypocrite. She doesn't even know the meaning of the words. She would know impeachment from her guide then. Correct. That's right. From her ass. Well, I just want to say great job in keep it up. I'll see in Greenland. Okay. Okay. I'll see in Iceland. I'll rick a vick. We have an open line in date. Open line in Brower. Come on. Let's get out of here. Let's get out of big banana boat. We've got all these banana boats coming in. We've got out of banana boat going out. And we'll find some place where we can live in peace and harmony and tranquility. And if people want a boat job, they can get one without having to guide them. Government investigations. And if they don't want to tell a truth about it, nobody's going to say, why are you liar, pants on fire? Oh, and that, by the way, take a look at the blue dress. She was the, you know, something Mitch Ryder was ahead of his time. Have you ever stopped to think about this? That maybe it was Monica, who was the devil with a blue dress on? If I could find that song right now, I'd pay like a million dollars for it if I had it. When that be great, she's the devil with a blue dress on. It's goddamn bitch Monica. And when you all use out there, light your manure candles here at Hanukkah time, you better think about her, okay? Pretend you're lighting her dress on fire and she's wearing it. When you put that mess to your candles, say Baruchatata adenoi, Coxahuis Monica, that's what you should be saying, okay? In fact, he's thinking himself, he'd rather play the harmonica. That's what Johnny Paleo would say if he could say it. Is he dead, Johnny Paleo? Harmonica? You don't even know who that is, do you? A little legit, they used to blow on it and the harmonica too? Fort one, forty five by the way. We're at one forty five, we're getting there over to the pizza law plaza. We'll have another big day today, but crispy and very impatient over there. Just relax, just be patient like I am, okay? That's right. Just sit back, take a deep breath, we'll get a crowd over there for you. Just stay in one place long enough, they don't have to keep patient as around all day. That's where we make the big mistake. We get a little bit of momentum, build up, and then we start, you know, we turn tail and we run. Hundred and forty five bucks were getting real close to that hundred grand total. This is a shocker today, even your shock, aren't you, Mr. Reddounding Thomas in your homicide, Daryng? Horgey, who never thought we could get close to a hundred grand, and well, maybe there's a couple of weeks ago. Huh? Didn't look too promising, you people had snowed down to a slow down to a snail's pace. And all of a sudden that you know who'd end by the way, thanks again to my close personal Fred buddy, Neven to the Sun Sentinel, who's here to one and motivated me with that stupid article. I can take a lot of shots in the media around the year, I don't care about that. I'm used to it. But when somebody starts giving me a song that I dance about, Mary's and money for charity, and we ought to kiss Wayne Dast, one thing about Wayne that we all know, he's an asshole. That's a given, that's guaranteed. And when somebody's trying their damnedest and bust in their balls to try to do something good for charities in this town, and doesn't even get a goddamn mention, not that I'm looking for one because I'll never get one, especially in that newspaper or the other one. And that corrosive radio talk show host was only raised millions of dollars for charity in the last 12 or 15 years in his town. You should only be so corrosive, you little midget with a bad guy named Barry, you smell like, and you look like a two by the way, at least you're consistent. Bloody Neven, oh, perfect. You can't allow for very jackass, okay? There's a match for you. 1126 at 560 WCW. You're cute. You're a god. Oh, well he's a Tala has the nasty, oh, who got the money from his daddy? Are you sure? And it's like that I little granny, oh, with an agenda that's practically, oh, well he's a Tala has the nasty, double pay a fillet. Well he's a pretty dental son, who doesn't have to run, no one else has gone away any minute. Well done, who's right in? She's high, she's high, she's high, she's high, she's high, she's high, she's high. He has a golden suit, he was born with a fizzazz, so look out on the juice. Get ready for the gas, he's a Tala has the nasty, oh, he'll get in our table right from WCW. Oh, I think the Tala has the nasty, double pay a fillet. Well he's a very wealthy dude, with very bad juice, who never pays the juice by the tear will always prove she's hard. She's hard, she's hard, she's hard, she's hard. And he's not going to win that race against Buddy, but hey, why don't you think they call it killer? The Tory landing race, he's a Tala has the nasty, oh, he'll think they take him to have the. Oh, I think the Tala has the nasty, double pay a fillet. Come home, let's do step, come on, they're all right. It's 11.31 at 5.60 WCW, and this much is re-energized, all these will charge a Democrat, including in this state. But we do have Governor Buddy McKay, Governor for a day, remember Queen for a day, we got Governor for a day or two or just a couple of weeks. What a shame, huh? Well, that's the only way he was ever going to be governor, couldn't get, he couldn't fix it, wouldn't fix the election. He couldn't win mayor of Miami with Xavier Swaris, that's how we key is. Where we going, let's go to Key West, Tala. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Is he ever going to be a more viable boy, John, the boy, he's going to get paid off for? No. Then what's he gave? No. That pig. That disgusting fat cow? Yeah, well, I thought it's unreal to make it a movie out of the pig. Have you seen her? Have you seen pictures of her recently? Oh, yeah, in the tabloid, she must weigh 600 pounds. Did you see the child's phone look like Mickey Mouse? Did you see the size of a white cream cheese leg? Yeah, and then about her big Jewish record. Yeah, her fat ass, yeah. Yeah, yeah, but I'm doing it, she's a piece of fat pig, but you know what, she's going to make out like a bandit. That's right. And you know what, the African American way, Neil? That's right, because she got complete immunity from that great American judge star, there you go. That's the American fucking way. She and her mother, the got the much more. They got complete immunity, but the president, he's got his dad's online because she came there with their presidential leaphead. It was wearing a skirt up to her armpits. In fact, they were saying around the White House, boss. She sure has Harry armpits. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, have you noticed as we get closer to him, piece of Monica, just gets bigger and bigger? Right. Like a helium balloon. Yeah, she's going to pop like a tick. Uh-huh. Let's see if he gets to the boat. Yeah. You know, about calling the congressmen, you're absolutely right. Wait, it's a time. It is. I thought it could do any good. I've seen her. I've spent a whole four hours today and tomorrow and even on Friday, if the Volk Terry's over to Friday, I've seen her screaming at yelling in my little corner of the world and try to get people on a foot. And it's not different not paying any attention. They don't care. That's right. I used to work for Bob Graham and they're all those congressmen and senators that I met are so very moved from us that it's not even funny. They live in their own neighborhood. It's all going on behind the scenes, behind closed doors, on the telephone, in little smoke-filled back rooms. Yeah. They're public. They couldn't care less. Yeah. They're completely out of Texas as it's really. It's frightening. And I saw firsthand. That's even more. I'm going to try to what the Republican Party is doing. And that is they had a real viable candidate. And spread of the fact that he thinks only questions go to heaven. But nevertheless, they had a real viable candidate. George W. Bush will may have actually been able to beat Gordon 2000 and right now they're guaranteeing no chance. Oh, no. No way. Forget it. This is just ridiculous. Yeah. Well, I won't be here by then. I'm going to graduate school in Europe. I'm talking to graduation. So I'll call you. They have a file for me. Sure. Good luck. We have an open line of day counting. There's somebody that's going to Europe. Okay. Where they really know what life is all about. Or where they're just, they're not even laughing anymore. In the beginning, they were laughing at us with this thing. Now they're looking us like saying, oh my god, they're serious. That's what they're saying all over the rest of the world. They're looking. And the beginning, they thought it was like, you know, just our peculiarities again. And we had to get out of our system. Like a teenager going through a difficult adolescence. Now they're saying, oh my god. They're serious about this crap. Nobody can believe it. Yeah. That's what it is. Nobody lied. It's perjury under. Big deal. He got a couple of blows. You have to screw in around on the side. Okay. The whole Paula Jones thing was orchestrated by these right wing lunatics. Richard Melon's case and all these other maniacs in the Gary Bowers of America. And this La Hey maniacs, we're talking about right wing nut cases. That ought to be in a loony bin somewhere. And they're on to verge of taking over the government. We're seeing in a good war of will and a piece toward a piece of this and a piece of that whatever. And now what they're saying? Got resty Mary gentlemen. Isn't that kind of like a Jewish song? Okay. Where we going? Let's go to a West Palm Beach. Hello. Any other police now without how you do it? I back to you sir. Um, couple things. I thought you're a city that borders and borders and borders. I wanted to know how the sport was in Palm Beach County for that. Not too bad. Pretty good. Very good. And real quick, um, I saw a piece this morning kind of stirred me on the STN. And, um, a reference, uh, athlete that do, uh, better not coming out of the closet. Oh yeah. I think Tim, I was not tomorrow night. They're going to have that thing on ESPN. Right outside lines. I get to have a preview on it. They had the forestation on there that said that, um, it's acceptable to society having criminals as, uh, athletes, but I gave. Right. And, uh, I haven't think about that all morning. And I'll be real interesting. The, all the jobs, the extra that we have on this station, who are in total denial, by the way, that would never admit that there were any fags on the teams when they were playing at the dolphins or in the league. And you go then well, and I could name you names, but I won't. But, uh, they're all over the place. Exactly. And it's just real sad when we really sit down and think about it that we, as society, can accept, uh, criminal as an athlete, but not a gay person. Not all our real lives. Well, guys, it beat up their women. Those are real men you understand. Exactly. Exactly. Well, thank you. You haven't been all the way. What time is that on the mark, you know? I think it's a data clock from my mistake. I'll be glued to it. Oh, me too. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. There's no fact in the general, or in the NHL. I could name you some names, but I need the job. We're in this quarterback, it's lonely. All right. He likes receive as better wise. Are you sure? Some people say that number eight is gay. Oh, God. They say, trust the big blind. Correct, though. We're very smart. We're going to make it a joke. We're going to make it a joke. We're going to make it a joke. Hey, man. You go down as easy, man. It's kind of like, simply easy, man. He loves to serve cowboys on their behalf. I think I'm not sure. This guy's, he likes to please take man. He loves to serve cowboys on their behalf. Oh, we're fine. But it's droggy. I've heard some people say. In the heart of he goes down. Oh! Hey, hey, come here. You go down, please, hey, man. I can't suppose, please, like, man. Okay. Don't let him cause he likes it from me. Oh, he's only what? 48, 56. 21 till 12 at 5. 60 WKM. I got the Panthers in the penguins, but I was interested heavy in hot for that game tonight. No. Marty Strock will be playing Airstoo Barnes, who is going to his lomp and has been taken off the first line, but never less got 13 goals already. He'll be there too. Oh, I'd buy one other quick thing about that micro-rucill. You jackass, you fat pig over there to some fennel. Not only were you totally full of crap in that thing about two Barnes and Chris Wells and Chris Wells is in limbo and we'll never see him play again. You also forgot the fact that in that trade was Jason Rulley, who continues playing great for those buffalo sabers, who are hot as a pistol. Forget about that, too, didn't you? Like, whatever your name is, on a Russo. Probably can defeat a Russo. 21 till 12 at 5. The WQA. Mr. Speaker, this is Vice President. Members of the 100th Congress, distinguished guests, my fellow Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. One of the President, please. One of the Congress's most powerful opponents on your name. Was it every or did he say? This is why I know. Or did you spit? Did he issue a number to wait on line? I can't go to school. You go to school. Come head to the other one from Guy's house. Your conversation with him on the phone, Protietam Star with a Smith-Permanent heart. There is best occasion. What's the best? What's the nice Jewish girl like you? Or? On the car. On the car. Wearing a dress with present due. If you feel silly and where you survived, To find out where he was on the search come side. With a chorino, she would never try any scrotes on the car. On the car. Okay, it's 11.45. You do realize that it's not been for the blue dress. Had it not been for the blue dress, the DNA, the stay-not-the-dress. We wouldn't be going through any of this right now. You realize that? I just mentioned that in passing. And whose idea was it to get that dress to me right away? Monica's mother. The one we were supposed to feel so sorry for, Remember when they interrogated and they grilled her in a beater and whipped her into a bloody pop and she came out of there. Look at all frizzled and not too happy. We're supposed to feel sorry for that damn bitch. Oh, give me that dress right away. I'll keep it fire. So it only can write the books and the movie and a screenplay and make millions of dollars bring it on the country. We have an open line in date, 560560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's look at the positive things that are going on in the world, okay? It puts the notion in the basket. Here's Hylia, hello. Women are flat. Okay, thank you. How come we don't ever get a real collar in Hylia? Two open lines a day, 560560, maybe there are no real people in Hylia. Think that could be the answer? There are no real people in Hylia. There's a round mark in his left hand. Here's a pop and a hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. If you're better you are from Toronto. How you doing, Rob? Okay, remember I said you those tapes of Billy Hewitt a couple of years ago? Thank you so much. Glad you enjoyed it. I'm glad I found you. I drove down the other day. Yeah. I'm looking for you yesterday at the other station, old Moose Wheel Radio. I've been here a year. You've been here two years. I was paid for seven months before that for not working. I was waiting. Yeah, well done. So I'm looking around last night and come along, and I go look at this. I don't think I should show. Yeah, that's an old, that whammy thing is going to be history. We'll soon. Yeah, those are old reruns. Oh, really? So make one of these stations, huh? Did you like doing that? Well, that means that I didn't do anything. They just used to come in here and take a take the show every day and then butcher it up and put it on TV. Yeah. Well, I'm just thinking, how can this crap be happening in this country? I don't understand this. I mean, how come we get to here evidence that was illegally obtained? Right. This is nuts. We got a thing going on in Ontario, which was just settled the speaker or the house of the legislature in Ontario, was sued for sexual harassment by former employee. Right. And he slept with her a few times and then she decided not to. When he said, your job's on the line. No, she sued him. This goes on for months and months and months. The speaker resigns. He doesn't resign as a city. He resigns as a speaker. But main teams is seat in the legislature. Yeah. Months and months go by and then they settle it for like $600,000. Now, he get this. Yeah. She gets paid a quarter of a million dollars. The legislature spends a couple of hundred thousand dollars on investigating the thing. And then they give him $130,000 to pay his legal bills. There you go. Everybody gets paid. Nobody is guilty. Right. Nobody is innocent. Nobody is nothing except the taxpayers are at 600 grand. Well, at least he didn't molest any kids in Maple Leaf Gardens. Okay, that's one good thing. It was no green James either. Right. They let him out during the daytime because there's a lot of young hockey players who need some assistance. But anyway. Anyway, it's good to hear you on the air. I'm glad you're here. You must own this town by now. Yeah, I own it. Yeah. That's like saying that I own two pieces of beef jerky left in my bowl here. Plus you're not having great life. Thank you, man. Don't lose your passport. You can even use your visa or master cards. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 in Zade. Yeah. They can't understand it. The Canadian's built here today. What's going on down there, eh? What's wrong with you, people? Good question. We just don't want to grow up. We just refuse to grow up or hang an out of our infancy. I mean, we're tenaciously hanging on. And even the people that do want to grow up, they won't let us do it. 567.0550. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Are these people worked up into a frenzy in the WQM audience or what? How? Are they? They're worried about next week's guy damn dolphin Denver game. That's what they're worried about. It works the lotion in the basket. Right. Here's a lady is in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. What's this name? Yes, man. I want to know, I agree with you 100% about the media. And what can we do about the media? I try. Nothing. If we don't think they got us from the short hairs, man, they've got us where they want. Is there a plan? It's like a fiddle that we're exploiting this for everything they can get. And they're manipulating and twisting. And they present all of this stuff like it like it makes sense. Right. Because you know why, if they don't have anything to talk about, they're out of the house. And then it's done is all of a sudden quick right turn. And they're going from investigating the imprisoned or the impeachment or whatever they're calling it. Just wait, show down with Iraq. That's the new marquee now. And all they're talking about is Baghdad and how sadms not to initially won't do that. And then so now they got the whole world over a barrel waiting for the impeachment things going on tomorrow and Friday. Right. I do you think now I've done a call then I, you know, but I can't do it alone. And I don't know as long as we keep listening, they're going to keep going. Yeah. That's what I've been calling you for. I say the alternative is check out guiding light to the entry o'clock. Okay. Okay. Any chance for the pocket there? Chance of what? Are you giving away those pocket tickets? What tonight? When did I say that? I thought you said you have pocket tickets for tonight. I do. Mine. Okay. We have an open line in broad. I never it made any mention of hockey tickets. Did I say any? I said the penguins in the Panthers tonight. I'll be there. No. Did I say that? No. I'm talking about giving away hockey tickets? No. You want them? That, you know, here we are. Here we are on the verge of the president's being impeached. I got a woman that calls me to show you about free loading bitches we have in his town. And why I have like, you know, we got all the men listed in the show. We're all set with men, so to speak. But women we can't buy them for lover money. And this woman calls under the pretext of being concerned about the media. What are we going to do? What if, and then, oh, could I have the hockey tickets? It's like, Stan, midnight tonight there's going to be nuclear war. We're all going to be dead by 12 30 in a morning. And somebody calls in and it's, well, on Game over by 10 30, can I have the tickets? Might as well go out with a, you know, have some excitement there. Was that incredible even, even George, just sunk into his chair with a look on his push. I wouldn't, I can't even begin to describe. It was creepy. It was almost as creepy as it was. It was an option in the basket. But not quite. How we do know that out the pizza law applies it by the way, with the Christian, the whoever He's got with him today. 207 bucks at last count pretty slow over there. And that's because I had told you we had 97,000 and the 621. We're getting real close to the 100 grand psychologically. I should never have told you that. I should have lied and strongly were long and then come up with a real big number on Friday. Which part of it don't forget Saturday noon to two will be at the borders out there in the plantation acre. Whatever that is, I'm sorry, I was bull about right next to Amico right next to Best Buy. The borders books. No one to two this Saturday with all our best of stuff. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's coconut creek. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, that's a Brian. How you doing, Brian? Haven't talked in a couple years. Well, here I am. I just want to let you know. I stopped over there. Yes, they are called spring. Then pick up the two CDs. Thank you. They are the best ever. Yes, they are. I'll tell you how many of them. Anybody out there is a meal fan that has not purchased these new CDs. You got to get out there. They will be teen in their pants. That's right. By the way, I've got a song here. You requested I think you might enjoy this. Before I play, I want to say hello real quick to Andy Barry and Aquilax paint. And that other famous painter, Stephen Donald. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Don't forget. He was a famous painter. Can we get it on here? Uh-huh. Let's teach you. He's very good, by the way. Perfect to the Atkins. Here by the way. Go ahead. Brian. Ah! Mixed writer, limbs. Oh! It's a good game devil. The blue dress. What a chocolate. You look pretty good in that game. Nice to talk to you. We all what they said about Mixed writer by the way. Thanks a lot, Brian. I wouldn't be surprised if I had that back there. I'm going to look for it during the break. We're going to play that non-stop all week long devil with a blue dress on. It was the stain on a blue dress. That was the problem. Wouldn't it be something if the American government comes tumbling down because of a seamen stain on a blue dress from some jab? Wouldn't that be something, huh? Uh-huh. Yeah, you can say that again. Say it again. Uh-huh. One more time. No. Oh my god. The stain on the dress. If we wouldn't have had that, they would have had no evidence. It would have been he said she said, oh, and we could have gone on with life. Like we should have gone on. But we had that Nazi Kenneth Star that no good miserable right wing son of a bitch. With that sanctimonious look on his face. Who is enjoying who was relishing, who is getting sexual excitement from every moment of it. Even, you know, just during the when he was testifying there for the house of this year, he committed his hands were at the table. He was squeezing himself. Every word that he said he was squeezing it. That's what excitement he was getting. He was relishing it. He was that's right. Even put relish on it. Miservable piece of turd. Putting on an act and act that will net in in the history of Hollywood. There has never been an acting job like the one that he did. And then of course, Stan Dax walks away from this. Amanda's got some respect around Washington because he said it was totally unethical. What he did. Going there is an advocate. Not just presenting the report. Here's what I discovered. Here you do whatever you want with it. Like stick it in your recto, whatever you want to do. So he goes there selling the impeachment business. Because that's what he was put up to in the first place. That's what this has all been out of all about from the beginning. Couldn't get him on file gate. No. Travel gate. White water. No. Monica gate. There you go. That's what we got. Monica gate. And Linda Tripp who just happened to take those conversations with the help of her good friend, Lucian Goldberg. That big fat cow up there in New York who was running around Jason George McGovern with tape recorder for 20 some years ago. Ava Brown Jr. That's when you know the sad part of this, Lucian Goldberg. Oh, are we embarrassed? Did you as a college guy? Oh, Monica. Well, thank God Linda Tripp. I didn't do a shiny way. We got one going in there. Thank God for that. Four minutes till noon at five, 50 WCM. All of stress that's going on right now. We need a break. Where's my stovie? That's right. Put a big round one in your push and just relax. Be criminalized, put in Florida. I've brought the Quda for the strike. You're like a Nazi from the Ozer strike. A pleasant aim is to find anything. I plan to lie to it in between. What's your problem, Teddy? Stop. Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody, take you hard. Like Joseph's McCarthy. Did you know that your McCarthy was gay? The kind of like you can accept he never bays. Me, catch right home. Most buy his eyes. A tuning off fire with broken eyes. What's your problem, Teddy? Oh, if you've had it, we're closed. We would want to take you on like Joseph's McCarthy. We'd be free, free, free, free, free, free. Oh, we'd be free, free, free, free, free, free. Free, free, free, free, free. We say 287 is that we've stood dead or not during our lot there at the Pizza Law Files on the University of Drive and David. Of course, that was a location, those guys picked. I picked Coral Springs yesterday. We raised over, we raised 2,100 bucks there and Coral Springs. Nice going. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, haven't we already pretty much exhausted the pizza law back when we did our first thing back in October? The very first couple of days, didn't we already do that? Not that I'm not saying we won't do okay, but I don't think we will. 287 bucks in the Christmas it and not there really only. He's right there in a, with a QA in van, you can't miss it. We've got the three-year-old, we've got the three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, four-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, two-year-old, three-year, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, eight-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, three-year-old, six-year-old, five-year-old, acquired three-year-old, three-year-old,青 college college college, four-year-old, four-year-old, five-year-old, four-year-old, was to see and keeping Putin there. He's done a good job on his official capacities. And I got the most negative, I found it like I was getting the Republican response. Right. But I guess when you get to a certain financial level, you do become Republican and you think it. Yeah. Well, he's, Bob Graham has always been a real or a Casper milk toast, you know, writing the middle of the fence. And on this thing, he always, he always has to make sure he tells us how repulsive his behavior was. And now, on acceptable it was, and all of the other, but he never stole a freight train now. Well, it also comes around, what does around comes around? Well, I send a contribution to the President for his legal defense response. And in the future, if, in fact, this impeachment does come down, I intend to support any Democrat. I don't care if they have a 10th grade education. And they can't do it all right. Well, I mean, really just, if they want to go that route, we can jeopardize the country this way. I voted for Republican presidents in the past, Bush and Reagan. And, well, everyone has to go. That's the opportunity. But nonetheless, I can turn around and just be as much of a surplus the other way. So I'm in, I'm in, certainly, in agreement with you and trying to separate the difference between sexuality. By the way, when we elect a president, we give them a home and an office in their home. And that's a private question. And we're trying to call it the oral office anyway. What's wrong with that guy? Well, and have a great day. And happy holidays. We'll talk to you again in another 21 years. Thank you. OK. We have an open line of day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I'm not going to repeat what you told me before the by the way about that National Public Radio thing. I should have repeat that. I mean, they're going to put these calls on here. Huh? They should put me on here. Not the goddamn calls. They should put me on here. Telling it exactly the way it is. I should say that it's God damn not the Frank says. No one's seeing it right now. This sanctimonious goodly two shoes, hypocrites. Who probably don't even have a penis instead of him sitting there with his BDI looking those goofy glasses that he's gone on. I got glasses that look better than that, Mr. And he would, my God, then, triple over my forehead here. I still could tell a lot better than he is. To the American public listening to this spoon-fed bull crap coming from the media, which is all that it is. 24 hours a day. Now, we have nonstop. That's right, because they got a lot of time to kill. Here's North Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Leo. Yes. The truth about this whole thing, I don't know why the American public can't see it. This crap went on the White House. It's the coup to talk. Yeah. I thought it is. I said, first thing this morning, say, bloodless school. Yeah, and then bunch of ghouls up there. Oh, no, both of them will all do this. It's a bunch of crap. Yeah. Thank you much. The guy said it's a bunch of crap. So what's wrong with that? He hit her right on the head. They lines all open by the way, 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, 5, 60, animal, animal, animal, and animal. I leave it to our audience. Okay, leave me in the lurch here now. They don't care. They got nothing to say about this. They think I'm more important fish to fry. They got to worry about that Denver, my money game Monday night. They got to worry about the points, but on the TV, a leeward game tonight. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Fort Lauderdale. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Hey, can I get off the... Sure, you can say whatever you like. It's your moment in the sunshine. All right, good. I just thought that they had done away with these, like in the 60s and 70s. I just had the A-Mong lady over here. Have you seen the A-Mong lady in the last 20 years? I got news for them. When A-Mong lady comes to my door, you want to see her no more? It would check this out. That's gonna be an easy way. To go ahead, you take care of the wife, you buy the basket, and everything. You come right here, how should I buy it up, and it's done. So I'm looking through it, and I'll kind of nail polish, and tell you, what kind of stuff like that that's about? $89 worth of A-Mong. So she's walking across the street. I'm going through the basket, unbelievable. It's stupid. It's... She forgot to put the ocean in the bath. It works for the ocean in the basket. Yeah. Huh. We have an open-lighted drawer. How did I know? 560 and 560 on the mobile one line? One more time. It works for the ocean in the bath. Ha ha ha. All over time, people are asking one question. It's not about impeachment. They have one question that they want to know right now. What is a buffalo bill? 9 minutes after noon at 560, WQN, the books there for Hank. They want to put another fat guy in it here today, so he'll be over there at Juulastake 2 at 2 o'clock. And at 6 o'clock, Kimba Boak camper briefly, before Panthers hockey, man, you can smell it in the air. Can't you that enthusiasm about the Penguins' Panthers game, 730 night? No. You're kidding, you're in my hair. Sports work? In the night of picking, the wheels you drive on that, or to eat, are serving an arena for the happy heat. Having to look even, somehow don't seem dry, better as you're probably poor financial advice. And between myself, there's no less to fall, better all all dry. Nice work, what play down, and enjoy the church would show up in the night. Before we lose our ass, think that Panthers get out of the house. Like that's not true. I'm not sure, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. How come he doesn't mind me? He looks so excited by the way, he doesn't expect that with what I know, he's a kid. He can be all the time, without trouble. I'm looking back to think, devil in the food restaurant. I heard to you. I don't find it there today. I'll be playing that tomorrow, and ordering these speechman hearings. It's the goddamn devil with a blue dress on. Her name was Monica. She couldn't get picked up on Santa Monica, full of our nail ale. I'll guarantee you that right now. Here's the lady, especially the way she looks these days. Here's the lady in forlaterdale. Hello. Lady in forlaterdale, which I heard the radio in a backbler in a way, and I'm going to pop a pot. Are you there? Do you be there? Now she's just sitting there with a phone in her, uh, open line and draw her. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, and a mobile online. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Let me turn on the radio. You're not ready yet. I have a shower here. I do have a life. Then I hold on, you know, during the commercial model. I sound like you were holding on to it. Taking that to the type, don't you? Hey, let me ask you a question. Who does the, uh, uh, and the nose? Uh, no. Larry King. Oh, both of them. Right. You couldn't eat enough. You can't tell that voice. What's that? You can't tell that voice. Well, it was good. I don't want to do it that. Yeah. That I could tell, but the, no, no, quick. And that, that's hilarious. Um, uh, Phil Henry this morning. That's great radio. Yeah. With a Brad the Booger Pellmont. Well, I wasn't that the best. I forgot I forgot we had that in there. Brad the booker. I was reaching the mind. No, it was while I was listening. I didn't even know why. Let me tell you, Nels, it brings back so many good memories. Yeah. I was going to go to the end of the day. So, they had a great thing over there. They didn't know what they had in their hand. You guys would be dumb and right now. And yeah. And any more, get it. You guys were, you know, the way you had it. Mm-hmm. You guys were the best. Yeah, you're right. They couldn't get any better. Um, are you sure positive? And one thing just comes to say happy holidays and all that good stuff. Everybody. And also, if you could do, um, me one. Sure. It's all the best week. Man, it's the holidays. What that? I said it's all requested. We get the holidays. Um, you're wasting me up in the morning. Okay. Okay. Oh, Neil, let's go back to those day today. That's what we need. We need to bring in the bird for the impeachment hearings. Neil, wake me up in the morning. I'm drying. Neil, wake me up with my red face. My coffee, my gums and my fillings. I'll take your bird down. And I'll get you that, and you're the best man. And I'll get you that, and you're the best man. And I'll get you that. I'll take my bird down. And I'll get you that. I'm gonna do work in my world with a darling meal. Let's stay for our son's home with her. I'm gonna make a name for my son. I'm gonna make a name for my son. I'm gonna make a name for my son. I'm gonna make a name for my son. Okay, George is up to seven. I'm gonna get you a name for that. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, the unimobile one line. It's only one reason that George don't like hearing the board on here. It works the lotion in the basket. Here's the lady mobile in Pembroke pie and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. Never called the talk set before in my whole life. Okay, always the first time. I could be the last one. You really think I'm an idiot, but what does it mean when he's just put the lotion in the basket? I'll have to play that whole bit for her. I mean, I've heard it and I pee in my pants. I just fall. But you didn't have any in the suit. I went to the lambs. Right. I never really saw that movie though. You know, you've got to go out and read it and then you'll understand. I can't, you have to get it. I can't, I don't want to spoil it. That'll make sense when I see the movie. Absolutely. Okay, because that thing is just a funny thing. If you pee in your pants now hearing it, then it's way. Go on and get it. It is just a funny thing. And I think you are great. You just never run out of stuff this way. It's amazing. Exactly. Otherwise, when you're full of it, it flows out of easy. I'm going to go and pull it. You just nonstop. Okay. Have a great holiday, sweetheart. You too. Come on. Bye. This is Debbie. Hello, Harvey. I'm interested in getting your operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering, is it some tummy tuck? And lip augmentation cosmetic vest surgery face-to-face. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. More like a steroid. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I can't. I don't think it would be the right way. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stopped crying yet. Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm looking actually. We can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is buffer O'�. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the heart? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the molecular. Uh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the trim. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. No. Okay. 21 pass. No. That's 5. 50. WQM. Have an open line in the day one in the brown. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. Okay. Whatever he said. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? 5. 5. 5. 5. You know, I'm a Republican. Yeah. Yeah. Came here in the 1960s and I followed the Cometista Cometista. So I became a Republican. Right. But I'm jumping shit and I'm burning by uh, water's registration car. Oh, I've been seeing. Good. So I'm jumping shit. This is uh, disgusting with these Republicans are doing this. It's a present. Yeah. We've lost the two party system. We now have the Democratic Party, which is pretty on much on a week's side, but never less. And we got to be Republicans, which have been taken over by the right wing element by the They have fags. And there's nothing else left there. They disappeared. Right. The Republican has become overnight in oxymoron and they don't exist anymore. You got that right. Uh, Neil happy holidays and thank you for taking my call. And back to you. And thank you for making your call. We have an open line at Grower at 5. 6. 7. 5. 60. On the mobile one line. One thing I'll tell you, if you're a lot better when you tear up that Republican thing, I don't know because they never was a Republican and thank God for that. But when you may all of a sudden become a Democrat, It puts the notion in the best. You'll see, believe me. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, happy holidays. It's a birthday. Happy. I'm happy. It all on the if they go through with this impeachment garbage. Yes. I would like to see the uh, the government facilities. Every bastard who feeds gets caught drunk driving all these congressmen sentences. Everything else. Yeah. Every one of them. The first time they screw up will be the last time they screw up. Uh-huh. And what's the problem out? You get these guys to want to North Florida. That means they're very close. Got to stop screwing around with all these guys. Now, what? Well, about the day North Florida. He passed the law. They was uh, instrumental in passing the law about not the John Law. He came pick up a hooker and he gets caught because he, and he doesn't have enough money for. Yeah. He gets run off. I mean, this is Lancen. Well, he wanted to get off. And I guess he did. I mean, yesterday the, the, the best line from odd boat long. Yeah. It's a game. It's just a political game. And people can get over it. Yeah. It's uh, and it's a vehicle. Yeah. He's, there's over 60% of the people saying don't do it. Well, if these are represented, are they supposed to listen? Well, they're listening to a more important power. Yeah. I was just a gentleman. He's only been one president in, in a sense, rose vote. We got over 60% of the vote. Yeah. You know, or even, uh, it's just sticking to it. Okay. Take two and call me in the morning. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in Dave County. Five, six, seven, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the mobile one line. They're pissed off and fired up, baby. Make no mistake about that. They're pissed off. Pist off. Get me fired up when I hear someone say that. All right. We're happy to hear that. I mean, you get fired off, fired off and fired up about something more than just some kind of a stupid ball game, can't you? No. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Mr. Fins, I'm glad they sure. Mr. Fins, I'm glad they sure. Mr. Fins, I'm glad they sure. That's good to hear. Sure. I want to wish you happy holidays season. And so that's your stuff happening here. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Can I go get that, uh, crank call? Who did one? The crank call is the lotion in the back. I have no idea. That's from one of our comedy services. Oh, my god. That's the best, man. Some great-dimented tool that we love. Uh-huh. Um, is that, uh, you and then going to make it up to the West Palm area by James? Use is it one? Is it going to make it up to the West Palm area? The West Palm area. I was thinking we go to Boca. We're not going to make it all the way to West Palm. But, uh, we got to get the answer then. You got a lot of listeners up there. I was thinking one day next week, Boca would be good. Okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's like, it's okay for us. Like I said, maybe Boint and Beach, I was in. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. How about, uh, uh, okay, children military? Okay. How about having a nice holiday? Okay. Get out of here. We have an open line in Grower to a day, five, six, seven, five, fifty. Open lines on the board. We're not talking about ball games here today. We're talking about the future of the goddamn human race. Future of the goddamn race. I'm giving phone numbers out here today. That's the kind audience we got here in his town. Okay. That's the kind of people we got in his community here. I'm giving out phone numbers. National public radio is a taping today. How do you like that? Which I think they must really be desperate. Okay. They're taping these calls. Like I said before, they should be taping what I'm saying and putting it on there. All those suit-wing intellectuals out there who are listening all 20 of them. And here from somebody that really knows which side it's put it on. Let me say it again. The bottom line to all of this. The media are they. These people have become the conduit for a bunch of right-wing lunatics. And they're giving them their legitimizing them because this is what they've been hoping for all along. That's right. If we can't do it one way, we'll package it. In another way, we don't care what we have to do. How are we going to do it? We're going to get his ass out of there for ever reason that might be just because we hate them like poison or whatever the reason might be. We're going to get his ass out. We're going to show him a finger two or three. And the media are saying, Okay. Sure. Whatever you say. I believe you. We believe all you grave robbers that you're really, you're really gnashing your teeth over this. That's why when 70, 80% of your constituents call in and say, No to impeachment. And just a little sense of your thing and get this over with. That's why you say, well, I'm going to vote yesterday impeachment. Does it make any sense? No. 26 and 560 WQM. The Panthers and Phingling's Tangled Financial Car Reddletzettar tonight. Join Chris Moore, Randy Muller and Deep Goldstein for the action. Panthers reviews start hit seven on sports radio, I got something to touch you. I got something to touch you. You better get it for you after this bit. That you're just going to, you're not going to know what this scream or your banana. Neil Rodgers. Ah. Joel, are you really that stupid Joel? Think in time. Are you really? Thank you. You're fine. Yeah. Man. Please see. Turn 28. He scored the sweetest bag. I'll go on the next day. All right. Too many seeds in your dime bank. Are you sure? Getting to the party to minutes to length. Isn't it the chronic? Don't you think? It's not crazy. When you've left home, break the free bag. When you're already there, you'll be. That you just did a day. Who won the top? You get it. Hot brownie. That you already ate. I know it's done. It's done. I love it. You're in a great place. It's like 10,000 joints. When all you need is a light. It's like having a feel of your feelings. And then finding out the thoughts and delight. And we're going to be the chronic. Don't you think? A little too much chronic. Yeah, I really do think. It's not crazy. When you've left home, break the free bag. When you're already there. Who would be? That you just did a day. Who won the top? You get it. Hopefully it's free at 5.6. You got to do a few minutes. You're in a lot of station for the 90s. We fit in like a rubber glove right inside your back. So anyway, well, we got 293 bucks over there at the appeal. It's a lot of plans. A very weak. So Chris is thinking of moving a few minutes. And then I've been moving. Where is he thinking of moving? Is he doing it? Is he? Oh, he's done right now. He ought to be there. He's done right. He's gone back to that shell station on the Coding University in Broward. So we don't waste the whole four hours today. Which I could have told him. He already exhausted that pizza law thing. Okay. I mean Jeff is too busy. He's not too good food. He pizza law. We already has squeezed all our money out of those red next in Davy. So he's gone back to the Coding University in Broward. He'll be there more than thoroughly at the shell station there. Where we raised over a grand last. We got to think about 1200 bucks. So maybe there's a few bucks left in that neighborhood. Okay. In fact, if you're coming out of that veterinarian next door, if they left any money your pocket, give it to a Chris. No, my old veterinarian is right. The plantation animal hospital is right next to that shell station. I used to go there. But okay, we have to. So anyway, here's the story. You better strap yourselves in. If you're driving pull off the side of the road. Maybe you long time list is over Colah guy named Joel. Which I used to call him Frank Einstein. Back from the old days when we were on in Tampa. Well, I guess it was before that because he was over here and then he moved over there. Where wherever he is. He's an asshole. Well, I mean, you know, he was a chronic. He was okay. I thought in his own business. He's a big guy with like a knot in his forehead. He looks like one of the monsters or a Frankenstein on a bad day. So anyway, Joel calls up George about 10 minutes ago. After I said, you know, the guy calls an ass me where that bit comes from. Where the guy is saying. It works the lotion in the basket. You know, Buffalo Bill from Silence of the Lens. And it's a comedy bit. I mean, anybody with a brain you hear the funny form ring and Joel says, Oh, don't you know where that guy's nowhere that came from? It came from Silence of the Lens. And he was serious. That's the best part. He was. That thing was serious. Oh, it puts the lotion in the basket. But anyway, hey, we have two open lines a day five, six, seven, five, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Joel, I was going to say you could use a lobotomy, but it looks I think it's too late. He beat us to it. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. Back to you. Listen, I got your takes. Yes. Actually, I got the two takes for a current. I got the Neil Rogers 96. Great. And the nuggets. You know, I called center one and they were really nice because I was busy. I didn't call back. They called back the next thing. Listen, I'm pissed off and fired up. Good. This congressman I've got over here. I called her office last week. I don't know. You probably don't know. Porter Goss. Porter. You know. He's married, I think, the melon family. That's sound familiar. Uh-huh. Ellen Skate. Uh, our man is, uh, he's office about his behavior when he was on the ethics committee. When Newt Gingrich was being investigated. Yeah. You recall what he did? No. Send a letter of recommendation around to his fellow Republicans. When they were thinking about dumping news, the quality of his problems. In the middle of the investigation before came out that he had, you know, used, diverted those, uh, tax exempt funds into campaigns. Mm-hmm. So that's the kind of guy we got over here. That's another segment of your secret. Exactly. Right. Exactly. Um, by the way, your picture was on his. I didn't want you to look like, but you don't look that bad. Don't get any ideas here. No. No. What's on get that little thing moved over my eyebrow. I'm going to be beautiful. Oh. I was just like bread pit. Listen, I've heard you say it used a term that I use. I've never heard anybody else use. Yes, sir. That is a door nail. Uh-huh. I think I must have got that from my father, who's from Jersey tonight. He's a northern term. Then I don't know. Maybe it's a, I've heard that all my life. Is that something new down here? Dead is a door nail. And I'll set the old. Ancient. I haven't heard it. And all of the time you can Abraham once said. Never asked about it. What do you think it meant like a wooden nails for the, uh, a door nail? Okay. Well, listen. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. It's from the silence of the lambs. Don't you know, don't you know that? It works the lotion in the basket. Oh, Joel, Joel, poor baby, poor baby. But too much time over there on our west coast. Too much time at that Tampa Saint Peter area. I'm telling you, man. You could go over there and you could be a genius. Six months you'll come out of the go on. Little, little, little like that. Not that he was a genius, but little way he's doing that. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, I can tell you about that as a door nail. I'm a carpenter, but you don't want to hear that. Let's talk about the impeachment. Speechman, okay. Uh, the, uh, the old thing here, if the Republicans are dead set on submitting suicide with this thing, why don't we let him do it? Why don't we give him this reckless hillbilly horn dog? Well, I'm giving an example right now. There's still a lot of awareness showed out with the racking on here right now. And we need to address that situation and do something about it before Sunday because that's the beginning of that big Muslim holiday that Ramadan thing, Ramadan and Ding Dong. And, uh, and, uh, you got a government with their hand side now because no matter what this government does, what this president does, they're going to accuse them of trying to divert, uh, attention away from the impeachment thing. And so we're like in limbo, they're going to have us doing the limbo rock for months now. Exactly. That's what he got himself into, but let's give him to him. Who needs them? I mean, how bad to go or be? So, another jury, you're willing to let the right wing just topple the government. This body. When, when your enemies destroying themselves, don't stand in his way. Right? Okay. Have a great life. Okay. There you go. He's whistle along with a happy song on his push. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date. Very weak on his phone over here this time. You better find a station where the audience has got something to say. Okay. You people at National Public Radio are audience. They got nothing to say about any of this or anything else. 560, 50560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. 21 before 1 at QAN. I mean, at least we take it seriously on this show. It puts the margin in the basket. You know. This is only the logic of show. This is your blame. Any question? Will crisis be prepared here? There, Golden Manl Simon MATHA. There, G there, Highschool Girron The race seems so quiet On his chest did I see Again! The healing wine right, then your face turned all white. And you, you said, who? Who will it? Good bye to you. Who will the dead? Forever dead. I said, you're still red. But in the third heaven, Every night I met home, And I'm watching TV, Go home, go home, go home, I have to sit. All this dumb moon keeps and listen to the fire. Who else is there? Whenever dead, There's a heart and truth. It's now whenever dead. But as I watch his place, And I look at all those chicks. I wish I knew if they blew through the world. Oh, let's go to school. I wish you could go by, but that's with the problem. Somebody sixed five six to the other two. I have to do whatever they can. And we have two open lines in date. Tell me they're dropping bombs on home. We have two open lines in date. They're writing in overtime. We have two open lines in date. Savior's swarish has got dead people floating in Miami. Two open lines in date. No, speak at English in date. Five six, seven, five, six, six. Seriously, they counted it all down in Iliana Ross, Layton's office, they're doing high five and low five. Play and grab ass with each other. Here's Miramar. Hello. Okay, sir. I think you're taking your audience's intelligence. I think you're taking your audience's intelligence. I think you're trying to lump together and say, well, if there's any kind of military involvement in Iraq, everybody's going to say it's to take away from the impeachment. Of course they're going to see it. But that's not the case, Neil. Of course they were training to do it two months ago. They were talking about it was a diversionary tactic. And the timing of it was suspect, etc. And so that's certain long before there was going to be any impeachment of the home. The reality of the reality of the whole thing. What is the reality of the whole thing? The reality of the whole thing is that something's got to be done with Iraq. They've stepped away from what the United Nations granted. Of course something has to be okay. But you know, as well as either if they started bombing them into the Stone Age, which I'm all in favor, but they should have done a long time ago, and Bush did a finished democracy years. Absolutely. But if they start doing that tonight, you know, these right wing lunatics are going to say, see, we told you, this is all being done. He's made it up. And you know, what is that? Neil, if that's the case, they're those same people are going to have to get in front of their vote. And they're going to have the next election explain why if this isn't a mandate and if these people who are voting for impeachment, then everybody on media likes to say this is not what they want. These people. What do you mean everybody in the media likes to say that? Why what does that mean? Well, what what are your values of the numbers about public if this is not what the quote unquote people want. And these elected officials have to confront them in front of the next election. Right. And that's two years away. So what is two years in the aspect of history? And whether or not that this president who put his hand on the Bible and lie to the people who voted for him, lie to them. Yeah. He doesn't deserve any time. I mean, if you did a you would go to jail. He lied to them about what about having a good looking and getting blow jobs from an intern. He doesn't matter if you put your hand on the Bible. Oh, okay. Listen, take your Bible and go sit on it. Okay. He put his hand on the Bible. This guy and then where was that call? Was the word was that call from hunger from outer space, from Uranus from your rectum? Where was that call from? I don't mean what city. I mean, like what planet was that from? What was he smoking? He put his hand on the Bible. This guy's all over the place. Does anybody decipher what he's talking about? He just said, no, and that's why I can't deal with one more word of it. Okay. I think I'm having a conversation. I'm listening to what he's saying. I think I understand. Then all of a sudden, he's like, all over the place. Put his hand on the Bible. I'll put your hand in your rectum. Okay. And pray you don't have him, right? Me and the act. Sounded sounded like a little bit too. Oh, I do wish to me. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, but I must have been your friend David Zaboy friend. You're a accountant. No, you can hear him squeezing his tithes. There are 433 over there, by the way, at the new location. So they're doing better over there, University and Brown. Yeah. Well, they're afraid if they go in that piece of upline, they're just going to come out and twist their oven, try to sell them. Some food they don't want. 433 bucks. We got the QA and plan on the corn and university and Brown again at that cell station right next to Plantation Animal Hospital right across the street. I mean, that's great, but we're winding up. That's all right. If it was going to be really tense to get that 100 grand, which it looks like it's not. But who was going to be nippin' tuck? I'd be like psychotic saying, why are you wasting another whole day in the same place? They must have got some good crap over there the other day. That must be it. Maybe there's some good chicks that came by over there and Chris wants to revisit the scene of the Islam Akron. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. What are you calling? Eight day blow job. Okay, we have an open line in two open line. I know, okay, old line. Okay, happy harmonico. Okay, whatever it is. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Lady in Miami? Okay, she's gone. She'd be gone. I think I did that. I think I just chopped you off sweet. I put my finger in a wrong spot. Give it an out the try. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 out of mobile one line. Maybe that's her again. WQAM. Talk to Neil? Oh, it's not her. Yes, go ahead. Oh, Neil. Pick you up cool, because I thought it was at the night. Oh, I got some believeable. Yeah, well, I have got all these other people waiting and they're not too happy about you so say something good. Hey, how many white girls you know named Clarine? Okay, we have an open line in date. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. That's tomorrow we're doing the names again, okay? And by the way, you know, speaking of strange names, I was watching channel 7 briefly. I mean, very briefly during the channel surfing this morning. What kind of a name for a newscaster person is Spilke's Narei? Huh? What kind of a name is that? I get Spilke's just watching that thing for a few seconds. It is a, oh, enough to go to Spilke's Narei now at the, at the hysteria center. Okay. Okay. Here's North Miami. Hello. How you doing, sir? All right. Listen, but we're just reading that article yesterday. The hero did you get to catch it where it says that allow the teams and any child and losing money? Yes, I talked about yesterday. I had no response, of course. Oh, well, maybe I'm a little later. I think all the teams were losing money. It said there were a lot of them. They're losing money. Wow. What do you think the league is going to end up in a few years? In the toilet. Oh, that's terrible. Listen, you know, I just got a quick request if you can place a, I just got a request for me and I like to call somebody a douchebag. Yeah. Mike from the ultimate textiles, you're still a douchebag. Dix, dex. Yeah. What the dex? Dex, dex, okay. Dex, okay. We have an open line in date. Five, six, seven, five, six. You go to show you where their mind is at and they county, okay? Dex, dex. That's what they're thinking about in the county. Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello. I deal. Yes, sir. Happy oligase. And back to you. Hey, I'm just calling and say you have a great show and my wife was going to talk a little while ago, but she refused to because she's scared. She's right here. She scared of what? I don't know. She's going to go on channel. Huh? Oh, yes. No, she just noticed. Talk to you. She wanted to ask you something. Yeah. I guess. Well, put her on there. Put her on there. Okay. We got to get this thing. The show on the road here. Okay. Hold that. Put her fat ass on there and let's get with it. Pass is right. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Great. How are you? Good. I like your soul. I just feel like you're making fun of a lot of people. So I don't want to make fun of me now. I would make fun of you in that accident. I wouldn't make fun of that. Well, maybe you can answer me a question that I've been in the town. My husband's on an aunt and what's the answer? You've been on top of your husband? Yes. Yes. The answer is a woman who gets on top of her husband and goes, stop. I thought like that. And have a great holiday so we don't get out of here. We have an open line and a broward in two and a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond, five, sixty. I get the feeling, by the way. I could be wrong. But I get the feeling that this audience isn't taking these matters very seriously here today. It works the lotion in the basket. You know what? I could be wrong about that. But I get the feeling that works the lotion in the basket. But these people just haven't discovered a magnitude of what we be talking about here today. Okay? Spilky's in the way my ass. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond, five, sixty on the mobile one line. And that Marilyn Mitchell with a cat eyes. And you wonder why Sidder talking about America's crazier than a bed bug? Turn on a newscast. That's someone she's got like cat eyes on her. And she's not going to try it. If I beat, it'll look like she's got a guy named like Sally, let's a vibrator. And she's got to stuck two feet up inside her rectum. Jesus, God. I'm getting all wound up just thinking about that channel. Your hysteria channel. And CNN, a far behind boy, showed on with her rack. They got this ruin guy on her. He's been on there for like an hour already. Everything that happens, a rainstorm and buffalo. No matter what it is, they got a big headline on her and CNN, like psychotic. Making it into a big major blown up event. Like Baghdad ought to be very soon. A major big blown up. Like that thing we were on that I got back last week. Remember that? Baghdad, what Baghdad? There you go. As they say at the Abol Games, baby, it's in the Baghdad. Here's a mobile in the event here. Hello. How are you doing? Great. She said, great colors. Let me tell you the next. Yeah, these people are going to be on national public radio. Oh, another. Unbelievable. Two things. First I got you with a butterfly net over here. Are you aware of the info commercial for the bill Clinton watch every 10 seconds as those girls? No. You see this? No, I have not. It's hilarious, the number one. But that is true though. On August 17 when he came on national television, I mentioned it the next day. He was doing that Pinocchio thing. He was going to get him longer and longer. That's true. The longer and longer. Yeah. They sell for like 29.99. Yeah. You know, you know, where that's probably going to go on to him. So second thing, we're, we're debating of making a move between plantation pumps and also up at acres. And we were curious what you're, what you're, what is it? I don't even know what plantation pumps is. Well, it's a lot of not-the-hole road. It's often not-the-hole and like, clear-y. Not pale and clear-y. Yeah. Oh, you got a big public in a big win-dixie there. That's something. There's nothing else there. But you got to have, they have like a naked eye. A naked eye. A naked eye. A naked eye. A naked eye. A naked eye. A naked eye. That's a good place to be because you're right close by 5.95. That's good. Right. You're going to come out there to watch the acres. It'd be too close to me. Oh, really? Plus we've got a denies. You don't want to be out there. You're on the acres? Yeah, I'm out in the acres for a long time. Do you like it out there? I love it. So like I said, you like that other place a lot. There we go. Okay. One more last thing. Yeah. What do you think about the, you know, you know, how the NHL does their officiating with their two line crew up and up, up, up, up, up, up front. The referee is, yeah. The referee's, what do you think about the NFL doing the same thing almost? And then if they have to, they would have to go to replay. I think what the NFL ought to do is just eliminate the referee's. Okay. I thought all the officials just get them off the, no seriously because if they voted no for the playoffs, it goes to show you. They don't take it seriously enough. Well, we'll wait until next year. We'll get a straightened out. We don't want to do it now. Okay. Fine. So what they're basically saying to you is that the playoffs is super cool. It's not important enough to get it right. Let's just get it over with. That's what they're saying. I'm going to be a little bit more important than I agree with it. Three and a half to one at five 60 WQM. Booster for Hank at two. Kimber from six to seven o'clock in the Panthers. The pregame at seven o'clock at seven thirty turned on the sound on your radio. It's the Panthers and Penguins on Sports Channel. You're a Neil Roger show. Now on five 60 WQAF. Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. I want to give you a kiss. She wasn't in the turn for the present. Then they on she wasn't sure what it meant. But we would show her. Oh, she's such a show her. Keep the corona tour of the oval place. And when they were through the other bias, they said no. Now they have to say no. Now they have to say no. We've got a c*** anyway to round. She fell to her knees. That you swallowed them down. They said no. Now they have to say no. Okay. What's that lovely forest bubble first? And a little intern had a channel of best. He was a slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-hav though. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. Let's slurp the slow-wav. Let's not slurp the slow-wav. I'm going to be a perfect song that we've found that has to be the new National Anthem for the next five or six months, but I did find Hey, it's almost there's appropriate Huh, and it's by the capital soon all I think kind of fits in, right? Well, it's the only goddamn thing I could find Oh Gorgeous Okay, three minutes after one at five sixty wqm all musical day all the hits, baby for the holiday Here's a call in the grove, hello Yes, they are I tell you these people in Washington I don't know what what what what are they having to bring you know they look so much like the all they've got For brain that I problem you know they have to have the same mentality as the all folks that here in domino park You know in fast domino park. I mean what's up? Well, you know haven't ever got blown a blow somebody what's wrong with that guy? I'm involved if you ask me yeah I've heard of this guy's full state Tomas uh, yeah, I've been here. Somebody called about him the other days matter. If I what do you happen now? Did you go Apple him? No And you said they took him off the air because you love the air and he'll because the guy said yes What's wrong with having rights for the okay done here in date counting right anyway, so yeah He has a radio station well, I've been impressed by those 80 banana boat people are children up at a ride Well, the better and very simply stupid assholes Anyway, so he has a TV show just like the one you had in a What whammy or a bad one you reject them out of both places How do you know this opinion? Isn't that some Unfric and believable? Yeah, well, please if you can have some white man can you play two bits for me, please? Okay? Um, if you see K and Now are you is that a bittery dispelling it? Yeah, okay? Well, well morning. Oh, wait, no, what's the other we guys that wanted to hear did I play that thing that that I did okay? Go ahead and what's the one we lost liberty or no Freedom that freedom that okay, even or dad perfect excellent. Thanks, well, okay Uh, better play the bottom so the No One with our right Oh You see You Now the Succike Succike Oh Succike Take your hand Tell me Say That after the transmission I'll be out in 90 days old Is you see Hey To honor That house You With You Want to go But got a Seem To honor To Go To Work for Ours in the basket Yeah Six minutes after After one All music all day It's the A large and the jerk Baby They're jerk in it and wash in And it's worth Yeah They're doing it I got to get a copy of Mitch Ryder Double with a blue dress on Absolutely positive They got to be for We got to have that for tomorrow Baby If I got to go on by myself And the song too Okay Here's a tabony Hello Good afternoon Yes sir When is to you When is to you Listen There's absolute food There's there There hit the critical last night When we're talking to that Chase They asked him Chris Chase Yeah Can I do put on a charade for everybody Let's say he made a statement that Well, you know I was against it But a feat he talks to me I might be swayed It would be apologizing And he got asked If you don't have a house If you don't have a ground from piece When house him coming out and admitting it Yeah Going to change Right He don't have a legitimate ground from Yeah It's interesting These are the people before that We're saying he was playing some masterful games Like the pens on what is Is and what He was But now it's like If he says that he'd misled the people Or he was not thinking He was got to use the word Purgery Okay And then if he says Purgery Then they'll say he's got to use some other word I mean what the hell difference is it Make we all know what happened We're all like adults You think kids are a dad He's not getting away If he did some wrong He'll do it after the president Right And then I saw this guy Outside the police officer He's trying to put a laundry bill Anyway to clean that damn dress He's trying to see If you ever seen this guy Gary Bauer Oh, is he a frightening Trogler I don't know what Woo He's from another department I would a swastika baby Is this guy read the guy that put him up to this? A Ralph read is like he's the small potatoes now Oh, I mean this is scary Gary Look at this guy I looked at many eyes There's marble there He even pop up our nervous about him It's Gary Okay, Paul I'll have a happy holiday He'll be with the old Pasta Porto Okay We have an open line at Broward 560 560 560 on the 182 wireless line Oh I like this song A lot The Joe Jeffrey grew How are they doing? Anybody heard from them? No, they'll be back Won't they be back? No Come on already Jesus only a four hour show I've worked up the spoon And they're there Right I'm just one I'm not I've worked up the spoon I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one I'm just one All's the time The beginning So the second Is the devil Which is the two Do you know what Ashe is that devilmişed right, just two He was one There was St. It's not in the mind I'm just one Itís a dissent Because he Dave roz Why This is what we should do Now Don't we have to Yes Still Have a sweet cercallah oh, right! my side and a past and when it's off Please. Free the fan. Free the fan. Free the fan. Free the fan. Oh, God, you're right. Free the fan. Free the fan. Free the fan. Free the fan. All right. That's what they're out of sync. Now to get the whole Congress and Air, get the president, they bought a putt of up on that little podium and bring them their in shackles and chains and having like you know, crying and wailing like Jimmy Swagger. and the whole law is counter-fingist. I'm just thinking. Jeeam. Jeeam. I'm Jeeam. I'm Jeeam. I'm a jeeam. My necker rockers doing it. That's the... Good idea already. Spinning Beatles routine. I like that. That was another medley of their smash. Another one hit group. 1960... what? Four? Eh? Three, four something like that. Okay, where we go? And here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Uh, what do you see these first, though? Thank you. And it was an excellent... Idiot. Thank you. I love those charities. You're excellent. Well, you're welcome. Um, you know, what's going on with these Republicans? What I'm trying to want to figure out is logically what are they trying to accomplish with all this? When it's out, they want them out. They want them out. If it's the last thing they do. And now, I think this last election said a teaching them a lesson. What it did was make them even angry or more furious. And now they're determined as long as they got this last month that they could do their dirty damage. Now they're going to do their damage to get them out. What are they going to do? Or at least he rag him to another major ordeal. So what are they trying to... What are they counting on? Now we have a short memory that we won't remember any of that. That's exactly right. Well, this is sad. This is a situation that's near thinking. Near to these mayor. Made a great comment on our parole, though the other day on our parole over a marriage. He said, yes. That's a constant would have been stopped. When 55 and a 50 mile an hour, you know, a B trap. Right. He would have said, no, I was only doing 49. Yeah, that's the eye saw that. Would we have tried quantitium? The Republicans would have been better. He was lying. That's right. Lying under oath. This is a whole practice of this wonderful moral. You know, I love the... I love the group of people who's doing all this too. You know, huh? This is such a wonderful... Tom Moro. That's right. That's right. Never stole a freight train. The only scooter around a lot. Okay, let's do a good luck. You can get a new phone. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 5605060. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Oh, boy. Thank God we got that hockey game tonight. Are we whipped up into a frenzy about that? No, I'm sure. Well, we got Mike Lang is here with us. Pittsburgh Penguins, how you doing Mike? Saw that game last night. Pretty coma inducing. They just lucky they blew it too. Nothing lead against the Tampa ball teams. Against the whole redness against the girls team. Snooze inducing. Snooze inducing. Marty Strocka looked great last night. And, uh, electing Morozov. He looked pretty good. Other than that. And Robert Lang, he got a nice cooler. And then they blew it and they had a good overtime. And Kevin Hatcha got a greasy goular. And they pulled it out against Tampa 3-2. The Penguins. Who had 11,000 some out there in the Civic Arena last night. Even though they got that $20 million loan from the foreign bank. And they can just to speak out their payroll. You mark my word. Tom Tonya. I'm the one that told you about the right wing of bloodless cool takeover. You laughed at me. You thought I was exaggerating. I was whipping up in the frenzy. I told you that years ago. And here we are on the eve of it. We're on the press of peace of it right now. And also told you about sports about five years ago about how they were shooting themselves in the feet. And they were going to destroy everything that they built up with these crazy salaries. And with their goddamn greed. And shown up. Here we are. Playing games up there with Carolina. With a pretty good team by the way. They want to get last night with a shot out three-nothel over Edmund. It's pretty good team. Those hurricanes playing in front of like 1500-600-900 people a game. Nice going. Jerry Bentman. You jackass. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing great. Want to get your opinion on something less serious in the Clinton scandal. Try just as comical. Yeah. So whole thing with you and more and in crying. Have a mismanaged their money. Have a other age into this. Have a overstanding. Yeah. I can't stand the high hope that the NBA never comes back. And I'm about basketball. I'm going to tell you after we finish our stunt-a-one campaign. I'm going to take up a fundraiser for Alonzo. The hell? I like saying it. The hell was though. Yeah. And I don't know only that. But now he's going to start with this racist bull crap again. Oh, well it's wrecked. 90% of the guy in there players in the league are black. They're all overpaid millionaire. But it's a racial thing because the owners are saying enough crap already. Don't they always use the race card when they need to. Air-free single time. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a Johnny Cochring gets back into this. Oh, I can't stand that asshole. Yeah. I can't hear Larry King and Lope. With Ross P. Row is the best man. But I just thought it would be a morning bitch. He should be lucky. He's not a regular guy working for $30,000. He should kiss the ground that he's not the one saying. Fries with that. You know, McDonald's, when you go through the drive through, that's what he should be doing. And what about you? What about you? Yeah, what about him? I think he's going to be spending the whole summer at the New York Cup. Museum of Natural History. Did you hear what Kobe Bryant couldn't do? They're missing a link. He couldn't eat Lope. Because he asked the watchers to his money expenditures now. Exactly. He's only making 18 million a year of this big shawl. And he's got to watch his budget. I can't stand it. I hope the whole season's there. I hope they never put that. Let's go on and stand on the street corners with a cup, okay? Let me taste something, Neil. Yeah. You know, what though? The same thing is going to happen with baseball. The same thing. What if he's going to happen? It's already a big kill to it. When they did the Kevin Brown deal in the other day, that was the end of baseball. That was that was the end. I think the end happened in the basics when they gave, I mean, I just wanted to know that would never be on that one deal for eight million a year. Yeah. But the white socks. Right. That's when it all started. I'll be bailed at that. That's disgusting man. Not just a practice derby right. They're going to get back at eight million. What's Kevin Brown works? He's actually good citizen. Any buses out playing. Yeah. If anyone deserves the money's ground, but no one deserves 15 million. And Hank, the behind me at a good point, Kevin Brown made $3 million two years ago in this town. He's won 20 games once in his career. He won zero games in the world series last year against the Yankees. He's worth $15 million a year for a guy that plays every four or five days. Oh, I disagree. But if anyone's going to get it, if you even know come around to my room. Sir, let me tell you they're all going to get it. Okay. You know where they're going to get it right in the old. Back home, trust me. And that's going to be a themicking dance. We can have a party and have a sport deal. It huh? What's going to happen with sport? We'll find something else to do. Like, or do you something like that? Something more entertaining. And like I started to say about that game last night, Pittsburgh, in the Tampa Bay. I mean, snooze inducing a lot of those people stayed home. I mean, comatose, coma inducing. Very, very weak. Overpaid jocks, very, very bad entertainment most of the time. And we're supposed to pay big bucks and pretend that we're really in food. That's why they keep got to keep playing God then. Gary Glitter over and over again. Because if we just dependent on what we're actually seeing out there for the price they were paying. And the over price food, most of it could put you into a long, different vehicle. Okay. Okay. Here we go. And give it a rest already. Kill it. Shoot it. Thank you. God. We have an open line at Droward, five, six, seven. How are we doing on that thing? About 93. Well, here you go. The slow but sure. We're not going to do like two grand today. But we'll do close to 1000 bucks on that. Which by the way, that amount puts us. What did I do with that thing? Yeah, that puts us well over 98 grand. And we're talking about actual monies in hand. This doesn't count like yesterday today in Monday at borders. And whatever else coming down the internet and you'll runges.com and direct mail orders from center 15. What is it? 5, 6, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 3, 3, 3, 6, 100. So put that all together. We're going to go away over 100 grand. Thank you. Honestly, for really getting off your ass and doing it here with the best of the old stuff. No fill Henry stuff, no recon sud stuff, no best of a guilty stuff. And somehow all by ourselves here, George, we managed to put this stuff together to get this thing on the road. And to force them all, momentum here, and we'll raise over 100 grand. So where's the, where's the, where's who at? Chris? I don't know. Corner University and Broward Boulevard there in the Shell Station. They look, don't start pushing, okay? Enough is enough. Chris, what? I'll just need to hear about Tracy doing more than one job here. Oh, I'm sorry. Where we going? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this? Are we better? Hey, up your ass. Okay. We have an open line of date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Thanks for waiting in Miami, by the way. I guess it was time for the domino game, huh? Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah. Hi. This is Scott. Yes, Scott. I'm not sure what should I, I agree with you completely on your sports ideas. That baseball is already dead. Yeah. And basketball, they're, they're in deep trouble. They're in deep trouble. I do that. Yes, but. But as far as Monica being a devil in a blue dress, I'm no Lewinsky fan, but I mean, how can you say that? And not blame Clinton at least a little bit. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. He was there too. And you wonder why this guy is horny all the time? Well, then feel a little more discrete about it. Man, don't be doing it in the oval office. No, we thought it was the oral one. He's so ill. He's from Arkansas. He don't know how to spell it. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Get a hotel room. He don't have time. He's busy. He's the president. He's got the secret service. Following Moran. He's got Betty. I'll take on Pepa. But like that. He don't have time. He wants a cookie. Anybody out there ever get a cookie? Here you go. And like I said before, nobody wants the first up to this. He wouldn't have been for that guy to stay on the dress. The DNA evidence. There would have been none of this. That's the only thing they had. They could talk all they want. They could have 20 million pages of reports and bullcrap. If they didn't have the dress, the egg they would be no mess. That's right. Two open lines of dead county, which really pains me tremendously. To see the fact that you people in dead don't give a crap that your government's on the verge of being toppled here. Because Ilyata Ross, late in his gut, you buy the short hairs. You're all brainwashed. You think that you think that she's not screwing around huh? I'll guarantee that there might be somebody out there that might touch you. I probably don't know who they are, but there might be somebody out there that would think about didlin' her. 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Ilyata Ross, late in the end. And E. Clay Shaw. Don't lie to us anymore, okay. You don't want to hear from peer constituents. Your own lock stock in barrel by a bunch of right wing lunatics. So quit lying to us. Why don't you just tell us that we took over that we just went back. With that, what fact they got a buy airtime, nine o'clock tonight, all the networks. It's been a bloodless coup, guess what? It's all over no longer the land of the free and the home of the grave. It's they whatever, doch by noboralus. And cut the bullcrap, cut the acting. 1,26,560, WDQ and... Fuck it in and hold it. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. get a couple of more over there today. I got a feeling tomorrow that no matter where we go for sure we're going to go for 100,000 right on the end of the show tomorrow. There you go. Show those goddamn right wingers and that asshole buddy nevons a thing or two that we can raise some serious money right here on the show for worthwhile cause. And we don't need to have no statues or monuments of anybody kiss our ass and exchange for it like Wayne Hypinga. He's an asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Speak to me. Are you speaking? Oh that's it. That was just thing Wayne Hypinga. Well that was Wayne Hypinga. Here's a lady in the Hollywood. Hello. Hi. Yes man. Hi. How are you? Great. I'm so great. Let's speak in our for this event. You know. Thank God for me. That's right. I'm the voice of reason and sanity in a otherwise. I'm so upset when I watch the television. Can you believe it? Can you believe this crap? I couldn't believe it. And even if when Henry Hy was doing a flare conduction about a hearing, you know, he won't even let people answer you know, when they ask you ask all those people what they said, the question and he won't even allow them to answer that. I'm going to retubulate it. Yeah. And who can we hire to judge saying you know, he's a big fan of hypocritors doing every other. He's a hypocrite that lied to the woman city wasn't married. So he messed up his own guy. They married screwed up this other poor guy's marriage and he's a phony below him and then lied about that by saying he was just the young guy showing his O. T. was 41 years old with Jane no young teenager. He was a 41 year old full adult who knew them. Well, what he was doing. He's a goddamn liar. The hypocrite and the phony and he's sitting up there passing judgment and also lying and passing himself off his great diplomat like yeah, right. There's no partisan politics involved. How are you kidding you? Not the bastard. Anyway. Well, hey, listen, you got to get out of your system because it works the lotion in the basket. Tending 42 at five 60 WKW. Yeah. Oh, thank God for that. By the way, tell Joel that might be from the silence of the land. I'll never get over that. I'm not sure which has got me more distraught. Not knowing that that asshole is ending at the hockey games or that Joel called Dr. Ruffink Einstein to tell us to announce to us, uh, oh, Joel. I'm telling you, man, just a couple of weeks in Tampa will fry your brain and you're living proof.