Who A.L. M. M. D.Y. As you think it has The former Association talking about the cat problem in their neighborhood, and the cats having sex in the yard and the question that we're asking right now is whether this sex between the cats is consensual or not. A lot of people maintain there's no such thing in the cat world. If you're a mother cell and you care about your children, I think you have to take everything in consideration. Anyway, her husband has been shooting these animals and it's gotten a lot of people upset because some of these cats are pets. And these cats also feel I think, sort of, for example, for my daughter, for the behavior of a very smart like it's just something that I don't know. So I don't want her to see if this stage of her life. Holly, would I care if I am 60 40, hello? Hi. Yes. I'd like to make a comment quickly. Like everyone else is saying, cats do not have consensual sex. Cats, the female cat excretes a cent when they're in heat and the male is attracted to that. It's that animal. It's not part of animal behavior. It's not essential for them. If you're saying that animals, cats have to run as consensual sex, then there must be some equivalent rape or non-local. It's essential to them. Do you really know, Jenny? You're attacking a human behavior to an animal. So that's exactly what we were talking about. Date, date, rate, something that happens between human being. Yeah, date, rate, is not the tool. If you're saying, rape, cats can't rape each other. But rape implies it's the non-content impact. Do you know if I'm wearing it? Can I have you to listen to this up and please? I've heard it. I've heard it. I've heard it. I've heard it. Oh, wow. Doesn't matter if that is an ideal, okay? If you want to question how it sounds, it's how that is one issue. I can understand that. I can understand that. I can understand why you can concern. You know, about your child during that. Sounded at me. I want the male push to female down. But I'm trying to do something other than. Well, okay, you invited the cat for being a phytonoid child. He's a crew term. And that's the thing. You know, you're saying they're doing it missionary? Well, she didn't have that with her next idea. But cats don't have such that way. I mean, well, how do you know? Well, I can't imagine how a cat can have such a... Cry! I can't. You can't. You have to do it. You know that. You know that. You know that. But you're having me. All I know is that you like to rap. You're like to rap around him. Well, well, I'll get to see cats. And one of them went engaging in all of pleasure with the other. Well, okay. We can't have that. I mean, I don't know where the gentleman's laughing. Because... Well, man, cats have to not have a wall, fat. Yeah. Oh, wow. Man, that's what I'm talking about. Cats do not think it's on the same level as them. And why would the female be sitting on top of the male child? Lowering and raising herself. I'm adding what's happening is. I saw her riding her hips and rear end on top of the male. As he had his paws under his hips. What do you call that? I was talking about. He had his paws under his hips. Yeah, yeah. I think he's coming up. Irvine, I can't find M640, huh? Hello, yes. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm just the whole kind of scary to me. I mean, what if... Mike's here if they're doing something in the back here. That should take a picture. If you can take a pot shot of them. Well, I'm the zoolie. If you're going to laugh at me, these cats will engage in each of sex. In our backyard. Yeah. And at one point, I saw the male cat, who just figured it out on her ass. Yeah, right, okay. I heard the cat say, take it all bitch, me, arrow. I thought I heard that upstairs when I was in the third floor earlier. It's 10, I was six and five, 60, WQA, and happy Monday to you. Oh, yeah. I feel happy he's got a new CD. I mean, probably she didn't mention it because right away they're going to be calling it. Oh, you're going to have those for us. And the answer is, no chance, okay. But you can call KFI because those got as great in your mind. That's some good stuff on here, including Ruth 98 with Margaret sex with ministers. All kinds of good stuff on her. And of course, I was going to play that little bit later on, but I figured I'd better play it right now and get myself in a better mood because I had an experience this morning with. Our sales manager, Lou N. Winick. Oh, always a place to see us, we'd like to. I was just telling Joe, this is the only place I've ever worked in my life. Varne on. I mean, anywhere you work there's Von to be. All your people out there who work for a living with a bunch of other people. There's always going to be one. Maybe two, but usually only one. But if you never saw them again, it would be too soon. You just kind of like, uh, stay the hell away. You know, speak to them. You don't go out or you're way to see them. There's always one who you consider an asshole. They hate you. You hate them. Here at WQIM at Greg Reed and his buddies' joint, which is what this place is all about. Here, I could make a whole list. I could take a legal yellow pad and fill up air-view page with names of people who would have fired saw them again, it would be too soon ever. And Lewand Sweetheart, you would be right at the top of the list. There is no water, not soon. As she comes down here, we'd be from getting ready to do a radio show. And I asked her a very simple question about something we discussed last week. And right off the back too. But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, and she starts getting militant like she runs this place. She wanted a good things about WQIM. Everybody in your own still understand this because of our absence of a real management. Everybody else who works here is a manager. How do you like that? Because the men, we don't know what the man has been does. We can't find them. I was upstairs. I was in every office, every nook and cranny, and the toilets. I looked everywhere. His office is open. His briefcase is up there. He's been seen by people with eyes. But can anybody find this man? No. So in the meantime, everybody else is running the joint. Everybody's got their own little empire. We got the water, not these. She's running the joint. We got Jerry Sarner. He's running the place. We got screw in. We got the wind at the sales manager. She's running the guy damn place. And they all run it around with an attitude. And the best part of it is you put most of them together. And they still run the guy damn thing about radio. They haven't got a clue. And the best example of that was our experienced son at Borders in Kendall on Saturday, which I'll talk about in a minute. And I want to thank profusely our friend Jeff Gardner, who's the president of the design graphics who did all those of the NH, bumper stickers and buttons and he's done just on way. I'm sure off with any promotional materials on Saturday. No, no, a little problem. A little bit of a problem. The nephew had a little problem. Nine minutes after two a year. Good say some stand for nothing. Well, the stunt in here comes this miserable bitch. Comes walking in here again. And stands here. Looking at me, I asked you a question about something we discussed last week. This is our sales manager who now is the general manager. The president, the CEO, the hot shot. And she starts giving me a belligerent song at a dance. Well, I've gotten here. Time crack. But he's walking down the hall. She's walking out down the hallway, rambling, screaming and ranting and raving, walking away. I'm sitting here like, huh? You're coming down here and opening up a post to me. You stupidity got a bitch. 20 minutes before I go on the year. See, that's another thing about this place. They haven't got the foggyest idea of what it takes to go on a year and do a radio show because none of these people ever have done one. So they have no idea, especially this kind of a show. What kind of frame and mind, a frame of mind you need to see and to go on a year and do a radio show. At least hopefully there are some of the cow webs are cleared out, okay? And you're not sitting here overburden with your blood pressure after 200 over 180. And like maybe even think, you know, you know, take your way through four hours. No, they don't understand that. And I'll tell you a one thing and silly, get that new school up for upstairs. Ready? I will never see. That's only about the fourth time I've ever gone up to the fourth. You think the mechows you was exciting? It's nothing. I think what all do is happen to me, my friend down there at the metro zoo. This is a thousand times more barbaric and wild than anything you ever seen with the zoo. This thing upstairs. This is a kindergarten. This is a playground. This is in the place of business. This is a radio station. And a proof of that is we go down here. I drive an hour. I'm Saturday, okay? Don't eat my time. I'm more than delighted to do it for good cause for 101. We got our best in the LCDs and cassettes down there at borders. The volunteers are there. Carol is there. Get down there. Here's the nephew. Another part of the fraternity. Another one of Greg Reeds. Well, not just one of Greg Reeds personal friend, but a relative of the nephew. Chris Reeds. Assistant Promotion Director. And he's bringing there's the F2AM van. And he's bringing stuff in. And I'm sitting there at the table. Well, where are those goats with the old picture cars? Those goats keep changing. They have to be screaming in the island. Since there are no materials of this radio stations. Where are those? Oh, I'll see you, sir. Bad news. Somebody must elect them in the other van. We have no. You know, Rogers picked your car. You hear to do an appearance and assign cars. I mean, people are by the same reason. Because that's I do sign. No, that's nice. But there are a lot of other people who just come by to say hi. Meet that bad bag. That's on our radio. You know, you can autograph the prices right. It's free. A little bit of cubic relations with your audience out there, whatever you got left at this point. We just don't have it ahead of you, folks. Because they're in the other van. Or they're somewhere. They're up somebody's hands. Maybe they're up the winds. Back though. You did that possible, huh? Maybe they're about 50,000 of those goats of the old picture cars up the way and when it's Back though, it would be surprised me. Along with that bug, that's up there this morning. Oh, yeah, there's a bug going on. Let's take a bite. Let's start doing the work. And let's go now. Call over to the building. There ain't no water, not to. Okay, whatever you say, fellas. Well, where do these people come from? Did they have some kind of a factory? Did they have some kind of a plant? Were they stanties, creatures out? The Gary Sarners and Philistrum, the winds of the work. Rigweed and this person a little buddy. The promotion department, Sam, and then at you. Do you go around building you as different people? What does a since we have no promotional materials? None. Zero. Nothing. Not a bumper sticker, not a button, not a postcard, not a toilet paper that's his WKWM and blue and yellow on it. Since we had no promotional materials, what does our promotion department do? And you ask everybody, do you know what they all say? No, no. We can't tell you. What? And somebody must know, are they on the payroll? Are they getting a check? They steal and money out of this, do I keep all the free tickets they can? Can't take all his witty friends up there to the, out to the box at the stadium, the arena, them press everybody, everybody's box. That's right. But does anybody in this building, can they put their finger on it, can they identify what any of these people do? No. No. And the sales people are telling these story after story about going out to do appearances, which is why most of them don't want to do them anymore. They're going to have to go out and show us up. In fact, sometimes, not those people even bother showing up. Here we get on the air, we promote, hey, come on down and meet this one, meet a little dog, big dog, whatever. And once in one, you know, make the effort you get in your car, you spend the gas, you work up and do a sweat, you go, well, guess what? Didn't work out to that. Nobody's here. That's the QAM way. There's the real radio way, and there's the QAM way. I want to apologize profusely, the Bob Green, Cheryl, everybody might Disney, everybody I ever worked for, WI. I even want to apologize to Anna Wolf, Peter Boulder, who is hard as that is for me to do. Buddy, but Patzen, I want to apologize to them. Because on their worst days, never. I mean, sure, you have one, and if you're going to work anywhere nine years like I did, that I would deal, have a few runs with some people. But never on my worst days, that I ever have the kind of environment that goes on in this joint. This isn't just a hostile workplace. This is the same work, this isn't even a workplace period. This is an insane asylum with windows. That's what this is. It's a not-house with freaking windows. And if we were up a couple of more floors, I might just jump through one just to get this over with, you know, for only on a second guy to employ would work too well, probably with my life. Probably a break of fingernails. Just absolutely unbelievable. And you wander around looking for the guy that's supposed to be running this place. I mean, like I've said before, this man has no authority. Everything that comes through this place, this man can't wait to check for 50 cents. Every check, every dime has to come from Naples has to be signed by the beefly boys over there. Not one single penny can come through this organization. We go and do an appearance I drive in our each way to go down the candle. And by the way, thanks, we had a pretty decent turnout there on Saturday. Not spectacular, but pretty good, where he's almost two grand. A lot of nice people. George was there, and by the way, most of the people said they really enjoyed George when he filled him when I was on vacation. Nice going, George. Everybody was very nice. Gilbert showed up. Thank God, right under the end. Right when we're almost ready to leave Gilbert showed up. And I see the government got lead now as to a clock. See it. But he was there. Dressed, I mean, really Natalie, he was a fashion plate. He had his built just below the armpits. It was a beautiful thing. He really had to be there to see it. I scrolled Gilbert. So we had a pretty decent time, even with it. But again, thank God for Jeff Gardner of New Age, Design Graphics. Jeff, you have no idea how much we love you at this point. Because he made all these D&H bumper stickers, those big posters, which are really, I mean, a whole, a crappler of those. Tons of them. Huge banners, D&H with my, and you know something, you know, the best part of the whole deal. To show you that sometimes there's some sweet, ironic justice. None of the things, because he asked me about it, I said, I don't know, don't do that. None of the things that Jeff made were, including all the buttons that everything. Have WQA, I'm on them. They all say, New Year, WG says, the NH, do no harm or something about me or whatever. But none of them have WQA, am I? Nice gun, Jeff. Because why would this video stations want to promote itself? You know what I'm saying? Why would we want to go off there and say, hey, guess what? Here's, in fact, it's time like that piece that they got me on channel. Maybe it's for what justice that they've mentioned most, based on that. I did see the piece on Friday, by the way, Diane. There's another good one for you. Okay, that had me a really snookered, that's a big, giant magazine. They did a piece on the morning show on Wywenhub, did you see it? Friday night? They must have done four minutes on footy. And what a great guy he is in a reformed drug addict and how he goes, they showed him speaking to a bunch of kids with drug problems and all the great work he doesn't have the community. Then when they got through, you were driving, analyzing footy, then they went into another four minutes on the young lady that's on them, which I have no idea what her name is. Here's a great ass, but I have no idea what her name is. And here's her house and here she's doing a morning show on Wywenhub. I mean, just an unbelievable piece. So she's got to be me. These are the nice people. These are the good people. These are people that are working in the community doing good charitable work. I'm not doing that, but I'm just a miserable, hard bit in the old fact son of a bitch. That's me. You know, I'm just a bad guy, and I'll be the first one to tell you that. It's got to be me. It can't. They're can't possibly be this many screwed up. It's got to be me in hang because they hear hangs, you know, we always say whatever Neil says, I second the emotion and then some. We're just bad old bad Jews. Me and I, that's the problem. Everybody else in worse here is great. They're perfect. They're in no water, not see. That's right. All these people that come to me and tell me and George these stories about how they're Browby and certain people up there treat them like crafts. They're just mouth-content, too. They're just making things up because they're making trouble. It's got to be that. They're can't be that many assholes in one place. Can there? Is it humanly possible here? There are this many assholes in one goddamn building. I mean, my, I'm serious. I could, I could, I'm not exaggerating. I could write up book just about my trip up to the third floor. I wasn't up there for five minutes. I could write at least this short story on it anyway. At least the hundred pages. That's how amazing it was. Because after school and high tail that out of here, muttering and she was on a way down the hallway acting real mushy and bush. Maybe he's got a, I think he's got one of those, he's, he's surprised that she's got a, yeah. Because I met her husband. Yeah, that's the time when he, he don't have one. You're okay. That he's a real pussy. So he must have that in that family. And it goes up to, I go up the elevator up on the third floor. One floor up and here they're all gathered around the water. Now she's dead and I'm out in the hallway and of course they don't team me out there. And the first thing I hear is, there is no water and not see. And I realize that's who it is up there. Oh yeah, I mean he's telling him. But I mean, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna get started right there and who I like to play in grab ass and hump any other. It was incredible. Oh yeah, there were hump any other right over the desk. Just like that captain was talking about. Wow. Just an unbelievable, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not. Those of you who think that I exaggerate on my hand of the sky. My hand's a. I can't. My hand's a. This is just amazing this place. Come in here on a Monday morning. So it's starting in a pretty decent frame of mind. On. Oh. So it's really different. That 26. It's 26. It's 26. You see. In Miami Challenge. At Five, six, So, W. You can have to wear about a. More Tupper. Not anymore, I guess. 1031 at five, 60, W. Qm. So let me tell you with one of my favorite moments. Adborders, On Saturday. One of my very favorite moments was sitting there and looking up and realising that our programs are actually and the nephew. Chris Reeve, we're sitting there. They're kind of like a little, I don't know what you would call like a little podium or something. and they're sitting there next to each other side by side with a big smile on their post. Like, hey, isn't this great? Ha ha ha. Like, didn't we do a great job here today? And I'm sitting there signing all the stuff. And let me say it again. Buttons, bumper stickers, big posters all made by Jeff Gardner at New Age Design graphics. That I mentioned his name on opiette. Like I said, New Age Design graphics ain't in North Miami. Made for us for free no less. Plus some of the buttons which I paid for left over from hockey season or whatever, from months ago, which I paid for out of my own pocket. So what I'm trying to lay out for is the fact that here we go to do an appearance that allegedly has something to do with this radio station, the operative ward being allegedly a promotional fundraising campaign that's supposedly has something to do with this radio station. And if a word for Jeff Gardner, there would have been nothing. There would have been no netkins. There would have been no table-fought design. No paper plate design like we did events in camera years ago. Nothing. Zero. Zippity Dugah. And I'm sitting there and here's our program director and the promotions person who's supposed to be in charge of this appearance sitting there with self-satisfied list most mug looks on their post. Like, like that. Because they're with his bluest. You go to do a picture signing thing at a joint, but the only problem is there's no goddamn pictures. Not that anybody needs those ugly ghost-neal pictures. Not that they're going to be worth any money any day. When they stick my ass in the ground in about two hours because I think that's about as long as I'm going to make it today. Not that there's going to be worth anything. But it's just that's the general idea of how you do something right of what we intended to do when we went there. And these people here in this place to them, it's all a big joke. Everything's a big joke. They're up there right now. Again, they're hopping on the table. They're all on the floor and Gregory's office having an orgy up there. It's a big joke. This is a party. This isn't a place to work. This is a party for a bunch of people who know they have total impunity in their life. They can do whatever the hell they want. They can shoot your grandmother in a back and they'll still come into work tomorrow and have a job and have a paycheck. Am I right? You bet your sweet ass. And there's a whole bunch of people on that list. Now, if you don't happen to be on that list, then you've got a problem. If you're not on the, if you're not a part of the, you're a misplotter here, if you're not part of the, inside the family, even the Coralioni is never saw a family like this one. Because if you're not a member, if you're not one of the buttonmen or a saw, somehow associated with this family, you're on the outside. You're just a trouble. If you're an impediment to their having a good time. I mean, I'm going to tell you something. I came as close. I'm sitting up there in Gregory's empty office. According to attendance morning assuming that maybe he might come back. Now, I finally just said screw it. I said, that's all. And I came back down here. And if George wouldn't be on vacation this week, because I wouldn't stick to Yokeh's Stella with sitting in there like, like, what do I do now? Poor Joe, you know, like he knows is your bad. I would've just gotten in my car and gone home. See, the only thing that they understand, okay? Because they got this smart ass, wise guy, Jeweloy or avert. The only thing that they understand in this company is, well, he's making a lot of guilt, but I mean, but then they come through with his check like it was a big deal. George is that seven months late, they finally paid George's bonus on Friday. And like we're supposed to have a celebration about it. Like we're supposed to be if brilliant about this. And then they bring me a check which of course, you know, they're, they're bragging about they owe me an increase starting October 1st to go into my contract like we wouldn't have found it. Like, hey, you're worried to even call us about this and look here's some more money. You know, something you could bring down. I'll bucket a money right now. 100,000. Go ahead, by the way. Bring down a bucket of money. And it's still isn't going to change any of this other stuff. You're still totally inept in competent. You're the laughing stock at a business. Greg, read your adjoff. You're an idiot. You're an embassy. He's an asshole. And those are the good things we can say about him. Okay. And this isn't just stick. This is exactly the way it is. This is exactly the way I feel about this company. I don't care how much money they're paying me. Are we produced in here? The number is great. You just log jammed up even more than it's supposed to be. Oh, yeah. There you go. For a fist, we're bringing a money in for these baskets. I just got 75 client feedback reports here all these sheets. Every single one of the clients happy. I'm getting great results. So, so evidently, I wasn't paying to come here and get big ratings and bring it a lot of money and make the clients happy. And we've got first thought to, I was supposed to be here to suck ass with these people. Or I still hopping up in the water, not these office right now. You can hear the sound. You can see squirt squirt. That's dripping through the ceiling for Christachia in here. They're having sexual excitement up there just for the fact that I'm talking about that. Because they're getting off on this. That's right. Because they don't care. These are people that have been here for a thousand years. Nobody else is going to hire them. You can be sure of that. Is anybody else not going to hire the water? Not see to come and terrorize everybody to the worst for them. No. Of course not. Anybody going to hire the sales manager, this big step up there, a cut that walks around with a thing between her legs. No. Nobody's going to hire that bitch. We've got, it's just amazing. We've got a place here with all these things going on. And who's in charge? Who's on first? Does anybody know? No. No. No matter how you spell it with a car and the answer is, no. That's right. Who is in charge? Who's calling the shots? Who can you speak to? Who can you tie down? Who can you, and of course when they do finally give you an answer is their word worth anything? No. Absolutely. They will lie to you with the greatest smile on their push with the greatest impunity because they know that when push comes to shove, all you can do is call your lawyer again and start getting your blood pressure up and get aggravated all over again. Just lie and lie and lie shamelessly. You go and sit and have a meeting with them. You come and she walks out of here. Well, it's not your contract. Like she, like number one, first of all, the sales manager's got something to do with my contract, which is none of her goddamn business. Number two, like if it isn't written in stone, see this is the operative thing in this company. If it isn't written in granted, if it isn't engraved on somebody's spectrum, then forget it. No matter what they tell you, it isn't worth a price of peanuts because their word is worthless. As Jeff Rimmer about that deal, he had to come to work here and Greg Reid has looked at him with a straight face and says, when I shake your hand, we've got to deal because my word is my bond is word bond or some craft like that. My word is, and that was more like it. So you're sitting you have a meeting, we come to an agreement away, walk our out, everybody's got a smile on their face and do the things that we agreed to do. No, then they come down. Wow, man, I'm not going to put up with that. I'm not going to put up with only 100 minutes or spots an hour. I hear people call, I hear the manager talking about it. I'm Saturday. I'm driving out of my parents' headquarters. I hear the mad dog. Because somebody asked him about his Greg Reid going to get the hurricane games or something like that. He says, you respect Lee to answer for Greg Reid. A man that's running for you. Well, I can even figure out why he's running 45 minutes of spots an hour and 50 minutes of programming. And you respect Lee to answer for that asshole or something like that effect. That wasn't me saying it. That was the widely respected mad dog. Yeah, saying that. The same mad dog, man. It's like a petal in child. They're rightfully so for a month about how we couldn't get a guy damn paycheck out of these people. That's right. I'm over the day he finally got a check and he gave that story about how it's said on their don't check, told two weeks from circus or something like that. Because it didn't make it good yet. WDQA, M.A. And they'll speak about our isolers. That's 45 to 5. This is WDQA. I've got a great, I'll get back to my other stuff. Yeah, I've got a minute things to talk about here today, but I might not get to any of them. My much has to do the whole four hours on his place again. Seems like about once every two or three months I have to just take a whole show and just go bullets to here. Not that is accomplished as anything, but it gets out of my system because my blood person is already 30 points lower than it was ten o'clock. Because I, it's like letting out steam. But I'm driving home on Friday and Hank was at what's his name's funeral, the Abbasin guy, Dumby, whatever he was there. So Hank came in late, I had no idea what time it came in. So he had the, you know, the kitty court were doing a show. There were in Sanjay, Josh, and Josh, Jr., and whoever they're telling you. I don't know, you know who these people are, I've never seen them. But anyway, they're doing the show and they go through their song and a dance and here comes the first call and this is, I'm not making this up. The first call was some old far too. Obviously, we've let out a GA and he says, well, you know, you guys, what are your thoughts on it? Syracuse, tempo. I mean, the Syracuse is going to run up the score all over and I'm thinking of myself, here is a bunch of 10-year-old kids sitting around filling in time until Hank gets back from the funeral and the first call is some compulsive camera again, who really is fishing around should he bet, are they going to cover the spread? Which one was it 38, nothing or something like that, and that can't? Guess what, they cover the spread pal who lost your ass. Just like Depot and all his gator grime. Hey, Hank, I break the news to you, Depot. It's getting really, really old. Boy, did he get a booming last night at the time? Oh, he came out to do his little between career and the charade there. And I noticed now he's wearing his real loose sweaters and big baggy pants because he's ballooned up to like about 320. And he is, no, seriously, he was in here the other day and I don't know what's happened at this guy. Maybe he knew he was going to lose his ass on a game and he figured, let's bulk up ahead of time because there's going to be a lot of neolus days for weeks on end. I'm going to be doing a current carpenter diet now, I think the next two or three months after Saturday. Booth, roundlead, and enthusiastically by that crowd. Now, speak at a back crowd last night. We could do about 2030 hours on. The amount of information that the people in this town have, I just don't get these people at all. Here comes John Van B's group with a Philadelphia Flyer. Okay, we hate to fly as that much is given. We hate Eric Lindrust. No question about it. You can know we had about a thousand or 1500 flyer fans here last night. Hey, they're in peddle. At least these are real flyer fans from Philadelphia, not just throughout the morning, ponies like so many of those so-called red wing fans that we had Lindy Troy was here. 50% at least, maybe 80% of those people that he Troy Jersey. They're just a bandwagon job person. They're the red winged one who said it comes in a row. So last night, I had day off for a number of flyer fans there, whatever. The players come out for the warm-ups, okay? Here it comes. The flyer's from the tunnel. They come out on the ice and here comes the beases, one of the first step on the ice. And it's like a smattering. You hear some of the flaws and booze and I'm not what's at all about, you know, but not a lot of them, because most of the people are still out eating that crap food. They're still wandering around. Now we get to that moment when they're starting line-ups for the pigeons coming off your flyers, okay? And they announced the starting line, Jody, how got nice tan? Nice going, Jody. We like Jody. Never stole a free trend. It was pretty good. And then we get to the night for the hill and off your flyer. Number 34, and that's these. And now, seriously, I almost fell off the chair. Because there was a very loud response, but keep in mind, you got about maybe 1500 flyer fans in the building who are actually going to give them a big cheer. There was a lot of cheers and there were also a lot, I mean, there are very, a lot of very loud booze. Who's? They were just drinking the booze. They were giving out booze. They were the booze at the visa. Found the wonder to myself, why? I'm thinking about Angela, I told her show couple weeks ago. Oh, I don't like the way he left here. He didn't leave here because he wanted to leave. He left here because they made him an offer he couldn't refuse, which was no offer. They said, okay, we've given you our best offer. We're not going to give you any other other other things in fact, they lied to him. Time like they do around here. And by the way, speaking of lying, Brian Murray, you know something you are a piece of, you really are. You see the article in the paper yesterday morning about how the visa plates so poorly for us last year that we thought we were never going to win another game. That was the quote from BMS today. We thought we were never going to win another game until we finally got the great Kirk McLean. We played okay last night, played pretty good, except they didn't have a lot of work to do last night. But the visa are out played in by a wide margin made some unbelievable some simulating and say on spail on winning your whole bunch of them. And then of course when Eddie got the break away, you know he was going to score because the one thing BMS are can't do is stop for penalty shots of breakways. He couldn't do it here, he can't do it there. But other than that, he played unbelievably for them. And then Eddie is speaking of another genius, Eddie Javanoski, who owes points in the IQ column because they're talking about the interviews they did with VisaRAC to the Game Last Night. Banner, Eddie Javanoski grew testy when it was proposed in the many Florida fans, still wished VisaRAC were here. That too bad for those fans, he said, we'll play with the gold tender as we've got. All Eddie, I mean, come on, we know you're stupid, okay Eddie, we know you're dumber than saw those. But do you really think that anybody believes that that we're happy having Captain Kurt Fijirk and Sean Berkley let in five greasy goals. In fact, that's the reason for it didn't play last night, I guarantee of that. Because that came up in Boston, he let in five goals and every one of them was coated with grease. They must have been Italian goals, they were coated with olive oil, sure is that. Slippery, greasy goals, every single one. So he didn't play last night, I'm a claim didn't play bad, but that's a piece of play. In addition to what I hate to tell you, because a lot of you are emotional cripples you can't handle the truth. In addition to what you've already got, also got thousands of people out there who don't even understand what it is that they're watching. But until we're out to you, flyers, when I realize we went up there to the one we beat him up there, I shot him 40 to 15 and whatever. And only Roger Nealson is the only coach in the world that could take a team with this much talent and turn them into a coma team. In fact, we've laid in a second period last night, they had a total of eight shots in the whole game at that point. And I'm thinking to myself, what, what, you look out there and you see Lindrosse and you see Le Clare and you see Keith Jones and Lindymor and you see Mike Syllinger and the Luke Richardson and all of these guys at this team is loaded. Almost everybody on that team is a star. The difference between the talent level on the Philadelphia Flyers and the Florida Panthers is like the difference between day and night. And I give our guys credit the fact they go out there and you know, they play teams that have a lot to hire payroll and a lot more talent and they give it their best shot. But I said, I said the people early in the game after they got the first goal and then we tied it up. Eddie, nice going Eddie. I said, you know, you get the feeling that they're toying with us that they're just sitting back and waiting and then when they did, that they could score a goal anytime they want. That's the feeling I got because they weren't turning it on. And then when the overtime came, they came out there and you could see they just barred into the Panthers. They were in there the whole 26 seconds and by the bank, he told this in the net. There you go. If Carter and Spala once again, just desperate, just falling and clawing and unable to get the job done. But that's the feeling that I had the thickest score on us. And he kind of felt like it. Because they are, and I'm not saying at the end of the year how many points they're going to have because they got a coach that's a dead man. That's always an impediment, Roger Nielsen. I think he's got naked pictures of Bobby Clark and must be the reasoning heart him. One of the worst coaches in the history of the league, Roger Nielsen, a dead man and a suit. And we said behind the benches now and I noticed last night, he barely moves. Once in a great while, he'll like move a little bit. A few steps from one part of the bench down to be able to, for most of the time he's standing there with the Zarmus forwarded, like he's just holding up the back of the event, you know? It's a dead man. But the B's are thing to me was uncontrollable this man whether you like him or not, whether he's a board again, Christian or not, whatever that's all about. He gave us five great years here, okay? Without him the first four years with this team of in anywhere? No. That great run we had to the Stanley Cup finals where we have made it without him? No. All those incredible highlights in the Colorado series, in Patrick Frog, anybody forget about those? Of course you can't forget. He was unbelievable. And so he had a big thing right from the beginning of the year last year with the agent and Wayne and B M and get on it, sour the whole relationship all the way around. So it's very easy to make him the scapegoat now. People like my friend, the rimman, you know, people like that and all these other people in the organization, making him the scapegoat or he was the problem in the dressing room and he created all this on happiness and yaddy, yaddy, full crap, okay? Don't feed me that polo. They destroyed his ego and his psyche right off the bed early in the year last year. In addition to which the team had no defense and they, you know, even the rimman is much as he may hate the B's are. He'll tell you about last year's team. They don't, there you go. Was there any question about it? They don't. Our once was enough. I mean, Tom down, okay? Well, you know that they start. We know that. They were horseball teams. But he's gone now, so it's easy to make him the scapegoat. But those of you who booed him last night, you people stuck, okay? I'm saying that beyond any shadow about that's what I think of you. If you read the, well, what's the game started like I said about bits that call a couple weeks? Well, I'm going out there to root for the B's here. Well, that's kind of stupid if you're a Panther, friend. I hate to tell you how they play for the other team. But when somebody comes back to town like that, you see it everywhere. Like when the, you know, can't get up, came in in New York the first time in Messier's out there. Think of a standing ovation. That, those are fans with some class, with some set of appreciation for what you did for us for a however many years it was. And we have some fans who have class. Now we have some fans who are just, take the CL off the class. That's all. Ask. That's what they know from his ass. Just like they know upstairs there in the, the water now, he's office where they're all banging each other up there and they're doing it, uh, doogie style right there on the table. Just unbelievable. Gary Sarner was something in animal objects up there. He was so excited because screw in my, oh, I told him that man's got to think he's standing there with an armistpool that real macho with her pants suit on, you know. Those are the things that most women who wear pants suits, you know, they get, I think they do have a, you know, like, I do women who wear pants suits. Real, real, butch. 10. 50's you, hey, yeah. So, Neil Roger's showdown. Right, what he has up here. Look at what he we, because otherwise I'd be a proper way right now. I'd be perfect on a big number, right, his mama, what they'd like to do is not. It's a level I am. Level three at five, 50, W. K. By the way, I forgot that I got to give him way and I said I would never give me a thing away any or give him to, I have to go back in my words. That would be the first time. I think it's, and I won't hear this weekend. I'll be in Vegas. Thank God. Vegas. Thanksgiving holiday weekend. But I got tickets for the, is, again, the time to be clear. The entertainment, bus always, always an exciting thing to watch. I got a lot of weird setting tires on there, not the least of which Matthew Barnaby. And that's Brian holes in your end. Of course, I'm in a cancette and the got to me. How about those maple leaves, by the way? We finally beat them all, thank God. But anyways, to like up the yellow parking pass that preferred parking for the National Car Yenther, Macarena. And my great two seats there, which I do have to ask one seats by the way. You'd have to admit that in section 101. Right there, any end. So how do we want to do that? So what says we really don't want to do that? What are you saying? Well, we'll give more to whoever ask and sounds convincing. I don't want to do no drawing or anything like that because that would be going back in that. I don't want to do that. Now, one good thing did happen on Friday, by the way. One excellent thing. Thank God, I can't all be negative and depressing. And about this God forsaken place. Which is actually going to second. I'm telling you, I've got 50 million things running through my mind. 49 million plus about this place. So I have a little something that we're going to pass along for some of the assholes in this place. That's going to solve a lot of problems because very soon. And the next few weeks, sometimes before next took us, we're going to be moving into our permanent studios allegedly upstairs on the third floor. And once we get up there, boy, because there are possibilities that exist for real, full, more. I'm talking about even Sodom who's saying, we'll never see no matter what we drop on him. We'll never see anything like could possibly the potential is for absolute chaos. But I'm going to avoid that before that time. I'm going to tell you why in a minute. First of all, I'm Friday. FCC ruling allows renters to install and tennis and jitter. Oh, God, it's about time long overdue. Having impact expected in Sodom, I'm going to tell you something. I really mean those of you bastards out there who are sitting back on your ass, who have waited and waited or made excuses or in many cases they didn't give you a bun, you know, the Condo Association, all those old parts. Oh, you can't put that in. It's against the kind of many of well guess what, too bad. Because landlords will no longer be allowed to prohibit winners from installing TV antennas and satellite dishes on patios, balconies or in their apartments that government ruled on Friday. The ruling expected to have a far-reaching impact in Sodom will allow renters and condominiums dollars to circumvent central cable systems in their buildings. Thousands of South LeBredeans living in high-rise rental and condominium units which centrally controlled systems can now say, to you, okay? And get their own choices, get the rective, eat, go whatever it had you want, get the sports packages, the movie packages, whatever you want to watch. With a great clear crystal clear picture, what a difference man when you got a dish. It says this gives tenants and community association members an opportunity to choose by price and program offerings rather than having their landlords choice rammed down their throws, said Andrew Schwarzenman, President of the Media Access Project of your advocacy organization in Washington, D.C. Your organization in war that are restricted rolling would discriminate against the 35% of the population at rent and is more likely to be minority and lower income. The FCC on Friday adopted new rules that would give residents and apartments building. The ability to receive satellite TV or wireless cable service by allowing them to install antennas and dishes on property that they control exclusively. They're not allowed to put the devices in common area such as roof of the apartment building or balcony share with another tenant, but any property that's your own, like your own patio, your own whatever, the backing your own unit, whatever you got. If it's your unit, then stick it on there. Our rule brings choice to renters who live in high-rise buildings and have a balcony and wished install an antenna. This is owners of condominium units, man, install an antenna on their balconies or owners or renters of townhouses. They have an antenna on their patios, said FCC Chairman William Kanard. An on and on a close. So thank God finally, after all these years of sighting with the cable companies and all these old parts in the condo who want to prohibit you from loving it or do whatever that, who want to limit your life, basically is what it pours down to. Scroll them. Scroll those condominium associations run by all those old parts of 150 years plus, deaf parts 10. And it was seemed to me that people were reading about this and hearing about this. They should be on their phone immediately with their satellite guy or running down to a pipe, to be poor wherever they want to go and get the direct TV at the very least. Because once you have the satellite, then you'll actually understand there's something else going on in the world. Besides, you know, cartoons on whammy. Boyd by the way, speaking of whammy, nice going depot. You have to force another victim of whammy. Because misery loves company. I'm channel surfing was it yesterday morning? I think it was yesterday morning that that got off. We showed that he's got what he's cap on his own. And whammy. And guess what? I had to turn the volume away up. Hmm. I know if that all humb job again. Nice going depot. So then that's just for, I guess anybody from QAN. If you do it, you'll add whammy to give you a free humb job too. Just like the ones that are going on upstairs in the water run, not these office right now. It's still going on. You can hear the rock and the wall and the guy that implores about to cave in. I knew there was a lot of construction going on, but never got stuck in that. That's not the lesson done. That. You do the sales manager, I think he's got one too. It's 11.09. It's 60. Can I get a... Hey, hey, I'm a man. You're a man. It's spot that. Just spot after his spot after his spot. Because we... We're still losing money. For one and 51 minutes and hours spot on this station. 65 minutes and hours. And we're still losing money. How do you like that? Somebody's just gonna money somewhere. Maybe if things are going to be red-green. Where the hell is nobody can... Oh, can I? It's a leap up. I heard all the stories. The long is just one and 120 minutes and hours. Spot that in this guy's in radio station. We got four hours of four play before the dolphin game. Because we got to get all those commocials on there. Done by those five year old kids over the other building. And we still can't make any money. So please pardon us. We got to get a lot of spots in there. I mean, after all, what do you want to hear? You want to hear a hang for four hours? So you want to hear a bunch of four play. I would prefer hearing a hang for myself, but nevertheless. So we got to the ball game at 80% of the years off into the Patriots' aim. This is the big one, baby, as they say. It's all on the line. I mean, the Patriots for me show me nothing. I don't want to talk for four. I just mention that in passing. They show me nothing. There are chalk teams. They're a bad, bad, bad, choke teams. But that's just the time when you release this respect. That's why, anyway, let's go a little bit of a tensioner at ball game. Okay? There's a lot of money investing in that crap. Okay. So I said to you that I was gonna solve the problem. I'm always left to me. And I'll do it again. I'm just in my own mind. Come up with a very easy solution. For these conflicts that I have with certain people in this building. Now the water not see. I don't talk to her. She has at least one thing I'll say for her. She's got him out since. She stays away from us down here. She doesn't even talk to George now. I don't even like that. I mean, George pretty much gets along with anybody, even if he hits him like poison. But if he's their face, I'll put on a good act. But she won't even talk to him. So at least she's got enough common sense. She stays away from us. We stay away from her. And that's the way we like it. We get along great. Let's hear it. Oh, no. Yeah. That's the way we like it. There ain't no water, Matt. So the other people involved here. I'll give you the short list. Okay? Lou and Winick, Gary Sarner, and the water not see. That's only three. That's a short list. That's not a long list. Those people I will not speak to. If you come down here into my office before the show after the show. I mean, don't forget about coming down during the show because that's supposed to be forbidden anyway. But if you come down here and make your presence known in this room, I'll just, I'll either get up and walk out. Well, just proceed with whatever I'm doing. As if you weren't even there like Ray Malay and the invisible man. So don't talk in my door again. Don't waste your time. I don't have room in my life for ponies, for backstabbers, for people I'm little ego trips. I come in here every day to do a job. That's it. And once we move up there in the Thursday, we're like I said, the potential is for a lot of un-tuzziness, which I'm not looking forward to when I come into Irby Day. Even the extent like I said, we've got some little punks on power 96 down off. They don't even speak here unless you speak their language, whatever the problem is on that given day. You know what? Fine. Let's keep it that way. I know who the nice people are. I know who the people are, who like me. I like them. The ones who hate me, like poison. Fine. You'll go your way. This is an un-believably unpleasant workplace, Mr. Reed. And that's not just me saying that you could get that of course from a lot of people need to save their rancher jobs, but anonymously speaking to get a lot of people who are verified the same thing what I'm saying. A hostile work environment is what you're creating here at WQAN and Power 96. How'd you know what I'm asking you to do in, by the way? You're wasting your time. Okay, let's go to Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, New York, are you? Okay, sir. Sounds like you don't work for WQAN. Sounds like you work for Ringling Brothers. I work for the circus. That's right. Now, all we need is the Harry Elephant Day. We'll have our own circus today. Yeah. Just a few days. The Elephant. Just a few things. I went down to Westland Mall this weekend. I was not sure. I think one of my wife's equipment. You're going to pennies to the tea room, didn't you? No. No. The question is, is there collecting goods for the people in Central America? Right. The Andre. Anybody in the station is over the age of 12? No. Oh, my God. They're up here. Yeah. All of them are here. One kid's worked for you. Oh, man. Unbelievable. Oh, Griffin is the only one that's over the age of 12. And of course, he's got all the other stuff with that. He's a second-class. She doesn't have to... She's right. I love that thing. I love that thing. Down the borders? Yeah. I'm going to make sure over there. Right. How long have you guys got it? Yes, I am. Why do you want to say around here? You know, I didn't think you were this nice, you know, in person. Yeah. And we bought the two cities. It was just a great, um, I'm who I want. I'm trying my wife crazy because I'm playing a more and more and more. Did I meet you? Uh, yesterday, like, we were, we were busy as heck. I mean, you guys, we had a lot of people. That's a stop by and say, hey, you know, how you doing? There you go. That's the way I like it. I mean, the quick and simple thing. I was going to, I was going to go sit there and kiss you all new to the greatest. I think I was going to have to get a hockey game like that. A lot of people come by and say hi. And it was quick and short and so I'm finally training these people. I'm a friendly guy, but to a point. Okay. Believe me, if I want you to stick around longer, I'll slip you know, I'll let you know. You know what? I'm saying Danny. I'm sorry. Danny from Comic-Cy. He's coming back. No, there's a couple of guys there. Just Danny is a staring at you like a food. They never seen a fan before. Yeah. All right. You know, just say hello. I got it. It's a little June. Yeah. That's pretty novel I guess. And for it, it's you know, old June. Well, thanks for coming down. I was a pleasure to meet you. Any chance on those tickets? No. Have a great day. If you buy it. Well, if I give it to the first caller out of the box, I mean, I'm not that stupid. But am I that dumb? Oh, even after the traumatic. See, this is another inexcusable thing here this morning. I don't come in here to talk to these assholes. I come in here to do a radio show. If that isn't good enough for Greg Reed, then I'll just stay home for another six or six months. That's all. There's nothing in my sense. We want to start getting picky about what's in the contract and what isn't in the contract. Number one, there's nothing that says I have to talk to any assholes who work in his joint, including the salesmen who, since I don't work for her. And I don't, certainly, don't work for Gary Sarner who's a total asshole. I don't work for those people. They got their little click, their little fraternity up there. And they can just get out there and suck each other's ass all day. That's fine. That's their business. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to be involved in it. And if that's the management side, deave how you're going to business, how you treat people, hey, that's up to him. I'm not going to worry about it. I'll come in a little pubic out of tubicul and do my thing here for four hours. And like I do every day to a clock and I'll do something going on for me to stay. I'm gone. Oh, you're leaving already? Yeah, I'm done. I just did my job. Okay, just put it in the tunnel to cut crapload of money to pay your salary. Oh, I love that one. Oh, you, you've gone and you're already yet. Two o'clock to show end to two. Okay, I have no reason to sit around here. Steering up a lot of trouble. Because I'll say it again. Those of you who work, whatever kind of business you work at, where there's a whole bunch of people. The people that hang around a lot. Those are the ones who are the backstabbers. Those are the ones who always threw it up trouble and missed a mouth content. Those are the ones that are trouble makers. They're not hanging around with it. Shouldn't be there because they love the place. They're hanging around because they want to screw up a lot of garbage. Because they're poisonous. Like a lot of people we have at spend their time outside the smoking on the stoop out there. I don't want mention no names. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a. Yeah, stirring up the crap. Steering the pot. Steering the, you know, you'd be better off smoking instead of stirring it. Okay. You can look out there on the stoop. About 80% of those people that are out there. That's a, that's a, they're just out there to do the interview team. They don't need to be a puffin' on those faggots. Here's my meatbeat, chill out. I have no idea if I want them. I'm not having an out of body experience. I'm, you know, while we see kids talk about it work. Oh, get the vent those for me. These people are crazy, man. And they're just, they're looking for hostility. They're looking to exert their authority and make them feel more important, including the sales manager, bitch. I'm going to tell you something. She, this woman is crazier than a bedbug. She is, I certifiable. She needs to be in a rubber room somewhere. Well, maybe other people in the building will, we'll, we'll, we'll get to say it, maybe give her a little bit. Well, they, nobody know it. That's, that's right. They, nobody know it. I mentioned her name and it's like the Dracula thing. Remember they hold up the crucifix? Yeah, you know. There's a water drink. They recoil when you mention her name. The water not you, right? No, no, this is another renazi. Oh, okay. The sales not. See, not to be convicted. The water not sees the woman with the rasty voice up here. Oh, okay. Yeah, that one. I got a question. They weren't allowed in. No, I just made a foul the story. It's fellow, about these poor sales rolls down. These sales ladies down here. They want to go up there and get a couple water. So they might have something to go with. They whistle out. They can't get anymore. For a guy that doesn't have a lot of cards and they've had some. What, you went to Amsterdam this time. Did you, did you indulge in that or no, I did not. How about I do with this time? I've been there about 50 times. Well, but I do with now. Why did you start with all the, I have a lot of cards because number one, I got a good sense of humor. And number two, I've been freedom. And number three, I think this country's an a stone age when it comes to things like this. Yeah, I got me. I'm going to think that there are people in jail. People are in prison for growing and smoking marijuana. What am I going to tell you about this country? Man, there's stone age. Yeah. Hey, you know, my girlfriends, we even Friday to go to Las Vegas. Well, I hope she has a great trip. Okay, we have two open lives in Davis. Here is a West Palm Beach. She'll all look her up out there. West Palm, hello. I need all of you doing. Okay, sir. I wanted to talk to you a minute about the game last night. Yeah, I've been being perfect. I have to say, hey, you did a great job. We missed you. You're going to be a little bit more focused on the game. You know, that's the way to do it. But to be booing this night. No, that goes to the end. No class. I couldn't believe what I heard. And one of the things that bothered me really was that when they had the opening of the arena. Yeah. And they let the fans in. Dennis Potman, one of the questions he was at on that show. No more disgruntled players in the locker room. There wouldn't be that kind of healing. Yeah, I'd rather have him than work in McQueen together. They would have been waiting for Eddie Joe and ask you to be opening his mouth to the media and saying anything other than that. I mean, it's just unbelievable. Eddie, we know you were a dummy. We appreciate the break away the goal last night. And not too many mistakes on defense. It's about time. But, you know, I'm for Eddie to be making quotes in the newspapers. My little daughter's all right since then, Eddie. Any champ on the note, Jan? See, this is what happens. I apologize for giving these away. But we'll get a lot of calls today. And maybe sooner or later, I'll give the tickets away. Maybe I'll even carry it over to look. Maybe I'll look it to Wednesday. Never know. Huh? Oh, man, a back of my neck. You know, that stress that you get in the back of your neck when you just totally stress off from this God damn place. I'm going to tell you right now. And you can mark this down. Like Wayne would say like a ball hit a geek would say. The next time somebody in this organization pulls that crappy for I go on here. Before I get ready to do a show, I'm just going to get up and walk right out and go home. And call for my cell phone and call in sick. I'm going home. I'm sick. That's what that's the next time this crap happens to me. When I'm trying to get on here and do a goddamn talk show for four hours. Bunch of takers, a bunch of goddamn blood suckers. And fuck suckers, that's right. Two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound 5, 60, unimobile one line. 1, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1.