makes the president look bad and we even had the spectacle of a majority of the Republicans voting not to even release the votes by which we voted today The Republicans insisted on keeping secret the proceedings in which they were open that for open it to about everybody for themselves It is the disappointment that's because it is not only partisan, but it is not a part of trying to get into fact Finally or defining a impeachment is basically an effort to describe the president This is a chairman hired is here now Wow, this is not an old plan to work. I don't think things were as decimal as burning for trade them We accomplished the line We had you think there are days, but it was civil wife's thing I would say the spirit of by partisanship is alive. Oh, I'm sorry. I've been there There was a general view among the Democrats not to reveal anything and There was a general view among Republicans to reveal as much as possible consistent with Responsible redactions to protect people Those pictures out of the Involving and this was very for RIP We did that I don't want to hear it Makes me sick of my stomach. That's gone Henry ghost deal somebody else's wife It's 155 and finding what it had told you remember several days ago when he and John Conner's run Oh, this is gonna be bar partisan. It's no good. I'm not gonna be political right We believe that Everything is about fairness and justice in America. There's no such thing about political partisanship is there She wasn't in turn for the president's Really on she wasn't sure what it meant but he would show her Shushish shushish All right He took her on a tour of the old world place and then they were through the elder buyer face And he said no Leon We've got his Noise That lonely forest, my home burn And a little intern had a terrible fast He was a flow of love Let me slurp the flow of love I've been slurp the flow of love Well, she takes conversations on the phone I'm talking about a village bomb And when it came, it had an insane She said, really, why? I'm gonna take the stairs I'm not the wildest, most curious man But for what I hear I understand she was a girl Well, you're good, you're good, you're good Well, you're good, you're good, you're good Well, you're good, you're good Well, you're good, you're good Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Okay, so there's the 20-400 tigers of a other testimony that they're gonna release and also the video tape and date with Algo's theme whatever else you want That's all coming out. And of course we all know that it's non-partisan. But the bad news is for those of you real perverts out there with no lives that they've removed all the extra salacious parts. Yeah. That's right. They've all been deducted. They've all been taken out. But like a big heavy magic market, you know, a real big black one, a big black magic market name Ben. So all of people, I mean, who the hell's going to be that? They didn't want anything in there that was more salacious than was the original report last week. What else could anything do you have more graphic than that? I mean, maybe the, maybe the salacious part was about what brand the cigar was, huh? Maybe we had an actual picture of the, maybe we had the pictures of a cigar droppings and scraping's in the feelings and stuff like that. But that won't be in there, Dammit. Here's Miami with 200 question marks, hello. Neil, God. Yes? How are you Neil? Okay. Listen, I'm a who the old born and raised here in Miami. So I never really was a bunch of a hockey fan. Yeah. That was my do that run a couple years ago. Don't they had the runs, yeah? I've to admit I jumped on the bandwagon. But my true love is football and if you can. Okay, hang on. Okay, boy, I never thought we'd give these damn things away. I think the football people are of such as, because I said football talk is boring. Well, it is. I mean, it's not as boring as that dolphin bills game last week. Nothing could be more boring than that. Even eating vanilla ice creams more stimulating than watching that game. That was pathetic. I really was. It was sad. I was surprised to make a big song today to dance about that performance. You know, rookie quarterback out there, there's like peanut in his pants. And just terrible, just awful. And nobody able to do much of anything just back and forth. Nothing happening. All kick of field goal. Here we go again. Same old tired boring stuff. So I mean, listening to people talk about something that was boring in the first place. Can't really be all that stimulating. Can't it? No, I don't think so. But hey, who the hell am I? I mean, that, you know, we got ourselves consoled in here. They don't want to say that it's boring. It's exciting as all hell. Do you believe me? Here's the call in Davy. Hello. Good morning, you. Yes, sir. I already did it. Great. So now I spoke a little bit earlier in the week. I'm a little bit out of material. But I look like I'm a little, little late. I want to take my kid to the game Sunday. But you're out of tickets. To what game? To the dolphin game? Yeah. No more tickets. Oh. All right. Yeah. I have another pair by the way, but they ain't going to get them. Isn't that something? He still doesn't want to talk to me this guy. I don't give tickets to people who just call up. I mean, what kind of a show is that? I'm trying to create a little bit of creativity. I've been doing this for a hundred years at least for us you to come up with something to say, to talk about an opinion, a comment, anything, an observation. Even some, if he wants me to sing God, bless America and pasties and a G-string up here, I'll do it. Something not original, you know? With this guy, like he wants to take his kid to the game, go to the game. I'm sure there's going to be tickets. By the way, is that game sold out? Do we know I have no idea? No. I haven't been following that. Is the game sold out? In other words, his a black-op and looked at it since it's already Friday. And we ought to know the answer to that. How about Yoda? Do you know the answer to that? Is the game sold out? I don't know, but we'll find out. Hey, Bob. How long could we not know? You know, I just don't. I mean, here it's Friday. The game is Sunday. What does our sports section say? Okay. Let's get that Harold sports section. I would never leave this down to wrong path. Would they? Yeah, they might. Let's see. Where is the, let's find some football stuff. Let's get rid of this baseball stuff. I know that's where the exciting stuff's going on right now. But let's get some football. Come on, let's get them football. Where are we going? Mitchell, not too happy up there in Detroit. And we need to be sorry about this. Come on. Reno believes in a wide receivers, because that's all they got to talk about. Is he got to find more wide receivers? All very jackass, Marlon's maybe go to Channel 69. That'll solve our problem by the way, if we get the heat end of Orleans on there on 69, we'll never be on anyway. Which very, of course, is salivating, because that nighttime programming on whammy, he says is averaging a 0.5 for the prime time of our programming in August. And the numbers must be solo. We don't even get them anymore. You know what's that? Didn't even give us the numbers anymore. We used to have the squiggly lines. Now we've got like minus the squiggly lines. In other words, less than nothing. That's okay. We're kicking some serious ass. Where the hell is the footwork? Where's the story here? Where's the deal? What kind of a goddamn newspaper is this? Don't they usually have a thing on your gators? We don't care about gators. We want to know about it. We got a professional football team playing here, at least they fact similarly they're out. Where's the stuff coming up? Where's the usual summary they have about the game? And how many tickets available are you going to see? Where you got to hear it right here? Here we go. What does it say? Ah, Sunday's highlights. Television. It says right here for in 12 Steelers and Dolphins, what a clock the game has been sold out since Monday. It will be. What are our tellers? Just as you said that, just before that, just barely beat you in the punch, but thank you. The game is sold out. So these damn last two tickets we got to give away here are like gold, like pure platinum. Oh, that's where they're going to be playing at pure platinum. So this last guy that just called in, I wanted tickets for him in his son. It's called me the early and the week that just keeps sucking around, sucking around. You can't do it that way, sir. It does not work. And I'm desperate to give these tickets away. Because whoever gets him is going to have to come and pick him up here like in the next two or three hours. And we don't have a lot of time to deal around. This is a sold out game in a very frenzied sports town. Isn't it a very frenzied? Oh, well. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I'll listen. I wouldn't do your favor. I want to take those two tickets. Uh-huh. OK. Here's a mobile in four-loader, you'll, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, what is it, sir? I'm going to comment. What a fillery was cheating on Dylan. He's shoes out of town. What if they find out about that when that be his singer? Yeah, that would be his singer. OK, here's a mobile in four-loader, Neil. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. OK. I'd like to wish you a nice vacation and a safety turn. Thank you. You're welcome. And if you want, you can give me those two tickets. OK, let's go to a callgabel, sir, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? OK, sir. First of all, two things. Uh-huh. Besides the tickets, um, hide. What would have happened a while back? Hide? Oh, Henry Hide. Yeah, what would have happened before if he got caught 30 years ago? What he have gone to the present set, oh, I've sanded. I know, you have to ask him. And the second thing. I've got a cover to up since he lied about being married. You told us, broad that he wasn't married. What would have happened if he was taken by Edgar right now? Yeah. Why did he? Well, they're just now. I think he probably needs it. Yeah, like they see him. They're just now. I think he probably needs it. OK, thank you, sir. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This is called an exercise in Satanism. And I enjoy it. I like it. A lot. You challenged him to come up with something. Just a little something, not cold, not platinum. Just a little something. Sorry, can't do it, Sally. Hey, when you're working to make your next lunch morning. Oh, man, three days. Oh, man. Oh, we're throwing up the movie for six of them and doing three days. Yeah, like the Army, right? A first team. Weekday more. We're 30, 5, 60. QA, yeah. We're gone. And now, the sound of Pamela Lee breastfeeding on the set of Baywatch. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Very good job. Probably 14 to 5, 60 WQM. Maybe that's not possible. I'll show George, I'm sorry. So at any time, remember where that terminal collar is before. He forgot to mention the most important thing that not only is the big thing tomorrow at the Panther of Hockey Fest, but that everything is free except the food which we'll be. Half price. Oh, I didn't like that. I mean, I'm not going to be given the food away, but like the rest of the house. But it's going to be half price at the arena tomorrow at the Mac Arena. Show that something you should have been talking about, but he left that out. And you think if anybody would be price conscious about food, he'd be the guy. Here's a mobile inform lauderdale, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How's your calling? How's my calling? Well, I wish the first time calling. Yes sir. I want to know if you could play that for me. And also, how's that this dog's taking? Okay there. Oh! Woo! Excuse me, I'm lighting my cigar, okay. And it tastes pretty good. Yeah, that was good sir. That was brilliant. That was excellent. Not only is he want to request and the tickets, but he's got nothing to say. That was a double-bammy. Oh, sorry. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I want to wish you nice vacation. Thank you. Until you, I feel like you're sure before, but I've enjoyed it. Thanks to my husband. Yeah. And how about those tickets? Okay. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound, 5, 60 and see. You know, something some people think, This is a real waste of time. Oh, this is excellent. This is like a seminar, especially today, be what I'm going on vacation. This is perfect. Because this shows you why most of the time, we see here begging for some kind of a meaningful call. Something intelligent, something amusing, something entertaining, something to piss you off anything of substance. Because they have nothing to say here. They have absolutely nothing to say. They figure if they call and do a little real quick suck job that that's, that's it. I don't want to suck job quick or, uh, drawn out all depending. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You think you did that surgery, the headline in, um, an in deposition is not surgery, correct? That what? The headline in deposition. Why not offer not constitute surgery? That is correct, sir. Why is it that, isn't there going to be going after him because the surgery because he was lying? Well, sir, let me say it again. Lying under oath does not automatically constitute surgery. Look it up in the book. Turn out one of the talking heads. And listen to this, because I think it's a little beyond your regress. He's grasping it. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you're doing, man. Okay. Just depressed, panter, pan calling here. Just trying to get your opinion on the, on the arena. The very, very top seats and those, please. Would you have been to know how good the seats are from them? There are, there's no problem. There's no, there's no obstructed view. You'll see fine. You won't need to binoculars. It's great. Unfortunately, you know, no bad seats in the house. You mentioned the stockels here in Miami, but I think we all got it from Wayne. He's the biggest one from all along. Sports, sports, can't afford those nice seats in the bottom, man. But just like that, you feel as often as possible. We have an open line in the date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. I want to give them away. I mean, badly, I'm desperate to give them away this hour. I am Jones in to give them away. In fact, I'm never going to do that thing with the ninth collar. Again, I'm not doing that. That's too easy. Because it requires no effort on their part other than to be just dial a number. What do you get to reward for dialing a number? I'm never going to do that again. I'm going to put them through the ringer if you want something earn it. We're not asking it to get on your hands and ease and look anybody's ass. Just asking for a little herbal intercourse here. Very weak. A weak performance that just shocks the heart. Do you believe that? No. No, of course not. I've had a lot of practice with this. There's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Yes, sir. You see a new york with the giant game on Monday for the big Jews in New York. It's very upset. Yeah, it could have done Russia, Sean. There's a mix of the things that they should play the game where there's no Jews. Oh, yeah. Like, say, Cincinnati. Yeah, Cincinnati, Tennessee, Carolina. Yeah, that would be good. Perfect. You know, someplace like that. Right. And, you know, the old Jews are very upset. You think that they're going to put the, They're God first or football first. Oh, definitely. The giant fans will be there. They'll be there. Yep. Okay. I don't need to take it. I think God bless you. How do you like that? They got some nerve. Because to show you what a glacier country this is. They're playing a football game. A Monday night game on Russia, Sean, a boy that is unacceptable. I mean, next thing they're going to be wearing their york aside. Saddle over to the other. They're over there for. Hey, do you know what I'm saying? Let's show a little bit of God damn respect out there. What you're pleased? You know, this building of column. If they don't get him off of there, I'm going to start getting really upset. How do you do that? We think what's been done is right. Get him off my air. Now this Yahoo from Florida. Is there any other kind? No, Jesus. Get him off that screen. He's just on there. He's been hogging his things since he's over. Hagen does is where he is. You're one of those caramel brittle crunch bars and see if he sticks it is in his blackcomb piping spokesman. Here's a Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to line up. Are you doing? Okay. I just got back from Buffalo. Uh-huh. I just want to know what's going on. Okay. We have an overnight in Boehr. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, Ponte 5, 6 to the, uh, Mobile one line. I just got back from Buffalo. I want to go on. Not too much, bro. Let's go to a homestead. Hello. A new. Yes, sir. What's going on? You got cookie robber's on channel 10. Don't want one, man. We've got lunch coming. I don't want to see your health. You might puke. President testimony on tape is going to come out. No kidding. I just got through and given to that 25 minutes ago. We had it right here as it happened, but thank you very much. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, and guess what? The President had a bomb movement. Not necessarily today, but sometime this guy's called to give us a bulletin. They're releasing the tapes in the other 2400 pages. Surf you'd been listening to your radio, which is the important thing. Forget about cookie Roberts. Forget about those Goiam at Channel 10. Get with the program. We have these people very poorly potty-trained. I'll tell you that. Man, here's Miami, hello. Miami? Yes, I'm calling. I want to cause number there. There's not a okay. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, Roy. Yeah. A big fan of yours, Neil, but I have a question for you. You're obviously a vocal critic of organized religion. Correct? Yes. Okay. But you continue to wear the marmalook when you're on the radio station. Why is that? Because it's a joke. Oh, we're not this way, but I don't get the joke then. You don't get the joke? No. You don't get the joke that it looks silly. You don't understand the point? Yeah, you get it. Get out of here. Goi. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. He doesn't get it. That's a problem with this down. They don't get it. You have to hold up a billboard. You see this? I've got it over my light here. Like I've got my glasses falling down my post. Is that got something to do with religion? No. Can't I add it here already? Will you? Gotta explain them. Not only. Well, I mean, just different things that you can't see. Can't you just see? How are we doing? Yes, yes, it is. There's a lot of different things that's in a mothonic order. Yeah. Like mumbly. Oh, yeah. Why is that? Well, and you do that like blood oath that you take? Well, the thing is, there's something there. Yeah. Are you a member of the trial-adorable commission? Because if so, we're going to have to trace this call. I understand what you're saying. Yeah, right. That's right. That's right in the manual. That's always the response. I don't understand what you're saying. Is that what Nixon said? I can't recall. I don't understand what you're saying. Not not. We're trusting this call. We trace it. Oh, good. Sir? Okay. Yeah. I'm listening. No, what I'm saying is, what are you saying? I don't know. I don't know where you're getting your information from. I'm asking you how did you come up with it? How do I come up with what? What, what you think? I've done shows on the amazing. I've seen your secret book there. Your secret handbook. I know all the ins and outs of that. You know that that book. It is actually a mothonic book. I know. Because it's just right on the cover. It says, this is the MS. You know what that means, sir? All right. What I'm saying? Did you know what that means? What I'm saying today and put something on it. Yeah. So what's the point? What's the point? A lot of people are in the free loads of technology. How can we try to put a life of no, no, no, just a life of no rocks? Yeah. Is it? Okay. And what that means is that that person's life? First of all, there's no blacks allowed the mason's anyway. So you're giving me a bunch of balone or you're not a mason. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I'm gonna be brought 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pile 5, 60 on a mobile one line. That was great. I was going, man. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I could have we got to cut that trouble. We're nearly as entertaining. Yeah. We'd be in a mason. Yeah, right. We'd be believing, yeah. I think you've been watching too much curry mason. Okay. I'll see you out there on the Della Street. C-2-A-A. Look at him spick. Big, they're talking about being like a war woman. These secret hearings that they haven't been disclosed towards the Hout-U-D-S-U-E-Commity. Being like a war room and a cycle place. And it's all partisan and they're screaming and yelling and carrying on. And hey, they're gonna give it their best shot again. Pride last Friday. Mort didn't shake the pulse. Didn't move it one ounce on the Richter scale. And the President's job performance. In fact, most of the pulse went up a pointer too. During the week. So now this is their last best gas. If we can just show his true pulse, his true colors and show him. I was in public last night. And there was a lady like a middle lady's little bit older than me. I would say. Trubby. See, like a nice lady. And she was in line there. Oh, go ahead. How are you, Neil Rogers? That said fine. And then, she was in front of me. So she checks out, she turns back and says, Give that Clinton hell. And I thought to myself, yeah, okay. Whatever you say. So that'll be really sing these tapes shortly. And if you didn't have enough to keep it busy last weekend with a 145-page Kenneth Star Report, now we got the President on a video. And we got 2,400 pages more good stuff. Here's, and then, first part, like a lot of these democratic congressmen are saying right now that are forming at the mouth. They haven't even read most of it yet. They haven't had a chance to look at the tape. They haven't read most of the stuff. But a couple of guys sat down with a, with a crayola and a magic mark. It's all golden there. I knocked this out and this out. It's a little too important graphic. And then they're making judgments for it. That's great. So the witch hunt continues and thank God I'm getting out of here. I'm going to have my passport in my hand. Real tight. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Very close. Have a great vacation. And we're going to miss you. Thank you so much. And you remember the late and the raken years when the white house was over the Republicans and the post houses was controlled by Republicans. There were persistent rumors that Frank Sinatra was pointing at the raken. Well, of course. And anybody that pursued that story was a crush. And they didn't want anybody to know about this. No, no scandal with the White House. Right. Yeah. All the Sinatra books that's in there. Pardon me? All of you. Sinatra books that stories in there. Yeah, I read a couple of them. What I could never understand is that having to even go in to how we could put this in the country. That's probably as I said. We're starting to feel in his later years. Yeah. Anyway, have a great holiday. Thanks a lot. Bye. We have an open line at Howard 560. What we've got in Washington right now is a political bloodbath that's going on. That's what we have right now. And if you think you've seen the last of the outing of people with Henry Hide and that pitch from Idaho, the Cheneau with woman at the Helen Cheneau with and the Dan Burton, you ain't seen nothing yet. Because Ken Star, he's had a platter problem. He's been leaking all over the day in place. He needs a colossally bag now. He's leaking so much. And of a current that depends. And so now everybody else is going to be leaking all over the day in place. And hey, what are we worrying about? And how's the market reacting to this latest announcement by the way? I have a feeling I already know. Let me take a peak at 275 here on CNBC. Downtown. That's not doing too much. It's not doing too much until it's going to be just like last Friday. Remember? It kind of like hovered for a little while and hovered. And then after the report came out, it went zooming up a when up like 180 points I think. Because they said, well, who the hell's going to care about this? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, a young Catholic pothead here. I went to Columbus High School, but I didn't get molested. All right, yo, you're the one. Yeah, I didn't get molested though, but I got a couple things to see on the internet. And things regarding that more on that call about the frat. Frat's just kids that eat friends and pay money for friends. That's right. A very good point, yo. And regarding Sosa, do the fact that we live in a super racist ass country. Basically, they don't want to see the most, you know, prolific record in all of baseball history broken by a really, really dark thing. It wasn't bad enough when Henry Aaron, you know, like you're in broke favorite, slight time over in record. A lot of people were a little bent out of it, especially in Atlanta of all places. You know, they don't want to see a super dark, big break direct. Right. That's what all comes down to the top. I think you're right. But another thing is that he was given all the press to McGuire. He wanted McGuire to be in the line like he wanted kind of a back seat. Yeah. And regarding the president, you know, whatever the president is a good guy, you've got needs. And I'm disappointed that he picked such a fat slut. Yeah, exactly. And he doesn't smoke a better brand of cigar like from next. Yeah, you know, or I least feel it with some weed. Yeah. There you go. But hey, what are you going to do? Hey, thanks Neil. Okay, pal. We have an open line in date, 560, 550, 550, 680. By the way, George, I'll be doing this show next week. I'll be on vacation. So be sure and bring your bonk. That's going to be the slogan, D.Y.O.B. Bring your own bonk for the show next week. Okay, George, I'll be here propagandizing. I wouldn't be surprised if Norma Kent calls in every day, given plugs for the normal people. The National Organization for the Reform of Weed laws. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. Neil. Yes, sir. All right, did they great show? Okay. Got two things short. Garin Tee, the Clinton ship back to Arkansas. Garin Tee. I'm not even putting out a asshole on the air. Same jacket. Like I said, call up one of the gambling shows. Okay. You haven't got 25,000. You haven't got 25 cents. You haven't got two nickels to rub together. Okay. You're pony asshole. Go back wherever you came from. Garin, don't call this show ever again. You're boring. You're terminal. I'd rather talk to Rimmer than you. Okay. And he's terminal. He's, oh, God. Good guy. Boring. My good friend, Rimmer. Boring. Where we going? I mean, what did he tell us before when he called? We didn't already know. And I have been doing a great job of promoting the big hockey fast data, Mar from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. And telling you a lot of good things like free admission and free parking. Half price on all the food which I didn't know until I just read that thing in a paper. How do you like that? Half price on all the food. You'll be able to sample all the good, all the different stuff. They're going to have it all the different stands there. Which I'm positive would be about up there in that crap. And I'm your rena. I mean, if they were dropping, uh, if they were dropping doggy, logs, it would be better than the stuff of the mommy arena. In fact, that was my favorite standard to mommy arena was the doggy log stand. 23 till 1 at 5.6 p.m. I like piece and quiet. And I don't need to listen to Bernie Fagg, Bernie Frank, hanging in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on. All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks isn't all this established rule but during national frummer do we? National frummer do we clean our horn and share it far car dancing, cheek to cheek is fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't and I'm in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all your folks. It's American as apple pie but during national frummer do we? National frummer do we? New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's Betty Shee. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews butter. National frummer do we? National frummer do we? National everyone smile at one and another week. The nice two people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear. It grateful that it doesn't last all year. We go like time and perfect for this competition. It's a political blood bath. Now, party, phag is on your foaming at the mouth. At least I think that looks like foam on his lips. Exactly. And he's talented like it is. He says they're not even coming up with any plan. He's really researched the set of all they do in there. He's seen how many votes they got and got the votes to be public. And they're just going to release as much as they can to try to manipulate public opinion. And of course the grand jury testimony is all one sided because there's no cross examination. It's all Ken Star and his henchmen. I interrogated the president and he went in for my very partisan standpoint. We listen to certain answers and to embarrass him humiliating the grid and bring down it. So this is a real good weekend to be leaving us country. I'll tell you that. I'll be wearing for whatever money I got left after the market crashes. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Where's the? I wanted to talk to you. I'm with the minicoon. Yeah. And me and my dad agree. I'm sorry. I think my guires are man. I don't see any race through them. At least not yet. What was that mean? What was that mean? Well, I disagree with you. I kind of agree with Hank. I think that McGuire broke the record and Sammy's chasing to get the record. Well, what do you mean he's chasing? Aren't they both tied though? They both have 63? Well, known meal. Well, yeah, they are. At this point, they have 63, but McGuire is the one that actually broke the Roger Maris' record. They both broke that. That's the one we did get the same thing. I don't hang up on the other. You're going to like it, but I'm sorry. That's the way me and my dad are not letting me see anything. You're not letting me see anything. I just want you to hang up. Why not? Because. I'm a nice guy. I don't want anything. I don't want anything. I just want to talk to you. I'm just telling you, the record was 61. Wait, if I want 61. It doesn't make any difference who got their first. We're not talking about who's believing right now. What should happen to be tied, which makes your argument even more species. And the less meaningful. The fact is they broke the existing record. I think the record will go through the argument. Well, there's nothing to argue about. And then when Sammy broke the same record. If the record for a run into mile was four minutes. And two guys on the same day ran in 355. Whatever. But it wasn't on the same day, Neil. It doesn't make any, you're not listening to me. It doesn't make any difference who broke it. First, they both broke the existing record. Well, we have our own opinion. And then it's not an opinion. It's a matter of fact that, you know, the tummy that you're from the Dominican Republic. I don't think they'll go through like that. Get out of here, blow it out your ass. Just don't hang up on me. We have an open line in the day, five, six, seven, five, six, the and the mobile one line. Brilliant call pal. Yeah, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're. This guy the only, the closest he's been to the Dominican Republic is rub it up against some of those cheeky to bananas in the fruit standard publics. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Long time, Mr. Love the show. I'm right. I got a little story for you. Real quick. I just got the horse about four months ago. Yeah, what, Henry, are I ran off with your wife? Yeah, right. I just turned 30 years old. So I didn't see no action about a month and a half. Yeah. So if the one already got to another, I take this girl out last night. We've got a lot of soul. I've found some serious money on dinner and drinks and whatnot. Yeah. The weather was pretty crappy last night. So I get her to truck back to her house. Uh-huh. So she goes, come on in. So you know, I said, okay, fine. We're sitting on the couch, she jumped on me. Dr. Taken made me. Yeah. Now we're kissing the board. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She says, come in to silly bitch. She goes, oh, I'm sorry. I can't do nothing with you on the first day. Don't want you to think I'm a slut. There you go. After she fills me up and everything. Well, thank God there's still one up standing young lady out there. Huh? Oh, she uses a slut. We have an open line in Broward, 567. Do you know a lot of people out there screw it around on the first day? That's the American fucking way. Amen. Fancy Broward's like the one that says, That's the American fucking way. In fact, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Lannocid yesterday. For the first time this decade, more than half of America's high school students are just saying, No, to sex. How do you like that? Nancy Reagan was ahead of her time. Whether it's drugs, whether it's sex, whether it's fish food, whatever it is. Good, just say, no. There you go. And as to if they had ever had sexual intercourse, 52% of those surveyed in 1997 said, No, compared to 46% in 1991. I do like that. 16% of students that they had sex with four more partners, down from 19% in 1991. It's set over, et cetera, and so on. On and on, it goes about fish and about girls and about boys. And this one, and that one. And a few 50, the condom uses up a little bit. We're supposed to be excited about that. Where the hell is the thing about the condoms? It's in here just one moment please. Just relax. Can't find it. It was in here. God dammit. Oh, ask that they used the condom last time they had sex. 57% of the students said yes, compared with 46% in 1991. That's still pretty weak. That's just a little bit more than half. That means that 43% of these kids are out there dip in your dipstick without any protection. And we know about these girls out there. These sluts walking a disease carriers. In fact, the 70s high school girls, they hold up these sizes. Climbing is my middle name. There's a lady mobile and curl spring, hello. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I just want to tell you, these guys that are calling you. They're complete idiots. Haven't they ever heard of STS? It's like small penis syndrome? Uh-huh. They've got it. They have nothing to say. They're out there. They're problems. Like I thought with his phony steroids, father and don't hang up on me. Don't hang up on me. Oh, please. I'll play. But while we're on the subject of sex, I really need to know because I do listen to your show. And I know that you're gay and all that good stuff. Yeah. But what is your opinion on drag claims? And that sort of thing. You don't really say much. What is my opinion of it? I find them totally uninteresting and embarrassing. Okay. All right. Unfortunately, the heterosexual majority likes to use drag queens as a stereotype. And hey, look at this. We're talking about a bunch of lady guys. Yeah, it's true. I don't see what's entertaining about drag queens. I mean, to each of us all, if you like that, fine. I just see nothing entertaining about it. Do you? I think their funny is hell personal. Okay. You know, okay. I don't just just funny to watch. One lies in Manelli and one Barbara Streisand and one Joan Crawford. That's enough for me. We don't need 500 of them. Oh, God. Anyway, well, I appreciate you talking to me. And have a great day. Thank you. Bye. Happy new year to all our Jewish friends out there. Oh, God. In fact, that would be a good idea. This is the year you whip off the beanie. Oh, no. Not on the high holidays, man. Are you crazy? Woo! Don't take away our beanie. This would be a good year to get that Mazza off-gram. I was door. Yeah, over her dead body. That's right. Just trying to take that Mazza off the door frame. That'll be the end of you. The grandmothers will be on the phone with the attorney. So if that changes in her will, you wouldn't know what hit you in the post. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. You also forgot Julie Andrews and Julie Garland. No, Judy Garland, yeah. So you forgot Judy Garland and speaking of girls. I saw the Leo de Caprile pictures yesterday. In Playgirl. And it's just a bracket. No big deal. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. In Bouch up. Sweetie. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, pound 560, on the mobile one line. Not a question to whether it's big, whether it's shaped like a hook. And that's not the point. Leo de Caprile is a sexist sexist is a fruit fly. Okay. On underlining the first part of that is in fruit fly. In fact, I must have his pantalones. He's got what they call a fruit fly. But he don't convince those young girls out there because they're very emotional. And I'll work up into a heavy sweat and foaming it them out. And the president said it tasted pretty good. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hey, Leo, how you doing? Okay, sir. I love those thoughts. I want to talk to you about the Panthers. I thought interview yesterday. And one of the Panthers said that the reasons they played so bad on offense are having off story on defense was because they were concentrating on offense so much. Well, they didn't say that. That's a lot of baloney. This is not a team that scored a lot of goals. They had a lot of trouble scoring goals. That's a saddest dude. That's a win. I don't know what they're going to do this year. If they concentrate on their defense and they're going to play better or something. Or they're off. I don't know if he spends was pretty weak last year. But they only problem is their goal-tending is weaker this year than it was last year. Right. But what do you think they're going to do to improve their offense? I mean, they said they concentrate on their offense last year. They're not. They're not. I mean, maybe Terry Murray's got a magic stick that he can bring Dave Gagne back to life. And would you have another big year in Cosloville, Blossom in score 40 or 50 goals? Maybe. And maybe Melonville come back and speed up to about two miles and I don't know what history is scoring. I don't see a lot. Right. I agree with you. I get thought. I see Whitney in Cosloville and maybe Gagne. That's about it. Right. I agree to. I'll see you out there at the game. Did you still have the tickets or? Which ones? The Dolphin ticket? Yes sir. You want them? Yeah. Hang on. There you go. I wasn't very exciting, but nevertheless, I'm lying to give the guy the other pair of Dolphins dealer tickets and then a little while will draw for the hockey tickets. And then we'll look at all this stuff we're killing today and have it a nice lunch to top it all off from Tony's good stuff, Tony. Whatever his name is, Brad. How come I'm having a mind that I guess Jeff Cohen does want me to remember what their name is over there. Because he gets real nervous when we start like, well, you know, Jeff Cohen is great. Pizza loft is great. We love me. He's a great sponsor. Good friend. Little kinky. But I mean, you know, Jeff's not the only guy in the world. It's got a little bit of good food. We got chuck over there at the sub center. We love Chuck, don't we? Uh-huh. And NECY, we love NECY. What you don't spit in my food? You bet. 12, what's that going to start? 12.55 at fucking QA. But Neil Rogers should have fought Lauderdale. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. We all set land and throw them the foul. And we dying on deep bright spotted out. We love to fling the dirt and the campaign. We pray a lot of church about who to next the smudge. And remember only users at the spray. Just the hell is on attack. He hates the night sky because it's black. And all the Jones is our new poster day. We saw the elves above. All the seven blood drips, clubs. And I think that the pattern was his name. We're laying away, Rogers. And NECY. We find a portion, clenax, half. We relax the dough. We're mostly white. And sperm retention. Here's our big bag, is it? We're all across. We lean way rise. Yeah. And we all again to rest the same. And hate the case. And cheese, the same. And fear the things that we don't understand. Richard makes him what's like us. Well, it's face could stop the fuss. So I think we all should give our the dick a hand. The 996 will be in swing. And beat the dance like a rod making. We'll dump the red and blue just keep the white. A left limb of saddest strings. Just don't let this near your place. And hope there's no more books for him to rise. We lean way rise. And need a case. We find a portion, clenax, half. Then we relax the dough. We're mostly white. And sperm retention. Here's our big bag, is it a cost-release word rise? Okay, it's 103 to 56. Sorry, just finishing lunch. Nice going, Brad. Outstanding. What you haven't veiled the best in the cities when I heard. That's what, uh, what's his name said? Salots are newly crispy. And my closky. Here's a propano, hello. Propano. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got you a plane. Yeah, I've been trying to call you for about two hours. But now I go like all whoever the boobies and answer your phone says, uh, I say I can I like to talk to you if you said no, clenax. That's like it. He caught me stealing ticket. Now I really wanted that. I'm good, good mode, George. Excellent. See, he's psychic. You know you were a butt plug. We have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the 182-Wallest line. He knew you were shameless free loader right now for this. Say, excellent job. George, I'm going to show all the week next week. And let's hope that Joe has learned a little bit and is nasty and right into the Colors, too. Because that's the icing here with my finger on the off button, even before I take one. Because I am anticipating, because I've been around a block a few times. I'm anticipating what kind of swirl is waiting there on the other end of the line. Like this guy who wants his dealer ticket. And by the way, they're not stealer tickets. They're dolphin stealer tickets. Okay, probably some stealer fan. Like I said, really nice going. Excellent. Congratulations to it. Oh, his Barney Fag again. Crank this thing up. I want to hear what he's got. He's got to say. Come on, Barney. Not two with pants, the process of fact-binding. We know coach that today to figure out how to do fact-binding in the movie world before. Not in any way, unfortunately, to decide what is a vision of picture boat. We accomplished a lot. Or this is just a little bit harder. They scared us out. They scared us out. They scared us out. They don't hit me high off of there. They're all the wife's dealer. They're all the flandering adulterer. Lyr. Oh, but it was a long time ago. It was just a kid. He was only 41. He was only 41, just a young greenhorn. What behind the years is only 41. When he's lined up this woman and saying that he's not married. And he steals disguise. Wife is poor. A Fred's not grasped up there in a woman hellie is in western. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I got a question for you. I'm a subject. And happy holiday to you. And the same user. Thank you. What is a Jewish person to do around the Holy Day? It's that they don't belong to a country. And they want to get in and try. They don't let you in if you don't have a ticket. And if you're a gentile, you walk into any church in South Florida. No one bothers you. Yeah. Around the Holy Day, they don't come up with a cash by those tickets. Well, because it's a business, don't you understand? It's a business. Jews don't have any of these TV shows on there with the 800 numbers. They've got to try and squeeze the outside of your somehow. So they make it a business in high Holy Days. It's a disgrace. Well, it's a... It shows you what it's all about. It's a bunch of bullcraft. As soon as it starts costing you money, if we'll even somebody else's religion, anybody's religion, then you know what's a business, not a religion. Well, let me ask you this. You know, a lot of places to go. I mean, it's a silly dog anywhere in South Florida. That will gladly allow a Jewish person into a not a vote on vote number. Oh. That's a good answer. Good luck to you, sir. Good luck. Stay at home and read your prayer book. I won't cost you time. I will, hot dog. No, no. I don't hang out with a doctor. He's going to be having special worships on a prayer service here on Monday for those people like to discuss. It's so good. You're so good. God, we're going to praise you. God, good God, that's good. But I beat, but I beat. But I'm out. Yeah. Give me a fricking break, okay? Yeah. We can go to heaven so we can all praise God for eternity. Oh, God. Good. You're good. So what else is though? You're good. Yeah. Come up with a new one over now. You're good. You're great. You're wonderful. What the hell are we doing up here? Where's the filter fish? Where's now? You're good. When is lunch already? I'll guarantee you one thing. There's no rascal house in heaven. You're not real problems. You got real tourists coming. All you old Jews waiting to go up and see God in heaven. So you ought to care what anybody tells you. Jews don't believe in heaven and hell on those bubble micees. That's the one thing. I mean, yes, the Jews did it at the Old Testament. That's very sad. And all those old fairy tales. But any jeweler believes in heaven or hell is really a goi in drag. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I already did that. Great. You got to get my mission stuff in my car. Oh, nice. Yeah, I know. I think the operative term that you're looking for, maybe with the social aguair thing, is both your path. The record. And I think the warrior broke the record. They both broke it. No, no, no, they're not your paths. They're both your paths. And now they're tied to the record. Yeah. I think I was very, very simple. And I'm not going to say it again. Because that guy just an old job provocateur. They both broke the existing record. They both broke it. Exactly. You have to say it. Okay, I'm going to say it. Nice day. It's your practice. But, I mean, but I'm open about here. We go that's the number one hobby with this audience on that. But, I mean, but I'm open about, but I mean, but I'm open up with the name with that. A name for it. Smehmantical nitpicking. I thought that the Clinton was the one that was supposed to be doing all of that. That's what we keep here. And now they're a bunch of copycats, a semethical, a dittlers out there. They both broke the record. Okay. The record was 61. They both got more than 61. They both wrote a record. What a tough concept. That is to figure out. It's a very difficult. God, let's do the drug for the hockey tickets after we do this break. For my hockey tickets. For the first game ever and in history of the macaroon in sunrise, the exhibition game the Panthers and they Bruins a week from Sunday the 27th which we will mail out to you immediately. If you need some cash, if you just a little bit. It's changing the rules. Well, that's funny. This is what makes it so ridiculous. They start out. Why did they even waste their time in the beginning talking about it? It's going to be fair and we have to be very judicious about the way we do this and we have to examine all the evidence. It took them less than a week to go into a feeding frenzy now. In a hysterical closed door session, a wild barn burning partisan thing now. They're releasing the other written stuff and the tapes. They're going to get the Paula Jones tape and they're going to release that because they're trying to put out this enormous amount of material. Hoping against hope that it's going to turn the public against this president. Make him look like a fool. And I hate to break the news to you. But I think it's going to blow up in our post. Of course it is because they're all about yourself right. Just hypocrites. And you know something the guy who said that this was that was Alan Dershwitz is the first guy who used this term sexual McCarthyism. He was absolutely correct. Said out in McCarthyism. The witch hunts have begun baby without it out because first of all I would prefer to have somebody who's got a little ball. There's a little shady running our country and doing things for it. Then some boy scout who's totally repressive and who gets people to the right. Exactly. Exactly. So I mean we'll song for you. Yeah. A little thing for the past here. Okay. And he I L R O G E R S The very best. Oh, sure. Okay. See you. See you. See you far full. There's far full. Do it as thisly spot. See I just mentioned far full the other day. This guy's doing a far full song. Little bit beyond beyond you before your time. Most of you. That's okay. So what do we figure out there was Danny O Day? Alan O Day. Did it undercover? Here you go. Yeah. And okay. Thank you Henry. We have an open line of two light. They're all gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump. While I was lying. What was that? Oh, that was Henry. It was serious. Did you call back to real Henry? Henry. What did you say the guy's name was? Then I give the old Herman. Oh, sorry. Wrong name. Nice try. Hank, whoever the hell you are. Oh, that was Hank. About that. But I don't forget Hank's going to be here. Where? Oh, we got this thing. What do I do with that thing? God, this is so bad. You know, this damn studio. This is a horse. This is a joke. Hank said the east side pub, the one who showed us afternoon. And then we got talking baseball with Josh D and Donnie B. And Donnie and Marie. And the Marlins and the Mets at seven o'clock in a very, very big game for the Mets. And everybody talks about the cubs they're doing great. But the Mets are one of the, um, not talked about that much unbelievable stories of this baseball season for those who care. You care? No, I think it's pretty interesting. We have an open line in, uh, date county 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the 18 to the line. There seems to be a, so Rob Kaplan super yent there from Wami says to me just only moments to go. Well, what happens when you go on vacation? Who knows where you are? How do we get in touch with you? I said for what? Oh, well, if we need to get in touch with you. That's exactly the reason you don't know how to get in touch with me because I don't want to hear from you. Okay. There's nothing if something gigantic happens. If the president resigns and they drop a nuclear weapon on rolling north, Carolina. It'll be on the news. Okay. It'll be right there on CNN International. Right in my hotel room. If my dog has oozy bloody stools like Roy Foster, I can wait till I come back home to find out about it. Okay. If by some chance Rob and Dave put together a show that's edited well and really goes over gets more than a one share. Then I can wait till I find out to get back. You know, and I'm not holding my breath. You notice how they don't even bring us the numbers at all anymore? squiggly lines. Guaranteed. And then Barry Jackass is writing about one of the great to have the marlins on there because they got like a 0.5 for all their nighttime shows on a whammy. And how desperate they are. You talk about desperate Barry Jackass. Just go look at the mirror. Put's. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey Bob from excitement. I haven't talked in a while. How you doing? Okay. I heard about that book you're reading. Ain't nobody's business if you do. Yeah. I don't know if you remember. I don't know if you ever got it. I sent you a hard cover or to graph by the author copy of it for Khanica about two or three years ago. Really? Yeah. I don't know if you ever got it right. But I thought for sure if anybody would enjoy that book it would be you. That is the greatest book in the universe. You're right. Well, it's it seemed awful for me. You're maybe I actually read it once before. I kids were reading again. I don't know. Yes. Please read that book and start spying about it on there. That book reeks of common sense. And therefore nothing will ever happen out of it. Exactly. It is incredible what that book says. What that book tells it will be an enlightening experience for you. Excuse me. It is excellent. And are you there? I'm here. Oh, I thought I wasn't right here. I'm on my cell phone. What they're doing with all the strip clubs and everything and zoning them out now, zoning them out of business. All has to do with what's in that book. Don't you understand that sex we can't let people have sex that's terrible thing. This is the most hypocritical society. Next thing I know the president's going to be having sex. Yeah. These mean municipalities are circumventing the constitution. They're overstepping their powers and they're putting decent business people out of business. Well, this is a matter of being better. Get used to it. It's not going to get any better. Okay. Have a great day. Enjoy that book and tell everybody to read it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. See you. Get out of here. We have an open line in Broward 560505060 release at 9 a.m. on Monday. We just got the word right now. The Clinton video tape testimony will be released at 9 a.m. On the morning. You're going to have to wait all weekend long. And then even as a slap in a face to the Jews, how do you like this? Oh, I wish you're sure to release a pornographic video that even Ron Jeremy would be embarrassed by. Who happens to be very Jewish by the way and also double-join it. Okay. Where are we going? We're going to, I'm not what's this one. What's 72 questions marks again? Hello. Yes. Any of your first of all, I love your show. And second of all, Monica Lewinsky, one word, gold taker. It is so obvious that this woman was up to this all along. Who is going to keep a dress for all this time and not wash it? You have to be the biggest pig. The biggest slut. The biggest cat's bag. Right. She's a bicycle bitch. I mean, I don't know. She's crazy. That's a warning to all you guys out there in radio land. Beware of the cycle bitch. Any of them will often have a second. Okay. We have an open line in date 560505060 on the AT&T world. There are no more effing tickets. Okay. I got no more goddamn tickets. You got it. They're gone. Man, all manner shepherds. No more doffed tickets, panthers tickets, traffic tickets. No more tickets. Okay. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I read the train every day with these right wing religious fascists. They thought they always are talking about how Thomas Jefferson was the greatest non-planoring president we have ever had. Non-planoring. And when you made that, you read something the other day about how he was screwing around in Europe and all that. Where did you read that? What is that call? What is that call? What is that call? What is that call? What is that? We love to get that. I would love to find out where that was originally made so could show these guys because they think that this guy, they're dating. So let me ask you this. What difference does it make to you what they think? What do you want to say? Well, I like to carry my end of it to these guys because they, you know, they get on a train. They're popping up and down and they're reading their mind. Yeah, a lot. And so was, tell him, so was Thomas Jefferson. Ever ran George Jefferson too, you better watch out for him. Okay. Maybe somebody knows where that exactly came from off the internet because it was great. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the 18T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I'm through the Bahamas. I've been listening to you show a week. My friend from over here, you know, hopefully on tour, then it's real nice. You know, I like it very much. No, when I go back to the Bahamas, I'm going to tour into 560. Yeah. My friend has been telling me about a, a girl that you play. I like, I like to hear it about the big black guy named Ben. Okay. You got it. Thank you. Neil on the back. See you, man. Okay. We have an open line in date 567 isn't that sad, huh? Isn't that sad? Just as it just as a little parting gift before I go away in vacation. Not going to put you on Jack has to take a shower. You want to go with the eyes. Oh, they're already showing together. Yeah, but how about using some soap or your friend, you're going to drop it? We have an open line in date one in Broward 560, 560 on the 18T Wireless line. How's sad? How pathetic? God, Almighty, how can you, you live that many years and never even get a semblance of a life, not even a little teeny tiny one. Even I got a little teeny tiny one. Where are we going? Are we going anywhere? We just, I'm taking a while. We're going to do let's do the break while we're thinking about it. Because I have to take care of lots of important business people I get out of here today. That was a real good lot, but I'm going to tell you a few things you have calling is really effective in that department. I am going to tell you I'm going to be flying down that hallway in a couple of minutes. Making a beeline. In fact, let's play the big black guy named Ben plus the 10 of our other favorite. Oh, no kidding, Sherlock. 25 till 2. I'm going to stake upstairs. Then I just get through doing this. I was in our, not, but that's okay. Okay, 45 minutes. Yeah, nice going. You know what I mean? We don't want to get her up. So she'll start pitching to that to try that new sales consultant upstairs. You pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You're the one from the car mother. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You're the one from the car mother. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just. You'd have worked from the car mother. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. I got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is Hades and I create. There have been a lot of car sets. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. I've heard it word from the car mother. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better at night. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-B-Y. And instead of bringing this. You're here at this. I've heard it word from the car mother. Oh my god. Brad down there at Tony's your food is great, but I'm going to tell you. Don't anybody there's going to be an evacuation from this building any minute. Going to make sure. The fact Joe tells I got you beat by 10 miles Mr. And I have no idea what kind of bombs you were dropping in there earlier. Only what George described. Put a bit in the category with what I dropped. Listen, when you drop it and then you go running out screaming because it's well so bad. Then you know. And you're thinking please don't let anybody else come near this room at least for like 2-3 hours. So let's smoke clear so to speak. Oh, woo! So I feel like I just had a high-clonic. And lunch at the same time. Nice going. There's going Tony, Brad whatever your name is. Wow. Why is it that the, I don't get it. And it's the only two. Every time we go to Washington, we are like doing the ghost step back to the hotel. Just praying that I make it back in time. Talk about tight cheats, man. Even Mussolini never had cheats that tight. Let's go to a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You'll got it. Yes sir. Have a great time on your vacancy. Thank you I will. Just wanted to say I'm pretty impressed with QAM hiring a Barney Frank to do your budget car commercial. And also I thought, I don't know if I'm standing in for Elmer Fud on those comedy bits. Exactly. Chris Rock on HBO is talking about Thomas Jefferson. And the female play has gone well. I've just finished growing you. Now I've got to pull your car. You're right. That's what the bird used to say too. I said I'll pull my own car. Get out of here. Oh geez. You know that the cubs have a fair name Glenn Allen Hill. They do. Who's very big, a big black guy named Glenn Allen Hill. I thought he was living in Lakeland. Here's the call from Nassau, Mon. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm calling to your show. I listen all those daily. I love it. I promise you highly. You are one of the very few bird cats in your country. Tell this like it is. You have some other balls. They have big balls. May my doctor said. Keep a great way. Enjoy your vacation. Thank you so much. He's role of newspaper over there and have a one hell of a good time. That's why he's like a man. We have an open line in date 5. 6. I'm telling you, that was a traumatic intestinal experience. I don't want to get to graphic because I realize that you're sensitive about that. Wow. I noticed that everybody that had lunch, also lying down. He thought it was a real evacuation. Believe me, it was a real evacuation. Believe me when I said it. They should have a fire drill for that one. Here's a lady mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. I have just something to tell the talk about something. Okay. I have an important listen to the show about the fight. What is it? What did he talk about? What was he talking about? I have no idea. People call it up after a very polite, very close and poor. I'm not talking about that. You're brought to a beautiful. I mean, you know if he wanted to talk to see nothing, he should help him. I want to thank you in the front, honey. He answered the question. What is his purpose? What is one purpose? I think he did. Where you thought the fact of him to be a great entertainer? He don't care about force. He knows that force is boring. Don't be not in my good buddy, Mad Dog. He's a little bit down because me, she got the rask kick by a bunch of little girls from Syracuse. The orange men. You'd be all better shaped to a fierce girl with a little pussy. Like me, she's again. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. He's wondering Monica Lewin's deep. Did he work the thing? Oh, yeah. She's just an intern. She can't afford a whole wardrobe, but he won. What do you want that for? I was wondering. I was wondering if all the things run the same dress or did she follow something. There was only one thing, sir, and she did not swallow. She's Jewish. She did swallow. That's the problem. That's the problem. She would have swallowed the evidence. Then we wouldn't have this problem. Okay, it was the mess on the dress. And nobody is talking about that. Without the mess on the dress and the DNA, there would be none of this. But this all behind us as managed would say. Were you fudge packed? See what I mean? We could put it behind us. But at the same time, we got that goddamn DNA. And we didn't think buried, drecking all those people in the OG. That's where this really started. Big time is the OG crab. With the DNA. Oh, my God. We got here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. How you doing? Great. I got three things for you. I hope you have a good vacation. My mom's a father from Paris instead of the weather was beautiful. The first thing is that, you know, I don't know if you read the first page of the sunset, and I missed the bus. I've been listening to you for a year now all day. But there was a lady who would try to take her kids to celebrate Roger Schumm. She is not a current member of a temple. And they wanted to charge her a hundred bucks. Longest of us. They heard the answer. But because you couldn't afford it, you have some pictures. They reduced it. You really didn't have the money. They turned it down. No discounts only at the Adelaide. No discounts in Seoul. You can't get a discount at ticket to have it. I'm sorry. You've got to pay the full price. I'm telling you what you're living in debt. Longest of us. The second thing is that down the city that worked in Florida is all closed. That was Texas. Yeah. Worked place I've ever been. Yahoo and right wing. Oh, everywhere. They don't like it too much. They're what plants. Sunday night football was all week. This restaurant. They got 30 TV's in the restaurant. They didn't even put the football game on. And number three. Building monitor. The last thing that anybody wants to see here in the country that won't even put sexual intercourse on nighttime television. But yeah. Well, that's going on. The president is all these videos. All of this is put the stuff coming out. We're going to have a great day. We're going to have a great day. It's still more than a one. That's what very Jack guy said. He said he put something on their like sports. Because very likes to look at those naked guys with their jogs. That's what's heard very Jack. 12 minutes before two at five. Time of the weekend. Wake up everybody. We're going to be a member. One. Each or corn is hand. That took you three days. We'll look up going on. Hey, we hear you. You really enjoyed the poem by the truck driver this morning. Oh man. One of them will be for Chicago and then. Yeah, like the army, right? The first team weekday morning. Six to ten. Five sixty. Two eight. Oh, sorry about that. So Neil split. So it's just going to be music. Here's all these people coming in here. Thanks for shutting all the pots off. I like I do plenty of them in here. Right. That show. You are. I like the song about. I'm about to weigh our American hearts. I'm about to digest. About that special feeling we get in our tacos vines. Maybe all the tacos. Maybe in the subcontinent area. Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the chippy. Maybe even in the pollen. We don't know. Well, I'm just too afraid you would show it. With a regular job. I'm your average white. It's a bourbon ice. I like football. For no. What's about war? I got an average house. With an ice hardwood floor. My wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my table. And a cute little cigar. But sometimes I'm just. Can't enough. To keep a man like me. I know. I know. I've got to go out and have fun. It's someone else's experience. Whoa yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. I try really slow. In the old for past lane. Well people behind me are going in my city. I'm gonna throw you away. I wanna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. Sometimes I'm in the and the gap is spacious. Well and the gap is people making the gap is spacious. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. Baby I should be singing this song. Ranting and raving and caring. Baby they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. Come on. You know what I'm gonna do? I wanna get myself a 1967 panel at Yoderadoff incredible. I think with a Wales in the hot champs and all other cow and carrier and thing round baby sea lions red headlines. But I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. I'm gonna throw you home. And some more air from time to go, yours are awesome. Let's put them around here. Hey !! Hey !! Hey !! Hey !! Everybody ! So ready now !! Where its all coming? I told you ! Dwar  ! Oh god !! Where's all this power ? dead live  Who is this ? Proud? I'm proud of it hey What ? It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk over here, let me shut the TV. There's 20,000 assholes in an asshole from the native. Step aside, good people, let's have some great. We've got the assholes for freedom, the asshole for mine. Assholes for Jesus, the asshole for gun. Assholes for justice, the asshole for crime. Assholes for asshole, the asshole for all crime. If it's a fucking thing, it's a fucking thing. You've got assholes making money for making all the rules. You're making a lot of jobs with everyone in the past two. Assholes on water, asshole for the sky. Assholes for justice, the asshole for the sky. Assholes for justice, the asshole for all crime. O teach your own, you tell me, I really made you hate. My gun was whammy, my just another man. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. Assholes get the orders, and asshole wrote a vote. Assholes get elected, cause assholes get the vote. I want to start a sin, that'll asshole never die. They just leave me, you know, keep lying. Assholes in the morning, asshole never die. Assholes left, assholes to the grave. Assholes, asshole, asshole for the night. Assholes get the side, good people, asshole for all crime.