They had the tape saw when I was talking about that goddamn pat at Poppetal Park. And I just sat there, we living the whole experience. I was screaming at the set, yes, right, keep saying it! But he ain't three-four. And I know there people saying, well, you know what he meant to do? I'm making a big deal because it was a big deal in my life. Because that moment, that's no second of my life, just open up a whole new outlook on everything in this goddamn place. What do you need three-four? How about give me a hundred, okay? I got a hundred of my best personal friends going to come. We're all going to squeeze into our little box. How do you like that, babe? Just give me as many one dumb as I love that. It was a beautiful thing. So thank you so much, Pat. Whoever had you are. By the way, speaking of the far right, how come we're not hearing anything about Dan Burton? I mean, yeah, but I'll rub the damn thing from Indiana. Who's up there, Katie? First, it wasn't either one of the bubbles of scumbag. That's why I love that song. And that one of my favorite bubbles of scumbag. But seriously, he calls the president of the US a scumbag a few weeks ago. And then he's trying to put that bull by Janet, we know in jail. And all of a sudden we find out over the weekend, it was very little about this. That Dan Burton had a child out of withlock in the early 80s. He has a teenage son that nobody knew about. And then he's not the hoods but a come out there and say they are over the weekend. Well, the reason that I'm addressing this now is because, of course, since I'm investigating somebody else that actually, that's the reason that this came to the front. That's right. And all you other funny right wingers out there, including noot, mice doing all the other ones, they're going to be out in two for all their little pecker-dillows that they're doing. And you notice how everybody is running panicking out, including a Daniel Patrick Moynihan with the abat manlips and only other, they are joker lips. All these people just have been in their pants because now they're finding out that the star report is going to be really racing. It's going to have air read detail. And haven't they been saying all along? It's not about sex. He's out there been saying, but guess what? It is about sex. And she's doing with the cigar in there doing this in the limo over here. What the hell kind of report is that? And that's why they're all running away from this thing like he's got leprosy and paulsy and very, very at the same guy damn time. Because he was screwing around. And the rest of the world continues laughing around so far. How about that mark McGuire? And you know, I've discovered that every, I read three more articles over the weekend. Negative about that, Andrew. Every single woman was written by a woman. And what are they talking about here next door in here? And they're sales department. We allowed. Are they being re-allowed and leaked coulors office again? Are they in denial again and they're about to fact that they talk to guy damn loud while you ain't here trying to do a radio show? Yes, they are. Take it out in the hallway, okay? Take it over to Power 96. They'll put you on here. They'll audition you. Take it over to Sheridan Street. Double give you a goddamn show. They'll put you on doing tags on the spot. If you're selling it. God, are they louder over there? What's that was our scene about Mark McWarny, Andrew? What are these women know about? You only have all these steroid ridden feminist bull by women. They're the ones you know about taking good steroids. But all these women want to pee on a parade. You pee on you on a suite art, but it was great. Just missed the estimate. We didn't get a moment time to see the homer, but I saw the replay. And there was number 61. And one surprise me at all. If number 62 is coming out there tonight eight o'clock in Cardinals in the, uh, cubs. Long before nothing to happen for us, frank voted the safety number of public and we're getting connected Our andЙ SKYMPARK. Mark, you are pouring guy oven, nice going. And no. Take it away Joe Joe box set at best on Saturday, you're in the telecast and a chill AM grows okay. baseball boy's OK only in put ball. And the IOC international lipca asp him to east, even All wait till I tell you with the real story about Jesus. Ten minutes after I'm telling you it's a credit for laying in. Burn the bloody bitches. I saw Jesus out of the blue. All right. I saw him out. I pop up those dirt into sea. He's a rocker. All right. All my friends. Think of us. And now we have to read their bar. Here all the time. All the things. All the stink of all the. All the. All the. All in my saving green. So I left it on my feet. Where the went to where. I looked like the church and I was fired. Into the street. Driving home. I was all alone. Thinking someone's playing tricks on me. But in the rear view mirror. I could think of Jesus. There is back at me. And I saw Jesus. And I was all alone. I saw him out. My path up those dirt into sea. And he might fall. All my friends. Think of us. And now we have to read their bar. All the. All the stink of all the. All the. All the. All the. All the. All the. All the. All. All the. All. All. All. All. All. All. A soul is making it in the shadows, but first guard Oh yes, I saw him on the surface Oh, I love all, yeah, everybody I saw Jesus, I was deep, oh, I love all I saw him on the surface, there is a secret Even if I had a heart, a heart, a heart All my friends think I'm much Down to the red day far All the eyes of Jesus All the sins of all the love To the mission of God And we are in two minutes if you're listening, you ought to be ashamed and embarrassed I mean, I'm not ashamed and embarrassed, Michigan State, I'll walk for the second week in a row Because it's a girl's football team, we know that Respect to lose But Michigan, that he's talking to try to come up I saw that Michigan Notre Dame game, really Enough of it to make me sick Saturday And it finally dawned on me since I mean, nobody can tackle That bad even little girls can tackle better than me, you can But that fixes in And it dawned on me finally that the shroud of terrain is for real It's just been misinterpreted Don't you understand what Jesus is saying? That's why all these football players pray to Jesus He's beginning to football The shrouded terrain, what Jesus doing? He's got his arms up like this Touchdown That's right, why do you think like that? That's right, why do you think when they go back I like the flutty through that great Hail Mary The end of the game, BC and Miami years ago That's going to the flutty To let your field go kick or sucks up there in Buffalo Touchdown, Jesus Yeah, that's what they call it Notre Dame Touchdown, Jesus Oh, he's back to the road It's a Hail Mary And Notre Dame wins another goddamn gift You know something I'm going to tell you this Because it pisses me off, here's a national network NBC The Notre Dame network What is that? What is that all about? I mean there are universities that have their own television Network within like you know, within the state But a national network carrying Notre Dame on here And Dick and Berg that misery if I hear that Dick one more time You know, I used to like him years ago When he wasn't didn't have such a big swell head like your rose But he's everywhere just too much He's over saturated enough with Dick already, okay? He was good once upon a time Dick and Berg But too much Dick even had too much God, I can't stand him The voice of Notre Dame Touchdown, Jesus So here's a facts from Gurk, George did do a pretty good job And he's steps of not using the dump button With the effort, well, George did use the dump button But it wasn't working Because they had some technical problems here yesterday Wow, what a concept Oh, this one, I'm not this is that the scrony Little writing, okay, wouldn't waste my time This is the one that doesn't know whether he hates me or loves me or Yeah, no, just chronic chronic We're looking for a facts and look at his phone here We got one call on there, it's got 10 questions mark on it That show yesterday must have made an impact like you wouldn't believe So forget about the calls right now, got more important stuff More important fish to fry Get my car here on Friday at noon heading for the airport To get to a lot of this God for a second place for a long weekend Get all the way to I-95 And I make my turn on the I-95 This has to do with cars and computers Whatever happened the good old days when we didn't have computers and cars See, the first bad experience I had with a computer in a car was back in Chicago several years ago When we went up there to do our show from Murphy's bleachers across from Riggley Field And we had at the Ritz Carlton hotel in Chicago We had rented that why the, how they gave me that big Jew could away That big continental And there's four of us in noon one day getting ready to go to Riggley Field The old ballpark And at the hotel I get my Lincoln continental And in fact we went up into the parking garage brought it down there The front and there's four of us in the car my friend Dave There's a Cheryl Ricken and her former husband, Mitch Wing Ricken Whatever his name is and we're gonna wait for him And I pull out To take off I hit the gas and now the computer decides Okay, pulse rattle, finger, let's go Don't you remember that you weren't there that year? No, I was not, I was down And if I worked for it in fact you can go I'm telling you right now seeing it and I left my mark In Chicago right there on the killer I'm a big pillar in the middle of the parking area And if we're in the middle of that pillar because you go right out of the street There were hundreds of people walking I would have killed all of us and all of them Because of the computer in the car So anyway I'm heading out to the airport here on Friday Hit the eye and I think if I have to make my turn All of a sudden I hear these bells The thing being big, I'm believing And I see that in all of a sudden I feel like all the power Is like gone out of upper under my foot There's like nothing and it says flashing on my computer Reduced engine power and I thought oh no, no, no, no, crap What an understanding that that is? Isn't no engine power? As in now I'm coasting Now luckily I'm in the right hand lane So I pull over you know and off the shoulder there Just barely getting on the expressway And I'm wondering what and there's all these lights All these warning lights but I'm being but I'm going to bells ringing And I'm sitting there and of course my luck I don't have my cell phone and I've car I left it in the red car and like a schmuck that I am I don't have that so I'm sitting there and my life is flashing before my eyes I'm going to miss the damn plane We're going to have a you know stay here to hold in a weekend Which is a faith worth in death So I reach over Turn off the ignition and I thought to myself well what the hell can I do? Give it a shot Turn it on starts right up And the check engine light is on But all the other stuff has gone no more bells no more puking And there I go Not God would okay off to the erases No problem Come back yesterday getting a car even a check engine light is finally gone History everything's fine I get home I look at my owner's manual The check engine light is on with some kind of a I should have brought the thing in emissions Problem eggs who cares about emissions? I'm driving to work this morning there's a diesel truck for now You can't even see where you're going it's for now so much damn oil And I'm worried about emissions Not turn or otherwise I mean what the we talking about here and then well and I'm trying to figure out what the hell That means reduced engine power and you know what I'm saying to myself at this point I will never ever drive that car again except the dealer to trade it in You know how that is? Maybe it's only me but when you lose confidence in a car Other a couple weeks ago the lights came out Maybe it's breaking system check it is and there was nothing wrong with the ABS brakes But the lights came on and then like later on the same day they went out So my computer was starting to have like little parts all over the place And what disturbs me it keeps bringing back the memory to me of doing your computer locks in And all of a sudden it locks in the accelerator and by the big you just and you can't stop the car Like happening me that one time in Chicago with that big continental Which I should have sued their ass because plenty of people have told me the old one you know a Ford's got a problem with that many Condnettles we've heard about yeah, that's great That's great you're going 80 where you want to or not So it just has to do you lose confidence in a particular car because you have a feeling that you know it's got very few miles on it It's time to say goodbye to the silver ninety seven. See you have a nice life Okay, let's take our solo call here and Davy with the ten question marks. Anyhow you're doing. Okay sir. Didn't need a pro back. Oh God I came back here after a wonderful holiday weekend and there's Ron with prosa and that's it. That's a medley of our call Well George wants to a continue is going to do another three and a half hours today because obviously the impact was so tremendous yesterday There was no call on the board here today Is it real is it memory access it takes us at George and of course today being the day after Labor day. This is like Monday What the hell am I thinking about I'm thinking it's Tuesday. I escaped Monday Today's Monday. The only calendar says it's Tuesday five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line is there anybody A lie about there who is like broken down on the side of the road today What the hell was that this morning? Why do only want to I saw this is the gods on us true. This is the Yeah, honest truth. I saw more wrecks more broken down cars this morning And it's only like a half hour twenty five minutes from my house to work here Then I've seen all summer long all summer long put together. I saw more geeks and more problems in more wrecks this morning It's the full moon it's something in the year the markets up 282 points Here's a mobile in parkland hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. All right. Yes, I'm yesterday George happened to be a Gary and lightning show I'm like the day three and I'm not a gorilla and I'm a Jew from Parkland. Yeah, even the Jews like them. How do you like that? Oh, my second on the car the L. 2 GM cars. They haven't have a derivative and I have a Jimmy right every time Tell me drive my wife Jimmy I step into breaks the interlock breaks like comes on everything into the dealer They look at it there's nothing wrong. They'll plug the batteries or reset itself. I drive it as a dealer I stop of course it comes on again. They don't know what you're doing. I get my suburban. I am driving it. My check engine light comes on. I get different North Carolina and I brought it to the other there and they're like oh, it's the altitude You know and the jet see altitude. Yeah, they don't like your altitude. That was exactly right So it was on this thing. This was reduced engine power and it's like I got my foot to the floor and I think it just coasting off onto the shoulder And thank God I was on a shoulder because I had no power not reduced power no power because the computer decided that something was wrong Which was not right. How do you like that? Exactly have a great day pal God bless you. Here's one that says bring back the bird. Thank you Ralph Am I a loser? Is that a yes or an oh, Jordan? I'm going to back to the county there. What? Greg's back to the opposite of that. Greg read No, the other chronic and Greg from boint and beats now off there and wherever the hell he is We don't want to hear from chronics. We want to hear from real listeners out there not chronics who think that their amateur program directors like both a blind and time show Van. We don't give a crap about that. We want to hear from like the real meeting potatoes that we already inside there Not a bunch of self appointed amateur program directors like that. God damn little balls headed bulk of Brian 1026 at 560 W. K. You know there's nothing is important your business is your copy machine. You need to copy You want to see your mother ever tell you that you were the best and brightest. You need your father ever tell you that if you put your mind to it You could accomplish anything you want. Did your older sister ever come home from college crying or eyes out because the world was unfair And she was stuck in a rut. Well, she was the old person your family that wasn't the old balance the world is tough And chances are you aren't the best for the brightest and when you put your mind to things you still come up short To get ahead in this world you need to cheap lie steel or get breast implants You need every little edge you can get in this rat race you call life this message bought to you by the society of realists who would like to remind you that a BJ is in a bad way To apply for a new job 30 at 560 W. K. The facts is our pouring in like one at a time here 305 65019 is our facts number Because we know it is the first day after Labor Day and it's like a Monday to a lot of units of good excuse Here's what love Georgia's for our better than tates another views of what another views Spanish whatever it means What what does that say for Del Castro I'll bring it at cancer out of somebody named Castro so get that out of here quick Here's another you antimicomic doctor Dr Mark George getting great personal regards Dr Mark self-cade Dr Mark life Georgia ego I've much rather here the live-public unsurcom sized stick than those damn tapes Just as a note by a gringo of beer was a great concept that in a call where George was talking about female color about how she wouldn't look at him was if he wasn't on a radio was good radio He did what so many hosts for get to to act like an actual person like a real goddamn human being like a little Whatever he is he's no joy rentals are greggly after there's still time for him There's another one George with the G in George with the J great show yesterday I'm a Julio that does not speak any Spanish. Oh, thank God for that Julio. We love you. We love you Carlos Tell me all I said welcome back and one is his next vacation very soon by the way Carlos And it goes on and on they're pouring in here So that goes to show you a bluff lens. You know absolutely nothing. Oh, wouldn't it be good if we just had him set up some excerpts and introduce You know that that could be the dumbest thing anybody has ever said to me in his business not been in the business It's been a year I mean that's gotta be so freaking dumb touch down Jesus. All right. Let's hear it. I'm telling you man It's just don't let me do that. I leave it to me to figure out that goddamn shroud of terrain I wonder if they threw a Hail Maryford or not we have an open line in Broward five six. Oh, five six seven Oh five six the owner of the numbers. I've been away for three days and pound five sixty on the mobile one line See now I feel like oh sure. I want to take a nice three day weekend. Sure. I'll cut this pot you to the show. That's the way it is Just give me the goddamn money. That's all Where we go and here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hey George it show your thing great. Yeah, especially when he was ripping into a few of them boy Who you doesn't speak no Spanish? Yeah, I love it. All right. Hey Man, it's Madsock. They caught him the key. Wow. One now talking all that garbage Oh my god, you know something I see I've seen little girls five and six year old girls tackle better than Michigan man. They blow Michigan Okay Yeah, I think managed to be laying out for a few weeks now after that performance by the Wolverines by the little wolfies There are Saturday against Notre Dame and touchdown Jesus Man, do I get so psychotic when Notre Dame wins it anything if they went like a pinoco game. I get pissed off Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line And of course you notice when they're over in the sidelines and they have the coaches on a and the phone usually It's with a coaching staff upstairs. This is with the Vatican. They have the special red phone the bad phone the Pope is on a phone He's not too happy with that second down call by the way. Here's a sunrise. Hello Sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I need you. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. I got a new one I've heard. Get a motor vehicle. It did the same thing about four times really and basically what finally they told me it's a dealership That what you need to do is crank down the gas cap when you fill up Crank down jazz cap. Yeah, it's a pressurized fuel system and it gets in a different reading effect That's that is in tighten down. You know something I think that probably is it because I had I had just filled up the tank like the 94 And that might be it and maybe you did it at the full service and the guy didn't crank it down or I didn't do it. I never knew full service. I did my odd pump my own so to speak Well, I did that a couple of times and you just got to crank it down because you know I'm right here. I did more by tower enough Yeah, because there was nothing wrong with the car because how to help could I driven all the way from I've dairy road to the airport and then back home now yesterday If there'd been any even like you know, I'm checking all the I'm checking everything the oil and I'm checking the Temperature every possible thing this you have there's any problem is I'm driving under because they don't want to damage the engine, but there was nothing wrong with it Yeah, crank down the gas cap. What a crank to it. Okay. Thanks. What a crank to it there you go. There's a guy that saw my problem or off the bed. I'm ready to trade in my car just because I had to put a crank to it Crank it down tight baby. That's the way to do it Two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty Pomp five sixty on a mobile one line you don't have to feel compelled to call in say that you like George better than the tapes But I sure hope you do but let's give a give us an honest analization here those tapes suck get rid of the tapes Never what it's so time consuming for him that to make those and it's always dated I'm talking about stuff that happened a hundred years ago by the way did I mention that Kevin week sucks. Oh, I didn't mention that yet Did I oh? His agent is holding out Kevin weeks and Brian Murray's really pissed off. You know the said part of this whole deal is Because being in Toronto over the weekend. By the way, a mercenary line is great. Oh, thank God for mercenary lines I love them the food is great their flights are great. I love a mercenary line We had a lady pilot by the way going up there. Have you ever had a lady cup of Donald? Yes, very good Only she was talking too loud on either. I mean, I know they can't tell how loud it's coming over usually the problem was You're a captain dinner four to four about it and you can't understand what they're saying usually that's the deal But she was so loud, but she was very good So some of my old sexist views in fact, maybe if that the Swiss air I shouldn't say that But he you know a lot of people now saying that he screwed up. You're not supposed to say that about you know these experience pilots But they're saying that when you have smoke or any kind of fire on board You don't get around it like you know take it as nonchalantly as he did and circle around and start dumping fuel If you're gonna take a dump back to dump you take And they're saying that even though he was like only 30 miles from Halifax that still he could have if he descended like what is say like 5000 feet per minute for six minutes he could have done it and Even with a heavy load in fact, I was reading over the weekend that it's safer to crash even on a runway on cement that it is on the water Because of the way the water like Whatever whatever the hell it is the way it makes contact with these aluminum shell of the aircraft down But at any rate to late now, I guess we have two open lines in date and of course people are saying well, you know after you're read about that Aren't you a little bit nervous when you get up there and fly any plant? No So air can I know you're on strike and we hope he'll aim gets her job back real soon We love her in our friends at air Canada, but you know hey that American Airlines is a pretty damn good two open lines in date 560550 in the food we didn't have no of the sea wolf. We didn't have no mahi mahi We had damn good two good meals on air in American Airlines nice gone guys Instead of that direct they serve on air Canada Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes, sir. I yeah You'll before I get the George I want to tell you this Saturday I was just for something to listen to and I was in the car Worrying I was listening to Desertious Tennessee game on QAM Right past your building on 441 couldn't hear as long as it's not coming out of the studio There's no crackling though chicken no nothing has found great Yeah, what if it means long that's not coming out of the studio. I want with that have anything to do with the signal I guess because it was west with one I don't know if it's found it fun though I mean you know it's breaking up so battle 441 now. I can't hear yeah I can't hear it's on 441. That's by intent Saturday, it was fun But it was a football game that was anything Our purchase would do a lot better if they could hear it's on 441 because most of the audiences right by those gun shops Yeah, probably so yeah Okay, thank you sir. Thank you. Okay, so far to unanimous we don't have one person now. Come on. It can't have been that good. Okay I'm sure he did a fine job and it was my idea in the first place and I've done the light of the hit But there's got to be somebody out there some cryptic guys. Oh he really sucked okay something like that just to we don't get a big swelting like Joe Rose Daylines are white open 5 670 560 look at that We just passed the 300 mark the dowel is up 302 points and then as the X 72 Yeah, let's get it up there about 7800 points and then sell everything and then just calm down Okay, then just sit back and relax and laugh it You know speaking of money Lorenzo Here's a Boston hello Yes, sir. Hi good morning Collin to beat up on the South Florida fans. Yeah, I'm a dog fan up here in Boston Which is the old on the game high is night by the way, huh? What that? I said nice game last night. Yeah Actually, I was reading the the article and the Miami held this morning. You still 5,000 tickets available You know the dolphins are the only mild key team and the NFL it doesn't sell out Yeah, you know Buffalo is crappy as they are buffalo's got all their games already sold out this year Yeah, you just pulled up for the jacks and go wait So you can get I'm 3000 miles away. Why wait with the problem down this is this sports town? You know that what do you mean? Come in here. You know it's not Pretty thick. You know I wonder how come the newspapers here didn't have the attendance You know you event like all these other schools they beat up on a girl school again Saturday East Tennessee state I wonder how come they didn't put the attendance? What was in there in New Orangeville? We were very interested to see how many showed up and they're too embarrassed to put the attendance in there because the only time It's a real big football town is if a number one a team is winning here begin or number two The opponent happened to be like a marquee, you know like Florida or Notre Dame or something You know you have a stadium like they said to my team they're gonna lose that You're gonna lose what team to do for them? Yeah, okay, yeah, you're them complaining that everybody down they complain about their singer and the mile wins And I'm a red socks fan. I've got a hundred years without a championship I don't weak feel we don't complain like that I don't show up for the girls I'm a The red socks took the field last night and your people are sent away park food the crap out of them So I have two satellite dishes. I don't miss a thing they booed the crap out Finally came from behind they you know pulled it out there David Wells is lost at a season by the way What a guy here I didn't treat a red sock though the red socks can't show up when the red socks are bad They tell them how bad they are because that's a sports town. You don't have to tell me that That's right. Well, I can check it, huh? Okay, try to get the Patriots a win-a-game. Well, yeah, okay. Yeah, they did they just the same old crap You know blood so he's confused he's wasting all his time out. It's same old crap with him every year We have an open line see these people think that the other guys They know the sports experts I see more sports in one day than most of these guys See in two weeks all these guys that fat that talk a big game that we're talking about Open line and date one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the mobile one line Here's Carl Spring. Hello Morning, yes, sir. I have a new civilian. I have the same problem. I took it to the dealer Yeah, and I left the gas cap off at the gas station. I don't like that. It's a gas cap thing yeah And here and here this lightest flash. You know, I could have gotten killed in his damn thing because of the computer Reduced engine power what about if I was in the middle lane there going like 70 miles an hour and all of a sudden It decides reduced engine power. I can't even accelerate Well, the computer in your car has a memory and take it to the dealer and the memory will re-back what the problem was I think my computer's got Alzheimer's probably I think I got a Ronnie Reagan computer And I say something about Georgia, sir. He was downright Almost brilliant. Tell me his monologue yesterday was just great Always great and then anybody can get alcohol steaming calling them up and tell you how great he is I he has my admiration. I want to tell you I got a tape. I'm the only person in the world who has a video tape made by El Goldstein personally for me How to put how to stick the key in his apartment door and Amsterdam and open the door And I'm gonna tell you it's a production of this thing probably up for three Academy Awards Well, I'll did something for George that he wouldn't do for you. What's that you offered him women? Yeah. Oh, he's tried that with me. All right Have a great day, pal. Yeah This is this is on the heels of Albenen here a couple of days ago playing grab ass with me. I you know, I shower ten times when I left here that day Oh God don't take it personally. I lost you want to and he and as you saw how fatty was on his tape This and this tape was only what? a couple weeks ago was the end of August He has put on a course row. She must be feeding him and feeding him. It is just bulking him. I'm getting ready for the You know what I'm saying two open lines in date one in Broward 560 560 Pomp 560 on the mobile one line Mobile in Miami, hello Neil yes, I listen to the entire show yesterday I give George 9 1 1 2 1 Wow, it was it was great You know, and you know, he wasn't doing the professional sticks stuff and a lot of crap talk about you know You know, you didn't have any of the chronic songs. You know, we all can't be like the bird But he didn't have any of the chronic songs And you know, he had a lot of reasonable stuff to say Hey, it was great. You know those tapes, you know the tape you know you can only hear You know back from Hurricane Andrew so many times right and you know George did a hell of a job Excellent. All right Thank you All right, I have a good short said the checks in the mail. All right. Thank you How do you like that the verdict is almost unanimous this audience doesn't want any part of goddamn best of tapes Worst of tapes tape replays. I don't give a crap who it is they suck they absolutely positively suck And except for those rare occasions when we both have to be on the case of the same time And I still say if they'd bring in at what's his name we get a 99 sure Lenny Lenny I can't I've got a mental block now. I'm proud like that computer. I've blocked it out of my mind. Lenny Markins I'm gonna tell you if we could it for I we look Mudge it right a car realize it's a trade-out, but obviously it's a sponsor We love them somebody's getting the car to drive from there great We don't want to say nothing bad. They never restore free train, but the tag on that spot if we could just somehow get a tape of the tag on that spot I would be willing to pay serious money Joe Costella for I got that tag That is the most unbelievable thing I have I he makes Robert creeper. So I like Walter Kronke Like Eric Severide like Westbrook van Voorhees I have never heard where do they find these people what planet what banana boat do they drag these people in out of Lenny market In New New England you know you believe what what what is this man saying? He can't even speak to say hello and they got him recording spots to put on a radio Oh my god that thing I tell you I just want to do all kinds of numbers in my pants one two and three and I've even figured out what three is yet We have two open lines in day one in Broward 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes sir. Yeah first time listening first time listening. Yeah That look correct. I just heard you make it by the Boston fans Gotta cut that out. I don't know my I'm a New England fan in Miami and I get a little crack. I made about the Boston fan I said they booed the red socks when they came out. They did and they did They did yeah, did you see the game my time? I got a game last night and And where I just want to know why I think you guys ever sell out of the goddamn game here We do sell out games once in a while with they were like win three four five and a row don't don't You're not arguing with me. This is the most bogus sports town in a world. I know that Or you would somebody wants to argue with you, okay? Not bad not forgot the New York fans for fan and I don't know that's not a sports show Go how one of the sports shows call Hank this afternoon. He'll hang up on you in two seconds We have an open line in day one in Broward 560 560 560 on a mobile one Go back to Fenway Park okay go back and shoot pigeons with Ted Williams in Fenway Park on your day off Get out of our face. You know now all of a sudden we got Boston fans They finally want a game to have been choking like a goddamn accordion. It's like their famous for Toronto has been what were they 150 games behind them with about two weeks ago and all of a sudden Boston loses every day until they finally pull the game out last night And all of a sudden they're talking about big crap, okay? Boston's a real city. It's in fact Boston What a coincidence. I have From American Express the travel and leisure the big thick one the annual one where they have a poll of their 10,000 readers A people are travel all over the world and we know what the world is all about as opposed to most of you who never go more than 10 blocks from home And this year's top 25 cities in the world which Boston is number 20. Don't see Miami on there No, where don't see any Florida cities on there nowhere The top 25 cities in the world based on attractions culture people value and restaurants and Boston is number 20 Which you're lucky Chicago? I'll give you to listen to minute Three of them by the way more than three of them like a bunch of more like an Australian New Zealand Well, it may be great down there, but who the hell uh, you know who can afford 10 weeks to fly down there? By the time you get there, it's time to turn around and come back. Oh Yeah, those Boston fans we had great okay, and at the mean time you lost your game last night It was the same old tired stuff. I'm pulling for the patriots and they know same old tired baloney Nice field girl kicking to there by the way If there's anybody out here in this audience can kick up all more than 15 yards like on a straight line You're signed up immediately Same with the bills there here little dog floaty comes out there on Sunday little dog floaty man I love dog floaty because of that hail Mary touchdown Jesus that hail Mary through against to her cones years ago I'll never forget that as long as I live for BC Comes in there two touchdown passes for the bills He leads him down the field gets him in field roll position and Steve Christie who blew an easy field goal early in the game He blows it wide again. You saw he pulled it. He was pulling it in the football too I think low Christie could have done a better job in Steve Christie kicking at field rolls. They blow another big one unbelievable Part of the con the ongoing and continuing American tribute to mediocrity of pan-guys lot of money who can't do squat 10 57 and 560 Oh I Do These I Fix Don't give him no With the boss like me, he's got a great deal free food and a brand new set of wheels If you got the balls to give a look call just you never that he won't take your crap These George George They by reading his clearest you can be You won't find no keys. Don't give him no you am what do you want? George But he is crit sticks on a little bitch. Oh It's 11.01 at five 60 WQM so here the top 25 cities in the world as voted by the people we travel And leisure the American Express people who got a few bucks and travel around all over the place Number one in the world. What's I never been here and I never will go there is Sydney Sydney, Australia It's the only city to place in the top 10 for every one of the five categories Sydney must be great But good luck to you number two guess what number two in the world is George Answer them names to names now on here. What room? Rome Italy baby Right on the heels of Sydney number two is Roman if the Pope wouldn't be so damn a dictatorial It'll probably be number one Number three which Florence how do you like that two of the top three are in Italy what a concept? Number four San Francisco Number five Melbourne so two of the top five the greatest cities in the world are in Australia Number six Venice, then you know when I've talking florida either by the way Venice Italy three of the greatest six cities in the world are in Italy Mangela Gangebady number seven Paris Followed by Vancouver number nine New York number ten London number 11 Queen's town New Zealand Followed by Toronto number 12 and then Vienna Jerusalem Touch down Jesus 15 Christ church New Zealand boy what a quenella that is we got you Ruslan and Christ church back to back Followed by Chicago C. L number 18 Washington DC New Orleans Boston number 20 Victoria BC Madrid Bangkok can we say that San Miguel de A. N. Day Mexico and Wellington, New Zealand number 25 So three of the top 25 are in New Zealand and two are Australia so if you want it go you want to be where it's really good You got to go down under That's where it's good is down under It's under the table as long as the house knocked on her So there you go the 25 greatest cities in the world Rome and Florence are number two and three I rest my case What happened to Broward okay? What what's going on here? All the Broward line just crap out there on your way to what Sydney 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line They're busy. I'm sorry sorry I came back worth Miami. Hello Yes, sir George was absolutely brilliant brilliant. I'm telling you not just good. He was brilliant You hit her he's right on the head with He was knocking his fellow Spicks this fix you know he couldn't put it in better words. I mean just exactly how most of us think It also Yeah Also you're talking about Doug Flutey. I mean why is everybody got a knock on this guy because he's little little little Little guys always get you know in sports they always they're always putting them down Oh, they can't do this. Yeah, I'll read Whitney's two Barnes. These guys can't play and there are a lot of little guys who are trimming They got big hearts. Yeah, exactly. I mean this guy already played in Canada But he still did good up there. You know he was in these CFL for eight years with the Argonauts He was the player of the year in the league six out of the eight years. How can you beat that? Joe's a gackie the other day. He was well The gackie sucks. Okay, okay, yeah Well anyway, he opened up his big mouth in his opinion all of if a Flutey's got to play this Sunday I guess it Dolphins you can count on the Dolphins win and I swear on the Dolphins fan But I hope they lose this weekend. This is shut down to the gackie For your first of all he's not gonna be starting because this rookie who played terrible I saw most of that game Yes Sunday and The kid is horrible and so the the rookie's gonna start but the Dolphins fan should hope that the the kid is healthy And that's who he doesn't come in again because if Flutey comes in there in trouble I agree even at his age he's 35 years old. He's still mobile He's still a loose of he's still ran for two or three first down. He's a hell of a competitor Let me tell you something you get about George, but I don't know if he's sucking up here But well flirty I mean God, how can he even put him in the same category as a punky little sports geese at night? Because he doesn't know the difference exactly. Okay. Bye. Bye. Have a great day, pal. There you go Yeah, we like putting the kids on here giving them a chance the kids. Yeah, we're not talking about five and ten-year-old kids Okay, though they put on here like that lady Marquez Jesus God and Joseph Two opalines and brod one in date five six seven. Oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T line Mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami Yeah sir, how's it going today buddy? Okay, buddy. I was a flipping the TV other night and I thought George Bush on TV And they was interviewing him or how he lost the election in the first year and then they had the guy who was the special counsel remember when it was um investigating now around I ran what country fair Yeah, well Yeah, and then Then I don't know that they had indictments for them guys right after time of the election and Bush was saying that That the Democrats is messing them up and that's why Clinton is Going through what he's going through and everything like they go, but I don't see it You don't see what this is all payback. This is a payback for that and it's payback for water game You got one of our lives. We're gonna get one of yours. They've been looking to get this guy out since before even got in And then I'd have to special counsel that was a Democrat Special counsel at half the mob Do they feel that Clinton should be opinion it's a no because Compared to our causes can do to that there's one thing is personal So I said you know if you want to if you want to do it. That's this personal life email Okay, no, you take care I'll present it and let's do what's saying good on here You had to much of both crap and I still want to know the media very selective how come we're not here a lot more about Dan Burton this Pious righteous right wing son of a bit from Indiana who's screaming and yelling calling a president of scumbag How come we're not hearing about more about him that father this illegitimate child? While he was married And how come we're not here a lot more about Pat Robertson who had a kid that was you know born ten weeks after they got married What that must have been another touchdown Jesus another a macula conception another miracle You look next time they show you a picture that's right at the end his hands are like straight up in here. It's gonna happen to be being crucified I mean who for crying out a lot better in the world of color touchdown and Jesus? Here's Miami. Hello Miami Hello winners this great how was Toronto? Toronto is great. You get cleaned up? Did I work it cleaned up? Cleaned off never been there though. I've been to Montreal. I would not go there tonight I didn't like it now. Florida is great Toronto's the number 12 greatest city in the world Right point of the people that know something right? Correct is even worse. What is it? Go back is worse than Montreal. Oh, yeah too many frogs. Yes, yeah So George they good okay Even though we picked on a spicy little bit. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. Wait. They deserve it. Okay. Me go. Okay. I'm the chemo fetus. I So where you how come we're not here for many women today? That's pretty unusual off here What do you mean off the year? They don't want to call numbers? What do you mean they don't want to go on a you know? They don't want to go on a you know, that doesn't count. Okay, that doesn't count What kind of a pushy a whipped thing there's that? We got women calling in here off the year. Oh, you will mind the future. Nobody cares about you whispering in unless you're given a phone number Most of you tooled anyway. It's not interested Two open lines in date five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line Still can't get over what a fruitcake. Rob Kappin look like on that thing last night. God. Oh Yes, you can better call me. Oh, he's I mean come on butcher up sweetheart On a chapter 11 at five sixty W QM what have we got going on today anything? We got anybody on here to staff them. Thank you. What's going on? Oh Dean Nothing there. Sorry. Oh schedule Wait to know what's on holiday weekend. I guess Blufflands. He couldn't be bothered sending us over a schedule for later while we're trying to assume Hank is on today from a summer But I'm not sure where the sporting bruise from the sporting bruise because it's Tuesday But we don't have those schedule over here because that's the way it is because Blufflands He probably was on another busmen's holiday. We have two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven Oh five sixty and pump five sixty on the AT&T line the facts are pouring in here's what it's I can't believe Santana formally appears Lee remember those facts is that used to come in from pierce Lee He like real chronic like eight million of them. Thank you so much Santana. Whoever you are your music sucks by the way Here's what it's as George was fine at least he had a show and didn't take request like the bird didn't play their rack He sounded like an adult In other words as opposed to like Some of the kids we have on here here He was no goldie with a squeaky voice or Hank sport option produces that sound like three-year-olds amen Why does the station continue to have kids do the baseball show before the pre-game show with Burke with Boog with Burke? Boog Burke. I'll tell you why because if they haven't a dollar and they have to pay them some real money Why does this station have kids do spots that people pay good money for there? There's a real good question that I've been asking for the last eight months in several odd days since we've been here George was not boring, but could use a little life for future shows my only problem is he's constantly Befear for you is the old man or the old fat man or something like that which is the nicest thing most people say about me Here's another one from Iloia, no less Allen. Dear Uncle Neil. I've your yesterday. However, beware of the eyes of Julio suggest you immediately go out and rent all about e before it's too late Okay Or rent Adam and a Steve before it's too late. Is that what it was? Oh speaking of Adam and Steve what I do with that letter to the editor. Oh, here it is in the hero today Because these newspapers just can't give up on this conversion bull crap. I mean they're obsessed with this And here's a letter from Charles Burr drives with purge and pop it'll be campaign not intolerant Almost sexual activists are trying to shut down the center for reclaiming America's truth in love ad campaign The point is that homosexuals can change Thousands have those who have our thankful that someone offered away out Why is it why is that intolerant or hateful? Seems to be the most decent thing to do the last sentence of this letter seems to be the most well I got news for a Charles Burrgy burgy and pop it'll be purge How about being a decent guy and turning it into a homosexual if homosexuals can become heterosexual Then I'll come heterosexual catch a say, I'm gonna be a homosexual It seems like the decent thing to do asshole You idiot What's the first thing to do? Yeah We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line Anybody ever been in the Sydney, Australia or Melbourne? I mean if it's the greatest city in the world we'd like to find out what those going on there. That's so great Here's a moral table. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, he tuned in yesterday We've seen you had only tuned in for like 20 minutes or so just to check it out and you were glued to it I actually was I was entertained pretty very interesting But you know, he was not gonna try it there about how great my antenna was and seeing it's pretty Montana I think you know anything about football Well, this all this cue from Montana. I think it's so great guys. I want to know his hand I said because it's ski and you know the guy who shot the Capitol they'll go up there because people mind their own business To the yeah People mind their all business just like in Arizona while they're building bombs, yeah Yeah Montana free minute. We've become a loons A bunch of loons live in a bit of a drive used to him part anyway and they all have orange here They look like book shop and they all have orange here. It looks like they've been doing in breeding for about 500 centuries Right, so I thought that might just be some be aware of that. I'll see George that this is always cut out of all the Loans I don't dwell on a but George is biggest problem is that he spent most of his life in Montana North Carolina and Florida So you put that together. I mean now what do you expect? Yeah, he's damaged good He just can't afford to go anywhere. I mean if they were to side of payment You think that'll be different story. Hey. I saw something on Discovery Channel on Sunday night about post office Yeah about tough and all that and they had one piece That one piece where a postal instructor gets called out and a temporary postal delivery guy had dumped his whole sack of meal in a dumpster Yeah, and I was wondering maybe your mail was in there. I wouldn't be surprised. All right. Okay. So I wrote that. Thanks for the good news Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised, but you know something I don't care anymore just like I'll I'm just like Chris Darden said It's I don't give a shit. That's exactly the way I feel I got the email is coming very slowly It's dribbling along in the so far. I know my credit has been ruined yet. It's getting close but not yet Two open lines in date 5 6 705 60 pump I've said I still want some women on here What is with you women? I give you something of substance something specific a very easy question Were you listening when towards was on yesterday? Oh, oh, I guess you don't have an opinion No, certainly you were listening you were glued to that goddamn radio Was it good was it bad was it better than those tapes? Is this something we ought to be doing when Neil goes on vacation? Yes, no, maybe do you have an opinion about anything? God I'd like to they all look with a pattern the track they all ran off together 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line We've been on for an hour 20 minutes not one woman not one Has had the current unless they all hated you like poison as possible Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hey Neil. You're a question. Okay? Has anybody seen manned since the Michigan game? No He's not been around. If he on the air today? No, I don't I don't think so. No, okay? Also, I feel kind of left out that was I was out of town yesterday I would tell you if he was on here if I had a schedule here, but I have no schedule so I can't tell anybody anything Okay, sir. I haven't I didn't get the here George yesterday. I was wanting it to be on a whim Even a couple days. Yeah tomorrow night. It'll be tomorrow night unfortunately is my race track Now I'm not gonna stay home in this to see George Rodriguez. I can see him here from free every day Also, we're gonna get the best of George That's coming out that he's working out of right now. I thank you. Okay Here's the best of George Okay We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump I've 60 on the AT&T wireless line Oh, finally we got a lady on it. Let's put her on right away before she runs away. Hello Lady and my me links I ain't gonna run away. Okay. Good. I listen guest today. Yes, he was great Yeah, he's awesome awesome. Yeah He isn't Neil Rogers better than your your rebund right I was on the way back from least first and I was on the radio on it. It was good. Thank God I Thank you so much Okay, see that was pretty easy That and you don't have to agree. Maybe you thought he sucked yesterday We had anybody who said that George sucked that the tapes are better. Oh, that they don't wish that he would die and nobody die. Look at that What that's a different story Open line in date County 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump I 60 on the AT&T wire We had anybody who's ever been in Sydney, Australia. No, we're gonna get anybody. Oh anybody ever been in Melbourne. I don't mean Florida. I mean like Australia Oh You know something that's probably why those places are so great because the people from down here don't ever go there Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I didn't hear too much of his show yesterday But what I heard he was talking about getting a bunch of tampons and How proud he was if like getting a big box of tampons for his wife and I turned it off Why's that I didn't want to hear that in the hallway while you want to hear about tampons No, it was an interesting so I cut it off. Okay. Do you didn't like it? No, okay? Well, at least you're honest about we we don't want to have a stud upstairs here I didn't hear more I want to hear about a bunch of stupid tampons anyway Maybe it got better. Okay Thanks Come on you got to take a few shots We don't find another one for very massive nervous when they know about their stuff It look don't you understand because I have people have tell me all the top bags whatever and the women are out there That's very funny, but as soon as you say something about women She I hate to break the news to you, but people are people. There's good women. There's bad women. There's smart women There's dumb women and then of course there's pat at the track You wait till the Marnight when I go there tomorrow and I'm gonna say I want 57 program But you need to no no don't ask any questions Ted Snowock said I could have as many as I want I want 16 to I want all you got however many simultaneous programs, but you want them because I'm gonna sell them I'm gonna open up meals this comp program stand instead of two bucks to pop. I'm gonna sell for a buck-up pop Which will cover my losses with a few bucks despair now we're talking But it's true women I guess big I don't know what the excuses maybe they've been conditioned differently or whatever it is But they get very very sensitive when you start picking on any woman even if it is some psychotic bitch But I wasn't picking on them. I wasn't talking about that. I was talking about me This is not about you just because you did one show, Mr. It is not about you yet. Okay. Next week Here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Neil yes, sir. This is one of your all listeners from about eight and ten years ago in two ways Yes, sir, and I just got to last week on that 69 channel On whammy yes, or whammy and found out where you were on flight 60. Oh, thank God. See that whammy comes in good for something Yeah, but I found it out way Huh, you used to have a sidekick by the name of bird and you used to be ranting about Jeff strike roll the time back in the old days Huh, whatever became a view of one of those two Jeff strikeers He's a washed-out-all queen I guess and the bird is the same The bird is the same Another thing I've been sitting these. Oh, and the same as he was I'm one of the guys that have been to Sydney Yes, but only to make connections to go to Brisbane. Oh So I only spent a day in Sydney to me. It was sort of a provincial little town Oh, my national seat little town's pretty big city This was like 20 years ago. Yeah, I have you all night, but how do you know that if you only made connections there? Why was there for a day? I missed the connection I'm away back and I had to spend the night in Sydney So I had a full day in full 24 hours of Sydney right and I walked around check things out It's a nice town to far away from here for me. Oh, yes It's like 24 hours. Oh, no way. It's just a long long way I'm glad to see you back on the dial again. Okay, great and I love you because you don't hold anything sacred. Okay, anything sick and God bless us all right. Have a great day You too see ya. There's a guy that's been Sydney. Thank God for that. We got one he was there for one day said that that was enough We have an open line in Broward 560 560 560 on the 1810. How can they put Sydney above Rome? That's sac religious to me. They don't got no popin Sydney. Maybe that's why they were buffin In fact, if they would chip the damn Pope out of Rome Rome would be number one That's right all the Romans to be running around. We're number one guide dammit Son on number one all but instead of that we got this crappy old guy with a dress and a silly cap How can anybody respect a guy with a silly cap? Oh, oh, you know something Let me quit it will critique George. Okay Because I'm sure the show is great, but you know there's such a thing as being a little too antiseptic So George cleaned up in here. I mean did he clean up in here or did he clean up people had any idea? What you're always bitching about the space to put things will no wonder you had every square inch of that countertop For a crack. Let me ask you something is there anything that I need to have immediately that I can put back in a space you're talking about the answer is no Plus I got this stupid black sheep with a raw aspect there. What am I gonna stick back there? I'm not gonna look at anywhere near that dam thing. I don't even know who's been Abusing that thing over the weekend having their way with it Had a wipe it off for half an hour this one before I finally had the guts to put that back up again on the TV Think I'm just trying to get to write you. I'm about a green schmoth. I don't think I've ever worn this. Oh Man, I feel so Jewish now. Oh, I got a green year. I'm a con now. Let's hear it I'm all set for saying patties day for sure. Voice for circus for Pisa I'm all set for the best of now baby. I got my green schmoth on now. Well, I must forgot about that. Thank you sir It's 11 25 and 5. 6. 19. You In the tradition of the disaster musical come Andrew Lloyd Weber's Jews in the attic the end Frank Dyeries You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans I'm writing all of this down. Don't flush till a Nazis go home I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic the end Frank Dyeries CD available now Oh It's 11 30 and 5 60 WKUM now this we're gonna be able to play this off the death that you just recorded After the next break after the next break. I'm gonna tell you better call all your friends Everybody you know get out the phone books. Just they're calling randomly in the white pages We got the best of letting our kids baby. Oh, oh God By the way Jackie Lee speaking of very exciting things is a go to trial facing charges of harassing train of we had to call on this on Friday The anxious Jackie Lee the pain in the ass Jackie Lee. He's an asshole right The voice of freehold raceway, which he'll be proud to tell you by the way in a real pain in our ass with the postcards and phone calls and you can't get rid of them We'll go on trial today if freehold We're bureau municipal court on charges that he harassed top honest trainer George Anthony with the series of offensive and derice of letters The letters range from crude sexual references to messages mocking Anthony's training career as abilities done were signed or included a return address One picture to 500 pound naked woman and suggested that the woman wanted to have anal at oral sex with Anthony Several others which included words cut out of newspapers pasted on the paper Blasted Anthony is an incompetent trainer and made fun of any setbacks. He had on the racetrack Anthony 48 is nicknamed the king most of the letters mockingly referred to him as the burger king Anthony claims that Lee also signed up for several unwanted credit cards and various book clubs and so on the anxious Jackie Lee He's an asshole exactly Here's a South Miami, hello Hello, yes, sir. Are you Neil? Yes, I am I was listening to you earlier and you had an at a list of cities you were going down 25 up cities travel and leisure It's a 10,000 world travelers the 25 top cities in the world right well, how can I get hold at this? Me and you what well How can I get caught can I get a copy of it? Hey, who buy travel a major at like any of the a new stand? Travel in leisure is September issue A temporary issue If you can't listen to the world's best the war is right on the front of its especially Well, where would this stand be located? Where would this stand be located? My son in the store sitting in Sydney would be good. Yeah Okay, we have two open lines of painter ball spot two open lines in day five six seven Oh five sixty five sixty on the 18 to wireless line It's probably wherever you be standing Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey, you know how you doing okay, sir. Listen up first as far as we're the women are you know that plagiarist This you there Leonardo DiCaprio new picture And it wouldn't really is that there seems from that first flicky was in kind of an underground flickery He's frozen Christopher Lee the damn fact. I can't stand it. Yeah, hey, don't just very told DiCaprio there. Oh, oh Good, what a little screamer that is let me ask you with George have you ever seen George and Joey Reynolds in the same room together What is Joey Reynolds have to do with George? Listen when he gets excited You know his voice goes up like that. Yeah, and I Joey Reynolds, huh, where's Joey? Okay, okay, excellent point. There you go. There's a good shot for you been compared to Joey Reynolds. Oh my god. That's the lowest blow of the wall The lowest blow of the wall Joey Reynolds. I am that him right and George Okay, we have it open line in Brart five six seven five sixty and pump five sixty on the 18 to wireless line Maybe he was getting excited. He was getting emotional. Okay, maybe a fact Joe was in their flash net and we're something what do I know? I know I know what we're going somewhere, but I have no idea where it is. Is there some special reason why not like saying a like Miami, hello Miami Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, George is show yesterday. Yes, he hit it right on the head with all these women Oh, just looking for money And Also he not only ripped his fixie ripped women yesterday. Oh, yeah, oh, no wonder we're not hearing from any women today You probably changed we had a two-share and woman next book right in like a I'm about we're gonna old points. I don't rip one thing change one. Oh, I'm in a way. Yeah, yeah, and If you could play that fun gun, you'd be good. Okay, maybe I will and maybe I won't we'll see we have two open lines in date five six seven Oh five sixty the markets up 243.82 which has very exciting, but was up over 300 before and it's not even noon yet So don't get too excited. Okay, don't get too excited one way or the other Because I'm sick and tired of watching CNBC. I'm sick and tired of air being magazine Air being newspaper article land America's going into crap her rushes in the crap her ages in the crap her We're on the verge of going into crap her Alan Greenspan said this in this one said I can't stand it just give me my money and that's it No more gambling no more gambling with your hard-earned money because that's all at these stocks are and all you stock brokers out there You should hang a chain your heads in the shame and Hang them to Oh, yeah, they're all they're all advised you is they're all experts and we got the bulls in the bears in the bulls and the bear Yeah, it all smells the same okay, just give me my money back. Let me put it in the back at two percent Until my bank was bust here's Kiwis tell him hey Neil yes, sir In the month and Australia last ball of the best trip I ever took really it was terrific once so great about it All right, I was a Sydney Melbourne and Adelaide Adelaide was the pit the Albert and Sydney were great Just setting the people the food the dollar is better than the Canadian dollar If like a dollar 75 you can back for a couple It was just it was just unbelievable it was just unbelievable I've been to wrong three times I've been to Amsterdam a couple of times it was the best time ever had the people were just great. They really they couldn't be friendlier Nobody was uptight about anything it's most tolerant place. It's terrific Similar it's the closest thing to it that I've been to is Vancouver Which is just a great well. I hear nothing but God never been there but I hear it's a win it's a long it's a long trip But the way to do it. I mean you fly a lot. Yeah, I was get frequent flyer miles Uh-huh I flew first class on Quantas with 125,000 miles It was like a died and went to heaven on this flight It was just super and You know if you save up your miles the the air for 13,000 dollars round trip first class 13,000 dollars for a class, but if you go frequent flyer miles it's free right and I mean you just have 13,000 dollars round trip class You can fly the concord from here to Europe for us the man. Well sure you can, but you're going a long way Yeah, and I mean the services great They fly your first class on American or US there out to Los Angeles And then it's Stoppin New Zealand and then on to Melburner Sydney and hit his just just the best just the best I'll tell you one thing American Airlines a one where we got more respect for me this last weekend because they're candid to one on strike Well, you were lucky and I'm gonna tell you American is great. I had forgotten I had nothing but great experiences on American Airlines. You were out to Vancouver weren't you? No, I was not Oh, I thought you went out there a couple years ago. No, I'll go out Oh, you get up there. I'm telling you It is just it's gorgeous the mountains down the water It's a really Man, it says Toronto go to the Vancouver once instead of Toronto instead of Toronto instead of Toronto instead of Toronto the Toronto right Is it in the world look at the rank where the rankings? Where's Toronto where's Vancouver Toronto is number 12 and Cuba is where it houses again? 8 or 9 I think it says is that what I said? I think it's that either Vancouver is number eight you're right American American flight the van crew where you go through town? Dallas and Well George did so well yesterday I think tomorrow sounds like good day If they stand the hotel the Vancouver was a Canadian Pacific hotel right off the center of town And you will have a ball. Okay. I'm on my way. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Okay. Dave County's opening a terrifying 560 50560 No, okay, sir. Hey, you know you mentioned something about five minutes ago about that Individual being charged Unfine letters and every thank you. Yeah, yeah, well, I'm gonna tell you if there was a 500 pound one-man around I think he probably would do oral or an anal sex. I think that probably lemon is the field What do you think? Could be okay number one Gold seems ready Number two. I got to take Detroit over to Ruth will. I don't care what you say. I don't know how to Ruth will be out right Detroit got a BD Troy Okay, now you make you mention the name last week You mentioned band Patrick and that brought back old memories the Phil of death the Eagles Absolutely how about we had bloodlunch at the same time with the shoot these scores well but lunch is still He does the PA you know at the at the a Joel that's right, that's right, but tell me he didn't have the greatest He shoot these scores. No, he did not well. He had one of the best. Hey, he was okay. Yeah I was away and Bruce Martin. Yeah, Ruth was good. No, he was weak. How about her any hardwell? Her name is great. I never understand you know, only hardwell when we're doing a preseason games this year Now that Fox is taken over all these ball games I don't know what that'll happen only hardwell I seem like once in a blue moon in the rest of them they got these other goofballs doing the tiger game He was great. He still is great. He was great. He would have his teeth. All right. How about Dick Burton? How about him? What do you think? One day. I think I still remember when he called the Russian embassy Trying to get a hold of the Prime Minister first off that I was seeing in my pants the guys hilarious Unbelievable and land lastly, but leave I don't know if you know this is your or your a web server. I know I'm a web server. You know I'm sure you go on the internet and look at sites and stuff You know you're gonna have all the sites that have some kind of Christian You know click here You know God calm or a lot of these sites are actually Have been put together by some Christian coalitions and different no Unbelievable really I mean I'd rather keep my kids away from both sites than the poor outside Yeah, because I'm afraid you know we we got the right wingers again trying to use the internet just like they're using the 711 club You know to brainwashed the nation well as soon as I get the message out that we should put that message on the internet that Jesus was just Signalling your touchdown that's a reason as arms are up in here That was it as we get that out so we'll get real like I read the knee with a round with an order day to take part in by the way. I want you to go back to your radio and listen to something Okay, okay, all right and have a great day. Thank you Well with all the attention that rap music has been getting as far as involvement in political issues We thought it would be only fair to have a representative from the rap community join us to tell their aside of the story So with me in the studio now is Bill Clinton's favorite rapper sister soldier good morning sister My god, am I really on the kill? I thought you played all the best hits without the hard rock and rap well that's what they tell me Yeah, well like how can you have the best hits without rap like everybody knows that rap is your only music well It is just so cool like all my girls and go like did you hear the new hammer rat and then I go like No and like they go oh my god really was just a risk into the political god to be did you say black people should take a weekend and kill white people No way like that is so You could not be more wrong good, but what did you say like I don't know I didn't write it all you didn't I'd be any more controversial Like oh my god I'm gonna cover of new thick magazine like none of my friends read newsway They don't wow well, you know you sound different in the radio than you do a press cover to I'm too sure you are totally out in that field with no Really? I just want to be like when the home girl and date a gang member Like they are totally awesome yeah, like I'm not one of those rap guys go front like they go all the way on the first drive by shooting No way like they never fuck the mouth now Well, thanks for being with us sister Timmy record okay, it's like even killer than any breaking heart Covenant still known at five sixty we haven't heard from the dick in a long time heavy and dick pertinuted And now that we're oh and I forgot we're back on a year and four Myers and did you get a call from over there yesterday? No, oh did we get a call from over there today? No, saying that you're back on seven seventy we're so ecstatic to have you back on seven seventy kneel No, did we get any calls about that because we're only on from ten to noon you know we only got eleven and a half minutes to go in four Myers Five six seven that's three oh five five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a eighteen t line It would sure be a moment of they just haven't discovered yet like all of a sudden everybody's gonna wake up Oh, guess what they put kneel back on around seven seventy It'll take like four or five months and by that time they'll have two more letters from David Kate and I'll say oh we better take it off Here's a mobile and louder nail aches along I knew yes sir seven years enough for how yeah, yes Wonderful all those feelings much more beautiful but the fun part of Australia Yeah, people there work to recreate they don't work to work They come home from work and they want to talk about recreation of partying here. They come home. They talk about work Yeah, it goes very well with your molester add to I mean Yeah, yep Went very well if you've ever been to King's crop Who what? King's crop what does that and Sydney? Oh, I've never been to Australia and they're going on under Yeah, well, I don't know about that I've been down under but not down there. Yeah, yeah, yeah Australian is a beautiful King's crop. There's great It's a good one to felt feet Yeah Great club great food Great Well show we pay all right Good home. Oh great home. Oh, my god for those here. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There's a professional queen We have an open line in date to a flower five six seven now we understand what this is all about that's why that's Fantin fiscal number four on here Five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's candle hello Kindle hello yes sir Neil yes, hi Oh first I mean you gradually you want I think you are a Lenny Bruce We in the line uh-huh He was my eye. Oh, maybe Gary Bruce Well maybe I'm Lenny Mark has reincarnated could be live it is Everyone's calling up about Australia I think there is a country to an anti-alshron airfews never been there Yeah, whole country. Yeah. Coastal Rica and It's paradise. And by the way that's one of the Latin American countries that isn't having a big currency Problem and there were I haven't a big year and there's stock market is way up and they're doing real great It's paradise. Is it really? Yeah, if you like snorkeling and you like school but diving and you like all A crap and nature and I'm not into that Well, they also have a lot of do that. I can go to Cape Call. They also have a lot of gambling casinos They do they have a lot of horse racing tracks. Yeah, and They have a lot of nice night clubs and they haven't love nice things to do at night in San Jose And around San Jose. Yeah, it's it's kind of a white open city Everything is legal Yeah, but is it one of these Latin American countries when you fly there you go to the airport And you feel like you're in some kind of a paramilitary operation and they're all standing there with their oozees and looking at you with real dirty looks and like You know there is no army in custody Really the army great the army was banned in 1948 At the exactly same day that is real emanation And I I'm just telling you it was a one guy to one other guy If you want to go to country and have a great time Yeah, and do whatever you want yeah, you want right Country or the place okay 74 of you day in 62 every night. I'm I'm away. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm I'm away to San Jose Let's call the end warwick Or let's just call control Griffin We have two open lines and date one in Grower in 560 560 560 on the 18 T wireless line and I don't want to hear him more about our stray. It's boring Huh, why do I even but why I just brought it up because I don't know list okay in the course of the honor But I'm not ever going I'm not going anywhere that it takes 24 hours to get there In addition to which what was one the other city's bank account was that I know it was like number 23 In Thailand all you pedophile spread a lot of time over there which is out of my league and number two if I want to see a bunch of Goops out go to Toronto and See all the beautiful goops you never want to see man I mean what are you got to go all the way to Bangkok to see a gooks two open lines in date five six seven Hope five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless lines or you can go to Amsterdam and see all the gooks You want and go to those Chinese restaurants where they use lots and lots of pepper and lots and lots of MSG and you wind up with the bruise No, I know yeah that See you eat and move this over just a little funny bit I Poor it a little long Here is a western hello I know I guess they're okay What I say is George was way better than the page you did a great job. There you go. Did you animus? Separate at one woman that got upset when she heard the word tampon yeah One other thing you said Eric Canada. I thought you said Eric and as a couple times who's on the drive they are No, that's Eric and it also oh I didn't know that because my follow-all had tickets to Toronto in two weeks on her Canada Yeah, but he better check alternatives are called them because they're not even talking well I'll call today For a trust me when I tell you and one other thing glycon depth yeah, did the carpet to my house? Yes, sir beautiful I'm gonna tell you right now. I had much the mong and all kinds of crap on my carpet and I was I was under version Buying new carpet right and after they finished it was just it was unbelievable I don't okay it the same guy that did my carpet he said he did your house right Beautiful job and I highly recommend excellent all right thanks all about put that kidney in my career Okay, we have two open lines in day one in Broward 567.0560 palm five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Are we go to Australia? No, we go to New Zealand no forget about it Who would that how needs to be flying 20 in 24 in 25 hours? I couldn't I couldn't stand it Flying back from Europe from Rome like you know direct from Rome to Miami on L. T and a half hours That's plenty okay that's about as long as I can endure I can handle it. I'm used to it I've made that trip many many many many but that's enough. That's my limit Can you even imagine flying 24 hours on a goddamn plane? Oh Why not why not one Five days four nights by bus seven times across the country But I'm hoping line in date five six seven. Oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18 T I'll tell you what I do like though in Europe is the train The trains are great. So I always had the version to trains because many many years ago when I went to college Because I think the last time I was on a train in this country I was going for like Rochester to somewhere the Lansing I guess I must have been on a train in a through a snowstorm in Buffalo And the train and we had a stop and got stuck in Potski around it took me forever and it was a nightmare And so that kind of sold me a little bit about train just like that thing with my Corvette Sarmion computers and cars about the reduced engine power Reduced engine power no Crap That was a good comeback. No crafts you're locked. I'm I got my floor the Thing and my foot too and that car is like coming to a screeching called reduced engine power So you tend to get turned off on a little bit Like when alcohol steam was down here hopping the cheer the other day It's 1156 and five but you Q a m my amy Fort Lutterdale I'm like over here two from the what is it sports bruise Sports sporting bruise sporting bruise Like I said open the sporting news from the sporting bruise I know Tim Robby in the got someish baja into the six to be a lot easier if I had a schedule here But blufflands and he's Dylan He's maybe out auditioning new talent We have an open line in Broward two in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Hello Hello New Yeah, thank you. Uh, thanks for calling. I I want to tell you For calling. Yeah, I've been to Sydney, Australia really and it took 25 hours Oh too long for me The San Francisco and then they put me in a hotel and then I took a connecting flight to New York Yeah, in the old days before just it took 18 hours from New York to it's wrong Oh So You know it's a flight today Is it different from 20 years ago from New York to Rama was 18 hours Yes, 18 hours the Paris just overseas to Europe was 18 hours and they It should like hell the plane And then baby was crying all night water night Yeah, yeah I'm glad you had a good tell I listen to George. Yes, how do they will very excited it was he was very good And when he answered before I was such a tell him so So you tell him all is these listening Conco one Yeah, that's what he said okay Okay, you take a happy circus. Yeah, it won't be long. Yeah, see you all along Okay 12.03.5.60 WQM. We have two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five 60 p.m. 50 on the mobile one line parties all over Labor days over they're coming back Man if there was any doubt that they were coming back this morning not only with all all those Rex and people pull off the side of the road and cars broken down and people tearing their hell There was heavy heavy heavy duty traffic like I haven't seen all summer long They're all back Will be waiting for Here's a candle hello candle One more time with the buttonbound candle. Yeah, sir. What was the cargo ring done that list because of looking for a job at it out of town And to cause it's one of the cities I'm looking at Chicago is a great town sir Chicago is ranked number 16 on a list Why would you why you know why would you want to go there based on a list that arbitrarily? You know I mean I mean it's Sydney. Australia was there number one Well the thing is I think it's a piece of Congress great I've never heard anything bad about the toggle I'm the fact of whether socks like any place up north. Yeah. Well. I mean down here the only thing we have is the weather right And not the now most of the time that's a press of anyway. Yeah. I'm looking at a plan. I'll throw in Chicago There was great. I'm just I'm just looking to get out of here But yeah, the base right you'll love Chicago all right so a lot of young Reading and reading people right all right. I'm gonna march marchers jammed into one part of town It's great. Maybe I can just get a summer job there. Yeah Good luck pal. All right. Can I call somebody this ahead of you phone go ahead all right Robert labor your do best Okay, good idea Okay, we have date county is wide open 567. 560 Pomp 560 on a mobile one line Chicago is great Other wrong with Chicago nothing bad. I can say about their except the weather is unpredictable and brutal and nasty But who the hell cares life is more than just weather Life is more than just weather. It's a nice guy damn day outside isn't it A mobile and for a lot of deal hello Oh, good now. Yes, sir. I heard you earlier you were Not the noted name no-terdam sucks. Oh come on university sucks the for the sports program suck the mentality sucks NBC sucks for making it For making it the network of noted aim which I never heard such a thing in my life Okay, what are you gonna do when we go to East Wales and be your sport and I'm not gonna be the least bit surprised in fact I would be surprised that they have noted him when by 10-toddani know something I spoke that makes no difference to me who cares? In other words, you're telling me that putting a football game is what are you university's all about? Tradition it's tradition of what? Tradition of what of touchdown Jesus? Yeah, that's one of the things what happened last year how did they do in a bowl game last year? A lot of pumps number get out of here you phony Notre Dame blows no-terdam makes me what I'll get on my hands and he's in puke That whole mentality in fact, you know something this whole college football mentality makes me sick to my stomach All these empa I mean, what are they gonna do they gonna prop up what's his name up there at Penn State Joe Paterna. They're gonna prop him up when he's 150 years old on the sideline of Mac and barely walk anymore What do you got to prove already go uh enjoy your life go to Sydney? Take uh Tony what's his name with the Tony ramble? We have date county wide open in one open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty Palm five sixty on a mobile one The Michigan State we're gonna ask people and it's still a great university and he still have a great time up there and who the hell gives a crap? All the you know Florida's gonna beat up on the sidadale and you have had to get back on a winning peddle As he played these little tiny girl schools and you're looking to final scores on Sunday morning 63 to three 86 to nothing. Well, well, what is that? I heard Defoe talking about that this morning and for once in his life he's right. I thought it was supposed to be about competition Not about the you know it's it's all about money that's all it's about building up the football program building up the who gives a flying crap Notre Dame and her touchdown Jesus makes me want to get on my hands and knees and bark every time Notre Dame loses a game in any sport And the girl's volleyball team and Notre Dame loses. I get sexual excitement Here's a lady mobile important water deal. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. How are you great? I'm glad to see the first female color. I think I'm the first female call to stay George with F1 About the second or two. Oh really? Okay, I had a great offer about a half hour. Uh-huh He was good. You know he was no Neil. Yeah, but he was a kind of he but he was no Neil on tape He was no best in Neil on those crappy oldies You know I could see you 20,000 a day. I could think you're a riot. Come on. Yeah, but um He was entertaining, you know great. Oh, yeah, so it's a good thing It's about a hat you got to go on vacation Yeah, you do a lot. Yes, I do. Yeah What was your your right on hell is New York was ranked number nine? That's because Rudy Giuliano's made it in Giuliani's made it nice and antiseptic now Oh my god number nine. Yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, well Okay, have a great day. You do now. Bye. We have two open lines in date in one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty Pont five sixty on a mobile one line Lady mobile and Kendall hello Well, yes, man. I know why are you? Wait. Just got back from Vegas. Oh now we're how come Vegas is not at a list Vegas is awesome. I mean, what would you rather be in Sydney, Australia or Las Vegas is no contest? Las Vegas is the best right we age like big Granks for free So I make it women right and now we're back here going to Taco Bell. Oh God Yeah, yeah But here we are We love you here when you okay, we're listening to you have a great day all right. Welcome back to reality Thank you Okay, what do you say? I don't want to say he's out of control two open lines in date. Yeah How can New Orleans which is a grotesque horrible place a Marmy bunch of mugwams. How can I be like number uh what is it number 19 on the list? What? What I like that word mugwams that those are the people I live in Louisiana or mugwams y'all come back now. They're like uh has by you uh the dumbest damn creatures on a face of the earth They make Lenny Marquez sound like Albert Einstein on a very lucid day New Orleans number 19 and but they must have been very When they were like everybody else 19 at 560 WQ and the dust was about a hundred points of its game but it's still up to 15. It's uh Hey, if you need some cup 14 at 560 Q I mean it's interesting you're all the comments almost all them and Break glowing and praising George did a great job yesterday But the somebody brought me in a cassette tape of the highlights of George's performance in which you know when he hear that We all think it's a lot more revealing than just hearing everybody suck it around. Let's hear what it sounded likeub****************************************************** **************************************************************** ************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************ sent off for examples to a Here's plantation hello Yeah, yes, sir. I was wondering if you happen to notice in the paper that the L. 18 sign grenade Oh It's that a cold cover for the hockey game I think I think it's that any women in mind to pull a color for our can't is other than sure. What one line would you are you speaking? What are you talking about? I read in today's the U.S. day today That the L. 18 supply is only been out of this to do the color commentary on the L. 18 To do the colored commentary will maybe Kevin Witsken do the colored commentary because he don't look like he's gonna be signing up to be playing anywhere We have two open lines in date one and Howard five six seven. Oh five sixty pump. I've sixty on the mobile one line Here's Kendall hello. Hey, he doing it's a rarer. I'll come out to book today Well, I got a little more on it's here about the L. 18 color commentary. No, thank you My thoughts George the Ruby job yesterday. Yeah, I enjoy it. It was pretty fresh. You know, it's that was on his mind Then shut up, you know, please put around the Yeah, and That's I thought one thing I want to say about nothing. I enjoy I love watching Michigan leaders But I hate root for Notre Dame. Yeah, I hate it That's the only time ever root for Michigan is when they're playing Notre Dame and they they stuck the joint I'm telling you with a worse tackling team in the history of college They couldn't bring down my grandmother and she's been dead for 22 years Hey, he's doing a dragon with all the deal. That's right across the goal line and I don't know if they want to take us wasn't on the list I'll the point of time I ever had him out of life Yeah I want to say hi And I'm good to have you back with George did do a pretty good job. Excellent. Thank God. Okay, see I think that's right. That shows you how bold this list is because last big a second You're not supposed to have too much of a good time. Maybe that's why this listed is a little restricted Dave County's open 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a lady in Oakland Park. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Well, thank you You were missed, but I have to be honest to the item. Listen to George yesterday. I was in the house So I didn't hear him you didn't hear him. No. I forgot all about it. Actually Oh my God But I'm I wasn't like you didn't hear him that you can't have any complaints anyone. No, I don't have any complaints But if I'm not in the car I'm usually not listening and I work for a living in my car So I was off the after that Her change right but I was like comment on something if I'm a and that's the new God billboard I'll send down 95 the Neil God billboard. No, good. Just God himself They couldn't have billboards now and they're all around what are they saying? Well, I said what part of that was shall not do you not understand God and Another one I thought said meet me at my house on Sunday I rose a Lopez God Yeah, so I just they're trying to get the message across I'm just in fact this is Sunday the 13 oh Oh, probably I'm for right I was a Lopez on Sunday I feel for yeah Procedic the God squad man to become more and more in color. I'm all over the oh and then yesterday I was watching the news last but I was showing that anxious right wing piece of dirt It looks like he's from Mars that Gary Bauer Interest in actual hopeful Gary Bauer. I'm gonna tell you something I'm going down today to the passport office and get that thing we knew so far presidential hopeful My God under we even pay Robertson see like a good human man at least we drive to worry about him getting any blow job Great, right? Maybe given a few have a great day. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for the good news Okay, Dave Joy right this is brutal man. I thought I thought I yesterday Jordan would have this audience worked up for me today It come back they'd be there'd be an outpouring and it was the same I sat down here nothing Nothing hey the weedle and tweedle and twiddly these people like from the very get go today All three lines and data wide open and one and broward fine. Of course it's today after Labor Day Air every day that I've done new show when we weren't given stuff away of course every other day 22 and Half years there's been some excuse what is it today? It's a full moon. It's today after Labor Day. It's a Monday It's something Something to excuse these people and if we had one call today about Mark McGuire It's number 61 yesterday against the Cubs. No against Mike Morgan with your Marais high fastball air. No nothing The greatest moment in my lifetime in sports. I would accept those four Stanley cups the least one a lifetime ago Unbelievable Simon and he's people like and of course I'm gonna tell you right now if I have one Negatory comment about Mark McGuire. I'm gonna go ballistic you think I did a lot of time on that pad from the racetrack with that program business But out here. There's a bunch of old parts in his town For still ready to find something negative about it because this guy, you know ain't no babe rules for whatever they want to come up with And by the way, do one of the guy was right last week back in those days in the 20s When they had different rules when they didn't have the same ground rules when you hit a like what would be a ground rule double at Bounce to the stats that was a home run And I have a feeling we have no way of knowing the records how many of them? Which is not taking anything away from baby Ruth, but I'm sure that some of those 60 home runs in 1927 Maybe some of them bounced in a guy damn stance. How do we know? Mark McGuire the one guy the one guy that kids can look up to they're not gonna be out there doing an andro And then I'm gonna be in hurricane andrew and then I'm gonna be all like a bunch of muscle bond freaks Which I'll come to be talking about Jose can sakele when it comes to muscle bond freaks and steroids Because he's Cuban and he's from this town. Okay, and Speaking of from this town. Let me say it again Alex Rodriguez on you sports experts who talk in his station Probably be the greatest shortstop in history of this game. He's from this town is anybody ever talk about him? No because he's not Cuban. He's from law. We put look at him in the kind of like all the great baseball players like Sammy Sosa They're from law. We put look into many kind of that's right that one big island of one side of the island. They're so in the baseball The other side of the island. They're hitting them. That's right Whatever that how that means here's a mobile in the foreloiter. They all hello Great In Neil George is great job by the way, but that's how I'm calling okay Let me ask you a question are these people catching those baseballs at least you've been given him back the market wire for a future What do you mean by that? I mean I know they're not stupid. They're giving their doing whatever They want to do when Roger Maris had a 60 first home run the guy that caught it came and brought it back to him and Maris gave it to him He said get whatever you can for it and a guy the guy got five grand for it Right, but now they're seeing that like the 60 seconds is gonna be like over a million I said I would never I mean I scored it. I had a sitter and I'm a fan Sure, do you understand what I'm saying to in other words like the little kids that got to all and they brought them to them the kids here And they didn't want money they were offered like thousands of dollars by some guy who was like standing right there waiting to intercept them and get the ball for like You know fun and profit they turned it down. They didn't want it You fit why Why because McGuire makes millions of those about you kids quite come from a little away Wait a minute. What does McGuire have to do with whether or not they get some other idea? Do you think he should pay him for it? All right, yeah That's only because he can pay him for the baseball You can't apply for middle and come for house How do you know that they're from middle and come housing? What do whatever that mean? How do you know how about they're from? All right, you know you get there with The different weights up on a thousand dollars a million dollars I mean it's like whatever I'm gonna say to the same thing I said to you the sum of part that call last week You make me sick Okay, that's all you know is money money money money money, okay? That's all you f and no one is goddamn country as how much can I get for it? And let me say again There's the first call that we had today I'm Gaggan I need to the cigar here my think it's a cigar. I'm gagging on it. I'm so sick from this guy First call we had today to say anything about frickin mark McGuire It is guys Vallea can the kids are stupid because they should have got more money for it You are what's wrong with it's goddamn country sir you and a goddamn big nose down on greenspan And we're just showing on CNBC just now that's what's wrong with its country. That's all you know it's money money money money money money money It's all you know There's nothing wrong with making a lot of money you can get make as much as you want But these kids for quite a line you find somebody good. It's got different values than that That doesn't give a crap about how much can I get for a stupid baseball that cost five bucks out of a box And right away they got to put a knock on them. They're stupid you're stupid jackass is what you are You're not only not gonna catch no baseballs you got no balls either is what you got your prosthetic That's this radio station. That's this town negative negative negative negative net. That's all you hear Just one after another Just like that night coming back last Wednesday from the track and hearing those jackasses, you know here at Herma Guire are just at 58 and 59 right here in town And just one asshole after another with negative crap to spew out I hope you will up with Pat from the track okay, and I hope she steals your program We have two open lines in date 5 670 560 pump I've 60 on a mobile one line What is that the guy with the guy with the eyes? How do you like that try to do a funny voice? Did make it on the ear either? You suck go get a life okay go take a shower Go take a bath you and your two boyfriends your go dug you do a group shower somewhere get out of our lives you jackass Two open lines in day one and brought by see he thought if he said it real fast, you know Right didn't work did it he was calling all day yesterday off the earth. He was calling all day yesterday Yeah, but you know has it done because he so obsessed with it when he has no life whatsoever It doesn't have a job it doesn't have a life Doesn't have a bar of soap I guess let's take up a collection and see if we get to go get a bar of soap with a rope of course for the guy with the eyes pathetic tragic One thing to say to you jackass Why don't you go back to kill for you? Speak fast there you go Oh, they were not a man 1225 yeah, those kids they should have paid they got more money markment worth making all that money They didn't want money don't you understand don't you get the message? No they got whatever they wanted no don't get it do it No You know there seem to be oh I know for sure was this good by guarantee you smell better We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and palm five sixty on the mobile one line In fact remember those shows that Nick Lawrence did on the light bulb fake stunt Let's go to a mobile in high allia hello Yeah, sir. I'm so glad you went to a break instead of letting you follow the two-rounded calls. Oh, God There are pathetic I mean What's the problem with doing the right thing that's what these people are doing they're killing the fall back to the United States They're actually missing the game The guy that got the whole month on the first inning this hearing payments come away Yeah, you get the rest of the game you know watch it on TV right over the face making a soccer play form You're seeing a congenial you're doing the right thing by giving it back and not only that what is it this guy's business that he's telling other people what their values ought to be If they if the guy wants it autographed bat baseball and a bad or whatever Why and that's enough. Oh, that's his business Guys knocking people a weren't greedy like he is From the man this playery that doesn't have a a blotch on his I mean not one negative thing you can say about him and he's people I know interested him down here because you don't Maybe the first the negative Maybe they're so you're still All the difference I guarantee if Alan's about Regans was killed but he'd be on a front page of the front section of the hero every goddamn day Let's see home run Just a second home runs that he's got 38 he's right on the verge Wow and by the way if anybody cares Griffey at 49 and 50 last life, but nobody cares because he's it's it. Oh Yeah, but this is what he wrote what year in the lead something like that Have a great day so choked up. He's emotional about it We have an open line in Broward 567.0560 the Dow is now up 194 it was up 305 Very early on, but it's starting to a slide back in reality nice that's up 55. Who knows it's only 12 30 It's only 12 30 don't get too excited about it. Okay, because it's just a momentary blip in the midst of a very here's the south beach South beach You're the hero. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, all right Well, I just want to call about why our family so excited to unbelievable and And I don't I don't care if anybody put them down for Make it not This is record You know Beaton, but it's been it's been there for what 40 years 30 seven years. Yeah, so you know I think it's a To hell in the accomplishment and I can't wait till tonight. Yeah, and not only that but people were saying a few weeks ago Why you know if he doesn't less than 154 games, but it and they got still 20 games to go and he's gonna break the record the next day or two There's almost no question about it. I would think unbelievable. I would think him and Sammy are both gonna hit moments tonight and Possibly even more than one I'll be watching. We'll still a while be right there at work. But next one. I got up Colored TV or moving just go put out really okay. Have a great day. Thank you. See you There you go. There's somebody's gonna be watching isn't gonna be waiting to see how much is he gonna get for them There's so many of these people like that little ass sucker and gilding Every time I hear you know, I was driving to work this morning. This is the gods on his truth I turned on I just hit the button on a radio no seat or yet And I hear that voice Immediately I popped a CD in her so fast and so hard and nearly went to the goddamn dashboard How in God's name can anybody? What credibility is there in some little pucellanimous punk with a squeaky ratty voice Who's nothing but a little ass sucker. Where's no idea what he's talking about Me me me me me me me me me. Yeah, get out of here Send him the camper Christ they're going to So up here on or do something for him Do do all of South Florida gigantic favor please put him into a coma for 20 years at least for four years anyway Here's a mobile and Stuart hello Hey, I want you okay sir Good deal. I'll find him because the mark of why I was saying and you look back the last couple of years Who's no excitement what do other and date boy? I think this is fantastic. I think it sells When T-Rose is 1,4192 what 10 years or so ago I think it's about time all these people with the town of Pusus You shut the hell up and start celebrating some fun again baseball. I think maybe they should take up a hobby like Russian Relet will be good for seven of them Exactly A crap limbo right. Hey, thanks Neil I'll do a great day pal We have an open line in Broward 567. 05 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line There is nothing in all of sports. I heard somebody calling in over the weekend on some show not here Oh, well, you know There's records that are more important than as a Joe D There's no record in any sport that is more sacred that is more significant I'm not saying there aren't there aren't achievements there aren't greater But in terms of the significance with the public the mad home one record Period so it's only a sport big deal at least it's something something we can be positive about something we can get excited about We got the president's getting ready to be impeached We got Dan Burton is admitting he father an illegitimate child back in the early 80s but nobody's talking about that We got the goddamn sadams over there. There's six months They're gonna be ready to start to do a nuclear weapons or whatever They're gonna be doing over any rack. We got all kinds of crap going on all over the world The whole economy of the world is in a shambles and what are people negative negative even if there's something good going on Did I see Miami on his list by the way of the no Top 5,000 cities in the world of the top 60,000 places to live no Here's the Miami hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing okay? I agree with you the to home one record is probably one of the greatest things Sports but we're I'll tell you where I disagree with you. Yes, I Really think if you look at what's happening this year you have three people in the middle of 50 home ones Yes, I got the RBI record that's it's that's been around for war time I don't think so I don't think it was Gonzales got no chance you don't think so no what's it what's he got? The record's 190 right? I don't think it's that high. Yes, it is it what is he? I've been 150 RBI's he's got 148 no chance Anyway, I have 43 to break and there's only like I know what he was close with that. Well he had cool off like everybody else does yeah Well with pressure maybe whatever it is, but I'll tell you I think the ball is a little hot-top You know there's so many people that are hitting over what are your months is here We over 50 and I like more require Think he's a great guy has anything to do with but I think the fact that you got a lot of crappy pitching You think it's a pitching got expansion you got Arizona you got Tampa Bay you got the Marlins which is got a little league pitching step You got very inferior pitching and that's why you have more and more home months it out to get a good You want a pitching? All right Okay, everything's gagging on it. Okay, see God works in mysterious ways You're cooking on his own words 23 to We're all gagging on it We have an open line in date 5 6 7 5 60 5 50 60 on a mobile one life fat Joe was in here gagging on PTS today is the rumor we heard That's right Not just the topping either he was eating the crust and Was I picking out over the weekend? Oh damn right Damn it I'm as big as a goddamn walrus, you know I sat there. I sent my hotel room yesterday morning In my underwear Looking watching the TV and it was like a mirror on the non-on the mirror, but like a reflective glass And I sat there looking at myself sitting on that sofa on that cup bed I have never been other than when our goldsteen came in here and tried to goose me your last ride I have never been so grossed out until it's just because because when you're sitting You know how the fat kind of like all everything the dromdes syndrome Yeah, everything like drops down and like is exaggerated but nevertheless and I'm I swear to God I had hudders that were as big as grandma Moses on a bed And my perfect was like hanging down there I looked at that and I thought good God That's one of the most disgusting things I have ever seen in my life that was before lunch 22 till one of two I have the crime being negative because that's them They are negative sour nasty hateful people and they want everybody else to be just like them And I refuse to do it. I think it's a great thing I'm gonna be watching that game tonight and if he hits 62 I'm gonna pee in my pants The kid who got the proud he did the right thing right because On down the line He didn't write things He did the right thing for him if he wanted if money was all that important to him He would have said okay I'm gonna hang on to this because I was brought up to be a mercenary damn piece of crap And that's all I know is money money money and he's there because he's a sports fan these people don't know Don't you understand a lot of the people who listen to this radio station? They're not sports fans. They're all gamblers if they couldn't gamble on a ball game or on whether one leaf is gonna hit the ground falling from a tree before the other leaf hits the ground They don't have any interest those are sports fans. I think people like misery likes comedy. Yeah Okay pal calm down and have a great day Yeah, if you took the gambling I've allowed us sports these people about say 70 80 percent of maybe long gone if they don't have a bet to hold their interest What kind of a sports fan is that as sports fan? No, sir. It's our guy with a gambling problem is what it is So what do you like Sunday? We have two open lines and grow it at 670 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Markets up 220. Oh, did I just see Sam Donaldson Thanks, dear my lunch problem Hey, we have to go to do Oh my god, Kathy get for it is a Jew First we had myor landscape well before we had bugsy signal myor landscape Rob Edstein and we got to put up with Kathy Lee Epstein or her name is Epstein too Uh-huh, what does that tell you? Okay, where we going here is maybe that was Kathy Lee that I saw that thing last time the middle of sports time look like her Here's candle hello Yeah, sir, hey don't great Two little thing is first off yesterday on Kindle ten news. Yes, not a word done knows to the word We just like kind of talk about the weather everybody there was like you know all They're all friends because he's a crap work crap. You said crap on ten That sums up their news to me. Yeah, so they're all you could see we flight and Christie Kritter shoulders good I've why don't always like that done no, no, he knows in rap. There you go. Hey, I'll put me a real quick That guy that was a company about the kids, you know, yeah, he did a wrong thing No, and you know, I think the kids are trying to do it's whoever's gonna you know hopefully the perfect kid Number 62 will do the same thing, but You know the guys that's stupid. Do you think and The guy that catches number 61 or 62 somebody's not gonna do something for them one way or there right You know, they're gonna be good trip somewhere So that amount of not only that, but you one thing that most of these idiots never thought about and that is what makes collectibles Valuable what makes a baseball worth a million dollars what made baseball cards worth a lot of money When I was a kid collecting baseball cards I had shoe boxes full of baseball cards and one day my mother threw them all out when I went off to school and rightfully So because you're not and also through the dog in the same way space good and You know because who the hell would have ever thought anybody would pay why is it worth something? These things are only worth something if some maniac decides that they want to pay a lot of money for it Well, why is that what fiber a $10 baseball worth a million dollars just because it was the you know somebody hit a home market I just don't get it Right Next fall and you know The right thing just turns it over. They'll be taken care one way or no, I say the kids let let's put the kids on a front page and send his guy that called back to kindergarten Exactly, I'm on an advance. Yes, sir. Thank you for my video which hopefully arrives today any man if Josh is watching no, all right Thanks, it is not because of some people borrowed them So we had wait for them to come back some people they're all back now wait wait wait Let's hold on Some people borrowed them people who shall remain nameless. No, they will not remain nameless show borrowed them Joe comes down back. No, fat Joe no fat Joe mama. He says no well, who borrowed them then? Well, what do they answer it's very the answer is either yes or no, there's no other is no in between not maybe not possibly Fat Joe borrowed porno tapes and adult videos that we had given away that we were sitting out to people who were sitting on the edge of their seat with baited breath With a vibrate in one hand and got only knows what in the other Well, well, what kind of crep is this have we ever heard of anything like this before in history of the show? No, in the 500 years I've been doing a show in this town has this ever happened before no, I mean we've had stuff laying around that belong to us That got lifted, but I'm talking about stuff that were given away and people are our fingering it. No, so to speak They all came back and that's not the point The point is you always send this stuff out the day we give it away They can say whatever they want about you, but as far as being efficient I'm getting the crap out in the mail getting that crap out there to people. He you do it And here's the guy that's sitting there. He's he's gonna be waiting for the guy named mailman I got only knows what's gonna happen to that mailman when he shows up this guy so horny Should have got no seriously should have found out what neighborhood he lives in a war in a guy named mailman may never see him again Sure, hope it covers his spectrum backside when it gets down that neighborhood stay in a truck pal God You know this this is not a freaking playground here, okay? This is not we're not here for the amusement of these TV people who think that they're like important. It's a goddamn circus When he whammy whammy We couldn't buy a goddamn number on that station. I'm in public slice night, okay? Everybody that I seen now used to be I was a radio guy. Okay, it was on television once in a while I saw my pussy who I was hey, well, let's near me day once in a while I get that now I go to the guy named story. I feel like junk Crawford I can't even go to God name story to go shopping. Hey, we love your show What we want and it's always the TV show they're talking about we watch you every night on whammy Can we find a rating on that show? No, we got no chance is there any possibility no And these people are in here. It's not bad enough that we have to feed them free lunch every day Which I don't mind doing since it all cost me anything Feeding these people like somehow we owe them something like those two those two skin had Nazis can't afford to feed these guys They give my guy them lunch allowance some kind of a thing But they're fingering our videos that is absolutely unconscionable Absolutely honest and he's laughing about it What is he need he's got that chubby girlfriend is that you know if they could ever find that whatever Either one of them is got I was thinking about that yesterday, you know, I was sitting there looking at that I was thinking about Algo's thing, you know How does that I know I don't want to get to graphic But how does he even take a leak seriously? Algo's thing how can he find it? Yes a catheter he must have he must have a bag I'm serious cuz he must have a hose I'm not talking about the kind you're thinking about he must have like a rubber hose because this man by the time you get to Blifting away all the folds of fat I'm not exaggerating How to how can you ever find anything even like a button mushroom man? It's got to be lost It's a one-of-a-weighted five sixty to be here from the sporting bruise from two to six and after that It's really like that because Bluff Lindsay didn't buy the Senate no schedule over here. Do we have any idea who's working at six Joe? Who's on at six? The mad dog. All right. Oh, here you go. Here's your opportunity to really let mad dog have it What a pussy school baby they couldn't tackle grandma Moses on a bad day with her knickers tied together Me, she again my ass they are just pathetic That was one of the all their quarterback looks pretty good You know when you think of game The real Joe of the stadium Where each confess it has to drink himself to oblivion He will forget the highest blood out the whole level first Those arms a level maybe two Run down the gesturing and the hall has home section of a game The police your game police Different used to go home and get his license There is often a final leg of the board game higher in attorney go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence win It's ours in front of the horn family the eye can drive like rich Sanchez board game By the way, the reason I played that how come our audience is slipping so bad we didn't get one call on this year today in the Sun Sentinel this morning Jose and be it Whatever that is this balledhead a geek the South forward insider no channel seven discount for Sanchez With only 97 Sun Sentinel readers out of 2700 picking them is the areas best news anchor Wsv and channel sevens Rick Sanchez could use a few more admirers, but he won't find them among the sprawling pop luck nursery in Davy Sanchez ordered more than a thousand dollars worth of exoras and liary opays I'm out of plant cop the plant around his Cooper city home for his 40th birthday party He also ordered a few Sanchez the appliance because their names sounded like here's according to a pot-luck sales hole Sanchez however never picked up the plants or paid for them Could it be because the salesman didn't show up much enthusiasm when Sanchez asked for a channel seven discount Said Sanchez did I ask for a discount? Yes, but not a channel seven discount asking for discount when you buy large quantities is not improper It's good business whether you run television or the president says Rick's that you How do you like that so not only is he a is he annoying and pretentious and pompous? He's also a cheap bastard. How do you like that? Nice going Ricky We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's the point and be chill Boydon Beach hello yes, sir. Are you doing now? Okay? All right something happens me this weekend I went to public totally pissed me off What in there? What some stuff picked up cabbage for my mom? Uh, good. Okay. We have all the day lines are what open five six seven oh five sixty pump I said I would be surprised that there was no lady with gray here that was buying fish food in the middle of the cabbage I think this kid has spent too much time in a cabbage patch with something that rhymes with patch Maybe that's what he's looking for here's some rise hello Some rise Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yeah, this my choir baseball thing. I'm sorry. I can't agree I you can't agree with what I can't agree that these kids should have given up the baseball No way no how I mean if this was a 1930s 40 50 maybe even the 60 Yeah, that was the the right thing to do What is it? What is it? Can I just continue sir? But today I have a conversation that I mean you make a speech Okay, you said the right thing those are those are the words that prompted me do it Big bowl wasn't about money then yeah, it's all big bucks today Yeah, get you to held out the flame market value and start and rock those play his world And that would have shook up the rock those players rock there. Oh the owners know these balls world upside down Yeah, yeah, and what if they told him to stuff the baseball office as what then? Oh, yeah, he's really gonna do that. Yeah. No, you'll see how fast they make a fair market value offer to you I like how much whatever the market does yeah And That's it and your whole craft no that's not yeah You know a full of crap why did these kids be the goat? No, they're not the ghost they could have asked for whatever they wanted they didn't want the money Yeah, but you're telling you're telling kids Yeah, that a here. They're innocent kids that's what they wanted They're not dumbies the guy's did there with hundred dollar bills Uh after the one down here after 1559 We're not interested in the money. Don't kid yourself these kids grow up at a mercenary guy Bams society. They know what money is all about the first they don't say mommy or daddy anymore the first they may say after they start to speak It's all me for stood out. That's right So don't give me this crap about their naive little kids if they just aren't mercenary like you are sir Every time something good comes along. We got assholes like this want to find a negative let's work over time Let's work ourselves up into a fever pitch to find something negative so we can criticize Anytime somebody does something that might be admirable. Let's rip and for it. Okay Let's put the knock on them because they're stupid and naive you're the one at stupid Million dollars for a goddamn baseball and people We're crawling all over each other so they can get their hands on a ball it might be worth hundreds of thousand dollars Because the whole thing is that and that's the whole point right there It's disintegrated none of them but dollars and said and here's a whole thing that's going on a whole event that's taking place That has the country transfigured not because the goddamn baseballs are worth so much money But because of the accomplishments of these guys So finally after all these still years we finally get something to be entusen excited about and we got a whole process The guys like this that's all they know is money money money by the way the market's up 207 Here's a mobile in forlater deal. Hello Fun on the follow oh god, what an asshole. I agree completely Mark it bad you they should be getting market value for it Next time they died drop so wrong he's gonna get I'll get market value for it Exactly um falling up the Videos being taken home I hate to right out our good friend George at least he did have to be sincere I won a couple years ago a double CD of some talking heads and And yeah, he parted to take this but he asked me he asked me very nice. That's a sure knows what I'm getting the thing for free Yeah, yeah, he doesn't know the take this morning is that I made from that as a matter of time I'll say you go So that's a different story That's a different deal. Okay, and you two that's a different story that our TV people now now how did this go down? How did this exactly transpire it was all pretty chaotic? It was it was Friday, nobody wanted me to put it pretty chaotic well there were a lot of people in here looking at the videos And some of them applied they might want to borrow them so But only one person ended up borrowing them and who is that? Nobody Fact Joe who keeps shaking is said no you keep saying yes and he keeps saying no Sounds like a beetle thank you so much and I'll see you at publics again We have an open line in date 567 560 and pompas Look at that Rob Kapplin also stole one of the videos that he just brought back in here What is that? It's a wine tape yeah, uh-huh oh It's Rob Kapplin and Dre what times that kind of old that's gonna be on instead of I'll allow tonight 730 on whanley Here's four longer Dale hello Welcome back Neil. Yes, sir Two points one on George one on the other square thing yeah first of all I think George in an admirable job A bit monotone and I think he is personality. I think I think you were all wonderful on him personally I think he kind of find a little bit fight deal as far as his His tone But I think a job for the first time I think great Another thing I think everyone is about some acquired thing There you're being really polite with the acquired soza as far as given back the ball I think if it was a chef field or a bomb you'd see it different attitude What do you think thank you bank okay could be but it's not either one of them so low Who cares yeah that's a good point we have an open line in power 567 560 and pompive 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's Miami Beach hello Yeah, yes, sir. Oh, I'm cutting you didn't you don't leave the money. Oh, but I'm not sure who I got it right here You please pay I just want to reading the Rick Sanchez thing out of the essential yes We page for the ball one The I-Riff We'll be watching the whole month. Oh, we've only had about 600 calls on it today sir, but thank you very much for pointing that out to me I don't read the papers God this guy's like I realize you can't all listen from the beginning But how do you know we haven't already talked about that which we did sir, but thank you so much that the IRS is gonna be watching the series gets the ball and they want their first year We have an open line in day five six seven oh five 60 money money money money money that's all Today's we're talking about a country of people and have no god damn values whatsoever money money money money Show me to god damn money Yeah Friday they're rolling here says show me your echo nothing like that that's over the revenues the M tapes Oh, there's bulk of rhyme with a there's the program director. I know we'd finally get somebody in here That would critique yesterday and rip George an ass because he let something on the air that shouldn't have been on there Which wasn't as small to with Josh Friedman's fault that's got on and see got on and Got on a couple times Josh Friedman done it. Okay because he's too busy watching the guy damn portal video that Joe Costello took him over there. He says thank you by the way. Who does Josh the portal we get? The thought of Josh Friedman watching I don't want to even get in what okay It just that's just like my sitting in that hotel room looking at myself naked. Yeah, oh god We have an open line in days five six seven. Hope five 16 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Wouldn't be something if Josh father that they stapled his Toots okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? I just have a couple quick comments first off the article and this comes sent all about Rick's Frances yeah, how quickly people forget that this is the same idiot who's got an opinion on everybody It's the same jerk who killed somebody a couple years ago why was driving drunk? Oh that guy died. Yeah, yeah He can be a Lee you know out of it with his you know with his bunch of a car this connection Yeah, he's got good connections. Yep, and anyone's the ass for a discount How's Alberto San Pedro doing by the way? I have no idea. Okay, see you in high-leave all right at Westland Okay, we have an open line in Broward five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a take on the Guarard 61 two balls for sale Uh-huh. I think they definitely should take the money if I was hear me out You take three million dollars from somebody who very well You take all that money and you donate to charity some of wires and cherries of your choice You pay and if you have Just a minute, you already donate a million dollars cash to a to a charity for abuse kids Sure, but why not doing more money? Yeah, okay, why don't they add on some or donate this okay the people that are looking for the money for it I'm looking to give it a charity you jackass Yeah, take the money and give it to take one money. That's the point there isn't any money unless people the man money And let me say it again in 1961 a guy that caught Roger Merris is 61st on money and Yankee Stadium Took it to him after the game and gave it to him and Merris handed it back and said get whatever you can for a kid and the guy got $5,000 for it But he brought them all back and wasn't looking for anything But here we are 37 years later, and that's all we know we got we got to squeeze some money out of these people Okay, somehow some way and let me say it for the hundredth time that the people involved in baseball The owners and everybody connected with it should be done in our hands and means kissing Sammy Sosa and Mark McWire both on every cheek of their Electon's right for bringing some interest back and making this excitement with another Why is a terminal deadly boring sport? That's what they ought to be doing after they slapped the public in the post four years ago without stupid strike Here's a lady mobile in dear field. Hello. Yes, man. I totally agree with you about the space ball thing They should give it back. It's not their accomplishment. Why did they want to sell off something? It's not there as he hits more home runs the prior ones become work with the only one They're going to be able to get money for is the one-key breaks the record That's a good point and it should go into the hall of fame. Yeah, I heard a suggestion made somewhere I don't know what was here. I was up until the week and got for bits that they should take the picture of the person who touched the ball and put it in the hall of fame That'll be their 15 minutes of fame. Isn't every dickulous, but you know why a million dollars for a baseball Come on even even look why it's like I'm not paying for it. It's a tonic. It's ridiculous My accomplishment the ball is his and another not only that, but I'm sure that somewhere in Cooper's town in baseball Hall of Fame They've got a baseball representing the 61st baseball at Roger Maris You know the 61st summer one knows if it's the real baseball Am I look one baseball looks like all the other ones? Well, they decided they're going to produce special balls that when the wire hits It's numbered or it has his name on it. So nobody can come forward say I caught ball Each time he comes up now they have a special set of balls for him They have a special set of balls. Yeah Yeah But they've developed they have made these balls and they have a certain insignia on them that when he hits if he hits one out They'll know that it is the one he hits and He should get him was like on drugs. They were still not of their mind which is why most people want to go there They got the good stuff Here's big pine key. Hello. Yes, sir. I For the top appointed critics that regarding George Miller performance. Yeah, I don't know anybody remembers when Adam was on for a rick and Realized I forgot about that. I tried to put it out of my memory. Well, I never realized until I saw you on TV What's involved with that job? Yeah, I mean it looks like one of the hardest shots It's there and talk for four hours. Let me put it in this way. It's a stressful four hours It's a good very described it. You can't hide it. You can see that you're it's a stressful job So kudos the George is the owner performance right guarding rick sand scissors Count yeah Lariety and plant material. I'm a miserable wretched. Well, I've done doing it for 30 years Plant prices The price of a lariety back in 1973 was about $2. You know what it is now that's breed dollars. I mean This guy I mean what kind of a He's poor nursery in therapy. They're just barely hanging on by their teeth now. Boca Brown was told me laripe is also called monkey grass Is that correct? Yeah, I wouldn't that be perfect for rick sand scissors house? Yeah, perfect sounds good to me. Thank and here he's bitching about the fact that this guy's trying to squeeze a couple of bucks Provides and he's looking for a channel seven discount. I'll give a channel seven discount for $2. The price is a plant if not I mean and and and and I'm speaking for all the weed pullers out there that call them Toes in relation contractors or landscapeers Where we'd bagged and and that did I mean there's no money and I don't know why I've been doing I because I'm brainless I'm sure but Maybe the plant weed the price of plant has not Somebody has a quantity this yeah, pretty embarrassed. I think the word you're looking for is cheap my friend and have a great day Thank you cheap bastard. That's what you are Rick Sanchez. Oh, yeah, well, when somebody bought something in the large Vodue. Yeah $1,000 dealer want to guide them discount For to make it all at money mr. Hotchat over there a channel seven on it and since a big list making the big bucks turns down jobs to go to other markets Because he wants to stick around here see if he could not get any more other other people off at the ballpark Rick Sanchez cheapest they come baby with his monkey grass Whatever they favorite it was a perfect plant for a perfect douche bag monkey grass for Rick Sanchez all right Hey, listen if you need a new mattress He like this vest is the black sheep back here is smoking through her rectum Wow look at that smoke at a beautiful cigar from next Right through her big back home. Thank you. Yeah What would I just pop it away Here's a mobile and highly hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't have great ask a question Speaking about my guires. I don't want to speak in a button just a question Do you think he has an outside chance to You force careers over at least 700 ohm months. I don't have any idea how many he's got Yeah, like I think close to 400 I guess Does he? Well, you know, he's got a long way to go for seven exactly. That's why I'm asking these guys what 35 years old Maybe they could play another four five years. Yeah four five times and I have no chance Even if he if he had 50 years for four years that's 200 more I know exactly it's uh it takes it takes many many years of consistent the hitting 40 and 45 and You know Well, that's the question I asked okay anyway Appreciate it. Yeah, now did okay here's a mobile in four lot of nail. Hello. Here we go. Oh this is a good. Yes nail. Yes, sir. God John the first time call I don't okay All right, you know first of all you have 448 on run no chance then All right one more question. You've got a chance at 715 on run side on the pins You know You've been to be played for it 4550 Till he till he's one yeah 45 or 50 right yeah no chance. Okay now about the baseball I mean would it like uh You know, he isn't the same as the guy doesn't want to give it back to anybody just wants to tell the one to tell it either Yeah, just want to keep it and what about that? What about it? Yeah, it's the you know I don't do that. Why not? The crew I mean you can take a home. There's not everything that forces him to give it back Another thing would it you know my go harder goes to the pump and Another hit 62 yeah, what about it? Then I guess he didn't go hit 62. Okay pretty profound here we go Okay, we have an open line in Broward five six one. He wanted the other guy was to a main press him with a call He didn't do it five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18 team line I'll tell you one thing two bad that they don't do like it regularly field Every time the opposing team hits all run they throw the ball back You talk about starting an immediate riot can you see that? Hit number 62 tonight right there in the first inning in St. Louis and some Jack has some wise guys Is hey, I don't want him this thing. I don't want to speak throws it back on a field 47,000 people come pouring out of the stands Mass grab ass ride out there right in the goddamn field at first stadium Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Good afternoon to her great call into tape who's taxed and I want to kind of Rest is a lot to your I told my vehicle one of my cars and I'm supposed to actually about Part six thousand laws under the value in the book how much I know that I'll have a six thousand I told the car For the both flag in the 94th about $8,000 worth about 13 and 14 I paid the bill. I actually told him to the individual and They contacted me about too much later from state department or actually department of the taxes and said that I Underpade to the fact that I told the car for way less than it was in the book and I Are you this I've basically told them that look this is the price that I want to sell them Well, I didn't pay that they finally sent me three of one notice I'm gonna pay over $200 in late payments on the differences about three of $400 to believe me They could do whatever so in other words they just make up this new scan that you have to wait They would they have a they have a book and they go by with the book is yeah Well, let me ask you this what is their book say about a baseball Yeah, that's what I'm saying they're telling you right how do you determine what fair market value is for a baseball That's involved in been breaking some kind of a a statistical record You're absolutely right just aren't you talking they determine what I want to throw my car right that's what I can Sounds like fashion and the me and they could still I'm adding and I had to pay the penalty and I had a paid the entrance and the fact so you get screwed Welcome America sir Thanks, that's the Donia Wow, how do you like that and I thought they were cleaning up the guy damn IRS doesn't sound like it to make sure for nodding him That's like Robin Hood. Yeah, she got a little man. That's right and giving it to the guy damn government again So we can waste all the money on screw it around him then Burton can go make some more illegitimate kids And I still want to know how come this self righteous pi s piece of right wing crap Dan Burton who sits there is the chairman of the house judiciary committee by the way and is trying to stick that full-dike in jail And it's called a president to scumbag We finally bring his ass out of the closet. He's got an illegitimate kid that he fathered back in early 80s who's a teenager now And there is there aren't 10 words about it on a goddamn TV there are in a five words about it anymore Story came out over the weekend that's yet to that But we're too busy investigating the president and going in an every guy then glory detail of what she did with a cigar Where she stuck at Niyati out of you and they did an elimmo, etc. And so on Talk about the podcast on the kettle pink in the purple with polka dots who the hell are we kidding here? And all these spineless gutless man now it's the middle of September all these politicians running like crazy. Oh, yeah Well, you got an election coming up. We got to cover your ass. That's what you're worried about Well Let's take Miami with 10 questions Marks hello Sir for the first time I disagree with you. Yeah, okay. I if I will cast a ball I'll catch it in what's a big problem with that I don't see what's a big deal and Why did I said it's up to you is what I said then we'll go over the public and get some fish Let me say it again. It's up to whoever catches it if you want to do that fine and if not that the kid the guys Not gonna kid that's what they had a whole bunch of these people knocking kids or anybody else who doesn't want a trillion dollars for the guy damn baseball That's up to them That's up to them and I think it's a breath of fresh air that not everybody in this country Consider only about money. It isn't just mercenary and wants to squeeze every damn time out of what they can get Markets up to 25 149 and the next that got 63 You know, I am wondering about these people who are buying all this stock today they're getting jumping on this What are they thinking about Well, what are they really thinking about why are would you be buying today? See, I'm looking at it thinking oh maybe now I can get out. You know that kind of thing If they do this for a couple more days, maybe some of this can get out You know, let me see there you go with that guy damn money thing again All things important in life than goddamn money. Let me first do those Emerald coast is the largest and best Chinese buffet in the town but all over the place you start to see other Chinese Reggie 560 Q 8 L The Roger's got that many drivers are not they'll turn you back She'll smother you to death as junk you sack That demon got a time Red for his life He dated her one time she thought she was a spy Where's your clothes where you're gone? Watches you sleep You think is casual blinks or be? That many drivers are not But what a bunch 154 at 560 WKM these little holios like that last one Recall you over the I have you if I got them all on me tell you pal the only balls you're gonna catch are in your mouth, okay? You're not catching obeys blockers the game is insane Louis. They're not playing anymore games here this year So you're not catching no ball you're not getting no million dollars you're not gonna pass gold, etc. and so on Now I want you to understand if I were in a position if I were happy to be in the stand and I caught the ball you're damn right I take the million dollars if somebody was stupid enough to offer it to me. That's not the point You want to give me a million dollars. Okay. Thank you small bills, please But the point is that there are some people including these kids who have got different set of values Nattitudes about it and then they're saying no way and the only thing we're hearing about in regards to this except for maybe two or three other calls Is that you know how much is the goddamn ball worth how much is this worth how much is that worth? I'll tell you how much most of those calls are worth Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hello Neil yes sir. How you doing great? I couldn't agree with you more It's just I believe what it is our society is so money hungry obsessed There's like sick it's like a neurosis with these people that when something like this does happen. They're so shocked And you know what I mean? No, I don't There's a shock that these kids have the Why did I see when when somebody is this mercenary is there? Yeah, sure and you know like Yourself if I call it the ball I would get the money sure But it's great and it's a breath of fresh air to see the kids and expressly down Four of them were hit in Miami and these people are saying all these kids are they're just kids You know they're being misled in the years for now. I mean now Maybe they will years from now say gee if I had to do it again, but in the meantime They're not doing it. That's true. It's such a breath of fresh air and these assholes are just jealous They're just they're just psychotic wishing that they were the ones out there trumpet around in center field Getting the baseball so they could have some claim to fame. Yeah, I think the baseball players should take Some advice from the kids. I mean I got some money stashed the way that's not because I cut off baseball Some time in my life it's because I worked for it. That's that's what it's supposed to be all about and I run around trying to catch it on souvenirs You know one more complaint I have yes, sir Have you noticed lately? Especially here in West Palm Beach maybe in Miami nobody If you go to like a drive through or something nobody says thank you nobody says have a good day anymore All right, what's wrong with that? Well, that's because this is South Florida is unbelievable just catching on to that You go anywhere else. It's completely different that's right. I was away I wasn't Toronto over the weekend you get an elevator with strangers good morning and whatever You walked on the hallway. There's the maiden ever saw before in your life Good morning, I mean people just being friendly. We're nearly people not here. There's no to think more and more Life time I heard somebody say have a nice day was when Sandy paint no pandemic ships will and got all been other show unreal and Neil How do we get what 69 in West Palm Beach with a good antenna? All right good luck pal. Bye. How did I get whammy up there? They're all seeing that thing out whammy We can't get any numbers out of that station even mash can't even squeeze out a I think I got squiggly lines is last time I checked they got just little squiggly lines because people said not that out on all the again Fath not that them a McLean Stevenson how many bombs did he have? There's a guy how many different series the no seriously what do you have like 75 different series that they try to make a TV star out of McLean Stevenson Did anyone on the panel? No, how about Jamie Farl like I said the other a since the quashos went off don't see him no more What do they have it on like four times a night when when is often as possible as often as the wall-house? Here's a North Miami hello Yeah, yes, sir. No, yes I bought this ball business. That little ball business. Yeah, with my warrior Everybody should be able to whatever they want to do that's right. That's right. That's right. What the hell if you want to get the ball back Funny if I got it I'll take the money for and not only that, but this is such a tremendous Accompanity, but is this all we got to talk about is how much money people are gonna get for the baseball? Why are people even worried about this? It's good of them someone I'm friends of a still all right Well, you have money this kid don't have money if I was if I was to get I take the money, but he's that's what he's choosing That's right. It's up to him. It's a free goddamn country. There you go. Amen. Uh-huh. Yeah, uh-huh What do you say? That's what I thought he said he's right. He's absolutely correct All these people will stay and then not only that, but somebody told me a long time ago Don't be a goddamn yenta, okay What are you sticking your nose with you? You're gonna get something out of it? No, got a little commission coming out of it What the y'all worried him fat on her shape of a what the kids got money you're not? Enjoy the moment, you know so can the excitement okay? Of course the problem like I said before is that element of people They're not sports fans. They don't root for teams all either was make a goddamn bet And if they can't catch a bet they don't give a flying crap about anything to rest of this All yeah, I'll tell you right now you can not cocky all you want, but is there anybody out there with a grandma centipus not gambling it goes on But is there anybody out there with brains that bet a lot of money in a hockey game? Oh first not People are fans are certain of the sports they go there because they love the sport for like football They took all the illegal gambling out of college and professional football you think we'd ever seen other games. Oh there you go So let's get serious. Let's draw the line between people already sports fans or people are like getting sucked in this because of the excitement of the moment and the occasion As opposed to those people are not a bunch of chronic neurotic gamblers Who can't sleep at night because they just lost the guy they mortgage money Hollywood would spend question mark. Shall I? Is what you know how I'm gonna win 40 games this year right that's unlike Andy from Hollywood didn't it? Andy from Hollywood let's hear it. We didn't want his facts before even we tried to compliment George George said no Thank you. I consider the source you're an asshole So Andy from Hollywood has to get his call in here even though it's almost hockey season I told him when hockey Seems starts it's only a couple weeks away that one of the few days away before we open camp with no gold tender by the way But Andy from Hollywood and but I'm glad he mentioned that Levi on God is brains bettered out there again He above nine ones or something like that in four and a third innings. Hey Andy, I think Levi's gonna win 40 games this year I got to seem to be lucky to win 50 games this year. They only got about 20 to go But be that as it may so what do we solve today we decided to draw