35 Marlins baseball, Dolphins football, and Hamter's hockey Right where you got it Sports radio 560 Q-8L Anybody have a heart or a liver? And now it's the continuing episode of Beaver in but hand That's cool Look, I'm stroking my waders Look at that, I'm like your lawyer That would be cool The 2nd next time is but hand, ask Mr. Cleaver Could you pick your butt with your nose? Of course not In 2014 on 560 WQM we have 2 open lines in date 560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's a mobile in Davy, hello Hey, um, my on? Yes sir All right, I just wanted to comment a real quick But the TV spot I saw on 560 so you have moths on there Yeah Yeah, something 2 of get rejected a lot when you were young men Yeah, I women? No, no, only by guys I mean, I never ask you about your mother I never ask women I don't know, what do you look like my hot shot friend in Davy You're doing your horse this week or what? Are we turning it down? Sorry 2 open lines today See that's why we're on radio Me, Hank, all of us here on this station We all know what we admitted But I'm like a hot guy's like you and Davy You have seen your crowd He's probably ahead of Paraventure right now 2 open lines and date 1 in Broward 560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Marky, hello Hello Yes sir Hey, how are you deal? Okay Is that too big George and you are Glover? No, it's not No, you and Greg I think it's what it is You sound more like his type 2 open lines and date 1 in Broward 560-560 on the AT&T Wireless line Mobile and Boka, hello Yes sir I gotta tell you that it's just big Anything like that is just big All right, I know you're a preference but I actually What is it? I mean doesn't it think? Doesn't what's thing You know, giving up the poops too I don't know sir I don't get it up to poops you do I don't get no Do you have any idea what the gay sex is all about Is that the only thing you know is anal sex? You write a gay people do? Let me ask you something Are there straight people that do that? No, straight guys don't are not interested in anal sex with their women That will be correct No, no, you either Sir, sir, sir, let me say it again Straight guys don't are not interested in giving anal sex to women Is that what you just said? No, no, no, no, that's not what I said I don't think it's the question You said no, they're not I misunderstood you sir So why would it be disgusting if gay people did it But if you want to do it to a woman, then it's okay Because it's still the opposite sex I mean if you decide to do it with the same sex Well, but then he or your saying is any kind of sex with the same sex is disgusting That'll be correct Okay, now if you ever watch lesbian porn homo movies Not lesbian Not lesbian, not lesbian, not lesbian So unless lesbian is a great man I'm top 10 of him with a big type of sex Ah, okay, so in other words, when band thank you man There you go, okay He wants to use a woman as a receptacle This is idea of a great loving relationship and what sex is all about There you go, two weeks is all more power to you pal He's he's headed for aventure Always headed he's heading for birdine, sorry We have an open line in the Broward 560505050 That's that's the thing that really cracks me up SNM, that's disgusting only fags do that right anal sex, that's disgusting only fags are doing that Come on honey turn over So why? Right Here's a mobile in my an addition to which nobody cares whether you think it's disgusting or not I couldn't care less Whatever the act is, now nobody cares about that That's not the point Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir How are you doing man? I'm talking about how things smell but anyway yes sir Okay, okay, why are you out of here talking about I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding Feeling good feeling on Miami Feeling from the people So what are you talking about? What line would you be speaking sir? Well the point is I mean I don't hear you talking about about it man Yeah East people I mean how it looks for these kids No, I'm not going to go down and tell to them okay, we're a bored with your crap Okay, we're not interested that's why we're not talking about it Nobody cares, we're used to it Open line in Broward 560505050505050508080 Wyrlust line So basically what we learned from the audience today is that I mean to the callers And then I'm not talking about the right stuff And at any kind of gay sex is disgusting and revolting But if this guy wants his own woman to turn over and wham bam, that's okay Then it's a beautiful loving thing Oh God, that's good, right Here's Miami, hello Hello Neil Yes sir How are you doing? Listen, I need you to help me out with something So what is it? It's a straight guy, it's from another guy He's the real show we say Right, oral sex, yeah So what? He's gay or what? No he's not He's not, huh? I think the word was horny, is you're looking for something This is my name is not on the ear or something, I'll be really honest Man a couple months ago Who's that? The beach down here in North Miami Beach Yes sir? You know what I'm talking about? Right? And what you're talking about the beach and North Miami Beach I had a little encounter in the bathroom Yeah And I'm a straight guy, I think I'm straight But I got to be honest man What the guy... Well, what do you mean you think you're straight? I know I am, I know I am Are you married? Yes I am Yeah And you know what? The guy did certain things I don't think I could ever get from my wife Exactly Honestly, I'm being honest I mean this is something I'm going to disclose to every single friend of mine What I ask you, let me ask you this, does your wife have a penis? Obviously not Obviously not So she doesn't know that much about one That's my point, that's my point And you know what the happen ever experience with thousands of them But unless you've got your own you'll never really truly understand what it's all about It's like a breast, you know I mean you and I don't have a breast So we can never really no matter how many breast you may have found I mean I don't really really truly understand what a breast is What does feels like And exactly and how to properly massage or etc But you don't have to do something I graduated from a high school down here in the day county Yeah And listening to your wife, I don't like that I don't like that Well let me just say, listen to your show I didn't know there were so many, you know I hate to say the word But facts of that, that's school So Lynn Jesuit Is what? The Lynn Jesuit Oh my god And now I'm a fact in the church You know what, I've been calling my friends and everything And they're like, yeah right, you never knew Yeah right, I'm like no, I never knew It turns out you were like George, you were very naive And living in a sheltered world, that's right Even though you thought you were Mr. Hotchard into it all Exactly, I thought exactly, right I'm calling my friends now and I'm telling them And then of course I'm not going to tell anyone what it's I don't read everything but it turns out this guy could tell you Lori holds the throughout date, rower, west, prom county and everything Let me say it again when you hear this drilling sounds And then conventionally that's when you get up and run and call for the Pop in the police Hopefully not the pope Neil, anyways, I love your show And but I have to be honest That's this who's not for me man I'm a diabetic and that's probably kill me Don't do it Exactly Okay, see you at the beach pal Thanks a lot There you go, rest my case there's the best quality You're a C. If you keep fishing around and fish your monologue enough You'll find an honest person out there and honest person with some balls I'm not interested in your comment because no matter what they say You're going to disagree because you're one of these No-wittals who thinks that you know everything and you don't You're wrong Like the guy who called before about, you know, well that's a dirty Down there, well let me ask you something pal Speak up things that smell and maybe ain't that clean Oh, God Oh, God Thank God, didn't have no lunch today But you don't know anything about that You've never been down there No, I have not and you know what? I have no interest Oh, so in other words, you're telling me that it's always a beautiful lovely thing Is that what you're saying? Oh, okay I mean here's a guy that got 40 pounds of pecorino cheese His own problems and he's worried about other people's private Oh, this clean is a whistle Yeah, right I don't hear nobody whistle Yeah A mobile in Miami, hello Mobile in Miami, yes sir Yeah, I'm not just want to say it's no fact that it's church or a fact that it's for a great Hey, I can get you a good bag Yeah, you're okay, great All right, and good What language he be speaking, huh? Good, God, all mighty I said we had a lot of spurtures listening I didn't see we wanted them calling We have an open line in date 567560, Pont560 on the AT&T wireless line Where we be going Oh, a lady mobile in Miami Beach, hello Hello Yes, man Yeah, I love your show One time listener never has a nurse to call But he has to listen to these guys calling I just, I had to get up the nerve and dialed the phone Well, good for you I think Because I don't know what country that I've, I don't know where they're from They're not and they're all full of it Because I'll be honest and I'll grow up here for the show Okay I've had three songs and they are exciting as hell And with my boyfriend and another guy And my guy is not gay But when you go forward, you go for it Yeah And it doesn't make any less man or anything else I mean, what's the big deal? Isn't everything okay? As long as it's okay with the people that are doing it Over 21 or whatever I mean, what do you want to do? I mean, what do you want to do? I mean, what do you want to do? I mean, it's not 90s It's the gay 90s It's the gay 90s That's right, get over it And I wanted to tell you that I tried to move to the first time And I had to fund the long time I really had to fund for it It's not really available to much of Miami Beach No thank God for that We do want to put those old people right over the years Put them away And I'm a long time catch potato with it I know how to do a pint man But I couldn't do it I couldn't do that whole thing To rich So much, yeah, too much To rich To rich To rich, to fabulous But it took me twice You know something I had, I was thinking yesterday What would be really great Would be to take a pint of fish Put it in a big bowl And to cover it with either smarties Which most people don't know that So you take M&Ms, I guess, would have to settle Cover it with M&Ms And then put it in the microwave for about 30 seconds Oh my god, you would be right off the edge of the mat Oh my god, did you say you were a diabetic? Yeah I do not take it No No, I'm just trying to prove a point I have to tell you one more thing, off the subject But only because I've heard you scream about it And I've always, you know, when I'm listening in my car I take my head and take it Yeah, yeah What's up with these new y'all fans You can hear about my accent That's probably right What's up with these new y'all fans With this, this Patrick Ewing fetish What is up with it? What's it Patrick ever do for them? It's so easy, how does shots I don't know, maybe they're all anthropology students I have no idea Well, Pat Ewing looks like a mountain gorilla There you go, I'm going to try to point That's the fun of the planet Have a great day sweetheart You too See you The places you can buy a mattress You department store your fancy bedding store But you know the best place Think about it It's comfortable, you don't have to drive around for an hour looking for parking Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers No call today It's all been previously recorded The best of Neil on 560 QAM It's all been previously recorded The best of Neil on 560 QAM It's all been previously recorded The best of Neil on 560 QAM It's all been previously recorded The best of Neil Rogers on 360 QAM We got it Water 14 feet above the key of the 10 minutes It's like I picked a long week with smoke In a four-piece, in all three holes And in both of them six It's like I picked a long week with drink When can we get on the wave, dammit? Get that finger out of your ear You don't know what that finger's been That's five compartments It looks like a big Tylenol She can stay in slow But the first four compartments reach But not five If our wrist is there, wait? Not five Like I picked a long week, put on a set of each The water will spill over the tops of the boat hits There's no stopings Here, here, here Jerk, there's a fire in the barn From this moment, no matter what we do Me, you're John Big three Titanic, we'll phone her I just want to tell you both good luck We're all counting on you Well, I believe you may get your headlines Mr. this may There's a seal at pennies Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls Failing Where did you get that dress? It's awful on those shoes And that poachee Wonder where it hangs out of pennies Caught thirty and five sixty WKUAIAM in the foans Man, we got one line on there Everybody else has gone dead Was surprised on Monday, huh? Yeah, we were rolling along Every time we were doing too well I was doing too well But the audience, I can't get them About a sea mine is still Five six seven O five sixty All of day, wide open Two and a row And five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Mobile and Helen Dale, hello Like I said, out of calls, that's the end today Moe did two and a half hours, that's not bad to start the week On freaking Unbelievable, this time Just continues to be Day after day after day Like the old singles, you get what you deserve Five six seven, O five sixty, pound five sixty On the AT&T wireless line on your compulsory The legal gambling station I don't care about the next I don't care about the heat I don't care about Patrick Ewing I don't care about any of that crap Okay, I don't care about the monkey jungle Not interested What are they doing at there too? Here's the plantation, hello Try to call you early here And come me off for a second Play the bag, please take you to Mmm Refference playing the bag, five sir The answer is No If you call me again 15 minutes, it's still going to be No In a half hour? No In 45 minutes? No Here from Shivou Two days after Easter? No Good Friday? Two open lines in day Then one in Broward Five six seven O five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Had a great appearance In the next one said Had a ton of people She went by the way Great time And then I came in here this morning With tons of material With loads of crap And then we start taking phone calls I think eliminating phone calls Could be the answer on this show You know what? Any from my download? I think just get rid of the God damn phone Just take this instrument right there How lot of here might be the answer This God damn show Could be in this town after all these years Wasted my time with us? Here's a mobile in Jupiter Hello Hi, yeah? Yes sir Great How long the beers together? Yeah, we did old story With a film Oh, yeah, with a film Yeah, old story Like I said from last week I talked about it Oh, okay I'll keep the trip Okay Two open lines in day one in Broward Five six seven O five sixty pound you know something I don't even know why I go through that Poor play on here the first hour Today was like an hour Of all kinds of good crap And you know because they never respond to anything And then they're like all struggling for material But hey, you hear it you hear it you hear it Oh, George Washington I wouldn't teeth anyone to the dead Yeah, right we heard about it Chop down a cherry tree to weird Way way way behind I mean they're like in the twilight zone There are 50 million years behind what's going on now Oh, you hear the Marlins when a world series Oh my god, let's have a goddamn parade Oh, Polock and hello Hello Yes sir Yes, your opinion about great guys You see being the next from other guys doesn't make them gay Is that a statement or a question? Yeah, that's a question of that My opinion why? Of course it doesn't make you gay What you do doesn't make you gay or straight You mean you are whatever you are That makes you bisexual No, it doesn't But no, it does not Fife sexual people are people who frequently have Because let me ask you something When guys are adolescents You know I don't know about girls I never was a girl Not yet But when guys are adolescents they screw around with each other right No I don't have a girl Adult women You're not a lesser today Only gay males screw around with each other when they're like teenagers Yeah, okay, thank you sir Okay, that's yet to show today You know, there was something it is so shocking to me That there are some people who are so repressed Metaly, mentally Who have to block things out in their lives And let me say it again Most young males do screw around Okay, because they're curious Because it feels good because whatever the reason might be That doesn't make them gay It doesn't make them anything It makes them horny That's all it makes I mean this is frightening Yeah, we're fine Yeah Yeah, what? Do you have a way around? It's frightening Yeah, oh yeah, well too bad Too old for many guys right now 560, 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T Wireless One That's this guy just Oh no, don't he fagged you that Ramp course Right Yeah, you're so full of crap, you're so full of garbage Only fagged you that one there kids, right That's right Let me what about I know Here's Miramar, hello You? Yes You ever trained? Okay, yeah, I tried hanging up on a hedgehog Like you in a work like a charm, you know Too old for lives that see is now they're crumbling They're coming apart of the scene this morning This massive gigantic audience they're falling apart Because they can't cope with this stuff See, I don't ordinarily even talk about stuff like this Because I know that they can't cope with it Because this is the most neurotic, uptight sexual country I mean it's okay the president's getting blow jobs And finally we've advanced to the point We can handle that, we don't want to know about it But we can handle it It's possible And the economy is good all the marketing too good today But nevertheless the skies and falling And so we can handle that But when it comes to our own attitudes about things Oh, then it's a whole different ball game Well, nobody does that Okay, I believe you In fact the guys on the internet They just made all this stuff This is just the joke, the white lot of nail It was all state was like Jerry Springer was just staged The whole staff from Channel 10 And they were young and twisting and pulling and grabbing it And they were like, look at under the stall Here's a mobile and plantation, hello Hey, no, yes sir Hey, I just called tail in your conversation So, forgive me if I'm a turning over which you've already talked about But I'm a psychologist and you're exactly right about the experimentation Homosexuality that the two are definitely not linked I mean there are obviously homosexuals Begin with the experimentation But that doesn't necessarily mean that If somebody is, you know, at any time in their life is experimenting and there's, you know, in the abstract or the same sex that it doesn't have anything to do with their Given sexuality I mean if these very, very contemplated people Realized how many gay males were married Right? Women Right And the fact that they're having sex with those women And also having children in the media cases Doesn't make them straight That's exactly right You know, are what you are, you can't add out of care What any song that it ends people try to give you about cures and about psychotherapy and listen to, you are what you are That's exactly right And the only person who's a classic example of that Right, right He didn't get AIDS from his wife The same is also true though to alleviate these fears of, you know, men often come into therapy You know, with a lot of problems Because they, at some point in their life It engage in some homosexual activity And they have these deep psychotherapy There's a big impact We have a gay, but that doesn't mean they're gay It goes both ways Oh, how pathetic So that's all And the thing that we got people up tight about sex Education in this country What the people in this country know about sex I'm not talking about doing it But what they know about it is so minimal Let it's frightening Well, you know, if you look to history That the point in history Where sexual diseases And, you know, prostitution Where at their highest was in the Victorian era When there was the most repression Right Whenever you try to repress something The porch can blossom in some other area Okay Thanks, let him Ever agree to it You know, there seemed to be a zillion shoestores all over town But there's one that really is unique and far above The rest that's brandy's in Pompano Beach And there's just driving down a high 90-foot They said he was unstoppable From the heights of his career To his untimely death He was the white star line of the Pornau industry And now James Cameron brings his epic to the big screen Find out what got his huge ship up And the many lost souls that went down on it In two hours and twenty minutes It's a law Law We, you long love story That'll have you on the edge Waiting for the climax And when it comes You will too K-dwindslet is the deep-lawed rose And we get on to Caprio is John Holmes In gigantic No show in Okay, 18 till 11.56 The QAM so our faxor From the internet expert I wonder who uses my scissors But anyway, well he hops on it fast I can see that from these faxes Now he gives me the Browardless Pretty small list by the one But he's got on here the Sudrass Mills Mall And sunrise The rest room located near the target in Prince Inside The Mall is very cruzy Young guys in tourist always looking for action J.C. Penny is always popular Also poppers Or J.C. Penny Wow, I didn't realize We have an open line in date 560-560 on the 18-T Wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Hello Yes sir Hey, this is Joey Pakistan I'm just clonter Mind that tomorrow is veto for Leonis But yeah, well great That's good, very good Joey, you're about as funny as a Is a gigantic tumour on your 560-560-18-T I think Joey is on the way to pennies of the S.M. Here's Miami Hello Yes sir The speed 80 percent Of young men experiment 60-80 percent Of young men experiment with other Young boys actually Right I'm reading a read of a book Well if it's in a book it must be true Yeah Yeah, it's interesting The guys that I young guys When I was a kid at the lesson that I flew Every single one of them turned out to be Straighten got married in the head kid And a family I don't know any one of them That turned out to be me How do you like that? I think