Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Neil got it. Yes sir. Oh Jesus, hold on. Corrective. He called us to you after that. That would make him the two-sided year 2000 problem. Yes? What are you doing? Um, well, I just finished. Okay. Anyway, uh... Words were in graduation. Well, kind of like that. Anyway, um, but that went to Albion College. Are you serious? I'm serious. Albion College, I broadcast their football and basketball games. I'm believe it won't for a couple of years. Speaking of broadcasting, it's the same that Harry Carries and around this year. Listen, that's why I keep saying it's a real shame that all the crap that he put up with all the way he did get 80, 49, he did win the division. But all the bull crap that he went up with what our sensational year that there haven't an eyes in a box. That really was a fast-marsco little bit. I don't know. I play out. He's from Detroit, but I've been to Regalicials and it's a good place to put the real time. Chicago is great. Yep. Chicago is a thumb-boy of all right. That'll never happen. Ever. Nothing like that over there. There's no atmosphere here. I mean, TV parts are not about tweeting, but there's absolutely no atmosphere out there. And the people are there and nothing about the game and they're not into the game. And it's like any other sporting event. Most of them are posing. They're out there to socialize and get drunk. And they haven't got the thought of this or what's going on. And that's the nature of what it's all about. Yeah. They give those tickets away. And even a lot of times, then people don't show up. But 12,000 right off the bat is automatic because they're corporate seats. I don't think it's a political thing. It is. I don't really want to talk about that. If happened in any other, any other real sports, that which this is not like I've been saying for months, though, there'd be revolutions in the streets. And the sports writers are leading those revolutions and making it people psychotic. And here it's like, wow, we're pissed away, but to care. It makes me want to too. You know, I had a friend that came down last night from Port Saint Lusley. Yeah. See, Ronald McDonald. Mm-hmm. And I just refused to put my butt on a low seat. I went to opening day game when I boot-wain. That was good enough for me. Excellent. And when every public stock is dropping like a bomb, you should have a list of things that we know. So we could like not, you know, use them. You mean like national car rental? And, uh, automation and, uh, other things. And what else? That's a good idea. Maybe we can get some people called in and give us some, uh, some enterprise that he's involved in. And of course, we sure don't. We sure want to buy their Republican history stock. And then it's a Florida path to stock because it's dropping like a rock. So all the, uh, let's see, automation, um, uh, here's 66.0. Hi. Very, very, other things. I was watching Classic Sports Channel the other day. Yeah, it's a good channel. Yeah. We're getting a free sample on, um, whatever, Comcast for a couple weeks. Right. And the other day I caught the night sitting at 2 and a day in, and I was just 16, World Series. Mm-hmm. With the Tigers and Colonel. Right. And I swear, I'm not sure, but I think it was Harry Carrey doing the game. Did he used to do Cardinals? Oh, sure. He did the Cardinals for years and years from the 40s, 50s and 60s. And then he starts screwing around with allgy bushes. Why if he didn't got came. Now that is true. It's a true story. Well, I tuned in and I just caught the night sitting, but I figured it was Harry. It sounded like him and it just gave me goosebumps. Because I'm from Detroit. Now, remember that series. And that's great. Help me. Help me. It's a fun. Yeah. That's great. Um, yesterday, you're not going to believe this one. The, or I just tuned in a while ago. But yesterday, I had my teeth cleaned. Yeah. And my dental hygienist is a bat. And we were talking to stuff. Yeah, I'm all right. She was in your mouth. Yeah. And it's her vibrates now, too. All right. It's unbelievable. But we were talking about things to do and stuff like that. And he said, she would like to go to. The almond brothers concert. Hold on. Please. Hey, hold on. Ha ha ha. All of a sudden, everybody's big almond brothers friends. Man, where the hell are they? Oh, and what the hell am I? You know, I never even dawn on me. You know what? You know, instead of them, you know what you're immediately Come to mind. The moment that you hear that music, you do know, don't you, Mr. Huh? Demy. Why do you do this to me? That great scene in the access. That poor priest sitting there in the bar, ah, I've lost my faith. I don't know what to do. What to do. You might be a Almard Tina when the godfather. And of course, the other priest wouldn't slap him in a post like Marlon Brando, so he just continued being an old-fashioned priest. Or young-fag priest in his case, father Keras. No relation to Alex, by the way. It's 1141 at 560WQ. By the way, that's just, just an anime. That's who fact Joel looks like Alex Keras. Hey, if you love a great cigar and Oh. And the drug manufacturers, here's a foreloader deal. Go on, yes sir. Yes, good morning, Neil, first time, long time. Uh-huh. That guy that had to be shocked back when I was really so shocked from the partner he was with, that's why he needed to be shocked. Uh-huh. Anyway, I call him about the, you're talking about people in the National Anthem that's standing up in. Yeah. That's one thing that fires me up and then I get to the spot. Really? They just, I mean, you go to a lot more hockey games than I do. Yes, I do. I know I have sat in all different sections of that arena and, it's terrible. I mean, really just, they don't stand your relationship. I'm sorry. They don't have, they do stand, but now they're like talking and there's all kinds of my disrespect. There's no respect for anything anymore. People are just rowdy and out of control. You're right. Absolutely. I took some German clients of ours to a game last year. Oh, and I was embarrassed. I was absolutely, I was absolutely scared. I was afraid of playing a good slender brawl with this kind of thing. Well, you get to about the journeyway. It's just absolutely rude to these people today. You know, I don't mind them not standing, but they have to be talking and joking and laughing. You know, they got their phone boy. Well, anyway, I saw some for a couple tickets there. No, I don't think so. This guy wants to go see the almond-breadding? Oh, Canada, you think that you're in love. You stole our old star game. And then there's always... Oh, no, not there. There's always. Canada, our old man, be a great guy. There's a great national anthem, but nobody knows the words to it. And what I really love is like when they play hockey and Montreal and they sing it like a... They sing part in English and then they go into French and then back and forth and forth and back. And you haven't got any idea what to talk about, and guess what? Neither today. But it's a great national anthem, and certainly much better than that stupid star-spangled banner. I mean, can't we get like, you're a gooder to do, new national, we already have? If I had to hear Gary Glitter one more time, that may put me over the edge, that may keep me in the house forever. One great reason, we don't have to have a top ten list. Here's the top one list of why you don't want to go to sporting event because Gary Glitter. Tada! Oh, look at that, just not... Here we go, get his dock at the table again. I just knocked all that crap on the floor. The poor popel'd ever be the same again. Just knocked his a schmoth off. Look at that guy, he's getting a helping hand there, another schmotha. From Father 2. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Well, I see him in the grove now, but you were talking... Like I said, let's go to Cuckoo and Grow. Exactly. Hey, at least here we put the world a little bit more comfortable. You know, you were talking about the sporting events that he did last year on that call. All of you, you're more capable. What was that man, you're more capable of having a grow? Not standing for the national anthem. When I go to Pro Player Stadium, you know, for the Dalton's game, they do shush and stand for the super player. You know, to me, do you stand for the player? Oh, hello, Moth. And I don't stand there and shush it firing. One person who stands for the players at the football game. This is a astonish. We better get a search party. I have a friend of mine who goes to the game with me. Does stand for the player and tells me that shush I'm being disrespectful to his beliefs because I don't sit there. How started making a lot of noise? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. No, Gila, just started making a lot of noise. You know, sing and dumb song. I was listening to a super talk the other night and I heard something that totally disgusted. Totally grossed me out. You remember when they did the thing with the snowballing? They had a thing they were talking about shwemping last night. Yeah, what's that? What's that? You are with another guy. Oh, you're talking? What? Toes sucking? No, it's not saying toes sucking. Don't you close for a lunchtime for my, oh, that's belching. That's frown. Felching? Yeah. How about a real thing? How about fetching? How do you know it's not a real thing? How do you know? How do you know? Mr. Highett's image. Mr. Living a very sheltered world. Who thinks he knows something about anything? Would he doesn't? Away to Monday, by the way, Monday's the day at Labor Day. George is going to be doing the show for four hours on Monday. Mr. Smarty pants. And you can educate him as to what life is really all about. Seriously, you really think you know something and you know a little bit, but you're like so far on the edges of reality. You really aren't. Just because you don't want your gay fantasy violated. No, my gay fantasies. Oh, boy, you're the last part of any gay fantasies I got. And I had nothing to do with me. Yeah, that's the reason I'm sure. Yeah, huh? Oh, ha ha ha ha. Here's homestead, hello. Yes, sir. First time long time. All right. I was just calling you up. You could figure out who is trying to emulate who Rick Sandcams or Brian Norcall. Can you imagine those two on the same station? Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line in day one in Brown. What he's saying? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's 1156 at QM Hank Goldberg from Shulose Day 2 with 2. We got Jim Mandage. Yes. From 3. 6 to 7, 15 with his potty mouth sports show. And then we got the college football. Who is it? Virginia Tech and Auburn. A couple of losers like that. Anyway, it's a 4B-foot talk to some read-cult real college. Huh? Three more? Trace Moss? So how come we don't play the, what would they play? They certainly wouldn't play the Cuban Nation Lampum at the Spick Events. What would they play? What's the Spick Event at? Cockfight? Yeah. What would the Nation Lampum play there? What would we give away six already at the time you counting out six? Well, like I said, only two more pair of boy, but it milk those real good. If you're carp 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. And this is good little meatball and cheese from the inside. I'm sucking out the inside. Oh, baby, Paul and cheese half a sub. Hey, this is good. I might just get this every now and then from truck. From our friends chuck at the sub center over there across the street. Kitty corner on a 4.40 one along the Ivory Road. Good people over there, man. They deliver the good stuff. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Happy Thursday. And back to you. It's a great day for the Irish. Oh, yeah. And the dude who bad either. I'm sorry. Great. Good to hear it. Where will we might be? Hey, my pleasure to talk to you on and off this morning. I don't know if you discussed this guy's trial. He started this morning with me, right? I'm just touched it now. I don't know if you've been talking about how they say that there's some of the guy that did it. They're going to bring him in kind of like a, in a perimation scene and they're going to bring this other guy and say this is the murderer. Right. He said that the guy who's not convicted that he accused, he would rather die in an America for a crime. He is not committed. Then returned to Cuba. Yeah. I'll help you. I'll help you. All right. We'll take care of him. Okay. Neil, one more time. I was watching your show last night with a female friend. And I always hear you ask, and you know, why is it the women hate me like poison? Yes sir. And we're watching the show. Yuckin' it up. We thought it was great. And then you went to you were reading the article and an app tol and choir about the Bill Clinton. And everything was funny until you said the bill told her to sit down and shut up bitch. Yeah. And then I was cracking up. I look over her and she had a real serious look on her face. I think it says a women, I don't want to generalize, but for my experience, don't have a good attention to humor. Guys, King bitch. There you go. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yeah. Side line. Yeah. Anyhow. Anyway. Yes sir. Good story though. How about that? It's getting big. She must know path. I mean, you know, so what tells Ron would call in some nasty, broad a bitch. That's the American fucking way. Hey men's sweetheart, you said it. And she ought to know. Well, it's big on the TV show by the way. I don't get this stuck on my throat and the cheese too. Ever get cheese stuck in your throat? I got a great line for that if you know any Hispanics. But anyway. Well, whammy on Friday is starting tomorrow. We're going to be out at 930 and 1030 and that 10 is moving to 8 o'clock. Or is it 8th? 8th that's moving to 10 o'clock. 10s is moving Fridays. God, you're telling me with this stuff. A little piece of cheese went down around tube. Oh, here it is. Oh yeah, play. Oh, beauty. But not still in there. Oh. God, watch this man choke to that. This wouldn't be the first time. Oh, here it is. Oh, gross. Hmm, kind of tasty. But anyway, so 10s is going to be on 8 o'clock on Fridays. And we'll continue. Well, start being again 930 and 1030. We should have been all along. And then what else? What was the other thing? They didn't go to the right store. Oh, and they did not go to the right store. I probably had more important than enjoyable things to do. We can only hope for their sake. Then see Rod Stewart. Oh, SEGI old ugly washed out. Could never sing a song anyway. Maggie, mate. Yeah, he's great. Him and Jimmy Buffett. We have an open line in date 560, 560, 560 on the mobile 1901 parallel. And the week he takes some real calls about Mark McGuire McDonald. And talk to some of the people with the ballpark last night. Those 45,000 screaming wild people who didn't go home with the ball. Already money. But maybe had a good time. I would hope. Here's my any, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I went to the game last night. And they fogging. And I'm one of those few of crowd that liked to drink and socialize there. I'll tell you a truth of the baseball games or more teams and football games are because I'm far. I got a lot more rowdy people. Do you want to know why? Because there's no tailgate parties that could you drop before you walk in? Yeah, I mean, I love drinking beer. Don't give me wrong, but there is a no. The crowd is definitely a lot lower. Yep. By the way, the game was all right last night. I had a good time. Oh, I even drank up here with a Jew and I think you guys are pretty cool people. Oh, all right. That's all I had to say. A matter of material. God bless you, sir. Okay. Go get another couple of cases. We have an open line. That was a real case. Open line in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I'll go. I will say this. If you're going to go to a Marlon game. Especially if I mark my Guam McDonald's in plan or somebody like that or Sammy Sosa. You might as well get stone, huh? Stone, drunk whatever. Because what? Why else would you go there? In fact, why would you go there, period? Setting aside the Markman Guarthing. Why would anybody go there, period? Now, this team is going to lose way more than a hundred games. Wayne has slapped you in a face just to board your view and carries on like a cry baby. Well, you're not going to build me a stadium. Your goddamn right. We're not baldy. And they still go there and they continue subsidizing and buying that crappy food in the stand. I don't get it. I just do what I understand it. Davey, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you doing great. Um, true baseball fan here. I went to the last two Marlon games. Great. And big macus just unbelievable. But any true fan that was there would tell you brought tears to his eyes to watch those home runs. Hmm. But on to bigger and better things with that prick, high singer. Of course it usually does bring you tears to your eyes when you want to the Marlon. Yeah. Kidding. Why do you put a fence up with a two home runs we're hit the night before? So nobody can get a ball between people from self. Hmm. That was right. That was a fence was put directly right. And here's nothing for you. You guys hold family up there searching for balls. Yeah. Yeah. But I wanted to one thing. I heard that one of the sons has been doing that for a long time. But anyway. But he just bought a house in the end tuck it. Right. For seven million dollars. Right. And what is the pay roll of the Marlon? That's potty mouth that keeps crying poverty. Right. He's got one way to know what to do with. What he's doing to sell the team and give it to somebody who really. Why don't he pray that these stories about John Henry being on a verge of buying a Marlon's are true. And like I said before, hopefully he's got a few a million dollars left over to by the Panthers. I know that's called his bald headed bastard back where we came from. He's got a dog or whatever. He needs to go. The stick is heading the dumpster. That's where he belongs. Have a great day. Well, there's a guy at time. They're right. He went to the live two games and Big Mac hit two on Monday or Tuesday and two last night. Nice going. Big Mac. You know, you're a poor guy. He's okay in my book. We finally got somebody who's, you know, a good guy. That's all. I mean, what more do you need to say about him? He's a good guy. He's got a bad complex. He's boring. But he's a good guy. He's treated the media very. He's handled a pressure tremendously well. Good for baseball. Good for America. There we go. That's what Ronald Reagan would say. He's good for America. At the time, we need something good for America, right? I guarantee a monochlorist. You don't have no dress with Markman Wires sports. I guarantee that. Oh, she does. When's mom bringing that one on? I'll see that. There we go. You think that those baseballs are valuable souvenirs. Nine minutes passed known at five, 60 WQN if you're. Hey, yeah. He's down on your hands and he's and lick my boots. I mean, don't you once in a while take notice when something like amazing happens? When somebody is making a major achievement, even though he didn't just discover a cure for cancer or something, you know, that's going to last in the history of all time as part of the human race, except in the record books of sports, which isn't that important, but nevertheless, they don't care. Here's a call spring, hello. And you know, first of all, I want you to know that I stand up during the prayers of pro player. Okay. And I'm proud to do so. What's that? Well, because I don't go into church churches man-made, okay. And I don't go to sitting there deposit anything at all, including money into something, which is going into the Pope and he can invest in the stock market, it makes me sick. Yeah. I'd go there second of all Markman Wires. I can't answer my question. Why are you proud to stand for it? I don't get it. Why should there be a prayer to football game? Well, it's just the fact that, you know, that I have my own personal beliefs in my own. I don't belong to any organ as religion. For me to be able to have that moment of time where I could sit there and do that, you know, why not? Well, in other words, you don't have, you must have a very busy life. Do you have any other moments of time where you can do that? Well, no. But I'm just saying that, you know, I also, you know, I'm present like, especially to football game without violence. It is that somebody doesn't get paralyzed, like, rich you brown from the lions. Last year, I remember against the jet. What does that have to do with Santa Prayer? Well, I mean, just Santa Prayer that nobody gets, you know, hurt, you know, I mean, I mean, like, I mean, I mean, something like that. I mean, just even putting a prayer up for somebody, you know? I mean, just, it's just an extra moment to be able to get out of the football field. Okay, so it's good. So it's commercialized to be able to have a moment of prayer, you know, it doesn't. I'm not going to do it commercial or anything. And I asked it with how silly that is that if there were God, he'd be where look out over and over guys who are playing football. You know, I guess that's true. And I also want to say that, you know, Mark McWyer, you know, yeah, you're right. He's a simple guy there and you want to know something. He, he's going to transcend the record books because, you know, I don't know if you read the article and something to say about what he's doing about abuse about the PSA, and he's the first one to come out and do a PSA about child sexual abuse. Yeah. I mean, I thought that that right there alone. I mean, in the fact that he won't go and he won't be like, Jose can say go in the rest of the households and sit there and charge for autographs. And he won't sit there and do autographs. And he actually goes into these memorabilia places, call these guys, the households and says, hey, that's not my autograph. Don't buy it and put it down. And, you know, I mean, he actually does that and he actually cares. Right. I mean, and that's what I like about Mark McWyer is that he cares. And, you know, what because of that and because he's human being, I think the person when he breaks the record and he's going to be the one to do it. I think that that is just going to be better. And, you know, what maybe we'll have something else to remind us during this time this year, which besides Monica Lewinsky down underneath, I think maybe we'll have something else good to remember instead of something else bad. Thanks Neil. Okay, Baba said it was pretty good. We have an open line in Broward, five six to all, listen. I mean, just wind him up and let him go. He was wound up like a guy named alarm clock. Let him go, went and out, spinning out. The dial's down 79. It was over 100, again, but it's all over the place. And the next time 14. I'm just keeping you abreast if you're not near a TV, said if you don't have one of those little ticker things, you know. I'm just letting you know it's not all that bad. It's not good. Europe took a dump overnight, Japan. All that Asian stuff. They're having real problems, but, you know, who cares about a worldwide recession? As long as we got to those baseballs to sell. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. Hey, I was just going about that guy, and I was going to get a big deal. Yeah, my dad just moved up there. He was just about a block and a half away from a really big deal. Great. Good neighborhood. Great. And you know, I only played the, no place down here in Miami. You can walk out of stadium and, you know, get a drinker. Get a nice meal or something. You walk out of Miami, reading, you know, get mugged. Right. So, you know, that's all. You know, you walk out of Miami, reading. You run out of Miami. Yeah, you run car and those, those faces you can. Yeah, but just, you should, you should, you should, take it a trip up there. And, you know, you know, we did a couple of shows from Murphy's bleachers, which is right across this street from, this is a few years ago, right across this street from Rigby Field. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, got to cut from everything from that right. Yeah, I went to summer, my dad and that went to a couple of games. Yeah, a lot of fun. Great. Great. Oh, good. Have a great day. You do. Yeah, that's a real place with real people in a real city and the real downtown there, the loop because they like I told it. They stuck all the shepherds out waiting in the suburbs. And, you know, I mean, that's just the way you got to do it. Well, no, there's a lot of affluent black people in the Chicago. Go to course, they can afford to live wherever they want, which is fine. I think that anybody was there, no matter what. If they can afford to live in a nice neighborhood, great. But I mean, if there are people who are like, you know, sloppers, no matter whether they're black or white, let the white sloppers live out in the trailer park and let the black sloppers live out there in Cicero and maybe wood, whatever it hell they are. Cicero, what's the other one? Washington Park and sports in parks. This is always one and the other one is come on, come on, come on, come on. Homewood. Let's go to Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I long time not the first time long time. Neil, listen, I want to talk to you both to things. First of all, you were mentioning, I'm a Colombian spick. 25 year old? Yeah. Yeah. This is Alex. I haven't called you in a long time. Any good drugs? No, I don't do drugs. You were, you mentioned something about a certain mob, but I didn't know who the three lead slators ran to the dark. Yeah. It's the judicial, executive, and all the boy. I had and I just forgot it. You're a logist, lead slator, judicial, and executive. Right. Neil, one thing I wanted to talk to you about, it doesn't matter who breaks the record, Roger Mercer's record. It's, a lot of people are going around saying it's right. Simon's also a Mark McGuire going to do it. It doesn't matter who, as long as it gets broken, right, that's what it all comes out to. That's why everybody's excited, right? What do you mean by that? Well, what do you mean everybody's, whoever does it, that's the person that's going to get the attention. I mean, it's not being done by somebody anonymous. It's not like, no, no, no, but what's going on is a, the main reason everybody's excited is because it's the record is it can be broken? Right. So it doesn't matter who, a, which one of the two players I can break? I mean, it depends on who it depends on. I think they're both going to break it, but I depend on that. I mean, I think we'll, also, which leads me to my next topic. Are you a, are you a kind of Bill Clement? Bill Clement? Right. Who does the color on a hockey game? Right. He's good. Yeah, he is pretty good. And you know what, last time when, when they saw the highlights of Mark McGuire, I mean, he didn't fit to the game, to the game, to the game. I was telling my uncle, I said, you know what? I think Mark McGuire has a good shot of making probably up to 70 home runs. Yeah. And I, I would just tell him, nobody else, nobody else has the both to go out that far. And guess what? I turned it to his skin and Bill Clement was doing the color. They were doing the, they announced him for, for the game that was on. And then he happened to say, you know, he, Mark McGuire has shot a good shot of making 70 home runs. I was thinking about some, he's the only one who has the ball. He's the only one who has the ball. He's the only one who has the balls. I always say that Bill Clement's got to give Bill big pair. He, he's, you know, he's really good. And you know, I, I'm glad you gave me the chance to talk to you. I don't know, you remember me. This is Alex. Yeah. Whatever you say, Alex, have a great life. Okay, Alex, he used to call back on the old station. Now Alex is back. Okay. We have it open line in date five, six, seven, five, sixty, and five, sixty on the mobile one line. We're going here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello. Mobile in Tamarack? I know you're there. Hello? Yes sir. Hello Neil. Hello sir. I would like to tribute this to Wayne Heizinger, the new homeowner in Manpucket. Yes. There once was a man command pocket who was called head looks like my after-by-plot kit. He said with a grin, I'll only sell them our limbs to Don Smiley, who called me daddy while he sucks it. Huh. Well you were talking about that to sucking me forward. You're always at home. We have an open line in Broward Grimping. 560, 750, 50, 60, pump, 560 on a mobile one line. Well you know, there are a lot of things that could be called tripping depending on size I guess. 12, 27, and 560, radio, 560, QA here. And you'll a man who took the stupid cut to be spoiled. Oh my god, how did- oh that's right. It's a sports channel. It's a cable channel. If I would have had any brains which I don't have elected my satellite TV week, see that it was on. I would have taped it. I'd have had the calls of the home run. What a moron I am. That's what I did. What a bozo I am. Anyway, I'm only 57. So I never got the C-Babrews play. However, my dad had told me that in those days when they were played, they did not have the Brown rule double rule at that time. And that there were a whole month in Ballpark that bounced into the seeds. No. Absolutely wrong. Okay, rolled under fences. No. No. No way. Okay, well that's what you know, when you see Bay Brew with pictures, I'm you do see Ball bouncing into the seeds. But he had told me that. Anyway, if you like it, I subscribe to Onset. That's a copy is full of crap. I subscribe to Onset. Yeah. And inside the Onset and the Sports Page is telling you, every game is on every channel is on. I know that. So I was able to watch it last night if you know- Well, I don't get on set. I get satellite TV with just changed the format from a big magazine to like a real small one, which I hate with those grid. But at least they still do the sports thing in the back. And if I would have thought, you know, if I would have looked in the used little, what I don't have. Yeah, well, that's what I did last night. Okay, congratulations. Thanks, Leo. Have a great day. Yeah, I see it's a bunch of crap because Wayne wanted to give us the Tampa Bay game so that we could fill a stadium from my site and you all do to flee a blog. That'll blame you 45,000 so we can make the extra bucks. Because Wayne, do I give you nothing for free when it can stick some money in his own goddamn pocket. And like I said before, this man is a cancer on his community. He has turned out to be the really showers true colors. He's got a long way from doing the hokey pokey and cheering with his wife Marty there at the a panther game is doing the big season three years ago when he was putting on a big act like being a real fan. Who the hell are you kidding? And then he comes out here a couple of weeks ago and says, well, you know, I really don't understand what people get into sports for or why they become such a habit sports fans. I don't get it. You know, I don't get it. You don't get it. Not in the least bit. Yeah, we're a sports fan so we can make you a lot of money. That's what it's all about. Because we feel sorry for it. Don't be frustrated. I mean, but who stock is dropping like a goddamn rack and down to 15 and something that's a whole baby. You need all the help you can get. Whatever is the market again and you're in the down direction. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Number five, 60 on the mobile one line. Number five, hello. You're just, you're just a productive. Uh-huh. Open line of day one and brodered 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Where we going? Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call, sir. All right. I'm one of the unfortunate ones up in bulk of the can't get your Sean TV. Oh, it's great man. Everybody in Dayton, brodered loves it and they're laughing at the people in Palm Beach County. I got one of those guys to make me a tape. So tonight's part, I'm going to go home and watch a couple of the shows on TV. Okay. I hope you can extend into the middlelands up there. We're going into the middlelands, yeah. Well that'd be good too. I was going to be back in the last night and I'd say you what it was fantastic. I brought my kids there. Went to the game early for change. Yeah. Watch batting practice. Watch batting practice. An arsenal of cameras and everything. Not been a way in everything. It must be pretty. I don't know how this guy doesn't feel any of the pressure, but it's pretty incredible. But finally, just wanted to say, this is now maybe one of the only true sports heroes kids can look up to everybody can play. Right, heroes. That's right. He's worthy of it. Amen. So, he's worthy. I'm not a material. Okay. Thanks, Aaron. Yeah. Yeah. He'd be worthy, man. And this guy calls me as the owner. You should admire, Roy. That's the best you can do. Yeah. For right now, that's the best we can do. You check ass. This guy with this Ellie Wizzell crappier today. I'm going to walk. Yep. I'm inspired. You're bad influence versus the food. And mom's going to be real upset for her. She's going to be pissed off and fired up. Well, I'm smoking these too fast. But they're almost all gone. There's only a few left of these great per dome. These are just a little torpedoes. These are just the right size and they're just the right not too strong, not too mild. They're just like right in between. And they fit in your mouth just the right. And I'm here. I'm in perfect. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Only three more days till the George Rod Reager show. One five, 60. Okay. Thank you. One of your people. He'll be calling. Open line in day five, 60. I don't mean that. I mean one of your crowd one of your follow. One of your devil days five, 60 pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. 23, the one at five, 60 Q. I'm Hank Goldberg from Shula State 2 from 2 to 6. We got the mad dog coming up from 6 to 730. Oh, right. And a 715. Then we got Virginia and Auburn. Is that right? Virginia. Virginia. Uh, where is it? Oh, boring. Virginia. At Auburn. Oh, my God. 715. And Ed Kaplan. After the game, the post-morty got a call from the on a fourth hand. We have no idea what they're talking about. You know Charles Alphearing, what he's talking about, 43 at 560 WQM, Eric, who's a real chronic boxer, but generally good facts. Is it anyway? He's got something to say. Doesn't he? He says that guy can pray any damn time he wants. We don't need to take time during a football game to worship his crap. We've sent him into the moon and cure diseases like polio. And he wants God to protect the football players. What is he talking about, Sus Eric? What a moron. He was representative of the kind of answers that make up a burger. Thank you, Eric. He says. Well, now what the hell is that thing that I found finally to do today that I've been looking for? That you're welcome thing. What is that under? Why could I find you? It's under one. What does that mean? How the hell do you spell that? Why, yeah. You know what? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I would not be able to find anything in here. I'd spell it like you used to be like your while you are, you know. Oh, as in. Why? Did you spell it like that? Anyway, 16 to 1 at 560 WQAM. This town is on fire, baby. The fever is like a gigantic tornado. The big light tornado was swept through here and nobody gives a crap. Except for those people over there. And of course, they're pissed off. They didn't catch a ball. Or one of the ones that he did. See, somebody also called the Akeapple. There were a couple of people that made sense. That's what frosted me driving home from the track last night. A couple of people called him made sense. And they've got very insensitive hung up on him and got psychotic. And then about your other assholes that he hung up on got psychotic and might police. So the one guy made what I thought was a pretty fair point that his Sammy Sosa is under a hell of a lot more pressure. Because he's got a team that's contending for a playoff spot. Well, I don't know if he's in the marks, you know, three stages in the marks brothers. And all the old stuff, you know, why you were, why you were eating there. Yeah. And I was just wondering if he would remember that play. Sounds vaguely familiar, but I don't think it was over there. Oh, okay. Thank you. Have a good one. Bye bye. Open line and day. Yeah, the good old days. I started coming here like in 68, 68 and 69, a gold ocean mile for a lot of nail back when there was a spring break. And back when they were like living and reading. People here young people out of the age of 100. And where they're all these great restaurants. Oh, geez. See there you go again. Beatin old funny that he tried to live in the past. Yeah, what's wrong with the tried to live in a good part to the past? And of course, that's like the famous. It was there ever a better restaurant in this town. I mean, it's hard to compare like steak houses to delis to other countries. But all around just generally, and please don't tell me, you know, Joe's or the, uh, a rascal house or the afford, please stop. Was there ever a better restaurant than on Washington Avenue, the famous? Was there ever? No. Before your time. Of course you would. Yeah, you like to food. Oh, my God. The famous used to be one of my first sponsors on KAT. Then they tried to bring it back and that was a disaster. They tried a couple of times disaster. Here's what's make believe. But the original one, you'd sit down and they would bring you. First all the big bulls of the bill pickles, great ones, not soggy and crappy. And they would bring you like you, uh, for soup. Lots of all soup or, uh, creploss soup. They bring you big tubs of like stuff to put in there. And fried creploss that just to die for. Oh, my God, big portions. You walk out of there with a heartburn that could kill you and a big smile on your face. And you'd be all the way home. It was great. The famous on Washington Avenue, good God was that the best God damn place in the history of the human race. Uh-huh. Won't see that no more. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Neal? Yes, sir. How do you know how are you? Okay. I just think there's something, uh, the other day it's pretty interesting. Um, not too long ago we had a situation with, uh, Anita Hill and parents Thomas. And I think if our member correctly, the Republicans kind of jumped over all over Anita Hill and, uh, was kind of going against during this taken clearance to Thomas side. Yeah. Yeah. Now the other side of the coin is the same people that were doing that are jumping all over the president. Yeah, but you can you can turn around and say the other way that the Democrats were jumping all over Clarence Thomas and that now that some of them are trying to make excuses for Bubba being a homeowner. Yeah, I mean, you can say that as your way. Right. That's true. But the same Republicans, if you look at the names coming up or going up to the president and saying, okay, for Monica, it is just by, right. Yeah, we noticed you noticed now though that like no Gingrich has backed off into one. Anybody talking about his private life and even Dan Burton that self-right is asshole from Indiana that was screaming in the long a few weeks ago. Now he started to say, well, you know, I would be the first to confess we've had problems in my marriage and it's not your damn business, what they really are, but y'all y'all, you know, see, this is the way life is. This is real life. You're looking to anybody's closet and there's all kinds of skeletons and things crawling around in there. You're absolutely right. And there are no anybody's goddamn business. Right. And you'll see the bottom line to the whole thing is I think the ones that can keep quiet now are the ones that have the more skills. That's right. Like Newton said and the girl always been Dan. That's right. You have plenty of them. So I just thought I appreciate it. And I have a great day. Thank you. Because I said, Senator Dan, we have an open line and now what is that? Open line and Broward 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in homestead, hello. Lady in homestead. Hey, meall. Yes, ma'am. How you doing? Okay. My first time calling. Great. I just wanted out if you can make my day a lot better by playing the Scottish The Scottish Brake Piper. Yeah. Which is called. Oh, when he talked about Ladi. It's called Playing the Bank Piper. No, right. Very good. Thank you. Okay, sweetheart. Have a nice day. Okay, don't play him too much. Hi, dear boys and girls. Today we've done a very extra special friend, stopping by. Show us all about something. He's special. I think we have to do it right now. Come on in. Come on in. Come on. Come on. I want to show you. I wonder where he is. It looks like... I've got to push with him. It's me bagged boy. You want your bag? Hey. What can I cut you? Sure, go ahead. Ooh, run your hands. Hey. Ah, that's sour. Hey, like, you're well-built. Hey. What's this right here? That is my bowl pipe. What do you do with the bowl pipe? Oh, it's not that bad. No. You're not. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, get it. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. All right, like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throw. That's good. Hey, let me do it at once. What's this over here? That's me, Chantam. What's what do I do with that? What do I do with that? What do I do with that, lad? Is it? Put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, you want to do, lad? Is you want to blow on the pipe? You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Okay. All together. All at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lad. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, good, lad. Keep rolling. No harder, lad. Adam. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, man. No, you want to handle the damage. Pick the bottle. Come on, man. Come on, man. No, you want to handle the bottle. Come on, man. Come on. Come on, man. You're a play, lamapu. Come on, man. Come on, man. Come on. You need a... You need a... You need a... You need a... After the kiss, you need breath, man. There we go. Hey, y'all. My name is France. You jeans, Thomas. Friends of Bush's nominee for this Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people that dare to think this, though. I smoke a little marijuana when I think of it. And it wouldn't have been a good one. You know, maybe you should go outside, y'all. And all the middle of the year. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got the munchies. Let's... This quick and get outta here. I want to sit down straight. When I start reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There you are. I mean, don't get it. And I don't get to the ease. And I don't get to the... And I don't get why I look up standard. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. That's good. Very good. I'm on. Prop 53 at 5.60W. Come. I guess this would be a good time for us all the women here that we're smoking weed on the year every day. Not just ordinary cigars. But you know, Nick's provides a great cover for all of us because they do make the best to the nobody else out there's ever going to get their hands on. Wouldn't be something that they had smelt of his den. They could smell the aroma to come into the radio. Where we going? Let's go to... to Bokello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? I think I can get you four hours of this. I'm doing okay. I thought you're going to the spot there. You fooled me. Not me. Um... I heard your story this morning about that lady at the track. Yeah, what do you need three for? Oh, god. Why does everybody have to put their nose in everybody else's business? Yeah, and she's standing over this other woman's shoulder who's just doing her job. She knows me. I mean, the other woman. I go every week and she very nice to me. There's been a program. There's other bitch all of a sudden is like supervisor. Make sure we don't give out one extra free program too many because that extra two bucks that they're not going to get my put them into bankruptcy. And by the way, they're making some money up there. That program is worth $100 to the track with you cocked. That's right. That's right. Absolutely correct, sir. In fact, in my case, since I've been mostly, he's a park a lot more than a doopopano. It's worth plenty of money. It's worth about 15, 20 bucks a race times 11. You figured it out. Don't bitch. Yeah. And what do you need three for? Speaking about footing in is when Georgia's doing the show is bluffing and coming there and helping program it. When always not. In fact, we haven't seen bluffing a long time. I knew I was feeling good for some reason. We haven't seen a heighten of here of that geek. You know, Georgia, if you'll work with bluff, you can get peaks of 20 shares. Yeah, that's right. Or you can get peaks with something. Have a great day, pal. Later. Yeah. That's right. Just like passionate about it, those peaks of 20 shares. What is a peak of a try? I don't know, but it sounds good. Here, seriously, you got to have given credit for one thing. I mean, it's a total phony in a sham. But here's a guy that started in North New York, Buddy Bud Paxon, who was a nickel and dime make-believe broadcaster at a station called, what was it that the crash of the asset that got before was from New York? It was called, there was a WACK, was that it wacky radio and the nowhere. I think that was it, WACK. And this guy fell into a bucket of crap with that homeless lock network. He had some little bogus radio station on the west coast over in St. Peter somewhere. And they couldn't make any money. And so we started selling, they had a list tradeout merchandise. We started selling it on here, auctioning it off on a year. And it went over like crazy. So we thought, well, hey, let's turn this into a net internet with TV show. And if you want up with a home shopping, that working made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. And then Bud Apolo's radio stations and destroyed every one of them and sold them and made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. Now he's got this packed out there putting crap on a year. And because there's no overhead, he's paying the absolute, no money to anybody. He's going to make hundreds and hundreds of millions more. So of course, to show it that being so smart and always where it's at. Sometimes people are dumber than saw us. People are total phoneys and full of crap. As long as they're slick and glib and got a good of the line of BS, right Greg? Hey, by the way, when Georgia's on Monday, he's got some real exciting news about his bonus. Don't it? Oh, yeah, well, Monday. You got several opportunities. In fact, that, I wouldn't surprise me at all. No one to kind of kid her that Greg read is. He's just waiting till you're on a show doing it Monday. And he'll walk right in here with that white ugly suit of his and say, hey, guess what? I don't want to do while Neil was here and take a lot of crap from him. But here's your bonus check, George. You're doing a hell of a job and keep it up. It's a holiday. He's not going to be here. Nobody will be here. Like I said, I don't think that's going to happen. Four minutes, four minutes still. One. Yeah, you're going to be keeping that in mind, aren't you? Nobody will be here. Right. It'll be a skeleton crew. And of course, we owe Joe back in the other joint. He's, he's smoking some good stuff, too. He's looking all those NASCAR magazine. What am I reading the log here? I don't know what they're like. I don't know what I'm doing. Too much of this bad weed. That's what's killing me. Too much bad. We all, okay. Let's go back to the regular cigar's next week, Nick. 1257 at 5.60. That's a real man. It puts a woman on their first to do a fake voice so he can get on and not get on the ear. Nice work, sir. Here's the lady in Miami, maybe, hello. Lady in Miami. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is Evan's mom, Neil. How are you? Okay. Good. I have first of all. I, I, I, I heard you talk in the duet coffee ice cream. Then in Jerry's now. I please, I don't want to hear about it. And it's been, now I understand why you haven't been so fast. Oh, yeah, I did a good job on it. What can I say? That's not funny. I, well, I can't help but we're all like that. But I've been in Jerry's house, but if you make an effort, don't do it. Stop killing your son. I know. I try to kill me now. I've been in Jerry's newest with your, I love Ben and Jerry's, but I don't care. I don't want to hear about it. All right. How did I stay? Okay, I've been smart. Isn't that sad? Is that is that pathetic? Oh. Well, you know who killed my fat friend? Yeah. Somebody was bringing him food. All his good friends? No. Not us. Who were force feeding him? No. Who? We were doing our best. Who was bringing him in that food? I'll give you a hint. He was Jewish. Not Ma. Was Ma forced to get the honey to you? What was wrong doing when he died? Eating. No. Making him food. We have two open lines today. Well, I was good for the, you know, after we died, you know, Jews like to sit around and celebrate eat a lot of food after somebody dies. Just like the Italians do. Two open lines in date. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. In fact, if Evan were stockbroker, it'd be perfect because right now they're putting the question on who the market ticket and done. Where's the hedge? Is the topic? And if he were stockbroker, they walk in and say, hey, Evan, where's the hedge? Hog. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. She thinks it's funny. Here is a person who thinks that fat is funny. Us away. The Marlins are one loss away from about 33. In other words, losing twice as many as they've won. And they've already set the record for most walks. Oh yeah, by the long since several days ago, yeah, by the way. Well, and I'll tell you, you're right by giving up your golfing tickets and not going. Yeah. Who's what 48,000 last night? No one near football capacity. It was a cluster mess getting out of there. Yeah. It's a pain in the ass. You know, the parking thing and then going in all the beer gusling drunks and the invocation and all the baloney and then usually a disappointing game in a same old crap, you know, drive 80 yards down the field and then get stalled on a three-yard line and kick a field goal and no second there. I mean, it just got to be so ponderous. The same predictable thing year after year after year, who'd have made it when you can sit home and cover and watch it on TV? Yeah, and you can pick and choose who you want to enjoy with. Exactly. And also picking and choose which game you want to watch when you got to football package, there actually might be a good one on there. Yep. And yes, you can always, you can't change channels with the game. If the dolphins are getting blown out, you can hear there. Right. So good talking. Take your great day, pal. And then, of course, the deal is, uh, to the off-ing games when there's 75,000 people and if you do leave early, which believe me, many of the game most games we left early, unless it goes into overtime or something like that. And, uh, right away, all of the night in the Monday they're calling, and, oh, you saw you left early. Yeah, well, too bad. Too stinking bad, okay? Who'd have wants to put their life, take their life? You're a, it's bad enough to just drive it on an ordinary pedestrian day around here, because it would out the 75,000 people all try to drive out of one location at the same time. Like a bunch of animals. I'm going to tell you who the worst drivers are. Not the illegal aliens. Believe me, many of them are really bad. But the worst drivers as it grew are women. Now, that's a big group. But the worst, and you want to know why young women, old women, they share, not all, but many of them want to come in. They are scared. Crapless. And the worst driver resides an intoxicated driver. The worst driver is a scared driver. Terrified. They're squeezing the wheel so goddamn hard that there's practically blood coming. You almost see the blood dripping from the steering wheel. And they're like looking and looking over their shoulder and, you know, just do something, okay? Just either get out of my way, pull it off the side of the road, do something. And there are so many of these women who are just scared of their own shadow. Of course, the old women, what do you want? They're like, the top of the blue hair is up to the bottom of the steering wheel. They're sitting on four pillows and two telephone books. And they're like, tearing out over the top of the dash. Welcome to Florida. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Anyhow, you're doing it. Okay, sir. Have a whammy fire report. Yeah. There's a particular young lady that's going to have her on talk shows that you know that. No, I did not. Monique is doing a talk show. That was a pair of hands from early on that they shelved it. Oh, they shelved it. Thank God. I heard on a radio station and I won't say. How are one? That she was on there and there. She was on power 96. So somebody saw her, I'll be pushing the holidays morning. She was on there. She was saying that it's going to be a no-host bar to those language. A show. That was pretty eye-consuming. You can't even say the F word. Right. She's full of cram. I've never seen a more ugly or woman in my entire life. And she has that. She's not funny. She has absolutely no child. She's not just ugly. She's annoying is what she is. I mean, she's somebody who thinks that she's funny and entertaining. And she is not and she keeps trying harder and harder to be funny and entertaining. And she is neither of the above and she's just an impediment. I hear people on a radio. Which is why I think God we got Stephanie on there doing those cut-ins now. Those interstitials and you know, what an improvement that is. Okay. Have a great day. So it's not going to be on is what you tell me it's felt through. No, it felt through in the beginning, but it probably will be happening later. She's a stand-up comedian. She's not funny. She's embarrassing. Anyway, they like her in that mall. We have an open line and date one in Broward 5670560 in Pompai, 60 on the 18th and T. Wireless line. El Pesteo, myself. Here's a pepper pie and hello. Yes sir. Do you know what a hockey fest is? Do I know what? When a hockey fest is going to be. The hockey fest? Yeah, the one I hold over here. I have no idea. I'm sure it's on my schedule. Do I have my schedule in my pocket? Yeah, I should be on the schedule. I don't have it in my pocket though. I'm sure you wouldn't know if it's going to be at the dinner dinner. I would assume it would. Okay. You never have a... George is got... I don't go to that thing. George has got the schedule. And is it on the hockey fest? When they do that thing and they bring in the public. I can't see any of that schedule. I might find them. Mr. George, you got one. I'll let you know. Okay. We're waiting. George is taking off the set. So he's walking very rapidly to the door. Handing me the schedule. Why do you have a panther schedule? I find that most amusing, myself. Rocket Camp starts the fifth. This Saturday already know that. And then training camps starts a week from Saturday the 12th. And hockey fest. I don't see anything on here about it. I do not Saturday. September 19th at the arena on top of the ice. Saturday, September 19th. Oh, that must be a very small. You see they put some stuff under you. You can't read. The following ones they will be a banquet. And the following ones they will be a banquet. Who's that? Sam. Sam. Sam from Venezuela. Sam the scam. Oh my god. Sam actually knows something much less responded to something we talked about. There he goes sir. September 19th at the new National Car rental. Yadiyadiyadiyadiy. Wayne I didn't pay for it. We built it arena. We have an open line in date 567560. Pomp 560 R prestigious AT&T Wireless Line. Boy I can't keep my hands in this baby. It's it's it's roll on all by itself. I got a cigar that's like hopping around a goddamn building. There must be something maybe there's like those Cuban jumping beams in here. Here's the color red. Yellow. Color red. Hey, a nail. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. What's the game last night? It was awesome. Yeah. In the stands in the right center field bleachers high five and people that you don't know. And the atmosphere was just unbelievable. Like you said Wayne should be kissing his feet. Right. And I'd like to know how many fans are going to show up to see Cincinnati tomorrow. I thought it's Montreal. I would. I mean, doesn't matter. Well, yeah, doesn't matter because Montreal and the. Marlins are two of the worst teams in history of baseball. Yeah. And you see if they have seven or eight thousand people a game. It'll be a major miracle. It'd be lucky. You know, I'm so sick of this Wayne high thing I did. Man, I go to the game. I think it's weren't that bad, but you get an avion water. 16 ounces. $2.50. Yeah. Get a jumbo hot dog that looks like a Vienna sausage for 350. And I guarantee you weren't there after I went and saw him agrarity. Only reason I want it. I will not ever give another dime to this guy. Never. And. I always like to avise myself, you know what? Yeah. I just I just sit there and think it is ugly pimple. Yeah, and I just almost get sick. Because the waste man is with. You're all over and he's got, you know, all the prices jacked up. And it just makes me want to get. Get sick. I'd like to really what I'd like to do is stick kind of thing is ugly. Pimply. You can face in one of those dumpsters. Or on his 1.7 billion. And say, see I have a nice one. Maybe you want to go right once upon a time in America watch the end of that movie. Might. Might give you some hope. And I'm talking about. That's where games will have to visit. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, I don't know maybe do they have a cruise director? No, oh, why do you want to join son? Oh, I don't know something about a Chris light bell by I'm uniform with a snappy little black tie and a Shirley Tipple hat That says I'm clean and ready for inspection sir I have a food deck. I sure would like to play on that that's a funny word Food deck food deck food deck food deck. Thanks for my ties on this ship. Oh Oh Okay, one twenty nine at five sixty w q m bar. We're sure nothing have consisted on that whammy. Sure. Wait are we consistent? Uh-huh nine thirty last night of point five rating in a one share 10 thirty point five rating in a one share net mass should love it a clock point two rating a Zero share So how do you like that? They thought Max was gonna be the savior. I promoted the hell out of that. I guess they've had enough of Allen all the like color rest of us They can't stand it one thirty tomorrow. We had a point two rating in a one share so we had one share is right up and not align. Okay We got the big one Which ain't nothing to write home about but compared to mash Two open lines in date one and broder five six seven all five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line Here's uh my amy hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing okay? Okay, I'll listen to you show all the time, right? Yeah, and I listen to you when you was on a IOD Yeah, I mean you was a blast of that it seemed like you like real intense over there But I was intense over there and I don't hear his out here saying. Oh, you good over here. Oh, okay, but not a 10 older. I want to move over here. You was intense over there. I'm smoother. Yeah, yeah, I would say so. What does that mean? You mean like my legs or my hands No, it's just like all the following. I'm not a ball spot as smoother because there's not much there anymore Okay, well listen there when we four minute because I was listening to you talk about president McGuire whatnot President McGuire and I mean Hello, I'm listening. Okay. Why do you think I hung up on you? Just because I said president McGuire I think he could win it right now Don't you Yeah, he probably good you had a two's between Mark McGuire and no king were two two vote for Probably McGuire. Uh-huh. I vote for jerry McGuire I can't stand time cruise Well, listen, you know, it's um This amazing that you know, I hear about all of the old days and you know all of the heroes that old days President and stuff like that, but you know, you can't really have a hero in today's society because it's always like a knock-off Yeah, everybody's looking to knock him down. That's right Yeah, when Babe Ruth was drinking all that booze and all that moonshine on a legal crap down Or what? And then nobody talked about it. They are knew he was doing it, but it wasn't something they talked about because he was a hero to millions of kids and people And why the hell have you got a knock-everybody down? But today with all this tabloid bookcraft that's everybody celebrates to try to knock everybody down Which is very easy to do yes I'm glad you agree with me on that yes, I do and I was and I'm gonna tell you this and I know you you know real busy What not I am but I was watching HBO was HBO one of One of the things yeah, and I saw celebrity dust baths, right? And I thought about you because I know how you views is on a lot of the movie stars stuff like that TV on TV right yeah, and they pit they pit the stars against each other And I thought about you because I know that's something that you always like advocate that they like just like us They down earth and they do all of the wrong things just like we do that's right They take them just like we do Sometimes good bloody diarrhea to have a great day pal. All right, you can be smooth Okay, we have a one open line and day one in Broward 5 670 560 560 on the 18 T wireless line on your sports misinformation station Where the cars from one shoulder another call it with more bull crap more lies more deceit Hey, that feels potpandy let's just about done it. It's done alright. It's finito history ain't gonna happen So many must have made a map phone call to Mike Smith up there in Toronto and said it ain't neither my roots You would need to have your head examined and we heard that fat kneels say not the other it said you know you got a point no more that brand Marie crap We ain't speaking to him no more Here's Kendall hello Hello, yes, sir Not as George is gonna do a show on Monday. Yeah, we look forward to like a George at night one night on a Sunday I don't know I never thought about that or they got to put it on the TV They're gonna show up to show up at edit it and then let you as Rayleigh's the crazy as Rayleigh's to sign oh isn't that something these guys They got it I take it to committee those two skin had Nazis. They got Maddie and Binky They're gonna edit the shows then it'll take them and let them watch it and see if George is a fine enough job I'm sure it'll be just fine You're talking tell them put it on exactly Listen, I don't have any some little spick on there. Yeah, right I also sat in not a happy to go to a wedding of an old woman coworker of you. Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, nice lady. Yes, she is. Yeah, I remember when she used to talk a lot on the shelf at last in that least yes, sir I love you. Okay, bye bye Okay, we have an open line in Broward 5 670 560 pop 560 on the AT&T wireless line I used to be much more intense on that other station make that that was interesting Come and I think he's got a very good point. He doesn't yes, he does on that old W-I-O-D Oh, I hate that stage, but here I'm a lot smoother That's right. I've smoothed out all those big wrinkly. I just won big blob of fat. You got it. I think fat Joe showed me the ropes Was that on that Kenneth's frequency this year? Nobody wants to see a man with a snake now Here's a hell and they'll hello Yeah, listen, I didn't go to any of the baseball games. Yes. I don't see what so exciting about Watching the guy hit against minor week pitch. Yeah, what's more? How about the braves didn't he play every team Included the teams like San Diego and Houston and Atlanta. They got great pitching didn't he? He'll get against all the same teams that everybody else did sir blow it out your ass Now this stop was go back to New York you will fart okay another one needs to go on a subway with Bernard gets have a little track And then do a dirt nap. Okay. That's what you need If you know, but he's gonna force you to go the people that did go thought it was exciting And that's just one time he is the he's just he ought to be local with the pat from pop in O park What do you need three four sour push wants to pee on everybody else's parade wants to diminish this guy's accomplishments Everything is relative pal in its own time and He's playing against all the same pitchers hitting against the same guys that everybody else in league is doing And so if it's so easy and now come everybody else isn't hitting 59 and 65 however many homerans he's gonna wind up in it if it's so easy and I'll come hit 58 last year when a marlins won the world series And had a hell of a lot better pitching how come he did that and Doesn't he bet against the Kevin Brown and Greg Madder and Tom Glamson and all those other great pictures and league? Yeah, we'll so what are you talking about? What you're talking about is that you don't know you're asked from your elbow and like a lot of your other kind They're in hell and there you just got a big fat mouth like sunny rose and brick and Fuffa fuffa fuffa fuffa. You know Sir talk is cheap. Okay anybody with a big mouth can spot out a lot of crap and you're doing it go wipe Here's a pepper pie and so long What you yes, sir? Hey, how to go and I come see Your TV shows great everything. Yeah. Okay. I went to the game last night and I thought it was an awesome game Yeah, what's that? Can you hear this last guy? Yeah? I did I can't believe like I've what expect him like a New Yorkers I mean, how can anybody not have a good time being caught up in the midst of all the excitement and what's wrong with that? Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that. Why does everybody have to find something negative in the middle of something that people are saying, who's the bot? There's nothing negative about it. Yeah, I don't have a bot. I thought last year over there in San Diego, I was living in San Diego for a while. Right. They when I came out here, you know, I thought I'd be able to watch the mariles and then weighing high-pingo. Yeah. It's up there and the world is super, yeah. Yeah, so it was like, just when baseball getting great out here, you know, I just can't believe it. Well, but I'm welcome to South Florida, man. Yeah, well, I grew up here and I used to watch the bot more oil's play. Then when they finally got major league baseball out here, I thought, all right, great. Then he brings it out here and then he takes it away. Yeah. Yeah, well, I thought my material. Have a great day, pal. You too, no, sir. Yeah, that way and he's not only an Indian giver, he's a, as if he acts me, he's a... That's what he is. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What do you need? Three, four. Seriously, as long as I live, I will never that will never leave my mind that moment last night walking into Pompano Park and this no-zee busy body was no business sticking her nose into my programs free or otherwise. In fact, I don't want to sound like some kind of Primadada, but many, many, many, many nights in the old and days and last few years when I could have waited around for a free program, but I didn't want to stand in way to run a go upstairs and store them from somebody. I put out my own couple of bucks there and bought out of myself. Makes no difference to me. It's insignificant in the course of my life. The $2 for that program isn't going to change my life and it's not for me it's for my friend Derek anyway, okay? And the two bucks don't make that much difference. They're either, okay, Pat? But let me just answer you very simply, Nanya, as in Nanya, God damn business. Nanya 2-B4-2 at 560-2-2-2-2-8 here. You're a bad man. There to Miami cops with a hot dubious, there are the streets fighting cry. They pop at the hand again, face there. Where you're here? In hell and they'll buy. We're getting ready. The great games are cool, cranks. We're tenet in at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. It's jumping up in the clean up the streets. They're lighting, you can't cross the area, you'll have to cross in the line. They're determined, we clean up the smoke and get this. All right, it's a stereo under a rat. Oh, so now you're an arresting my wife, what's the charge? They're shin' about her. I'm gonna first tell her, let's see that white stuff. Yeah, just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here. Oh, what? Sweet blow. And that restaurant, she just came out of. Let's take a minute. Here's very kind of a hint, my heavy cups are not new people. Here's a hell of deal, vice. We're being disqualified on MBC. You see, what's most disgusting about that guy two calls are gone. The old fart from Helen Dale, who wants to pee on everybody's parade. Yeah, he's entitled to feel that way. He can live in the past. He can keep trying to diminish the significance of these achievements today. That's fine. But why does he feel he has to share it with everybody else? That's the thing that disturbs me because that's the softboard of syndrome. Misery loves company. They want it because they can't stand all these other people having a good time getting a l- And I don't hear like a million people call into the all excited and worked up like you'd expect on this show or any of the other shows, by the way. Hey, what's the odds on a game on Sunday? What's the opposite? See, that's not sports top. That's crap. That's garbage. That's instant tuna. That's reach for the CD. Reach for the button. I'll keep saying it over and over again. And those of you people who want to call the other shows on this station to keep doing it. I'm telling you, man, you're sure not doing any service for us. It's an instant tuna. So the fact that there are people who are at any of these games the last three nights or maybe two or all three of them. And had a great time. And a town got whipped up into a frenzy. And people are excited about something positive and sound a front page about papers. This guy can't stand that. Because he wants the rest of us to be grumbling and miserable just like he is. And that's the South Florida way. Primarily because the old parts run his town. That's why we don't have any casino gambling. That's why we don't have any nightlife. That's why we have no spring break anymore. Because it's why he have crappy education. Because the old parts run his goddamn town. Everything has to be catered to them. Because the politicians quake in their boots. Because easily the old parts, they got nothing else to do. They're the ones that go out and vote. For what I don't know, but nevertheless they're the ones that the politicians feel they have to bend over for. The great panthers. Here's a lady mobile in Weston, hello. Hi, me, oh. Yes, ma'am. Two things I wanted to tell you first. Some salad crops from my soul. They water. Yeah. The cost of street neighbor. I talked you before. Great guy. I've got to tell. Had expertise. Could I get him to go to the game with us? But anyway, two things I wanted to tell you. One thing that was that I found plenty. I was at last my scheme in the night before. And it's the first time I've been to a game where everybody cheered for the other teams. Right. Because every time they got to hit every time they got to walk anything. Just so that the McGuire would come up. Well, they'd get more bats, right? Yeah, so everybody's booing the marlins. They're cheering. Good. The McGuire's team. It was exciting. Nobody cared what went on between any time. You know, anything other than the McGuire was up. Right. Everybody's screaming. Yeah, sit down. I mean, where else could you go to a ballgame? Have the home team get robbed 14 to 4. I have 45,000 people jammed into the ballpark. You fork and hysterical and enthusiasm. Leave it with a big smile on their push. But off-curring for the wrong team. Well, in this case, the right team. Which was kind of funny. But I gotta tell you something. The other day, I was listening. We live in Western. And I heard the hankers on. You know, he was at the sporting bros. I told my husband come on. Let's take the kids. We'll go to the sporting bros. We'll go to the hanko. My sick girl daughter. Anytime she hears his name, he's not hanko. Berg, he's a hippopotamus. We couldn't. He wouldn't let me take her in there because he was afraid that she would yell at. And if you go to the zoo and you say, look, there's a hippopotamus. No, mom, that's hanko. Oh, god. So it's got her trade well. Well, thanks for not doing it. Hank, thanks, YouTube. Hi. Everybody's there. Okay. We have an open line in day, the morning, Howard. Five, six, seven, or five, 60, five, 60 on the 18th, he was the one. But we should have been played that in a long time, every. We don't still have that in here. Huh? Do we have that in here? It's not just hanko Berg. Into a hippopotamus. Okay, so we're fat. Okay, big deal. Where we going? Let's go to Miami. Hello. My name. When is this? What's up? How are you doing today? Okay, sir. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah, go ahead. Call him up on a phone. Tell me, hey, you're a douchebag, asshole. Call him on everyone. It's America. Two open lines in day, five, six, seven, five, six, seven, or five, 60, five, 60 on the 18th, he was a wireless line. Sam, tell me, black beans and rice, to the effects of your, your whole body. Not just your, it affects your thinking process. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how's it going, Neil? Okay, sir. Hey, Neil, it's the guy down there, man. I was ready to game the other night when my two were boys. And I got kicked out of the stadium when my wife, the home runs it up a day. I can kick out the damn stadium because if I did say I ripped it down, I'd probably go over the seats. Yeah. That's, I mean, what does the NFL come and tell? Exactly. What those wrong with these bastards? I guess that's not, not being on this one. I guess Wayne can't afford that tarpy, though. Times are getting pretty tough. That stock is down to 15 and change today. Go through it again, pal. Don't do it again because times are getting tough for baldy. Politicians getting defeated because they, you know, they swung a few votes his way. You're out. Anybody that ever even spoke to him, shook his hand. You're out. He runs into John Herspeck. You're out. Yeah, but the game's not you're out anyway. That's a way goes what comes around goes around. Of course he likes to blame the media blame everybody else. He's got no one to blame but himself. He came in here with all of us with open arms. Oh, my God, we love you. Thank you. You brought us a baseball. You brought us hockey. You brought us all kinds of good stuff. You're going to bring us blockbuster park and build us that great new city. Oh, you're not. And that was the beginning. That was one of the first big lies when they sold blockbuster to Viacom and all of a sudden blockbuster park became a bunch of crap. Another fantasy just like Reg Reed given 50 million to buy part of the Mullins for fantasy talk, bull crap. And then from there it got worse. He did that famous interview in traffic magazine or sunshine. And he said, I didn't get into baseball for the fans. I got into it to make money for profit. And all of a sudden at that point, many of us including yours. And he said, hey, wait a minute, this guy. It's an Oceny Clos after all. I mean, we don't begrudge you guys making some money. But this guy's got more money than we'll ever see in our 10 lifetimes. And what kind of things that to say? See, public relations, forget about it. It's not an evokebular. They don't care about it. They think they can just bully and muscle their way through. What you do in the garbage business. You can do it in the video business because you, you know, gobble up all the small guys, put them out of business. But you can't muscle and bully people in the buying tickets to support a sports franchise. Or to build the stadiums. And so then they put on a charade with all the the Panthers are leaving the Panthers on the Badaby Badaby and then they locked in that big season. And all of a sudden, oh, we got to scramble around and find a way to build a night arena and Brought and they did. And they thought, oh, we can do that anytime we feel like it. So now I'm going to go out and buy a world show. Yeah, they never expected a world series. But by a real great team, which won the pen and end in the world series. And he thought, oh, well, for sure now we got to start threatening them right on the hills. They weren't even finished prop in the champagne course. Well, enjoy it while you can because, but to be better, we lost money. In other words, you better build a stadium or we're leaving the same old tired tactics and finally people said, you know what, stuff it up your ass. Okay, Wayne, we're tired of your bull crap. You're, took our title, you're a cryan and belly achon. Build you this, build you that put your own goddamn money out of least Mickey Erson. I can't say much for him. But at least he stuck his own money out to build an American Airlines thing downtown in Miami. Even though it was like a shady deal, but nevertheless. And here's the guy that's worth almost $2 billion and he's crying. Well, nobody's going to build a beer stadium. Ep and A, they're not going to build you no stadium, baldy. So don't look to be blaming the media or anybody else. It's your own actions, your own words, you won't be in an asshole. That's the problem, Wayne. Plain and simple. 10 before 2 at 560 WQMAP. Section 4-0 he had done. We waited for him to fix you. He's gonna pay the ever-play. Now I'm just too loud one done. Who's the stop-away. I heard new Rogers say it. I waited for him. I went to see the fan-thers. I waited for the door. It's 100 degrees in half time. But I keep found no fear. And of course, the limit takes his time. For that we can go into all of the details and rehashing all the other specifics. Like the Florida Panthers stocked that he played on the euphoria stock of the Panthers trip to the Santa Cup finals. And here comes the Florida Panthers dot. Let's go public, baby. And then all of a sudden, Wayne and his buddies were taking all of the Baga Follies hotels. Which they already happened to own with that Panthers stock. That's right. All those millions that they were getting in and they're buying up all these hotels back from themselves, stuff in the profits and their pockets and saying, Oh, by the way, guess what? We're gonna disassociate the Panthers from the stock now because that's been losing money for us. And we're now in the hotel business, even though we sold your Florida Panthers stock. I mean, just absolutely one scam after another one. Just stuffing the public right deep inside their rectum. And then one wriggle. And then they go, gee, they won't build me no stadium. They don't like me. I can't figure that out. Yeah, we have a tough time to grin out when. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. For God. And I mean, get off your knees too. Listen, Neil. I need to help. Yes. I need you to tell me we're all the good eightiest women off. I think meat and all these archaic bitches who believe in all this mumbo, jambbo. Yeah. God. Oh, my God. Listen, I met this one girl. She tell me, how can you say you don't believe in God? So I think why should I be in bars with myself? Because I feel like my mind has evolved more than believing some. You know, anything superstitious crap. It's a me. But like when she be even more on the dirty's about this crap. Because the same people who inflate them gave them this book if they look. You may not be anything now. You may be going through all this crap doing your real life. Yeah. You can expect some kind of reward for all the hardship. Right. Put up a slavery in all this other book crap, right? Give me a break. I mean, I mean, I just think like everyone on me is some kind of way. She thought, oh, God. I meant this one girl. She told me God, talk to her. Really? Yes, you said you talked to her. I said, what did you say? Maybe it was. Damn, God. She said, God, I think what did you say? You go, I can't tell you it's between me and God. Well, I'll tell you what. We work on that tomorrow. We're going to put a call out for a black atheist. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. Good black atheist woman. Okay. Good luck. God bless you. God bless you. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. What do you need? I need to get out of here. I'll write path. Get away from me. Remember that movie, Pat? That was the best. Was that the name of the movie, Pat? Oh, that was your path. There's something like that. Here is Pat. And there she was. There it was. In fact, I think that's the path. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? How are you doing, sir? You know what? Kisses me off. And what is that? Oh, he's doing ha and Dale. Yeah. Hot some dot is head up his eyes. Uh-huh. It's the same attitude that everybody was hitting Maris with when he was going to break, uh, Baye Ruth's record. Oh, it's not 150. Poor games. It's on Route 62. Well, what the whole difference is to make the fact is that the way I look at it as far as the records. If you want to be a purist, there is pre expansion when there is eight teams in each league. And then there's post expansion. If you want to have a dividing line. But, you know, a season is a season. Whatever we call a season now. That's what a season is. And the only reason they put the Astoriscaners, because Ford Frick was good buddies with Baye Ruth. And he was the one that kept lobbying for them to put the Astoriscaner record. To the, to the, to the minnish Maris' record. Well, the, the cool thing is, and well, it's not that cool. It's, I mean, he was dead already, but they have removed the Astoriscaner record. But the whole point about it is that, after they made it here, all out and die a cancer, yeah. Yeah. Why, why does everybody have the piss on his parade? You know, those, what I thought about cool at the stadium. Man, we were respected all over the country. You had with listening to the National Radio Show. They were playing the tape of the Marlin fans, the cheering man. That's the way it should be. Exactly. We've finally got some good press, even though it was not somebody on our team, but nevertheless, we finally got some good publicity to people filled the joint up. And here we find me something positive, and the colors on this radio station last two days, all I want to do like you say is, P on a parade. Grrr, not a good mail. Exactly. Bye bye. God bless us. Yeah, we have no woman in my life for all of our posts is out there. I mean, if you want to find a dark lining in the middle of every silver thing, I mean, that's up to you, okay? But I refuse to share in your negativity and hostility. There's plenty of other things to be negative about. Like the market, even that's not also bad now. The Dow's only down about 63 points after being out as much as I saw about 100 and some odd. It was pretty odd. It looked like it was going to be a real bad day. Now it's kind of like men's amensor, something like that. Whatever it is, that means. Okay, tomorrow we're going to find some atheist women out there for all of you. People out there with realer with brains, with minds who aren't just believing that old black magic and all that a mumbo jumbo crap, and men with the dance wrestling with snakes. I'm going to tell you right now, my mother knows what it's all about. She says, nobody wants to see a man wrestling with a snake. How about one like this? So anyway, Hank Goldberg's coming up from Schulta State 2 next and like I said, let's go Marlins, can't lose tonight. It's show.