Right where you got it. Fortory, you'll five, six, you, two, eight. Alvin, so... The Neil Roger show, the Latterdale. Here's your brand honey. Yeah, I'm again. It tastes so crappy. You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good. I heard that. The Alvin, Lord of the underworld. What are you doing here? I heard you're not eating your fiber bob. Perhaps you'd like to try a new B.L.A.A. A brand. What's so great about the Alvin brand? Well, one bowl of the Alvin brand has all the fibers you'll need to keep regular. But the best part is, it tastes great. Wow! The side. If you don't eat your fiber, your bow will call the body meat. You're in trouble with your food. You're in trouble with your food. You're in trouble with your food. You're in trouble with your food. Okay, okay. I get the points. So, I'll eat my bread. Here's a good fellow. Thanks, O Desolate One. There's no problem. And now, about your immortal soul, Bob. He Alvin, Bob. I got kidding. I got kidding. I got the Alvin brand. Because good health should be cost- You're so tall. There's smoking it out in the Everglades. Voices. Every time you turn around, there's another one coming straight for you. Your mind, your girl from your body's right. And somehow your voice, the one that really matters, gets buried. But man, you can't let it stay silent. And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you. You'll earn a good salary. Learn from a hundred and four- What the hell is this? And a survey card? Oh, that's the one. Well, it's right. Fossys fault, okay. What was that about it? He came in here and he said, uh, he would all read in the face. Well, I guess he wasn't read in the face. It's kind of hard for where Fossys would be read in the face. Well, you know what a black guy gets read in the face. You know what? But at any rate, he like looked at Barrister. He said to me, oh, uh, you can be talking about my personal stuff on the AirLAS. And what personal stuff you're using? Oh, my plumbing problem. So we take it back. Roy Fossys. Roy Fossys. He didn't care about the other thing. You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that sales broad. No, he didn't care about that. Everybody knows that. So he's concerned that people will like somehow this great ex-dolphin player whom we all admired when he played all of his really badly out of shape. And fat now. And we understand why he tried the X and dead because he's big as a house. But at any rate, he did not shed blood. That's what he just made it up. Not. We talked about Maya incident on the Air before. Remember, well, you shed blood. Right. And all these people were calling me and the doctor on the beach was calling me. Yeah. But you're not uptight and sensitive. And when you blush, we can see. So we know when you're offended. But when we're blushes, we can't see it. So that goes to a show. One more good reason not to be black because if you're going to be sensitive and start blushing about stuff, how about we supposed to be knowing it? I don't be knowing it. God damn it. So Roy did not craft black or a green. Whatever was purple. Red. Whatever color was. Oh, it was purple. OK. What? I would just go upstairs and do what's your name and get out of here, Roy. Go salsa spots. Here's your field, hello. Me, all. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Never been better. Listen, I just stepped into the house for a minute and put the TV on. You should hear Pat Roe was praying for Carla Faye, doctor. Well, too late now. Hey, the one that's going to fry. You know, why should it be any difference for the men in the dish for the women? Yeah. You know, you're thinking of actually someone they're going to fry you. Has nothing to do with men or women it has to do with that. She's born again, sir. Don't you understand it? She's born again. Christian now. And how does she change? So maybe O.J. Oh, you know, see the light? Yeah. I think the O.J. is already to go me for a minute. Good. I wish I could pull the switches or flip it for. Or you're the needle, stick it to her. Yeah. Have a great day, Pat. See you around. Everywhere you go, it's the same old crab. Butcher Yenthus. See, of course, to show you why we have no spots on most of the day on a station because most of the people are supposed to be selling and we're coordinating most kind of activities are busy. Pat, Pat, Pat. To an Ariector routine. So George tells me during the last break that he's had several calls from upstairs. He's meeting the power structure of this joint. We're all the Yenthus sit around all day. Figure, do it, did we each other or themselves or both as the case may be? We're trying to get the stains off their clothing. And people wanting to know, are you okay? I'm there, so I ain't think going on. Because Joe Costello is sitting here today. And of course, is usually back at the other joint getting an imposema from what's in the building. And he's just sitting here observing that day in case the course is easy back up, if we can say that in case George is going to be out sick, which being here today, Joe means to count on it the next couple of weeks. Trust me, he's already planning the days. But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic and paranoid you ask? And George says to me, oh, my getting fired right now, yeah, because he just bought a house. There would be a good time to fire his ass. I don't know at least Joe is circumcised. I'll say that. That was only an accident that I just dropped my cigar. It wasn't lit, was it? No. No. If I'm brushing down there, it's only because it's cigar. Let's go to a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? I'm going to talk with questions for you in a couple of comments. Okay. If I never heard just before you came over to ask you a.m. And basically, if you sounds an open mind, I think your insight in hockey is actually, I think you know a lot about the game, and I appreciate some of things that I hear in your comments about it. Yes, sir. But as far as your other comments, I mean, I'd rather you stick to sports. I don't understand why you'd rather I stick to sports. Well, let me say this to you, sir. Again, I don't do a sports show. I don't do a hockey show. I don't do a sports show. I do a high-affirated show in his market for the last 20 years. The deo rod you show and will continue doing so. Don't hang up on me. I'm not hanging up on you, but I will say this. I don't take direction from listeners, especially people who don't even know what my show is about. Okay. Well, I said I came on board with an open mind. Okay. But I've been on the year now here for like five weeks, and it would seem to me that if the only part that you like hearing is the hockey stuff which represents about five percent or most of my show that you would have been long gone by now. No, no, no, no. I know that I tune you and what's going to blow up because I'm in my car, I'm in cells. Yeah. I do when I hear a hockey, I keep doing. Otherwise, I think you're a very jackass. Yeah. And, you know, I think you're jelly-views on jelly life. A lot of them are misconstrued and he just... You know what that means, sir. Yeah, that's what I do. Let's do this, please. If you misguided things. Misguided? Misconstrued is the misunderstood, you know what that means. You misunderstood a lot of things, isn't it? No, no, no. When you say reviews would be misconstrued, that means that whoever would be hearing them would must understand them. No, no, no, no, no. Perhaps that's the problem. No, I think you don't get it. No, you don't get it. You know, stick the hockey buddy. Come on. Hey, stick it up your ass buddy. Goodbye. See, there's another guy that can't handle it. Another one of those real nervous now. He's probably in the closet. When you're looking to make your next to, like, Steve QA, you have something that hurt a little bit of this. What you can't avoid the morning show when you're in this room because it's on in the monitor. But I do avoid it in the car in the way to work. But at any rate, I heard some banter about that abortion last night. This town is so dick. I'm going to tell you right now. You know what I'm talking about? I'm on. I have never in my life ever. If somebody would have said to me, this is what you're going to encounter try to go to a hockey game. Did I, which you, you know, paid good hard cold cash for those tickets because you want to go and support your team. Maybe have a good time, which it turned out okay. And we get on the Hershey highway and they're approaching the turnpike tollplas. And now all of a sudden, now it usually takes me from my house to the door if you're wearing the 30 minutes. 30 minutes. Not my favorite trip in the world because once you get down here, it gets a little dark. You know what I'm talking about? A little on the dark side. But nevertheless, you're parking a lot of the courty or one for your life. You get in the door and you're safe, maybe. 30 minutes. And our entendments of hell last night. Why? Because this town is dick. That's why. You got a mayor who's on hallucinogens number one. Every day there's another story in the newspaper about fixed elections, which is the one that got a bit in the first place. And they're still counting ballots. There's still. Can't figure that out. They're changing the name of the county. They're trying to eliminate the city of Miami. They put it on the ballot, which they should have done by the way. That would have been the best thing that was ever done. You eliminate the city of Miami. I'm not talking about like, you're graphically. I'm talking about with neutron bombs. Get rid of it. And guess what, mine there? Have it a soccer game in the orange for last night, Mon. Get to the turnpike tollplas and a traffic is backed up. And we're thinking, what the hell is going on over here now? All of a sudden. And you look out the window. Here's all these Jamaican flags out the window. And it's gone on me that some asshole called to show yesterday morning, which you may or may not recall. And it said, I forget about hockey. It is that we got a great second game coming up tonight. It's the original. What other city? Other than maybe, maybe, you know, New York. What other city would have like to supporting event? First of all, the National hockey league or for was the HECD NBA. These are professional sporting events. I don't know what kind of a bogus horse crap event this is. The Concert Camp Gold Cup at the Orange Bowl. What the hell is that? With 43,000 and the Summod illegal aliens there through in the Yamangela Gange or whatever the hell was going on? Yeah, and waving it to make it flags out the window. With a goddamn stupid soccer game. And by the way, guess what the final score was of this thrilling soccer game last night? No, no goal. No goal. Get out of here with this friend. The final score in the big game between Brazil and the Jamaica Way. No goal. Get out of here with this guy. Soccer blows and a soccer fan. Get out of banana boat. Okay, go find a nice island somewhere where you can keep kicking it around that six hundred yard field over and back and forth and forth and back. It up and down. It blows. Nobody here gives a crap about soccer. Mon except the course all the forty three thousand sum illegal aliens who were down or watching a game. Just jamming up the Hershey Highway. Get out of I-95 and my life time. I have never seen such an excruciating situation. Get into the Miami Arena who were playing the defending Stanley Cup champions. All these crowd running ponies, of course, with their red wing outfits on. You know what I mean? That's true. All these ponies. And get into the arena. It's now seven or clock. Or nearly we get there. Six thirty when they open the doors. Seven o'clock. Oh yeah, the doors are wide open. I'll write you walk inside. There's nobody there except the two hundred people who come from Stau Thay like Mr. Mrs. Howard Kleinberg and a few other people live in Stau Thay. That's it. Those are the only people there. And now they're pouring in the arena by the ones. The crowd was just pouring in by the ones and two's. Because nobody can get there. This is the goddamn red wings. Okay, these are the Stanley Cup champions. He more without Stevie. The first time he's in the arena. He's a pretty damn hot team. Come seven thirty. The guy comes out and sends a very grotesque window. I think he was a frog or something. I know he might have been a Julio because he said the Jose can you see or something like that. A grotesque. We're in addition to the National Anthem. And I will wait for the face off. And here we go. McCreary's ready to drop the puck. But he's face off. You look around. They're going to be in three thousand people and the stairs to the start of the game. And the people are like filing in mid way in a second period. Are you following this mid way in a second period? I think was finally the end of people getting into the arena. Because they couldn't get there because of a stupid goddamn soccer game last night. This is what you call great planning. Now I hate to break the news to you. But the hot and NHL after this weekend we got a three week hiatus for the Panthers. Now one more home game for three weeks because of the Olympic break. And the heat gets what? Don't play home every night. Thank God. So I am sure that if there was a little bit of coordination, which is a warden out in the vocabulary and date county, Miami did excuse me. If there was just a little bit of coordination, they might have found some other God damn night to play their goddamn stupid horse ball soccer game. That wound up thing with a score of two. Oh my God. But I mean, this is I can't begin to tell you. I will be the happiest human being on the face of the earth when the last home game is played in the Miami Arena for the Panthers. When we finally get into that new arena in the fall and we don't have to make the trip down to Hershey Highway down the Ho Chi Minh Trail through 75 million illegal aliens on 95. I'll go into some stupid goddamn soccer game with the Yamaja Lagangja. The big Jamaican flags out the window. You know, totally unexpected. And nobody of course in advances by the way, it's going to be a nightmare. You might want to leave a few minutes early because it's going to be a mess, baby. And needless to say, of course, the orange bull exit. Guess what? The Southwest eighth street exit is right after where you get off the go to the arena. Right after the 3.95 exit is the or in their all jam and up there. I mean, you're like five miles from there and you can like see it almost, but you know, you're never going to get there. If you're going to be 200, you will never ever get there. So my sympathy is to those of you who do live in South A like the climb birds in a handful of others, or are done enough to still live down there because you're going to have a long long trip starting next year. But you know, something we've had five years now that jokes on you guys. We've had five years of this real pleasant pleasant wonderful journey down to her shoe high, which quite frankly isn't usually that bad, but last night was the coup degrass. That we're doing the coup degrass in the car. You could smell the the aroma, the sense of common or was like wafting throughout the county. So thank you so much all you soccer idiots you and you can hop it, China. You can call up money and you can give us a song in a dead to about how great it was. And by the beef and by the book, it's cocky. It's terminal. They can start 4,000 soccer league. They can have 20 million little kids running around with soccer balls. And it's still ain't never going to take off in this country because it is coma inducing. It is boring. What they make the field a little bit bigger. I think that was solved the problem. How about 600 yards would be good. And then maybe once you're once during a soccer match, it could actually get down in the offensive zone and get near the goal of the other team. And then by the time the game is over in two hours, then they'll be back up at the other end. Because it would accomplish the same thing that they do now. Take your soccer balls, get on a banana boat and go back wherever they want to go. But don't do it here. Get rid of it. Am I making myself clear so far? Am I making myself clear? Yeah. Good. Here's a pepper fine. Hello. Yes sir. I'm just contemplating. Only Canadian pepper. Yeah. I'm proud to be a Jamaican. Right. Okay. And soccer is the national game. Soccer sucks. Yes. And this has been a long time going long before you guys started basketball and football. I don't care about basketball. Okay. We had a hockey game last night. That started long ago. A foster game was a play. You are jealous because we are all kicking together. People from all overcame to see that game from the beginning. Yeah. You were thinking of the other maybe a little bad every night and would help you know. But you need that bad up your ass too. A bad up my ass. And if you are not into soccer, you're talking about smoking weed and ganji. If you were smoking weed and ganji would be conscious of what you've been talking about. Yeah. By your talking pure. Shhh. I'm just talking plain ordinary crap. I'm talking pure. Shot is what you say with the knife. Oh, that was beautiful. Thank you so much sweetheart. We love you. I'm just talking plain ordinary crap. I'm talking pure. Shot is what you said with the knife. Oh, that was beautiful. Thank you so much sweetheart. We love you. I'm fine. Oh, that was beautiful. Thank you so much sweetheart. We love you. I'm fine. Oh, that was the best. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. She said if you stick a bad up your ass. Am I fly right into your ring or something like that? It wouldn't think that that tiny Tim thing would be in here with it. Oh, that one is. But I don't have time for that whole. Oh, she's talking. Yeah, I don't want her to go. This is it. Oh, it is. What's that under? Old man. Carlos. Just under Gron. Oh, I didn't know that. Well, that's a beautiful phone. Lovely. Well, when must have been I ever when talk about where I foster again. I must have been bubble just calling bubble. That must have been him where he had that bleeding oozing a problem from the acting time, which we will not talk about in the year again until the mom maybe. Why did he get upset about that? I just don't understand even the way I was chuckling about that. She said it with the bloodiest stool she ever said. I mean, saw. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, hi. I. What's your about the game? I'm not happy what you've seen about your make-in. First of all. Because what I'm saying about your make-in. What have I said that isn't true? What? What you said isn't true? I know. What do you say my flag is ugly? No, it is. I don't criticize you. What? What's the bottom of the flag? It's just boring. I mean, it's just like, I got like one little stripe to it. It's not like, it's always your flag and you like to say. Why are flagged stripes and stars? And by being in Baraburo, I got the flag bursting in air. I don't have a damn thing in that. Let me kind of something. I want represent the graph, the green graph, the yellow sun. Okay. And black or black people. The green grass with your smoking. Well. Yeah. You smoke it too. I do. Yeah. I do not smoke weed, man. Oh, you don't know. It's a lot of weed. I'm smoking a cigar though right now. Well, okay. It's made from a human seed to backer. I'll let it cut to that is in there. Okay. A little bit of pots and moths. I live in a show for people to make it in there. Black and black is in there. Huh? Okay. First of all, you should have blocked your app on 95 for you wouldn't be able to come off. I couldn't come off on 95 and that my windows aren't in it. Good. You should have threw something in there. Uh-huh. Okay. And I'm just against the Jew as you are against the making. Okay. You're against the Jews? Yeah. Now, when did I say I was against your makeings? I never said that. You put words in my mouth. I'm also coming out of the closet as being just what I said before for you. You're reminded and bigoted. No. And I'm sure you're also against the fangs. No, you're not. I'm sure you're just right. You hate the faggots, right? Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Why would you want to think of it like that? Digging someone's after you are pathologist you might. Well, you're looking for seeds to make a, you know, plant back yard. I got a reaper. Won't be up in your ass pretty soon. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Thank you so much. She's the same bitch that called me for. That said that her shot didn't stick or something like that. I guess she never got with Roy Foster when he had that problem. I must not have been too well. We don't want to get into it too deeply. So there you go. She hates the Jew. She hates the fags. She hates me, of course. Because I cover all that territory a lot more. But she's a wonderful Jamaican man. There you go. Like I said, one way ticket. And she don't like our flag either. How do you like that? I think it's a common Easter. I'll let humans out there. You better watch yourselves. You're surmounted by common Easter. I'll do you think it's a good weed. If we ever sent it to Jamaicans back, you'll never get some really good weed anymore. Columbians, we don't let them in. For outstanding selection of a tagging. Eight out. Strong. The weather. The day be great. You like. We've finally got any what's up. That we should have been talking about years ago. Long ago, if we only would have realized we had 600,000 Jamaicans just living here in the city of Miami alone. And two million. It's what is it? Two and a half million Jamaicans and they embarked together at all that include Palm Beach. Because in his article at Sympristian, it says Brazil's fans. Absent promoters hopes of breaking a softhold of soccer attendance record fell short. Conspicuous by their absence in Tuesday, Scott of 48,000, 754 were Brazilian fans when recent years of Filiorn, Vol. Ababa, Ababa, but perhaps only 10% of Tuesday's crowd with pounding Sam Badrums and worrying the blue green and yellow national colors of Brazille. So that means of like 4,000 Brazil and 40,000 Jamaicans in that the world won't bull last night. 40,000 Jamaicans and where did the Jamaicans, if they really live here, if they're not illegal aliens, or came down from Alabama or were with their hanging out, I mean, where did I have to live? Where are these people? Have they infiltrated that very quietly? Are they busy selling weed on sweet corners and little Havana? They're Miami, the city of Miami, so in jerk pork and jerk chicken is that Haitian? That's for making. Yeah, jerk pork. Well Haitian Joe jerk pork curry. Yeah, Haitians don't have any food at all. Well, I know they're not doing too well, but I mean, they must have some food to reproduce like that. So but seriously, we've got the different ethnic groups. We all know about the Cuban. And there are some people who have Cuban, some people hate Cuban. I love kind of like, you know, the young Cuban, they love a lot, the ones who listen to the show, the guys. And then we got, of course, our American, while we don't know what to call them anymore, just regular plain old black folks, African American, which I hate that. Just black guys, women, whatever, which they're okay as long as they stay put. And of course, the Haitians, which we like you said, they happen to have two nickels throughout the gather. And they're busy selling the base walls, which is good. That's something very productive. We like that. And they don't seem to bother anybody as long as they're on business and stay out of their neighborhood. And that leaves the Jamaicans who seem to be the question mark ethnic group in South Florida. And today, I think we had to find a lot more out about the Jamaicans. I'm like that little guy. They're not on welfare. They have jobs. They go to work. What do you mean they're not on welfare? Is the area you're suggesting that there are others who are on welfare? And don't have jobs? Is that what you'd be suggesting? Yeah, like Americans, black, white, and miscellaneous. And Cuban, Cuban, American, you know, Cubans are not on welfare. There are no Cubans are well-known. Most are an eligible anyway, like myself. Oh, my God. Thank God. So I was thinking like Mary Lito. They never got any food stamps and stuff when they came over here or drive her life in Shredderway with a guy. I got a lot of banana books. That's different. Oh, Mary of God. They're probably not either. I mean, that would be horrible. There was not illegal. I'm not talking about the ones that came in illegally. I'm talking about the ones that got in her grandma's house and they would open arms standing down there when they're sure. So Bob Barker was standing right there next to him. I mean, I'm not talking about that. Maybe she'll get your children's spated nooters. But I guess they weren't listening. Okay, anyway. Let's do a Miramar. Hello. Miramar. God, Neo. Yes. I got a question. Is that born again Christian bit? Yeah. It leaves that heaven was like the opening of a ward and it was so much better than life on earth. Yeah. They were all late. All because they could be the excuse that we're given yesterday as well. She's got so much to contribute and she saw us so much work to do here. Hi, you all be doing all my work here, boy. He's dead. Here's a good idea. Well, all the questions you want to be in heaven. But I don't pick active. Kill each other. The sun, the ones that are killing. And the way they want to be. And then I get to a mental, like to share or the needle or whatever. Right. And they'll be there too. Sounds good to me. And you can start with those things on your coconut. Excellent. Have a good one. Quick. Ha ha ha ha. What is the question? They're question was about your makins, but this guy's too worried about flying born again Christian. Not a bad idea. Those wrong with that. See the arrogance. That thing in Texas was a classic example of the arrogance of most religious groups. Not just born again Christians or caters or Jews or orthodox whatever. But all the religious groups think that because their stuff don't stay. Can their got as the right one. Therefore we bend the rules for us. Even though she was convicted in a court of law, she killed these two people with the pickaxe. And we already know while she was on drugs, she's got this excuse. But she found Jesus and she's born again. And therefore because of that, that was you make an exception. The law doesn't really count which of course proves that a lot of born again Christians think that they're about to law. Like the ones who are busy buying abortion clinics and burming M and L's were etc. And so on. And in Talahasian Pensacola, God's law. It's right. God's law. That's right. God's law is above all the rest. And Cal Thomas knows God law. Just read the Assumption and let us do the interview this morning. Because the board again, they know what morality is and you damn well better listen to them because their definition of morality is what everybody else is going to do. Good enough for the president's good enough for me. Here's the Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hey, Emil. Yes sir. When you 20 year old person 5, 2 here. All right. I don't put my vote in for the Jamaican. Okay. I love him. He who loved the Jamaicans who want them to understand that. Yes. Especially the ones in our neighborhood here. There you go. My I have some neighbors there to make them there. Wonderful people. And they don't smoke on. Yeah. And I just wanted them to play their soccer with a more convenient time for all the rest of us. Hey, now it's blood of Panther hockey and better than Jamaican soccer right now. Yes. It is. Yes it is. Well, I don't know. Maybe right. I mean, I mean, hockey. Chiny hockey would be better than any kind of soccer sir. Soccer is terminal and there is no pace to be made forward. I don't care if they're in the middle of the world sitting right now. Terrible. He's up there's hair out over there. Soccer jersey. Soccer is terminal. Make no mistake about it. But not after a couple of nice Jamaican do these. Yeah. Well, I like to show you. That's all you need. Maybe they don't put up a weed contest as you read. We can join a hockey game this morning. I had to run it. Okay. I'm the first on the math of that job. You're hired. All right. Everybody in radio, back, add your team's bad. Okay. Put your yamaker away. I'll go on. You know. I'm your sister's two. So now in the middle of the show after getting into a big solid of dance with our Jamaican friends. Now Greg Reese says, or it's a great show. But guess what? We're writing the middle of Little Jamaica here, and I'm going to say, come on and by the way, I'm leaving for the day. So Greg, we know that he's on his way out. I mean today. Here's a mobile in tempered pie in. Hello. Hey, I'm on. You're on. Oh, yeah. Got no material. But I have a burning question. Yeah. We're even waiting to get that copier that's a, or a magazine. I want to be eating the butt. He also something Robert, who's one of our boardops at the estate. A fine American brought it in. He brought it and take that hollow stuff. And I've been wondering that myself. I wondered the contest. I keep asking myself, what conversation was going on on the year when I knew I did? I want to bang you in the butt, Tommy. Enjoy it on the day. It was a locker room in a room. I bet it was. With Danny Boy is what I heard. That's right. Thank you, Tommy. Okay, pal. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm not going to give you a breath. That was my.