Welcome to the 2-L-A-M. Hey, man! Science drug helps obese studies. Finds you know my doctor gave me a prescription for Maria. Give her a prescription for it. Give me a prescription for it, which I didn't feel because she also gave me a literature, which I took home and said, but here's like 700 different categories of people who should not take this diet drug. And one of them was anybody who's ever had a stroke or a TIA, which is like a mini stroke, and I thought, well, maybe not. Because it does make your blood pressure go up a little bit. Two points. But at any rate it says here in this story today more than 90% of seriously obese patients lost at least five percent of their body weight, while taking the diet drug, Maria, in the first six months of an ongoing European study, and 54% lost at least 10% of their body weight. Well, 10% of your body weight, if you weigh like 200 pounds, that's 20 pounds. In six months. I mean, that's not bad. But is that great? Is that worth jeopardizing your health and your heart? Like all those people that were taken a fenfen, which was the big thing there for all. Man, everybody there, brother was on that fenfen. There were like veterinarians were upheadling a fenfen to people. Anybody who was like any kind of a doctor was peddling fenfen and writing prescriptions. And then all of a sudden, I'll guess what people are dying like flies, and their heart valves are going and all kinds of other stuff and people are like wiggin' out from fenfen. So, you know, if this were something that's like in about two weeks, you could lose about 40 pounds, that sounds real good to me, but I'm in that out pale past, okay? In fact, anybody else want this prescription for Maria, I'll sell it to you. Hey, listen, you got to raise somebody somehow. The Dow's down 87 points already in soy 1015, which means it's come down about 220 points into his up one, three, five, and about the nine and 25 minutes. Absolutely unbelievable. And new people aren't worried about it. There are people with no money at all. There's a good lesson for all you young people out there. This stock market man is the biggest scam, and all these people that they got on here on TV, these talking hits. But I mean, but I'm a bit of there just a bunch of shifters. They haven't got any idea. They don't know your ass from their elbow. That's what that's all about. I mean, they're very entertaining on CNBC. I have a lot of respect for these people. They work 12, 15 hours, they're never seeing anything like in my life, but they have got no clue in all these experts that they bring on. They've got less of a clue. And what's that? What's that broad and colon or shorts, Johnson, whatever her name is? From Goldman Sachs to keep quoting every day, huh? I wrote it down. And Abby, Abby, Abby, Johnson, Cohen, something like that. Abby shorts, Weinstein, Cohen. That's her name. Yeah, she's talking to China. Oh, yeah, we still see 93, 110,000 by the end of the year. But I mean, by the end of the year, but I mean, by the way, I'm seeing stars in my eyes. Okay, Abby, you phony bitch. And F.L. the police, they've concluded their investigation into a topless stance of sexual assault accusation against Dallas Cowboys, Lyman, Laryl, and Monday without filing any charges. We are suspending our investigation, Dallas police sergeant Jim, our Chandler said. We're not filing charges against them or they're not going to make a grand jury referral, but he stressed that while the investigation has concluded, Allen has not been entirely cleared, which whatever that, what does that mean? What does that mean? It is not likely that it'll be reopened, but we're reserving that as a possibility in the future Chandler said. The woman said, I've sweet that Allen Forster had sex at night point August 24th, and the parking lot of things cavalry clubbed. And of course, you're a Jones said, but I think whatever, but like he always said, and how much of a check that I have to write to him this one, and I just continue to honor, and I'm with all these great heroes out there. Big non-story again in our face. He wanted a problem, so we got his that like in this town, nothing is happening. So people keep writing stories in the papers, especially this sports pages, a non-story. This one even says it's a non-story. My Michael Russo on the Sun Sentinel this morning, on Pot-Fan Panthers' Deal, no news and none knows. Right. Same old crap, they just, you know, different pictures, different song and a dance, I've got to check out Nita. Mara, see if he's really up-pussy. If his health is okay, if he's going to be able to play, I'm going to tell you if the Leafs are willing to take Rob Nita. They need brain surgery up there in Toronto. They need mental health. We've known that for a long time. Because the Harold Ballard must be making a comeback. So there's another non-story. And of course the sale of the pans of the Amalins, which was imminent like almost any single day, Don Smiley, John Henry, was out there at Joe Kuvas. Does anything happen without yet? No. So just continue to drag it and drag it and drag it. And nothing's going on here. Except we do have Mark McWarray's in a tremendous home ones in vating practice. It's greatest bottle out of excitement. But like I said, to me, he's very... The boring guy. Nobody's sitting those tape measure. You know something? He's still boring. And if I had to choose, I mean, like I hope they both had like 65 would be great. It's great for the game. We need something to be excited about. Because of that was down 114 and then I was next down 16. And it could be another gigantic horrendous day. We could have a worldwide depression. So let's at least watch some ball games, huh? Those guys are only making $78 a year. They got us to worry about. Here's Miramar, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. Hey, I'm good. Did you know? Yeah, I didn't get to talk. I called yesterday but I couldn't hold. I had taken out a car. I wanted to call him. Thank you for ride tour tickets. And it upsended my wife. And I went to a car game. Good for you. Yeah. She enjoyed it. Yeah, who'd you go with your boyfriend? Yeah, my her girlfriend. Yeah, I like we story. Yeah, we believe it. And McGuire's story. And tell me, finally, he's doing something. Doing some drugs or whatever that's making him hit at 95 mile an hour fast. Or 80 mile an hour curve or a change up. He didn't get the biggest he wants. I could care less. Yeah, that's all. That's a drug thing. I mean, nobody's even talking about that anymore. I know. Although this one guy, the NFL suspended Paul Wiggins for four games for taking that end or because he bought it at the health food store and Eugene Oregon didn't realize it was banned by the NFL. Yeah, which I don't understand why it is banned by the NFL because it's still it's just a food supplement. I must have played it on other rules anyway. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Thank you. And have a great life. And I'm glad your wife enjoyed it anyway. Okay. We have two open lines in a Browd one in date. 560, 560, 560 on the whatever it is, mobile one line. Anybody else out there who couldn't care less about the mallons or about baseball and general. Are they whipped up into a frenzy? Are they showing some interest? Because of this thing with a home lunch ace. I think it's great. It's something. And then otherwise boring terminal of the worst summers in the history of anybody's life in recent memory. It's at least something. And let me tell you one other thing while I'm at it while my y'all are across fall off my head. Since we were talking about the sports far with the microphone, use sports gamblers out to y'all something far be it for me. If that's how you want to spend your money, probably more fun and invest again in the market. It's probably a lot more profitable these days too. But it is the death now of this station and any sports talk radio station sports. And then you know something I hear almost not a bit anywhere else. But you sports gamblers out there as soon as I hear somebody call any show on a how do you like it and at the what do you like it and a kick off. I said click. I mean I'm going to tell you either the button goes to another station and the opposition or the CD goes popping in there immediately. It's terminal. That would be like my bringing in the program from pop at o park throughs the morning and going down every race here and reading a you know who want to raise what it had paid what was the time. I wanted to have terminally boring you sports gamblers out there. In fact, maybe what maybe what is there doing some giveaways to GA. That would be a tremendous service of your sports station WQM to send a lot of you people to GA because number one might help you with your gambling problem. And number two might get you your calls off the air. Oh, here's Greg we got George's bonus here today. Does he have it today. But why do you know I don't understand this why is this man laughing? Have you ever seen that thing? Why is this man laughing? Why is this man laughing unless he's just posing you okay. I mean, is there posing people ever since long before I knew him? I'm sure that's the story I hear. But why unless it's a host job, what is he laughing about? If a serious matter with you. Oh, gee, I'm taking care of that and of course you'd say oh, yeah, sure. Like this story. I will. Right exactly. That's what he's thinking right now. We don't have you to see. Didn't get that in writing unless you get everything in writing with these people. They won't do it for a love or an especially for money. Forget about the love park because there is no love. No chance. That's the measly way, baby. That's what it's all about. And so they do the tap dance but I'm eight but I hope. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to do condom talk. Six of each. Thank you. Do we have that? Do we have that? Can we hear it? Oh we love to hear that, Joel. We do indeed properly and we have quite a good time as I am hearing 칼 Veigeer leaves a bright light. I'm going to say, gourmet dumpling. Yes, he wanted he didn't know where to say combo or tandem and yeah, well combo and tandem you leave out Put them together and you got a big fat condom there, baby Here's Miami. Hello Okay, well, this is going to be just like yesterday all over again In other words the cats got there tongue again today. I thought we got that out of our system yesterday Two open lines in date two and Broward. We got big macco and on here in town We got all the excitement that anybody could want and then some and I asked him I guess they're answering my question Do we care about this? No anybody that's not like a baseball or a sports fan never cared about it before they cared? No, okay, thanks for the answer and Two open lines in Broward 560 560 and 560 on the mobile one line beautiful Anybody care about the market and sub 454 points now by the way to dial Nasdaq's making a little comeback. It's up and down. It's all over the place It's enough to give you a same fighter stance and green apple quick step to they care about that. No Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello Morning, yes, sir. I don't have okay. I went to the game last night only because Mac was there right? It could for free that's because we're free for any other team I wouldn't know why anyways, but I Jeanne I'm not the couple out of the sky dome All right, yeah, I got back from trial. It's up there for three weeks And I was reading the sun every day there and that's what the deal was that their time was pot fans for me to my almost tooth I can't believe the least would do. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's an ever great day pal Okay, we got one call on a board again here. I thought that yesterday was gonna be the day just like to market us I thought we get out of our system like a re-urgitation and these people got nothing to say about any of this 560560 on a mobile one line maybe it's not only all my cash that's floating before my eyes Maybe it's my whole livelihood to the same thing Because this town just dried up like a gigantic prune Here's our last call today Miami. Hello Any else yes, sir. First of all, it's my birthday. Okay, great finally old enough to be president. Yeah Neil the reason I'm calling they got it's kind of an old five report I guess. I don't know But this is a thing. I'm not a pervert or anything but I collect old playboys. Yeah, and I'm reading a playboy from 1975 and it has the pig skin Preview one all or whatever that I don't know with the college players their picks who's the best college players or whatever and There is a guy in there named Kim Roamp with an R yeah from Michigan state I know not a Jackson if I know you're not the sports guy or anything but is this the same Kim? Bro company changes name is this could be this no guy not it's a totally different guy. Yes, was that guy? So in other words this guy Roamp Just happens that he's from the same era and such a similar name Meaning what no, I'm just curious. I just think it's a quite a question You know, the ones you find that they're like three or four letters that are different and missing and that therefore it's close enough in its a match Well, there's two letters. They're different. That's all same first name. Oh, James. Let me say it again. No. Okay. Well, Neil Have a great day. Okay. We have two open lines in day and all of Broward five six seven. Oh five this is on but this is just like a whole new episode in my life here Just one you expect that you have some idea what's going on Like I told you for 22 and a half years all of a sudden these they're all in the phone with their brokers That must be it the douse of 87 and 806 excuse me. It's up and down. It's all over the guy that's up and down more than Kathy Willard's And this audience van they're down. They're on the outs They got nothing to say we got all this big excitement going on in town finally something going on here today Anything to say I need to show about it. Oh, they call in the prime listen the Hank yesterday driving home He's talking about my choir about social about this about the first guy damn call hey, could you lock in the kickoff class And I oh my god, I just wanted to kill myself Just wanted to oh you think the dolphins can cover the three and a half on Sunday. I mean professional gamblers. That's always got man. It's all we got left Terrifying Here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I swear. Do you reach your last night? After the game I gotta tell you something and you're funny looking you look like a pimple on my butt Oh, great. Thank you You must have a lot of vivid. I'd like to see a pimple on your butt. Okay, send us a picture pal Okay, we got two open lines and brought all of the five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line excellent start to the week 22 before 11 at five 60 QA If you look 60 Fuck you Everybody's boring. You know what I'm saying it 16 before 11 at five 60 W QA and we have powered five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Here's a lady on a pay phone in Miami. Hello Is she going? Well, thank you so much for waiting. Maybe her quarters ran out. Don't start that again Here's a mobile in Miami lake. Hello How's it going now? Okay, sir. Hey, I got a little local like punk state something that actually made sense this morning. Yeah He said that So it's having a great home on Europe of a choir the great home on Inter at deserves all the attention It shouldn't be focused on sir. No, that doesn't make any sense at all No, it does not Not getting lucky sources a lot younger than my choir number one Don't remember what is that got to do with it? Well, he's got a lucky Let me ask you how do you how many is he going to hit next year? Maybe he's going to hit 78 next year. How do you know? Yeah, but how many years ago choir is this thing this will be that this is the third exactly in a row Yeah, so I wouldn't call that luck. I did I call it luck. What is sir? What are you talking about? Are you lost it? Did you lose all your money in a market overnight? Not probably don't have any what an idiot I never said my choir was lucky. I said he hit 58 last year and that's why everybody expects him to be the one to do it because he's all run Itter but so says a better ball play. He's exciting can't really junior is exciting one good Zollos is exciting at seven RBI's life. I think he's got a 143 guy named RBI's with a month to go Those are exciting ball players, okay? And like I said I hope they both do it but please don't try to tell me that McWard is there's more publicity than Sammy Sosa But anyway Yeah, that's right you and Jelty. Maybe you can a low pal. I wish you all the best in the world two open lines in date 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's Western hello Western oh hello, hi sir First of all I agree with you on Sammy Sosa. He's twice more exciting than Mark McWard Great athlete is I was citing bumpers exciting to watch right and Secondly, did you watch your 930 show last night? No, I did not I was watching a ball in the baseball game like everybody else Well, I watched believe it or not I watched the show last night the night 30 show us be the one because we had a big 930 and Jeff Cohen came and delivered Boy, did I didn't see that part yeah These things I flipped over and I saw Jeff Cohen's back blocking the camera and I saw the very end of it when I threw all the crap in a waste basket That was Great thank God they put that in there and I was going guys. That was great and one other thing are on the Ben and Jerry's fish food ice cream. Yeah, I wanted to ask you to jever try it. That's certainly match No, it's a Sir, please with all the respect. I don't want to hear about any new ice cream flavors I don't want George ordering me secret meals like he did here yesterday I was so I was so psychotic when I left here yesterday. I wanted to kill somebody Any ill and close it could I call somebody to do a bag go ahead Marcus for me these ice cream Okay, you're right you're right about that anyway. I leave here yesterday first of all I go down to my car I had my oil change in my red vet yesterday, okay? Now last time I had the oil change in my red vet remember what happened? I'm driving home and I all these High inflation lights come on to my computer in a car because they're over inflated the tires and I go home and check in 47 pounds in the tires And I said you're I'm not gonna mention who changed the oil okay to want to mention any names I said in your yesterday when he called for me Told him to ask if they could change you 30 pounds in the tires that's what it says in the manual that's the correct pressure for those tires, okay? 30 pounds. I know I've got two of them believe me. That's the right pressure Guy brings me back to car yesterday. I pay him and we're going out to the car first of all fat boy Jeff high is out there at the car I was already ready to kill somebody and in fact there that you know something I blew it That's why I should have nailed right there Jeff high hey, pali you know anybody that says pali you know is the real major asshole, okay? Hey, pali It's like people let's say things out of a comic book like boohoo Did you ever hear anybody say boohoo? No people don't say boohoo, it's something out of a comic strip Just like people don't say hey, pali So Jeff high there. So he must be looking for a guy named job or something again Although I don't want to people back in clear to him refined out he was over here sucking around for work Evidently so and then the guy from the place tells me oh, we put 40 pounds in the tires because You know the sidewalks as maximum inflow pressure PSI 44 And at that point I wanted to sit down on the curb out there and just start crying I said matured's totally guy when before they picked up the car 30 pounds well we go by the you know what it says on the we go by what it says on the tire Even though the customer says this is right in the manual says this is right in the so you know He said okay if you want to stop by in a way home will illustrate it out for it So first of all I was too pissed off number one to stop by in number two I figured okay mate because he told me well, you know a lot of people like to like it this way Like you've got a choice like it makes no difference what it says in the manual if you want to stick 40 pounds of pressure And there go right ahead like all the punks with their big oversized tires, you know like I'm gonna be 10 years old again So I'm driving home up about third away up the turn biking guess what here comes the computer High inflation front lift high inflation front right there like being a move out of it. God damn place So I had to go home and did it around and get the pressure out of there and get it back to 30 where prolonged so other than that Why can't cannot people communicate in this town can't you speak they speak perfect English And that joint 30 pounds of pressure in fact if you do me a favor just change the oil and do whatever goes along with it and check the you know the fluid That's all thank you leave my effing tires alone please Please those tires only cost like 4 500 bucks a pop just leave them alone please I'll take care of the pressure I check it like all the time constantly And there's like an automatic pressure thing out or anyway in the computer that tells you how much pressure is in the tire So please no more 50 pounds no more truck tires that more court my core vet please So where do you think I'm gonna get the oil change next time George? Okay, here's a oh she's back the lady in the people and I'm not gonna try to kill oh Hi, good morning, you know, yes, man. I'm just going to like you know that the white tire Let's meet after me she can't be now you said here Can I'm a loyal listener? No, I'm not here. I'm finally here to hear these people think I'm not the plaintiff myself Because I love your show keep up to good news. Thank you so much Okay, see you bye-bye Well, that was nice actually spent a couple of quarters Well, she won't need a meter we have an open line in dating to a drower 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line Here's Kendall hello Morning, Neil yes, sir. Listen. I hear WQ a M made a bit to buy Russian I promise to pay by check Yelp, I can buy Russia right now. I can cover with my own track. Yes, he showed me the money anyway You hear like yesterday billgate lost $4 billion and you know something really crying for him. I'm really upset about that It's something you know, he can lose all this money and he still has like 50 billion left You know, just breaks my heart May we have to translate our money into like sense like you know I love the 100,000 pennies or something It's a feeling for You know, let me say it again if I could tell you how much I've lost on paper in the last six weeks We both go out in the street and blow somebody's brains out I know I just go my What if the area whatever is called the trip savings plan for three times yeah, and The last figures they have are the July 31st So they want you know get the no figures until September 11th or so You know, I really don't know what the hell you know how much money I got left there, but you know I don't want to get out now. I got a lot of ammunition and canned goods Yeah, I don't want to get out now because you know my retirement is like eight years away I'm worried about it. I figured I can hold on just like Monica says what goes up must come down or the other way around have a great day Palgood all right, they'd like to whistle Like Tiny Tim said two open lines and date and two and a row and five six seven O five 60 pump five 60 on the moment one line That was up 51 that's down three it's it's just hovering now is not the time to even really pay any attention The time to pay attention is like after about two thirty in fact I think they wait till I get home Yeah, they have like a spine my corner. Oh, he's home now. Okay, now let's go eight shot. Okay, because that's what they did yesterday I'm sitting at where you'd leisurely drink in my diet so don't look at the TV screen try to digest that meal that I didn't want And all of a sudden it's down to 40 and it's down to 60 and it's dropping 300 and three And I and I'm just sitting there like frozen in suspended animation like what the hell are you gonna do? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes. I hope that guy And the lakes my milk still listening either either real mom Sami that year Break time at 40 I'm wrong and he had He's almost broken but the body and I'm gonna pitch right so he really doesn't know what he's talking about the guy out 40 home in last year And so it's just younger than Mark McWarrie. He may maybe come on in the most prodigious home run in hitters Who the hell knows what the answers are made commonly somebody hit last year? Exactly But by the way he got 40 anyhow and and and it's like saying well, you know Roger Maris had 61 to one time But they don't ever hit more than 39 other seasons. Well, what's how different does it make does that diminish the record many other way and The really didn't go over 50 because his arm was broken. Yeah, by the way Neil I don't you go to you lay a lot. I just came back from Barbara Beach and the bathroom public I met somebody from Italy there They've told us The place I think called each guy and the capley You know yeah You know the copy I give it in there no It's a beautiful like I'm going to use your right now as a matter of fact. I'm gonna say Cottage or someone from my bank account ever great day pound. Thank you. I'm even urging Okay, we got one call on the board. This is this is not shocking. This is pivotal two open lines and they all are brown White O'er okay, if you don't care about Mark McWyer you don't care about the guy damn stock market You don't care about any other guy damn thing that's going on if you're is anybody in this audience taking more video Can they tell us anything about that? No. What what is with these people? What do they know besides what do you got for free? 5 6 7 0 5 you know something what I'm gonna do. I'm just I'm not gonna fight Today is today baby I'm just gonna clean out those accounts whatever I got left I'm gonna hop on a plane The nice to one you What happened about I mean this is a radio show that guy sits here and it throws out 50 but it 200 thousand things and he's got damn people Said but the like that this is Miami. This is South Florida if you're visiting here by the way Have one question for you. Why What in God's name what should you have possibly been thinking about to come here? This is the end of the goddamn universe here Oh Fine, it's too in brown. I'm not gonna move. I'm not gonna do a goddamn thing until we start motivating these goddamn assholes out there Okay, the sky's not falling. It's out of 80 points. You'll current and sitting there look at he's amusing I like you'll currently he's a funny guy. He don't always ask from his elbow anymore in the rest of the Middle East He's entertaining. He's entertaining. That's all we can get expect this entertainment So what they'll have to world is going into hell in a hand basket and Bubba's over there talking to the guy damn Russian college students So they're sitting there. What do you saying those have been dying? They don't know what they're talking about Which I guess makes to him Here's a mobile in the game. Oh, hello Yes, sir. I'm done. I know get a genobat cell I want to feel like you my peers are going around the acting diet. Yeah You can know you know I'll probably wait yeah, you did but you gave me inspiration I love 40 pounds since the years are kept it off Thank God that I say see how many lives I think I'm there Huh, I think they're okay You look a little bit no time Yeah, I'm the reason People I talk about mark the choir is that after he did I'm good season That's what's injured Part of the season right My guy can't really even always want to get that 48 instead of 55 but it's a my is 10 times more exciting player than mark my choir It's a big lock with huge arms and it's just yeah, it's like a toothpick in his hands The bat right And but I want you to walk in you with the third here you wasn't the fourth hitter He wasn't the king of arrows. Oh, they can't take all right Well, they got sickle was that you guys think I would turn around the challenge Just something you know now we got to the bottom of that's right. Oh, they know it's where they're good Crabs Okay, okay, go find a good cell pal Another great thing. He's got a bad cell anybody out there but in a bad cell We have an open line in day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty we got the dead as god They're an audience in the history of mankind on their show Dead or an adornal and that was up 79 and as next back in a plus it's up five points. What do you want for me? Okay, I'm pushing for it. I'm pulling. I'm squeezing. I'm doing everything on my power I got people in the other room but find stock like crazy with bad checks from Unsein checks. Unsein checks from whammy and bad checks from a measly read, okay But at least it looks good on the yucing up there anyway. It's all psychological see it's all in your mind Like yesterday, they were seeing at the old others panic down here of course there's panic for Christ six People are peeing in their pantalunies. I mean, it's money. It's all we got we should have been sticking None of the macros we should have stuck in the guy dead banks somewhere It'd have been cutting us into this gambling game and let me tell you again chronic gambling is for maniacs for losers I'm so sick and tear it all these gamblers how can you try to go about how they won this and they had a good Like I told you before chronic compulsive sick gamblers will never tell you about their losings only about their winnings and Believe you me almost every single one of them with very few exceptions in the long run lose their ass Okay, feel better now 1057 at five 60 QA You're talking about while you're dogs, yeah, you see crazy what And talk about it guys. I get no publicity I'm not on Tiffany do dollars zero In this town that's people who want Gonzalez was they cut each somebody that lives in higher The most phenomenal player there is I'm telling you I want to go for a while He's good I mean Yes Oh You know Yeah, yeah, I don't want to talk about all these marginal people okay if you talk about Yeah, no more great deal like I said marginal okay call us for you is good out of here I'm not doing a sport you I'm talking about a phenomenon as become a part of American culture which George is very upset about by the way too bad Let's see, let's hear your good topics for today George Yeah, I think what you're talking about off the road Wait better than that and about one This town and how they're more I thought that but I've already said that a million times okay, there's no point in repeating the obvious There's no point making people suffer anymore than they have to because we all happen to be here They know it We have an open line how many people do you think are really here volatile Six In other words if they had an option if all of a sudden they opened up their bank account tomorrow morning It was like $10 million in cash somebody stuck in here the money fairies stuck in it how many people do you think would stick around five For any hands anybody stick around here? I don't get any hands in this job. I'll borrow the other one. Any hands going up? Huh One Who is it? Was it? Well, over I want you out. Well, Ron, he's got problems Okay, we have a lot of grower five six seven. Oh five six. Yeah, he's not And he or he had the money boy. He just prepared. I wouldn't find it at all. He'd be the first one gone Here's my knee sorry. Come on You yes, sir Last today That's uh, moving that If I look we're bomb if it's time. Yes, or it's called rare How the dolphins gonna win the food for right? Tell me the other first tell me what do you think of the You know, it's all quiet the tonight. Hey, I'm a church like when I heard that yesterday I was so deep first I mean I was so impressed. So what's going on in this time is there any hockey going on now the NBA is the ring load on strike Is there anything going on? I mean the dolphins haven't played one wheel game yet The one thing going on is over at the stadium. He got 36,000 people in there for me in those games And here's some asshole call up wanting to know who did somebody like you know in other words Who they should bet on in a guy damn ball can the one horse count? God, it's it on the level one more town and always will be Um Where's the market goes Friday? I got a call that this is what they're doing now Friday got a quote who's dental base. Yeah, basically the woman said did you see what the market's doing? I said I just go to the internet. I'm sweating like a pig of corn Money, you know, I'm gonna try to get about well, you know, you should put your money to this The answer to how do you get my number? He goes for I got you off a list of All the Half-boiled Right, right So I said yeah, I'm out of a list of potential suicide right I got a couple of nickels like you know a few other people and the bomb line is losing that You know 2,000 so far and all the expertise state of course They you went to now you can't sell now you can't get up to great They take walk that's right So the bomb line is including my try to set it back sometimes you get advice for the you know from the Stages people he said the market's not for small people I got the people manipulated They make money they lose money but the small guys that you immediately get hurt I think he's right five six years ago The set is for you to money if you made you six percent you were happy Yeah, yeah, but now I'm sweating like a pig and the market wanted to do it now It's up 87 and nice decks up on a 12 Thank God, okay Good luck with the dog is on okay. There's a guy think I finally hurt somebody else because misery loves company And I know nobody gives a crack or something if you bust I'm not gonna starve to death But it's retirement money. It's money you say for years and years and years with wanting in mind like finally finally I can stop Air of the day of my life coming in and begging people that talk to me That's what I get paid to do. I don't get paid to come in and entertain or talk to people I come in to get paid I get paid to a big people to speak about anything they want That's Miami for you baby the dead is God damn placed on the face of there And I don't even blame these people to be honest with you because there's there anything going on here Mark McGuire come to town is the most important exciting There's a guy named election today. Does anybody including me care about it? No, no because we just weird just totally turned off the bed crap We got the best crooked politicians that money can buy and his town nobody with a brain gives a crack They're not gonna be five percent of the people are going both Well, that's why you're not getting a lot of call voting for all of voting. Yeah, right give me a freaking break Man on manner 7 And what the what did I say years ago? A few years ago. I said you know, this place is just a fraction of what it could be and then it's finally They put a bunch of pink and lemon and Line buildings down there in South Beach and got a bunch of drug addicts and And the Fags down there and they they really send a few people the old big name people Madonna hangs out and this one of them And they they really think that they put us on a map They think that they've made this in a like a tropical paradise Here's a Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I think for free today. Yeah, dial tone We have an open line in day welcome costume of pending five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the 18th Wireless line It's 11 away to five sixty QM If you need and that's one good thing see this is so for lying in every cast it's 11 13 at five 60 w QA I'm don't forget hands gonna be live at the sporting grooves today from to the six anything You get out of that red and first it joint and then we got Danny D Danny D for another penetrating interview tonight from six to six 30 before the pregame show I'm gonna tell you who's doing a hell of a good job by the way since I get a piece of knocking everybody and that's blue Shombie Now when it comes to doing a talk show no that's not his deal. Okay, and then go see got settled with Christina Moore Not his deal, but as far as the pregame show and the interviews and is play by play in the Southern Cuckoo Blue Shombie is great, which I was never all I've seen on him because my first exposure with him If you've heard of the expression was with Christina Moore on a talk show not a talk show guy But great on the ball games and the stuff that he's doing. I thought I'm both three of them. What do you want here? So see when somebody does a good job. I'll be the first one to come on and tell you and if somebody don't belong on here Like guilty, I'll be the first one to tell you in the second one and third one and over and over again Come on, I mean that's right. What is that call in Florence, Oregon? Can that be for real hello? Yeah, yeah, sir. How you doing? You're in Florence, Lawrence, Oregon. Oh my god I got the hell out of my hand a couple years ago. Yeah Congratulations sir. I have no idea about Florence, Oregon, but it's got to be a big hit of a one come on out We need the guy like you out here. Oh, yeah Just want to save love look for your show Especially a 3000 miles away right thank God for that internet right that's right It works well for me. Okay, pal. Well, listen have a touch with you in Miami have a great life You too and believe me you ought to be 10 times as happy you left here. It's a lot worse now Oh, I know it is I'm other still is down there. Okay, they're out of there good luck pal. Take care of there Okay, we have two open lives and ladies from Florence, Oregon. I feel like that they like to show up there in Oregon A people on the internet who are listening around the country the people who live here They're not too crazy about me because they know me better than the people in Oregon 560 50 50 60 on the 18 T. What yeah, we saw you all and by the way that That loony tune smothed. That's gotta go. You see that last night on the 10 30 show It looked like I had I don't know what that look like I had the underwear on my head. It's pretty big yeah Well, I got news. I'll give it to Joe Rose to my cover his head Let's go to a mobile in for waterdale. Hello. Hello. Oh Who raised your problem? I'm looking all over for ed cap one. I can't find them. Yeah Well, they got a change in the yellows kept them as you same pond or I wanted to say 40 a find that gentlemen 45 an ankle for what you find in cap one you find them at the track Are you fine. Hey, go over get the track Where do you find new actors? Yeah, you're you're right pretty weak When if the nice that they told you one time now you're now you're getting the old Picky with the bluff Lindsay who you're least lucky to even be able to find his way to work every day You're right I'm out of a tree. Okay. Thank you Okay two open lines and day one and brown in 560 50 50 60. Yeah. You a hey Cliff you and that Mark Kotsa You'll become quite a one-tube condom That was The epitome of WQM if I you know I'm embarrassed to say that to you, but hey I have no shame I mean I'm working here That's the epitome of this station Little kids on here. So it's like try outs for little kids and donnie you know He's trying like crazy and he's you know something maybe he'll be on here Maybe not maybe he'll wise up and get a real job for you get paid But a one-tube condom. I mean what are we talking about here boys and girls And that's our idea of you know penetrating exciting a radio here Just get the spots on stop belly it can already nobody wants to hear about it's too hot the markets in the cramper Nobody wants to hear about this just bring the spots on please Here's Miami hello I'm about to know man about the rocket man he's doing it in Toronto He thought I believe it's about three three shutouts and you know he's got like 17 wins Yeah, yeah, I'm as well as my young great. Okay. Thank you and get a new phone Okay, we have fun when I've talking baseball here today We're talking about the phenomenon of the Mark McWire and Sammy Sosa. I'm not trying this into a sports joke And I'll care about the rocket screw the rocket how about rocket reshared? How's he doing how about the pocket rocket? Dave County's wide open 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18t wireless one Hey, what do you think about the kick-off plastic how about those seven holes? Oh, God And you know something that's our real sickness here in Florida more so than any other statement in the world Is college football is like a mental illness in this state it's either Hurcouns leaders Seminold and it's like you have to be obsessed with that for like six months out of the year Do I give a crap about any of it? No, not in the least but in fact Hey, I was hoping that the Texas A&M and I don't even know who to hold out anything about Texas A&M I watched about five minutes of that game last night I thought this was really pissed Bobby Bob money were down 14 to 10 here in the third quarter I'm thinking of myself while with this sir that Bobby Bob right for preempting our show. I'm Sunday night on whammy I mean what is that all about colleges that have to have winning football team and they got the best program What does that mean? You know what it means? That's all it means is rhymes with mean green That's what it means all about thing money. It's got nothing to do with anything Does it mean anybody learned anything there? No, no, doesn't mean it's a great institution of a No, huh They counted five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18 p.line here's Margie. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling for Margie I'm just wanted to call and play our re-endrier show and I do watch it show whammy every night I'm one of the rare people who you don't think that watches it, but I do I just want to call lots of stuff because sports talk about South Florida I'm pretty discussed with it too In particular the school system my son just started that kind of growing yesterday and It's first time I was going to lunch They give this I have an alpha lunch the kids got his lunch I've come and got also lying to sit down eat you have like a minute to eat got the one-sided was sandwich I had to go back to class in the school. There's only supposed to have 800 days They now have over 1200 kids registered for it and I've seen on the promo that buddy McCabe It's a kind of work for governor is saying that he's going to clean up the lottery scam that's You know of course the more the problem with the school that education But they didn't get the person that's in office right now that this whole scam is controlled this time In him and child that's nothing for it. Yeah, I'm just you know what I know you thought about the whole thing I think they're both paying you a lot of looks to have been as long as you have the as long as the old parts have the power Like in Brown County Nothing's gonna really happen that's the that's another thing That's the what the I Our selfish and I'm not sure if they don't want to pay one dime to educate anybody else and kids including yours And that's why it's a very low priority and But it's the demographics in this town are all screwed up and especially in Broward Broward is you know something I would say to somebody yesterday driving around Broward County is Digging younger to me. I don't care what they tell us with the census bureau Broward County is so old the average age there must be like death less one day. I mean it's unbelievable So what's the answer? I mean Jeff Bush, I don't think he's the answer either What's there politically there is no answer the answer is you know if you can afford a private school that you answered It's not to do the best you can. Yeah Okay, thanks good luck pal. Okay, we have two open line hey, but we got good football programs there. Miami. Hi there you go. We got good athletic programs Two open lines and they won in Broward five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18t line The dollars of 120 nine points nice that's up 28 points, but don't get to excited it's only 11 20 in a morning At least it's not so crashing to the damn floor again like good look like it might be again this morning It's up it's down. It's it's volatile is the word you're looking for because everybody is psychotic and hysterical And the people who don't have money they're laughing up their sleeve now Here's a lady in poppin. Oh hello Hi, yeah, yes, man. I agree with this to that everything you say except when it comes to the market What does that mean? Well, I feel that you Like you you fan the flames of irrationality of the individual I fan the flames of reaction now I I'm sure it's ready yesterday. I got something to do with that Yeah, it's people getting you know I'm not in crazy because it's up to them When you're in the market Go to the end of the long haul you gotta watch what's going on number one Ask yourself questions what is fundamentally wrong with the economy of the United States nothing Are an unemployment is low Yeah I'm funny so we have no We know in the other words you're saying that what's happening the fact that markets all over the rest of the world are crumbling has no impact on us whatsoever How about our exports? How do we? Okay, how does rest how does rest market? I'm talking about Russian talking about Japan. I'm talking about Hong Kong I'm talking about Latin America. I'm talking about every other stock market in the world Australia New Zealand. I watched these things we'd already hate to break the news The thing that a massacre is like I am I watch these things very carefully I watch Bloomberg TV. I watch CNBC. I watch all of this crap and I'm telling you every other market in the world is taking a giant Europe is in the crapper We we can't American Down and there's go down people spend less money and it's corporate profits go down what we got real problems No way right and therefore the value of the stock goes down people panic and start selling it I want to put their money in safe havens like vans and in even the money market funds But I'm just telling you what people are doing and they're not doing it because the O'Rodges is on a radio saying I'm just I'm reading you the numbers off the screen here right? I'm reading the same numbers that anybody with a TV said can watch anywhere in the world That was up on 120 points when it goes up by tell you when it goes down I'm telling you and addition to which most of these images today happen long after I was off the year Don't watch in time because the daily up to the amicons That's not what it's all about for the trend is that since July 17th of market loss 1800 points does that look like a trend to you? Okay, but think about half past it went up and why it went up didn't go up 1800 points in six weeks No, what's gotten over month yeah Right and why it went up is what Alan Greenspan called irrational exuberance is that all these have probably stocked for over price Exactly there there was no value. No price any great. So what are you talking about? I think that this is don't if there go up and down nothing down But people start freaking out and that's the problem is freaking out the first thing I've had I've had a lot of ridiculous calls in the Twenty-two and a half years I've been on the year in Miami, but this is you're in the running you're like I'm not gonna say on top of the list, but you're certainly in the top ten Like like I'm somehow responsible for people panicking What are you saying? What do you just get through saying? Don't do this don't go up and down. I'll go up and down. I'll I want Get out of here crazy person probably a stock broker It sounds maybe like my stock broker who knows nothing by the way absolutely nothing which I won't mention your name on here We have two open lines and date one and Broward five stick to keep your state as anybody know no Except an unreasonable Soon as she started opening up her big mouth we were up 100 now it's only now it's dropping in stop 98 points That of 120 only since she came on the air So even though I have no idea what you said whatever you said sweetheart You were the kiss of the look at that the market is dumping right now just just on the heels of whatever you said That's the impact we have I can't even get the guy to six lines will it up here in South Florida I've been on a year for a hundred years I can't ma'am the number one rated showing time I can't get these people to call about anything for lover money and I've got such tremendous power that the market where markets all over the world are diving are crashing and somehow It's because of me because I said it's up and and that's exactly what it is The market open this morning when up 136 points then it was down the 69 point then it was up to 120 That was dropping again. It's up 97 but it's losing a lot of its gains It's up and down it's all over the place which you expect because people are they'll know of their scream or eat a banana or killer broker which sounds great inviting There's like somebody said a few days ago. We're not we're not here to give advice. We're here to sell stock And buy selling buy we're gonna get to make it or sell people They'll people very ago. We finally got to the bottom of this whole damn thing didn't we? What about the time you three years on it shows you what the amazing sales people are I so exactly like Jeff five How would you like to have a rough day like I did yesterday and walk out of here find out that your tires have been overinflated like about the 10 pounds per pressure Protire and then see Jeff high standing there Who is by the way much more over inflated than 10 pounds per square inch? Hey paly oh god. I'm gonna tell you my life was dancing in front of my eyes Will he still using a cane no no he claims he's lost some weight. I said how could you tell? He must have just taken a big it's 1126. How would you like to pay your bills that way at home? You know like SP and L or there's a Southern Vell anything like your utilities your water bill You know a be sitting there in a house with the with dark is what it would be Well, I don't care they can turn everything off, but I'm not way to pay yet I got you know fifty trillion dollars during the bank and my stocks are doing real good But I'm not I'm just not ready to pay yet. It's not a question of if it's a question of when and so after the episode on here was off You know behind closed doors in there Greg Reed tells George. Oh, I'm doing everything I can and no We're just to you know the paperwork is in over there But just a question of getting them off their ass and I'm doing all I can right now He's doing all he can just like he's gonna spend 15 million dollars to invest in the goddamn Florida Marlin Come on, what are we talking about here like I've said before I got him summed up perfectly He's a good guy. He's got good intentions. He knows nothing about the business But he's a good guy never stole a freight train He'd like to take care of people, but he can't because he has nothing to say about anything He's a face man For the beasley guy And believe me if you ever saw these guys you you you come running with the with with the bread and water for these guys if you saw them You'd say here can you know you're reaching your pocket you say I might need these quarters later on but can you use them now That's what they look like they look like they just called out of a goddamn dumpster I'm not exaggerating Before I came to work here. Oh, they just sold that big station LA for 120 million cash. They're loaded money If they're loaded with money, they must be rolling around it and the mud too Because they are unbelievable Just like you people are unbelievable today and yesterday we got the two calls on a board two open lines and dating two and Broward It's a hopeless case. I think we've come to the end of the knee or Roger show us we knew it Markets coming to an end of what's up 92 it's not doing that bad and that's the next up 25 and nevertheless It's kind of a half-ash the rally here today They don't really have their hearts and it cuz they're all panicky. I think this audience is the same There's a lot of fun for 22 and a half years, but these people got nothing to say about it 560 560 560 on the 18 T wireless one. How is it possible an area of 4 million people That the work so hard to try to squeeze a few words out of anybody. How is it possible? Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello uncle. Yeah, yes. I'm ready to say uncle right now. I'm ready to pack it in Yeah, I hear you let me get on a plane and head for just say take me anywhere out of here I'd like to try and make a plea to the idiots that go to the baseball game Yes, the stay in your seats until between in a Uh-huh. I have seven gross seats on the third day while I last my cardinal game If I had a dollar for every time I had to get up and sit down and get up and sit down and get up and sit down I'd have more money than Mark McWyer has Palmer. Yeah First of all you got to understand that most of those people there are just front running ponies anywhere They're who they're to see a phenomenon who have no idea of how to conduct themselves at a baseball game Ready sporting you better any other place in public and that's what you're dealing with. I guess so I mean leave your two-year-old at home and just you know go to the game with your wife for growth Right, that's right. It's the real kids at home exactly Up and down all night although you do have to understand one thing you got to sympathize a little bit Because the prices of the tickets for a sporting event are such you can't afford a babysitter anymore Well, that's the whole point of the kid next story, you know get him to get in the house and Watch the two-year-olds for whatever three hours Which is an all-just a positive two-year-old that dumps through on a way to the ballpark and have a good time That's common place around the whole thing. I'm just this top of that because you know Of course, you know you think it might need to go to the game and every I mean I got to say no no exaggeration 50 times I got up last night Hey, that's one of the main reasons I stopped going to Marlon and to dolphin games Not just because of the fact that it was so ponderous, but it is you know when you can sit at home and watch it for free in the company your own house And it's such an unenjoyable event between the parking it's a sluff at a parking and And then the people behave like a bunch of assholes. How can you enjoy it? Well, one thing is you're getting up and down like between innings when nothing's going on I got a problem with that, but when there's a guy at that and you know you got 16 people and it's the same people every half hour getting up and down It's a pan and the ass amen. I think good luck Yeah, we sure got the most knowledgeable sportsmen. Hey, you think that's a leave on's gonna win 30 games this year. Yeah What what's these people know about you? I'm gonna tell you what they know about here suffering We know about misery and suffering because those of us who are here we do it every minute of every single day of our lives And who taught us about suffering the old people taught us about stuff? I want to congratulate all you old parks out there because your motto is misery loves company And I think you accomplished what you set out to do years ago those of you who are still and a lot of those people are in the ground now But they still are smiling Their cadavers are got a big smile on their push from ear to ear Because they came down here to make air all the rest of us as miserable as they were and they've succeeded Hey, it's going you old farts you old first 20 to that also be game with enough 23 before noon at 560 WQ amp shooting a scene. Hey guys. Yeah What do you think about my breast? You think you know? They look okay You think my nipples need to be hard Maybe a little lies in the nipples Yeah, maybe a little bit about my balls. Do you think my balls is okay? Oh, yeah, yeah, you're putting it You forget about your balls. What do you think about my abs? Oh my abs? Oh, you're at it. Look tonight All right, it's going to be great for seeing yeah, all right. Oh, yeah, your nipples are erecting now. Oh, yeah Oh, we're supposed to do it. I forgot my lines We got a talk Oh I just figured out during a 36 seconds of that thing runs a David McChalamus the anti-crase Oh, he's got a bit I mean David Hasselhoff, what are the same guy? So David Hasselhoff is the anti-crase. He is so annoying David the column used to be on Northetheo with Robert Cullf Come on real quick real quick David McChalam and Robert Cullf in was it ice-fi? That was good man That was that was Robert Vaughn Come on David McChalam and Robert Cullf in or was it Robert Cullf and Bill Cullf in I Spine Man who was Robert Vaughn and David McChalam and he mad for them. There you go, oh, we finally picked him up All right Finally David Hasselhoff he makes me want a vomit What the hell is he he must be a pervert, okay? What's the guy like him do it out there with all those young hot bodies, okay? Female and male two by the way, I should have what's he doing out there better ask your friend Does boyfriend David Chirvay? I won't see him no more Here's Miami, hello Hello, yes sir, Neil. Yes, you're gonna cause pandemonium in the All stock market. That's right. Just look at the power I got man Neil, I have a much bigger problem in the stock market I don't have any money. Yeah, but I have a bigger problem. We did know something pretty similar I'll be in the same boat. We can all smile to each other and say hey, how's this feel? crappy I got a huge problem Big Mac is gonna break their accurate. Yes, I do I think they're both gonna break through right You think I should be there to uh You're representative of a Vio de de de de de de de de de To be representative of one. No, I owe D. Yeah, okay go go ahead and call them I'll tell you be some tickets If they're still in business. Are they still on the air? Huh does anybody know? No, is anybody care? No We have an open line and date one in Broward five six seven five sixty Pomp five sixty on the mobile one line. It's 1109 of QA. I mean if you're people you hate out love you baby You love three street where they can you black them? Ray, if it was you or it was me Yeah, it's up and throw the keys away Father, oh, too Amen Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh It's 1114 at five sixty WQ. I'm gonna tell you one thing if things get really rough today I'm gonna read the entire weekly world news on here today. Thank God. I brought these good tabloids in That's where you find out the good stuff like the weekly wheel We'll new seen the National Aquar always tells you that everything that they write as outrageous as it is They verify it's all for real weekly world news. You know that everything that's in there's a bunch of crap But it's a lot more entertaining like the picture of Bubba on the front cover this week with the black eye and a scar on the nose And the front page headline Clinton words heavy makeup died injury did Hillary give Bill a black eyes What it said first lady hits president and face with a cell phone over Monica sources say There you go. She booked up big time from the Janet Reno school of beating a crap audio Well, that's a lovely picture. There you know something I saw him was making that most recent speech Which everyone it was one of his last two 300 speeches he made and He's he does he's got makeup on it and the I too Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I just want to learn a little secret When women get together, they're worse than men they talk about yeast infections And come that a year and welcome that a there maybe Elizabeth would rather hear you talk about that Yeah, let's talk about yeast infections. You talk about something really disgusting. You know what might I look for media Let's talk about that for hours my boyfriend's outside painting a mailbox and I just want to say hello Okay, I'm cleaning out good And the mailbox too. Okay, have a great thing Me now that box good pal In the mailbox too. Yeah, she was getting close getting warm So to speak we have an open line. Yeah, let's talk about committee How that's something Elizabeth can probably relate to Let's talk about disgusting growing bulging yeast infections in places where it's illegal in Utah Yeah, right now that's he that's disgusting That is nauseating in disgusting. I would be the first one to tell you no thanks. See ya But I mean like a bruised rectum record. That's disgusting. There's nothing disgusting about that As long as you're a sanitary person and you do those things that are required to a stay sanitary Use your tucks or your uh Sherman or whatever you I said tucks or your bidet or your bidet or if you're real exter sanitary You're splashing that thing man. Keep it a nice and sanitary It doesn't have to be disgusting and dirty. Although in your case Elizabeth maybe that's the problem Maybe Elizabeth's got a very unsanitary We'd add to problem with air and pepper pines when and out. Let's go make her clean it out I'll leave that to you or his Mr. St. Louis all of a sudden, which you know he'd come out of the woodwork day of the copy Yes, how you doing Neil? Okay, and maybe she has more yeast and wholesome and I got a I got a question for you I heard a lot of the announcers talking over the weekend about MPP for the uh for the year yes throwing away around a few names Yes, Markman Gwer has no chance. Okay. Here's my question. Would you dress scholar Raga? Would you consider it for the team or for what they've done for baseball? It's never worth it What they've done for baseball? You're reaching and stretching so hard that that's not what the MPP is all about I understand it's so similar. Why don't you try to crafty team that doesn't go anywhere's never gonna be the MPP And McGuire's not gonna get it. I'll come to everybody's a cardinal fan. Now I don't get it. They're not they're not they're they've got The cardinals are a crappy team with no pitching and nobody cares about that They're McGuire fans that's all they want to see something great happen. They want them to do us Do you think it's quite of that crappy complexion and that neck that looks like he ran into a chainsaw? You think so similar but basically stays that stays the fourth this year? I wouldn't say they say this fall for this You're generally interested in another wise lacklust two year and the wild card with some assholes are opposed to by the way That also helped save this for cuz if or for the wild card what interest would there be you got the braves and the Yankees all these other things five Minions ahead the Indian what the hell race would there be you're right about that you know Galara right as playing games No, there you go. Moshell is playing kick kick ass Moistia lose right in her two he's and there's not it's not a slap in the push You get it you should I'm only get a little wouldn't that be a slap in Wayne's push Well, you know, they're not playing in Miami maybe they wouldn't give it to Moistia And you notice how guys X-Marlins like Trevor Hoffman and Kevin Brown and Moistia look all these X-Marlins are having like career Seasons this year not only are they having great years, but they're having career years now that they got out of here They may have repeated this year who knows but in in closing to make it short There's no fair good handcuffs. Okay, yeah, yeah, that's for sure We have an open line in the two of them in date 560 550 560 on the mobile one line How about it Sammy so some Mark McGuire. Let's take an office pool Huh well, they're playing pocket pools. That what they're doing right and put a Mark McGuire's locker Looking to see what's in there. I saw that guy from a p-day at him on yesterday Well, I saw the can of spinach. I thought that was cute and I saw the The sugarless gum next to it and at least Mark McGuire ain't chewing that chewing tobacco like all these other athletes A poor role model and then I just happened to see that bottle. Yeah, right You know bottled and drinking get out of our face Something you buy in a guy named health food store over the counter just like all these cretons taking cretons and all this stuff And it's it's a supplement. They you buy in a health food store And thank God that that's pretty much washed away another that it keeps sitting these Titanic gigantic Get a comb run people are like forgetting all of that because they're getting wrapped up in the euphoria And let me say it again. Let's hear it for fox losing all that money Hey, hey, we're pretty much not you jackass you right wing lunatic Here is a Western hello I'll get there man. I've had worse experiences than this If I can survive a blues back home, you can survive almost anything You're not on to Brian Norcroff. I think yet See that the problem is by a Norcroff. He wants I don't want to get all that home see both stock in his 401k Oh, that what it is and you know see if he threatens us with a hurricane You know what the stock does now he's just got a massive goddamn ego that little Brian is like all those little people Man, he's just the guy in theory already complex and he's trying to be a big mega star now If we could just have one more big hurricane he could double that contract didn't they change it to an anchor before? And he ought to be an anchor on a queen Mary and believe me you can hear they would probably fly fly not just float it would fly Did you see the foam and Russia rejected? Yes, I just got to tell him that oh you did and the reason being that the communist and all these other people Like negotiating they don't want to make an agreement right away. They want to have they they're all playing They're negotiating. Listen one last time. They want more to the government. They want this. They want that they want their peace They want some of that IMF money that everybody's putting up whoever put money in Russia Has the deserves getting their asspart exactly. Okay. Okay. Okay everybody. See ya So to be sent to Siberia. Okay. If they could afford a plane ticket to get there. We'll set him on north Western We have two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line On an incredibly depressing day here thirty first of August once we get this August out of the way then It's gonna be clear sailing baby. Then look out for us Once we get this damn Augusto out of the way and this is the last day this awful Monday By the way, sure hope George is a good job next Monday because then he can work just about every Monday because I think calling and sick Money sounds like a real good idea to me. Oh, yeah There you go. You got to break him in slow. Okay, so start him on a day when it's a real challenge on Mondays All the next Monday of course be a holiday nobody will be working in general of those holidays are pretty good plus of course they'll all be called into busses balls Here's a Hollywood. Hello Hey, you know, are you doing by the case sir? I want to let you know that you know I listen to every day and I think you're running great Sure you're the only person in the whole crappy station I listen to because I hate sports and I mean it is a trouxious, you know, I never watch for nothing But I think it's really shit that they're with their with their guy. He said it's Chad George is raised in eyebrow the guy said Chad Chad same thing I know yeah, so I think it's terrible that they're trying to take all the Mark McGuire has accomplished the way from it Just to take them from creepy vitamins. I was watching I was looking through the channels and there was a show with these four idiots on there who oh He he he brought up the comment in the each one of these lunatic get their turn to think about it And he's saying oh, I think guy, you know, I'd like to see Sammy so to do it instead and this and that and I just can't believe it This guy goes in the gym even Tony de Ruth is cozy to look even the gym working out every day He signs on a girlfriend of the kids and what about that fat flop? Babe Ruth this guy took all kinds of drugs and stuff no one's taking that drug But he was drinking booze. He was drinking all kinds of whiskey and beer He was a notorious Guzzler of booze and that was during prohibition He was not only drinking all that booze, which was bad role model, but he also was breaking a law And no one wants to go see the marlins you can offer me even think it's in the dugout and I went take him right I One go to see those guys for nothing exactly I think the marlin I can't stay in the most okay. There's a guy knows nothing about sports Well, he says full of bull crap is what he said bull shot We have two open lines in day one and a grower five six seven In fact, maybe we can get a leave under will open them Lepasted from the hell that would be a match made in heaven and they could all they can they can get on a banana boat somewhere Our Cuban were both Cuban and they could embrace and they would never see him again Hey, Eddie, I think leave on's gonna win a hundred games this season You think the marlins the level in another game Eddie? Oh, sorry I'll tell you one thing they sure got a hundred losses looked real easy now though at one point there when they had those three weeks where they got hot for a little bit It looked like just maybe they might avoid the embarrassment of losing a hundred games Especially when on the hills of winning but they already have broken the record for the worst season ever For a world championship team to follow when you're they broken every record. Let's hear it The amazing part I don't want to talk about it because nobody cares, but I was gonna say the amazing part of it is with all these kids They got even with the injuries. They still score a lot of runs. They got kids that are hitting the foots out of control out of his mind But they got no pitching none no matter how big the lead is is it ever big enough for them? No 25 past eleven five's donny b from six to six thirty and we got the orange here One the cartoon character the booster Six thirty to seven to three games showed a set up the big ones out of the night and the marlins and the angels with Joined Dave 70 five tonight What the mountains and what did I say the angel and the cardinals? What what difference does it make what team it is the marlins and markman guire? Excuse me excuse me If you want a great recap, how Two open lines and date one in Broward five six seven. Oh five sixty five six. I guess this guy likes lesbians Okay, that's okay if you love lesbians. That's fine. We don't have any lesbians. I amy hello Yes, sir. You know it's a funny thing that started to call the Baháwood I had something kind of on the lines on that segue Howard King of our media, but near Okay, number is another guy with no material. Dave County wide open in fact this guy was already on hold when the other guy Got me for the proving what I said no material nothing's if any new to not a we better play on real But Charlie for three hours to two and a half hours all the guy left There you go. Red up to two a five. Yeah, me so what does that mean so horny with Larry King Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Is there anybody in Dave County left? They ever get off the banana boat. No, they're just getting on and leaving. Oh Dammit here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello Hey, New York, where are you? Okay, sir. You think it's all down there? I just drove through del Rey Beach On several highway. They got a George Bush bullet bars, you know that no, he did not It's unbelievable there's nobody on the road that takes the whole town and just What do you call it? The guy was called you are cars back about me Bruce doing drugs I think they did do drugs, but if you ever watch those films, they all look like they're on so King right in the world Okay, thank you sir. Okay. We have an open line of Dave one in Broward five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. I'm gonna tell you one thing guys I'm simulating here. I'm sitting here. I'm on fire in this audience This crowd that you saw like the biggest bunch of deadheads you mature about his funniest cancer of the kneecap and That's pathetic in fact I'd rather sit here and talk about my bruised rectum for flowers than listen to these calls We're getting here today Just pathetic how about granny and her implants granny got a boom job She's 78 now she's dead. How do you like that granny is 78? Oh, but she didn't have big boobs in fact they couldn't even get the guy dead can't see closed Oh God, here's a mobile in the Palm Beach, hello Hello, New York. Yes, sir. I was wanting if you heard Mr. Mande is from Saturday morning defendants Jimmy Johnson or I did not not taking out Jason Thomas in the fourth quarter. No, I did not Here he is the starter She personnel at defensive and he's playing in the fourth quarter to hurt How about you till green how about the fact that he forced him to play when he was he's had no business using many exhibition Give how about that? See Jimmy don't make dumb mistakes. It's all the sports writers fault. Yes We do have both those sports writers in this town, but Jimmy don't make mistakes And like I said he can belly it can he can give me to be put above him get all in sense to make all kinds of comments about the writer But at the same time now now the exhibition seasons all over with okay, that was very nice And they're looking real good in this and that everybody's all with the ex exhibition games mean very very little in any sport and especially football Now that the real seasons starts after all the hype after all the hair after all the opening of the big mouth After saying he wouldn't do his coach to show on for cuz he don't want to do with Joseph Gackie Which we can understand because he wants to be under with Tony sucking his ass on channel six every week Now let's see me there put up our shut up okay Jimmy So all the funny scapegoats don't blame the media. It's the the ball is in your courts. We heart. So let's see what you got Where we go and let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hey Neo I do on point story today and it makes me sick because you know what that lady elusive if you're to that letter Yeah, okay, I bet you the charity has him Roy's and I bet you she already has a pain in the ass and that's why she is a pain in the ass and Okay, oh and this guy's talking about the other colors. Okay Sir you can you when he wore you want it. He got a worst call in the history of the show right there Can you think of anybody that comes even close anybody? No, worse the worst the most desperate. I mean trying so hard To be entertaining amusing to the this is the most vacuous place. What in God's name am I doing here? What am I doing here? Why did I waste that first 35 minutes this morning spewing out all the good stuff? I'll tell you why cuz it killed a good 35 minutes. There you go We have an open line in day five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Jesus God and Joseph Mark it is down 19 young points the dial that has that's down 58 Here's the guy over there in Europe that's always talking to trying to come out the Brett let's see how they're doing over there Oh, great, okay more bad news don't worry about it. It's only money It's only money for crap out loud. All the money in the world is not gonna repair a bruise Underlate well no bruise. That's right Bruce David Paul. Hey listen you think for for this crowd. I'm gonna reach all the way over there and hit the Right guy damn button Not what is kind of response maybe if we get some kind of response here today. I might worry about which button I'm hit yeah There you go You want a great pair of shoes brandy shoes is where you're gonna find all the top brands the lowest prices in the world sales people And we'll really know your feet in other words. They're gonna fit you up exactly with the right size and you're gonna walk around There were the big smile on your push because you can't buy a greater pair of shoes that better saving anywhere in the universe That had brandy's mega store with over 6,000 square feet and over 30,000 pair of top name brand men's and women's famous shoes In fact, they got them all they got floor shine Bostonian topside as parks They got Dexter Mfisto echo husk puppies brandy This is your largest retailer great rock port. Choose the entire state of Florida and if you have a big big gigantic feet or even little teeny tiny Embarrassing feet make still problem because brandy's carry your heart to fit sizes and if they don't have in stock What you're looking for the order is for you with no extra charge So if you want a super look at and fitting per shoes. This is the place brandies at 1290 federal highway in pop and over you can drive right up to the front door You can call them at nine five four nine four three ninety six sixty seven do yourself a big favor in your feet to get your next great Perish use it brandies. It's unbeatable This is five sixty UAA When it comes to health care everybody wants to be covered But everybody thinks that somebody else's problem and Everybody wants it to be affordable But everybody also wants the world's best health care the doctors don't want to make less money The trialers don't want to stop suing the doctors the insurance companies don't want to pay off the lawyers and the Public doesn't want to pay back the insurance companies in higher premiums when the doctors lose to the lawyers when maybe they shouldn't even have been sued in the first place So where does it all end? Will a good place to start would be by not putting mom and pop and other businesses out of business by having their employees To them the insurance companies and the lawyers and the doctors in the HMOs and the politicians don't deliver health care is promised If you make business live over everybody else's problems eventually the real losers will be us the patients again So call 800 811 8057 and say no to the Kennedy bill 800 811 8057 say no to increase health care costs This has been paid for by the business roundtable Where they buy So and trade new and use computer high. I am Joel the owner of American computer traders We've made a major purpose. I can say you lots of money. It's our super For super savings about money are starting at $65 How about no-for computer starting at $125 How about 406 computers starting at $150 about premium computer starting at only $495 About that we sell new computers as well as use how about that we're open evenings for your convenience How about even greater savings that are computer flea markets tell every Saturday at American computer traders How are we able to pass tremendous savings along to you? Well, we're in the severed family owned business matter franchise We refer to where house or equipment so you don't have to wait and we do not pay commissions to our sales people so you come first Super At American computer traders 1100 is talk on part full of our important lot or deal come in today or call us at nine five four five six eight five five zero Just You can't see a ignore thing that guy named I wish I had it gone One of these days you might write to them song and then mine you will feel It's all in 42 at 5.50 to WM the World Weekly news has got some A staggering stuff for all you religious nuts out there for all you crazy people Jesus died from a heart attack says expert in touring Italy in Toreno Marks on the shroud of Torene reveal that Jesus died of a heart attack is a new study by a forensic scientist in this guy real scientific sure On top of fatigue the pain of 19 hours of torture, dehydration and a speciation from being crucified Jesus had a coronary professor Parallel Luigi Baloney said Pierre Luigi, sorry excuse me, excuse me, excuse me Professor Baloney performed a post mortem by studying the shroud of Torene Christ burial cloth if that isn't good enough for you In Seattle, Washington a respected doctor has confirmed reports that a 22 year old pregnant woman is definitely a virgin Sparking rumors that Jesus Christ is about to be reborn All right Here is a 22 year old pregnant woman who is definitely a virgin People are working themselves at a state of hysteria over this is Dr. Charles on tagging the unidentified mother's position I can assure you that other than the fact that this young woman is medically a virgin There is nothing remarkable about her yet for weeks people are camped out in front of my Orifice hoping for a glimpse of the second virgin Mary News of the miracle pregnancy spread after Dr. San Tagu Rodinardical on the case in a medical urinal and extensive excerpt was imprinted in a widely circulated church newsletter and thousands of the Valkyries, hysterical crazy Christians are flocking here from around the country Even to be on hand for the birth of the new Messiah The protective privacy of his patients doctor And by the way, how can there be a new Messiah We're expecting one Aren't we I mean you I mean you I thought it was coming back on a motorcycle I'm thinking was going to be an imposter not a new one Maybe this one's a clone maybe it's dolly To protect the privacy of his patients doctor San Tagu He has had to move his orifice and get an unlisted phone number He said with a sigh it'll be a relief when his whole thing blows over is what he said said a local Baptist minister until a child is born We won't know for sure But they determined to be on a shadow about she has never had sexual Intercourse it's a freaking miracle It's a spontaneous birth Oh, it's a freaking virgin Oh Here's Miami, hello A meal Yes, sir. Yeah yesterday I'm there leave a bed waiting for you show it to 30 Pretty good and then he never neglects Go man, Bobby The goddamn Bobby Bowden show it again They don't even tell us that we're not going to be on these people It whammy man. They got some guy damn nerve They just plop they plop the thing on it whatever they feel like it And if they got any of anything else to stick on that they might be a couple bucks for We're preempted. I mean wouldn't it be nice if I could come on a year like last week and say Oh, by the way for those who watch on Sunday Be sure watch 10 30 because we won't be on an 11 anymore Wouldn't be nice if they would tell us. No, they can't be bothered The best day was Sunday when it paid you for a full hour Right, but no, you can't have a good night when No speaking redneck Bobby Bowden that everybody hates like poison and rightfully so Exactly, also on the markman's where I think yeah, everybody's seen no he shouldn't have been kicked out because all the Home run or whatever garbage In baseball there's no preference Just like a basketball there's no preference Don't tell us to Steve Stone Okay, we have an open line in date 567.0560 On the mobile one line. Yeah, you people are whammy boy. You got some nerve Dillon around with everybody show they stick this over here and of course the audience is you ought to get to have any idea What anything that's gonna be on? No, didn't the audience have any idea Bobby Bowden show was gonna be on? No, it's just like you know bush league would be a compliment Makes QAM look like a real professional outfit which is a real joke Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hi, I'm a tiny eye you do it markets down 154 and moving fast. Yes, sir Gonna continue to go down until it's 200 against today unfortunately 200 it'll hit 200 by 1230 Oh really, no really 154 Oh, it'll be yeah, it'll keep on going down obviously, I'm not gonna be surprised if it's down by 200 by 200 point And then I'll say it again, maybe 200 by 1230, but anyway Yeah, they say it's a long term correction But when I what does that mean long term correction? What does that mean? Well for a long for a long time they've been expecting this kind of a market correction And you believe that I don't know I don't believe anything that's just what they say They don't have any idea they came on here all these experts this morning between 99 and 30 predicting They was gonna bounce it was gonna go way up and they were bouncing up and down like rubber ball in Or what they were talking about? What are you gonna understand that through they have no idea what they're talking about? It's bouncing but it's bouncing way down Right, I wanted to thank you for the Andre Patelie TV And I really appreciate it that and I had a friend over a female friend and she loved it to it She was hurt, she's present, so I really appreciate it great weekend Okay From you but and also you can talk about your butt anytime Okay My buddy bud, oh bud Oh, so anyway, here's the opportunity on your an education roundtable in the Hurned in Virginia To the American Anywhere We are here with students One of those they think are the best in the world and they have made us very strong Oh, don't say it again President Clinton talking to Ellen Yeah, I see it's terminal. Okay, even they came and they don't want them on here I'm gonna see it and so get it off Two open lines in date 560 560 Pompas, why don't you do something productive? Bubble before you go to Russia tell everybody go out and buy some stock Okay, lotten buy, scream and yell jump up on down on the table Buy or the whole damn world's going into Krabber Come on, Baba do something good Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Are you ready to meet me on the Rick and back across way and jump yet now? Yes Yeah, me too No, I'm not I'm not gonna panic No, that's because you have a lot more money than I do and that's why I'm panicking I guess Oh, my money's tied up just like anybody else is it's all tied up in this crap Yep, well, yeah I've said for years I always thought when I didn't have any money used to make fun of people invested in the stock market I would always tell them it's like going to the racetrack It's just a gamble they'd look at me like oh, what do you know you little piece of crap and Thanks, Ray I think the racetrack's a better, uh, at least you get some entertainment anyway They put on a good show for you Yeah, um, uh, hey, you're gonna be outside Blackbuster midnight tonight waiting for your first copy of Titanic Oh, yeah I'm gonna wait a little bit to leave you to show up and drag I got a question for you Yeah, why all the venom towards Jimmy now where four years ago you're one of the biggest cheerleaders I think because I thought he was gonna do a great job in it But you know something your guy gets only so many chances he keeps to blame everybody else I think it's time now to put up or shut up so far he hasn't done a damn thing All right, that team shouldn't have even made a playoff slice here for work for real bad call on that jet city truck game The team what about had a chance to be a huh? I'm not doubting that you're right. They wouldn't have had a chance to be embarrassed and humiliated for a second We can a row by the patriots and a playoff slice here So I don't see they're put up or shut up now Jimmy Yeah, I mean, I mean, I don't like this thing and he's got he's got such an imperious attitude man That's why he's a hard ass Well, I can't take even this huh? Everybody knows he's a cocky bastard Yeah, he can't take even a little bit of criticism, you know, and he's good though I mean, I mean, I'm gonna let let's see, let's wait and see Exactly, I get in the end of the show before you really criticize him Okay, he would have been a lot of time. Okay, have a great life Ten be for the guy says give my chance to lose like a 9 or 10 games that will say goodbye Open line and forward 5 670 560 Pomp 560 on a mobile one line The Dow is down. It's now he raised the year today games the Dow is like even for the whole year Okay, all those big gigantic games up to 93.00. It's all gone. Bye bye Kiss it by by and if you hop down some of that stuff late like some of us did well Don't hang yourself don't go boy your brains out just because it's only money It's only money It'll make it come back someday Mona Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello Hello, New York. Yes. Are you doing for a time call? Okay. Near I want to ask you about this pod vent trade. What you think and what pod vent trade? Yeah, with Toronto. There isn't any trade. There isn't any trade. They keep writing all these articles You know, see, I know the sounds ridiculous. But when something happens Then they should write about it. But all these people are keeping predicting and they're talking about a beat But when Brian Murray is able to do something which so far he's done nothing When he's able to do something then I'll be glad to hear about it. But so far it's talk. Talk is cheap I don't know if it's better to get pod banners just to get rid of need or Maya with all his concussions and everything Well, so who's going to be the gold tender? Well, we don't have any. I mean, Toronto is stupid enough to take a robby need of my own give away a Felix poppins I hope it's a good golly by the way. A lot better and most people realize if he plays it with any defense in front of him If Toronto is that dull and they probably are and I should know better than anybody Any other grab for it? That or what do it? Would you know how much pod vent makes? About 3 million. Okay, pointy. The big thing is they didn't want to pay these are 4.5 but if I'm going to pay him 3 I mean what's the difference? Well, they offered ricketer 5 million. Yeah. All right. Well, in closing deal. It's out of the foot spacting. Okay. We have an open line in date and one in Broward 567560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. That's right tomorrow September 1 Which means the rookie camp opens the fifth camp full camp opens September 12 and what's sometimes the next Could is I'm supposed to get my last tour my last look to see if the renewal arena before they finally start with the first exhibition this game in there And I understand the arena is just even more sensational when it was before it's magnificent. It's fantastic. How about a team to go in here? Can we get a real team? No, I don't think so. Don't look like it. Now you're asking for a little bit too much and especially with the market crashing the way it is. I mean Wayne, you know all that stock he's got the new worth of craft. You know, expecting to go out there and spend his hard earned money after all these years. He's, you know, of gouging the public. He spent a lot of money on some stupid hockey team. He's got to watch his piece and cues now, baby. And they got that mortgage today, right, sorry. All right. And those both ties, man. Here's a mobile and high-alía. Hello. Yes, sir. I think it's called the stock coin. Okay, coming on a real phone. You're right. The phone did suck. Well, there's a guy at least. There's a guy who at least is honest enough to admit that he's on a crappy phone and isn't trying to, well, you know what I'm saying? We get people on crappy phones today. Think that I should talk them for 20 minutes while nobody can hear him. Nice gone, sir. Congratulations. What open line did they in? One in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We got a Virgin Mary in Seattle, Washington. We got a Virgin Mary on a side of a bank building up in Pensacola. We got a Virgin Mary at Rosa Lopez's house on a 13th every month eating Totina pizza. But what they'll more can you want? We got a bunch of crazy people all over the world with this religious crap. I say now that the world economy isn't so far, not as a hard time. Let's force all the religious institutions to liquidate their holdings. All of this art, all of those big buildings, all these shrines to a greeting stupidity. Just gobble up all those billions of dollars. Sound the problem by the Bible saying, next Monday more. Huh? Come on, let's do it right now. Here's hope, sound, hello. Yes, Neil, God. Yes, I am. Hey, I think you need to weigh that magic wand of yours. Stop this six stock flush. Yeah, can't do it. The end and eyes deck have erased all their year-to-day gains. They just put the flash on their NCNBC. Did thou end the next deck? Our back to where we started back on December 31 last year. That's right. And I just think it was ironic right next to Clinton's head. There was given a big speech about the folks during rush as economy Our stock's been dropping nearly 200 points a minute. Yeah, I think it's a Republican conspiracy. I think, Nick Newton's got something to do with it. Just on the existing election, they're going to come out with that Ken's Star Report and the market's going to go into turmoil. And the economy, which is the one thing that Democrats had grown from, the economy is in a crapper. I think it's the fixes in. And tomorrow we both... I suppose, right, wingers are selling like Graham, but who cares about that? That's a little league stuff. Did I detect a little purple issue around his eye there, uh, make up? He's also got that oozing stool. Roy! Hey, I tell you, this business news here. The only one there plays a disclaimer about on the screen, telling you the warning that this program may be hazardous here. It's all good, but I haven't got any in the mark. I'm happy about that. Congratulations, sir. You're going to sleep a lot better tonight. And I haven't seen Titanic, and I'm not getting a video. Alright. Thank you. Okay, there's a guy that's a happy camper and for a lot of good reasons why. We have two open lines in Broward, one in date, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, five, six on the mobile one line. On a day that will live in infamy. Make no mistake about that. That will really live in infamy this day for me. Market is down to Dow 156, and as deck is down, seventy six, which is the equivalent of seventy six. That's the equivalent of a 380 points just for those who keep track. Not a pretty picture boys and girls. You know, there's nothing that's important. You're below Neil Rogers Show. Now, one five, six, the WQAF Miami Fort Latterdale. Oh, God, Neil. Just right back, little smoke gun. Don't take a big ball hit or two. There's a C1's on Dobe. Somehow you always knew that he was a great big smoking man. His hits were strong and true. Without a lot of gunshot, he would know what to do. He would know what to do. The times they started getting rough. This tiny buzz was tossed. If not for the courage of the old male man, his back hits would be lost. His back hits would be lost. And then the police came knocking just this Gilligan began to smile. And down Gilligan, a bag of weed. All the little cocaine and a pipe. A water bomb. I did not do foot in and out jail. All on Gilligan's path. Prop-no, that's five, sixty, WQAF Fort. Look at this. We got a box of videos here to give away. And I have no idea where they're from. There's no note inside. There's no one. What do you laugh about? There's nothing on here. There's absolutely nothing in this box. But a bunch of adult videos. Huh? This would be a perfect day for it. I wish that we would have had this in 10 o'clock. We might have to go through those first two excruciating hours. But you know something they're gone now. Those two hours are gone. They're behind you. Put it behind you. You know what I mean? I'm not that behind. Put it in the past because it's gone. Those hours, those minutes have ticked away. And now we have an hour and fifty-nine minutes to go with who's counting. Man, too many of those cigars. They're great but too many. Okay, sorry. The Dow is down one thirty-one. The Nasdaq sixty-nine. A little bit of a momentary comeback. Don't get too worked up. It's looking bad. Okay, what do we got? Can we show these on? Why not? Come on. You have to put like little, you have to dark them out. That's what we have to do. We can't get like real living and breathing naked people in here. Oh, that's Peter North. Look at that. Stop or my bomb will shoot. This is what it says. Scored Scored. There you go. Peter North. Stop or my bomb will shoot. That Peter North, baby. Talk about your straight shooter. Here's, oh, this is going to get it. Listen to what I'll upset. But blasted Vimbo's. As in, brecum, bref. What blasted Vimbo? What's wrong? What do you give me? You can't show that. What kind of a pussy channel are we working for anyway, huh? I thought this was supposed to be like cutting edge. The only thing they're cutting is... Crap. That too. Now what's this? Oh, well, can we say the name of this? Huh? Beat your... In my face. Can we say we can't say that in your, huh? Can't say that. Oh, here's a good one. My girl sucks. And look at that bubbles in this one. Oh! Yeah, my girl sucks. Oh, look at all these. She's... what am I doing with this? I'm going to have a guy damn... Oh, god. Okay. What the hell did he come from, by the way? This is amazing. It's like an active god. Isn't it? It's an active god. On a day like this one, we're dying. And we knew we were going to die because this is the day when people are set in the kids back to school. And it's a Monday. And it's like the demarrow coming back from vacation. Uh-huh. God. I'm getting a little choked up. Oh, my god. This must be a doggy one, huh? Very, your bone in my... I can't say that. One more. Can we say that? Okay. Okay. Blast it or say that it's okay. Very, your bone. Well, you know, every dog has his day. Stuff my, uh, gaping. Oh, my god. Oh, this must be... This must be from the door, a child. Stuff my hot gaping holes. You're looking for the glory holes. Oh, those kind of, okay. How to spew? No, wait a minute. Oh, how to spew your glue like a pro. This is like for people that like your... I think I'll be almost... Yeah, factory. How to spew your glue like a pro. What? Oh, it's me. Oh, no. London Bridge just came to compliment the... Now, look at this really going to be forked off. Can I say that? She is pissed. That's disgusting. Drain my hot hose dry from the firefighters of America right into your home. Okay. Slam your wing in my... Oh, this is kind of like that old beach voice song. Remember in my womb? Or is this like an oriental one? Slam your wing. Okay. And then there's uh, last but not least. Oh, here you go. See, each her heart out hard. We got dikes. Even Janet Reno'd be impressed with this piece. Let's be in tongue lashing. That's right. Okay. I went to the Al Gore when Janet finishes about investigation. He's going to get a lesbian tongue lashing. Gueranteed. So I guess we can forget about America's adultery epidemic. That's next in the world weekly news. Forget about that. Now we got some heavy duty crap to give away. That took killing extra in 56 minutes. If I'm in good enough mood to give it away. Or are we going to do with all this stuff? See, this... This is a radio station or what here. No. We're going to have it up room. I couldn't fart. I don't have room to squeeze it in here. It's so goddamn tight in this joint. That's one thing I'll say for Paxney. Maybe you're lying in a phone in a grave robber. But at least the guy built us a beautiful studio. And we had enough room to do something. This, I got stuffed, I either got the phone or I got the copy. Well, you got to have the copy because we got to get the spots on. Right. Beautiful. Okay. We got the phones all lit up. But I can't reach the lines. So I guess I can't give any of these away or take any calls. Because I can't reach the guy damn phone line to put you up. See, this is life in this guy damn radio station. Okay. And then, for three comes down from engineering this morning in Jim Crawford. And he was giving us a song of low about these people here and about, We don't even know what year we're going to get those studios build upstairs. But there. He had a big drill. He had a portable drill in his hand. I think he was on his way to see Greg Reed. He said, I'm going to see if I can drill like maybe one or two more matching ones in his head. And of course, how could you tell? Okay. Let's go to I can't reach it. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Let's go to a key largo. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. There must have been Stan Major. Okay, sir. Listen. I'm glad you were talking about the end of summer and you're right. You only mean one thing. Yeah. He feeds him. Yeah. That's all it's about. I'm trying to tell you about this possible pot band deal. We got a new stadium going on there as well. The air can't have the center to open like February 20th. Yes, again. You're talking to me. Why do you tell me that? Like I don't know. I've seen your Canada Center many times sir. Right out here by the sky dome. Yeah. It's not. Look at the bad. Actually, you got to tell about a couple days ago. But anyway. You got to put on the inside. Yeah. I did. So what they're doing is they're screwing everybody for Steven thick. That's it. When you go down to choose your new piece in the location. They actually take you and show you where you'll be sitting. Now, the big decide to go ahead and charge the the high paid people at the ridiculous feed. We're going to see our charging and not. Yeah. What they've done is they're bringing the blue line. Yeah. The white center. I want they call lounges and what'll happen there is you actually have not a seat. Like 10 seats in a section. And you're having a lounge underneath the seating location where you can go and booze it up. The clean area. Oh, there'll be a lot of that going on this year. Oh, definitely. I mean, those things are running here from 300. 500,000. Or it's the. Give it that's Canadian. So another 50 bucks American you can get one. Exactly. You're right. But what what's with the me and my idea is. For I don't might take them to be. Even though they got a great goal in Joseph pot man is a phenomenal goal. He went made give him a deep end. And we just the Joseph you know is youthless. It's for I know they have to do something. But it's useless. Unlet. They're able to get rid of pot man. And it's something offensive. And right now. You're talking to me. They're Rob need him. He's offensive all right. But out in the sense of they're looking for. He's a pussy. Oh, I see. That's always in your. It does figure rates out there. I mean, pop out. Brey once out of Vancouver. Peter Nedvett is floating around in the middle of somewhere that somebody's going to sign him. There's all these really great offensive players out there. And the best beliefs and can right and can and Mike Smith can come up with is going to be Robby. Need a mile for Christ. Well, Mike. Well, Mike. It's a weasel. Drying just. Yeah. The way the problem is that. Roads. Loading the team. And the dollar. I mean, the cheap faster. Well, they gave the gate Curtis Joseph six million bucks a year. You. You. Yes. Yeah. And they're done. They shot their. They're. They're. They're. They're. So I think unfortunately, I think we're going to have a along. The. I think it would be like last year. It's going to be the least in the. And the. And the. Just side by side for a contest. And again, Chicago. And if we're going to the. But my job should make very. Okay, goal. School for assuming. Robby need to our blood. That's an act of desperation. If they're going to get that. Put a wacker. We have an open line in Broward five six seven. What are you eating in there? Is that pizza or something? What is that? It's from Tony's. It's a whole bunch of stuff. Oh, a whole bunch of stuff like what? Like the. The. The. The. The. The. And something that I would think of you. If you wanted or not, isn't me. Pause and sausage with cheese and sauce. Okay. And listen, I'm Tony a man. It's a rough life the market is. Oh, look at the markets. Make it a little bit of a comeback. Oh, come back. Don't jump yet. Oh, no. He's too late. We had one guy in a guy. Damn bridge over there. Yeah, I was just about to tell him too late. Just hit the guy damn water. When I was sunny from the market. Uh-huh. By the way, have you been by their lately? Oh, my god. Well, I was up by the way. No, no, no, no. No, seriously, I was by the way, the doctor a couple weeks ago. Dr. Mark. Where sonny's market used to be. I mean, Papa John's is still there. But generally speaking, it's all boarded up. And then where that little restaurant used to be. There's somebody new is opening that thing up again. And for the 400 time and where that motel her house used to be. I think that's all boarded up. So that was sunny from the market. Just jump. Sorry, sonny. Do we have sunny in our thing, by the way? There's old tribute to our friend, to our sunny with some Toronto. Come on, where the hell is sunny? Uh, we don't have it there. God, thanks, honey. No, not that sunny, you jack. Oh, yeah, what's sunny? First that jump. Oh, sorry, sonny. What is it? 29. What is that number mean? 9 minutes passed noon at five. And Hollywood's seven old gaming. From Tony. Okay, 1215 at five, 60 WQAM. So I guess we won't have to go into the world weekly news article about America's adultery epidemic. And all the warning signs that your husband is cheating. And warning signs that your wife is cheating. For example, warning sign your husband is cheating. He starts being secretive about clothing. When he comes home, he quickly changes his clothes. He may be doing this to tell tale lipstick stains or perfume odors or other sports court stains. Huh? And as in that blue dress, there you go. We don't have to do that. Although we do have an open line in date. How can we have an open line in date when we got all these great adult videos to give away? That came at that mysterious sandbox with no note in it. 567.0560. 560 on the 18th year wireless line. That goes to show you what desperate straights were in in date County. Doesn't it? Does that show you? Huh? Man, oh man, if there were only just a few people it's booking was your date. Huh? That's the few. I'm gagging on this. I'm gagging on this big sausage. Where we going? To somewhere mobile in Vulcan, I'll let you know. Hello? Yes sir. Are you doing how to comment in a couple of comments? Number one, you're right. The worst team is just gotten terrible. Absolutely awful. You two listen that show. You've been enjoying it and just gotten terrible. Gildy's voice. It's like a derail going right into my temple. Yeah. I don't know what it's going to take for them to finally get the message to this could ought to be out parking cars or something. Unbelievable. The second thing is the stock market. I can't believe that idiot who just called until he had nothing in the market is going to get a lot of good sleep. Not in 20 years when he's broke. And the last thing a shameless shameless or crept. Can I have one of those corners? Yeah. Well, what do you mean? A shameless request. I don't know that that's what everybody wants now. I'm going to tell you one thing. You can't have it until that other line of daylight. I got about a dozen great videos here to give away all of which you have titillating titles if I can say that. And I got an open line of date. Caution aboard. That's not lit up. I know this is an impossible day here. It's no quick in that one about how to shoot your due like a pro. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the you better hang on there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. They're okay. Is there somebody really on there or not, Georgia? I'm here to this caller. I know you're there just realized. Is there somebody on there? Is it a real caller? Because if it's not a real caller, I don't want to start playing bushblog. It's somebody that wants something. Okay. You know what you want? I'll take a... You'll take any one. You'll take any one I give you, won't you? Yeah. But Peter North. He took a quick and a finger there. Stop on my bomb will show. That's an aim of the movie, sir. The mom? I mean, anybody on the bomb will shoot you. I don't go for it. You're back. No, you're getting picky or what? No, I'm just saying it. I don't like this guy. Okay. Well, you still get about it. I'll definitely take a nail. Didn't mean to come to our job. Thank you very much. Say thank you Uncle Neal. Thanks Uncle Neal. Okay. Hold on. He didn't say it too willingly. I should have really put... And now I got mugged on my shirt thanks to you, which is going to show up on the TV show. I'm going to say, oh my god, what a slob. What a fat slob. And I'm going to say, yeah. Like I don't know that. Then they'll be showing fat joys. What are you eating? And there's eaten something that's not at kids' bottle. You can parm. Yeah. Is that connected to chicken? Is right next door to chicken parm. I think that's what that is. For this sausage sliced like we all have thin. Mmm. Thanks Tony. Put the hell as Tony's by the way. Ah. Put right on the street. Do we know them? Do they love us? Yeah, Brad at Tony's. Hey, thanks Brad. Your stuff is great. In fact, the Jeff Cohen. You're really going to put him to the test. I'll tell you that. Great stuff. Did we pay for it? George? Did we have to pay for this? Oh, like I said, we didn't pay for it. God, we loved Tony's man. You guys are the best. Forget about that, Jeff Cohen, until he comes next time. So free. Okay, where are we going? Let's go to Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. Exactly. Good point, though. We don't want to get Elizabeth upset. Correct, com. Okay, especially my mom in the middle of my lunch. See, why did you rob opportunity pal? Oh, he's probably got everyone in silver bin May. Let's go to a Jupiter, hello. Neil, how are you today? I was just sitting there watching the sports channel. Yeah. And they showed him a choir. What was he doing? No, no. For September and October of last year, he hit 15 homers. So he did that. He's got 55. Seven. Wow. Unbelievable. He showed so he hit nine. So both of them would crack. I'm almost, I'm almost, I'm getting injured. I guarantee you they're both going to break it. I mean, I'm not even close. Without a doubt. I think, let's, I left one. I'm getting hurt. Right. There is. Did you? And too bad, Griffey got colder for, you know, for any of you who was all in on fire again. He's got 48, but it'll never make it now. Yeah, he went flat. Come on. How many of those Griffey candy bars? Well, they played with 2,500 teams. I just follow him at all. No, he was just a choke. I think is the one you're looking for. Just had this flambour. Well, I'm sitting here watching his market just killing me man. 122. 122. 124. 30. Yeah. You're ahead of me. That's right. Just look down for one second and drop another 2 points. I just, I don't, what? Yeah. You know, you know, you know, the worst part of the whole thing is that they keep lying to a stove. And that, who's this broadness woman that they have on air who's supposed to be with Goldman Sachs and what he's with Friday. She comes on air again at seven o'clock on CBC Friday. Do you have one with all of her name is? And she keeps all the fundamentals of the US market are too strong and working as making it. Well, it's not just Russia. It's Japan. It's all Asia. It's Latin America. The currency and Canada is crumbled all the markets in the world are going to hell on a hand basket and they keep trying to blue sky to people and the consumer confidence in the investor confidence. Now is history. It's gone. Well, you said they're in a panic. I don't know why you wait a panic. But they're going to God damn panic. You said it either Friday or the day before that about how we're such followers. Yeah. You know, I mean, if by the way, GE is 83 and three quarters, I got out of my 90 on a Friday. I'm going Neil. You did good. That's right. And I pointed it 70. So I'm, I'm doing okay with that. Thank God. But every time. You're going to be a little bit more careful. Okay. It's like when the Japanese are the Russians or the Germans who make, when their market is bad, we just follow in suit instead of just sitting tight and letting not worry about their problems. Yeah. I think I think it's the fault of these people on CNBC. I'm going to blame them. They have a lot to do with it. And some of their get well down 73. It's 88 and 78. It's a well. Somebody yesterday was trying to give me a son of an answer by a well at 90. It's 88 and 78. It's dropping like a big juggettic bomb. It's even Peter North never dropped a bomb like that. And unfortunately there's about 10 pepper products never dropped a big bomb like that. Unfortunately I have a well. And I almost got out this morning at 10 o'clock and I should have, but don't do it, I'm just saying. Don't do it. I'm just saying. Hey, is there any way to steal one of those? Sure. Very, you're boating my butt. It's a doggy one. Oh, I like that. Okay. Hang on. What did he mean? Right, go by that. Okay. There you go. I'm following these now because I'm sure not. I'm just worried about all this munger got a minus yellow shirt. Today's the yellow shirt by the way. It'll be a couple of days on TV if the show is still on. Yeah, I think one of these days instead of telling us what they're going to do. No, have all the cool come over here and take the shows. And then they'll just go back and they'll guess what we're not putting it on tonight. Instead of like because they don't have the guts to tell us, I mean, the Bobby Bowden show. Love it a clock last night on whammy. The goddamn Bobby Bowden show that knows picking red neck Yahoo. Oh my god. I'm embarrassed. It's why if it would be. If we were preempted for like a show like the end of the world or the virgin Mary just came on ice gates something important. But the goddamn Bobby Bowden show for Christ's sake. Man. Talk about an eagle button. Better slow down here. Okay. Wanna know if he's wrong. Yeah. Sure. Which I know. My name is. Hello. Any idea I do. Okay, sir. Oh, yeah. I'll just show that week of I think the 40s thing here is said was about the mayor that you said I get the Aussie if you tied up to your dog. That's right. And back guess what? I did tie the. I didn't tie the mail in my dog's ass and I got more than over the weekend. Factory and he's mail. And it continues trickling. Oh, there's still mail from like the 7th to 8th and 9th of August which is almost a month now. And I still don't have it. It's a movie room. They come one day for a club. They come to think for a club. Right. They don't do like a. It's a special like a company. Put together. It's a clock. I'll tell you I didn't go with today. Because I live work and I thought yellow school boys like would have stopped. That little stop sign. They're putting the street at it. It like a black like 50 cars to get through. And oh my god. I just came back home. I couldn't say. I don't blame him. Nice going. Oh my god. And he's I did hockey. I mean when they're like man. They think they're going to get pop. Give me a break. Don't even pot fan. We got to set the knees. I've been and we're trying like crazy to go. Oh my god. No, I know chance. We're desperate to get rid of that. And he's my fan. And what thing you're said of that TV. There'll be always full of information. I feel real. I mean. Yeah. I mean to. Hey. I'm a TV being always with information. Oh my god. Maybe someone's on the assist. And they're going the morning off. We get it. And not the fair. The. But I got to confess. I do. I enjoy my friend Ron. I'm for peel. Because he's like a snake roll. I can't turn those damn things on. Because it's a bunch of crap. Like a pasta maker, which he said he. He said he had George and me each one for free. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was well worth the price. It twice the price. I can see you man. I'm just timid. Let me get some little video. You want some of those videos? No. One. Let's be in tongue lashing. You got a straight one. Yeah. I thought you straight got. How about butt-blasted binbos? Oh, that's me. That sounds like you. Okay. He's the receiver. Okay. He's the receiver. Okay. He's the wide receiver. Oh man. You know how the whole timber of the show just changed now? It's almost enough to make you want to patch our men and our fences with whoever sent these videos. I said almost enough. What do you give me a look like that? Just paddock. I have no idea where these came from. Of course I have my fingers and my legs and my eyes crossed. I'm not going to tell them where these came from. No. Yeah. I've got news for it. Listen, if this would have happened like two months ago in the middle of the dog days of the summer, at that point my approach would have been a lot different. I just said, oh yeah, here's a bunch of great videos from and then I would have said it. But now I'm going to say, here's a great bunch of videos from. We don't know where. Well, listen, I'm going to run out of steam here in about a half hour final. Calm down. The market's down 148. The Nasdaq is down 70. Three. Who, baby? Despite the overwhelming problems rushes, they pretty resilient economy. Even though all those damn hot shots. Still all the money? And all those slenders running around over there. With a handful of rubles that are worth anything. Isn't that worth a price of marbles? When you're looking to make your next elected winner. It's a national compassion when they treated all of them like that before they got their job individually with a parigaugh and a lot of money coming out of this. But it's tough to not annoying them. Can't stop Mark. A.L. It's your most disgusting program. What was I? I urge everyone to complain to this station. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car, with two canoseft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm, now review and old Jewish guy named Isaac. You can get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. Remember when we used to boost the back of Carilarm in charge of the bill, we ought to get a bundle of mediation, maybe. The white ones are coolers. Get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. I can't wait to die. I expect seriously. You can't wait to die. You like that. I take somebody's car. Get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. Get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. I never saw a fast try to steal my car. I steal safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm now and receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my portable bill. You make it and laugh. You wish guy named Isaac Carilarm now available. It all is there, it's to our. Okay, 1230 to 560WQM. Here's a guy that facts this from Fort Myers. Just wants his okay pal. We don't have to send 200 faxes at the same thing. Still coming across. It's more the same crap, the same page. From SNF Golf Management in Fort Myers, who claims to love the show, it's set to be a police stop. We're okay jack ball. By the way, he says they took handc off there from Fort a six over there in Fort Myers. I'm at the. Beesley station. That measly beesley station. Maybe I have like paid religion 24 hours a day. Maybe they can just give date David Kate and the whole guy name radio station. Okay. Fun just finalist. Pussy's over there in Fort Myers. Look at that. We have an open line in Dave County. I'm telling you this. Dave thing boy, it's going to come back to hottest. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, next Monday when you do the show would be well advised to like repeat all the lines in S. Bunnull first in English and in Spanish. See. Okay. Here's Del Rey Beach. He'll go. Yeah. Secret email. That's coming. Yes. Yeah. All the perverts calling. Hey, what do you think about giving all perverts? What does that mean? Well, because they want to see some adult entertainment. Is that make them a pervert? No, no. You must be related to Elizabeth and Pembert Pines. No. I live on. There you go. I bet he's right down the street. Oh, it. You ever visit a candy shop? Okay. Thank you. Good call. Okay. We have an open line in Browd. This guy would absolutely nothing to say. All the perverts are calling in now. Perverts. Because they want to see some adult entertainment with those wrong with that. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. In fact, Elizabeth's got that candy effect. We don't run in Pembert Pines right by your house. He's probably packing a foot right now. Here's Pem Springs, North. Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. Hey, first time calling. Twenty nine year old. Second time is cool. All right. I just started listening to your show about a month ago. You're the best. Yes, I am. I've never listened to any of my life in a whole long life. No, who did I learn? I don't want to wish any bad, but I hope you stay on the air for a long time. Yeah. Um, you're actually in an high-alien. You're been a high-alien, sure you have. I used to live in Highland. You're living high-alien. How come all of a sudden you just moved from Palm Springs to Highland? I'm at work. Oh, okay. You're seen all in Cuban standing out and putting a sedato store, smoking there's the guard. Yeah. You know what I think they should do? I think they should build a place. Somewhere out in the boonies, like, you know, like cemetery village. Take them all out there and put them out there and live out there. Oh, they have a little bit of a... That's coming in December, yeah. You said you have a little bit of a business. A little shuttle, but they pick them up their home and take them to the sedato. Uh-huh. I have a big golden glowing... Oh, the sedato. Oh, okay. They can also do their thoughts politics. Yeah. Now we know what happens. Okay, well, listen, I have to came your lead us. Okay, we have an open line in date. Five-to-five, six-to-five, sixty-five, sixty-five, sixty-on-the-18-T-Warless line. Here's a mobile-in-plantation, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. I'll tell you what, you know, this Elizabeth lady forget about it. I work in an office with nine women and myself. Yeah. It's happening, guys. New what's their wives and girls can talk about during the course of the day. The ones you leave, expect to talk about some of the things they do, which is blow these guys out of the water. That's the American fucking wing. Okay, it's a top-341. We have an open line in the Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, they must be one of his board friends. Okay, thinking he can sneak the name of that joint on the ear, which we're not going to put on the ear. Who? Exactly. We must head back to the neck, guys. Say something. I hear what he said. Okay, where we going? I said, I mean, talk about desperate. Okay, talk about really desperate and slimy suit. You just screwed yourself. I hope that what's the name, whoever you just said, puts out for tonight. Here's Miami, hello. You know, yes, sir. Hey there. I'm calling for Miami. I was just calling to let you know about a great website. Yeah. www.satedubloc.com. Yeah. We have a website that's website. No, not even. It's a comedy magazine. And they have this thing as a celebrity's un-censored. Yeah. And they have that tape of, uh, you play a comedy disorder, cussing. Mm-hmm. And they have a theme, Martin and Jerry Lousy. Wait, what's the thing? A bunch of really, it's a really funny site. I'd be sure you give a little bit of the website. A little bit. I don't know what was written. You don't want to know what was written. I don't want to know. Who did you picture? I don't want to know. So, I think some of this disgusting old man. And Neil, can I suck up for a video? Well, it's pretty weak material, though. You've got slam your wing and mind my womb. I can, uh, it works for me. Okay, hold on. Ha ha ha ha. Okay, there you go. There's slamming it. You know what I think? Yeah, let's just hold these up in front of this, uh, the whole day. Okay. Yeah. Well, right here, like this. That's what we'll do. Yo, so, so you can't do that. We won't have any video. I just played the goddamn audio. You put these. I'll write it. Oh, okay. Now, let's get it over. If your video is arriving, uh, some of Tattered Conditions, uh, blame somebody else. Hey, listen, we're doing the best we can. Okay, we don't have room. We don't have room to fart. No, no, okay. I never realized, until today, I never realized it was goddamn Barzini, all along. This studio is so goddamn small. If you're going to have a little bit of a lunch, which I told George, no lunch, God damn it. No food. I told him I begged him. And what does he do? He goes in orders me, sausage and meatballs with cheese, with onions, delicious from Tony's, which is great. And I'm eating it. Should I have been eating it? No. Am I going to wind up croaking from this? Uh-huh. There you go. Thanks, George. I'll see George knows the next Monday. He's going to be doing his whole thing on here. So if there's a Monday, goes well, how come why not Tuesday and Wednesday, etc. And I hope they pay when I was timely, in fact, as you get in that bonus, too, by the way. Here's a mobile and poor lot of deal. Hello. You will God. Yes, sir. Well, I don't know if Elizabeth will approve of this, but you can't make a touch and things like that. There's something else that might help. It's a toilet paper. It's actually a lot of built-in to it. It's a lit up. Once you've read it one at a time. But it takes care of the irritation. And George is the take-per-one. Thanks, Rowan. There's no Eisen's at the pet point. Okay. Pretty weak. We have an open line in Broward. 560, 05. Is the tape rolling, George? 560, 0560. And 556, the only 18. Everybody must have taken dumb pills over the weekend. Oh, right. Nice gone, guys. They must have taken stupor. They're in a stupor right now and why not? Because they probably all got investments. And they're seeing that the Dow's down 160 to 3 points. They're standard and poor underline the poor part. They're down 29. Big ones. And the Nasdaq is down almost 81 points, which is like 400. In other words, things are getting reath. Well, it's a little correction. Yeah. I got your correction right over here. Okay. Deep inside my rectum. Back my bruise to start acting up. And there's some watching these numbers. One thing that the bruise rectum. It's not a thing that has a bruise ego. But it's a much worse thing. They have a goddamn bruise account. Oh, look at that. It's dropping and dropping and dropping. And I want you to get really nervous out there unless you feel like it. Let me tell you right now. Right where you got it. Sports radio 560 QAL. Throwing that gun about bank County. Or I'm sorry. For all of you who loved our pop-up wipes for babies, here's a new pop-up wipe just for adults. Hey, yes, white. You're talking a million. I'm talking to you. What do you want? And that's white. You got one? Sure. Here you go. Hey, thanks. When you're on the go, you don't always have time to wipe thoroughly with toilet paper. If at all. That's when you use new ass wipes. The moist style light in the conveying pop-up con sayner. Honey, you're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly, did you? Well, I was so darn busy today. I just didn't have the time. You need an ass wipe. Whoever asks wipes, especially formulated to handle even the most stubborn fecal fiascos. And they're sent it to give you that fresh, just wiped feeling. Say, Belle, that ass wipe you let me today was a real lifesaver. I don't want to thank you. I understood it. Good. Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop thinking and scratching. But that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle. And at Minty Fresh feeling gave me the confidence I needed to land the account. Ass wipes available in your grocery's things to wipe your butt with sex. Thank you. Elizabeth, have a fecal. Yes, go. It's 140, 12. Or I wish 1243 at 560 WQM. Hanklebe here from a Shulestake 2 at 2. We got Donny B. Talking Baseball from 6 to 630 because you work cheap. Then we got the Voster 637 to 7 to pre-game show. And then it's Mark McGuire and Cardinals in a Marlin's 7. He might hit one. He might hit two. And hope something happens. We have an open line in day. This day county thing. Have all of an Anna people gone back yet. Oh, that's what it is. Okay, let's move back in the day county and take it back over again. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They just came out with a staggering announcement here on CNBC. All these, you know, the online about believe in your own bullcraft. That's the problem with these people on there. They believe they're all bullcraft. They can all these guys in suits, these experts from pain, weather and Sherison and Merrill Lynch and it come on here and fuffuffuffuffuff. And they believe it. They believe that these guys are really prognosticators and what they're going to have a thing on their ass from your elbow. And if they did, they wouldn't have time to be sitting there giving you a big song in a dance. They be in there like making millions every day. Which maybe they are. Maybe that's why they're giving us the bovys information. Who the hell knows? But they just came out with an announcement saying if you made money, any money in the market this year, you've just lost it. Wouldn't that an ice announcement make? And I'm sure it. So load up the gun. It's been nice knowing him. We're overpopulated anyway. So let's cut the crap. That was down 166. That's down about 80. Here's for waterdale. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Yes. Good afternoon. Good morning. Sorry. I met a tell with a market, but I'm glad I don't know what lives with that. See there's always a silver cloud in the middle of even the dark, whatever it is, lining. Really? I enjoy your TV show. Yeah. Long time list or everything. Just go ahead and just go on and piece of law. I like to thank you for turning me on to all the different restaurants, like going way back, like the melting pot. That's long time ago. I was going up there and closing up here. One morning list during Fort Lauderdale. We like to have a straight video in the Brown rapper, please. Okay. I can do it. Drane and my drain my hot hose drive. And that firefighter video. Hang on. Okay. It's a 1245. But what do you think these came from anyway? Do we have any idea where these are? No. That's very nice. Well, thank you very much to whoever said these to us. But we can't thank you because we don't know who you are. No. Open mind and date County again. 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Thanks for most Miami. This is gotta be questioned. Yeah. Um, uh, actually requested first. But I just didn't want to play enough for your bits on your shows. That's good. I don't know. I have no idea. I will do. They've been on the Tony's Avenue in back then. Yeah. Right. Then they will play it. Yeah. But anyway. Why do they do any of those things that they do? Why do they keep the show last night at 11 o'clock and they don't tell anybody about it? Why did they take the 930 show off? I'm Friday and not by the telling us about it. They just do whatever it is. They want and they figure everybody's going to find out by osmosis. It's the most unprofessional vulture horsecraft I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. You got to come up with a legal alien. Not too bad to go over there. We're pretending to run a television station. Yeah. But he but passion's going to run them right off the guy. They're here with that. All that syndicated crap that he's got. It's a bunch of belong to me. I mean, no he doesn't have our loud, but he might actually make some money with that garbage. True. Anyway. You want to go to the hotel? No. Okay. We have an open line today. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Not for material that week, Phil. Here's sunrise. Come on. I'll go to the office. Yes sir. Way on Thursday. We're back too. Listen. I'd like that last guy. I think he's going to suck up a pretty video out of me for a month. I'm going to go to the office. I'm going to call him with that material when that buddy boy. Listen. I'm a senator. Okay. And if I put on WM. Do it to the you. And Bobby Bowen came on. I would start rooting for the gators. Yeah. I mean, one of these TV and radio programs, people are going to get it right. Free game shows. The interview shows. They're boring. They're ponderous. Okay. Now they make him money off. I mean, like last week. I only have to listen to him. I want to have a tune in at 1225. And I get to hear you for five minutes. And then I'm subject to Marlin's pre-game for half hour. Oh yeah. No. There's anything on. You don't understand. It's called. We don't care if anybody is listening or watching enough. We just got a jam in there. And especially here with the Marlin's. They got to squeeze every dime. They're doing dollar a dollar a dollar on the Marlin games now. People, but I don't know. You can't give this spot to away. What I don't understand is that I can guarantee you. If there's anything getting lower ratings on 2 AM than the Marlin's. It's the Marlin pre-game. I mean who the hell is this thing to stack? I mean, I. I'll tell you what's even worse than that is talking baseball. Before the Marlin's pre-game. Would that be in all the other ten year old kids that we put on here in this station? Yeah. Because we don't want to pay a real broadcast to the committee and do it. Thank god I leave my office at 530 every day. So I get to listen to the last half hour tank. And I ask to use a force my house is to caught when you got the supposed to sleep coming on. I'm out of there. Good. No more, no more. Anyway, can I shut off the windows of the videos? Oh, OK. What do we got here, what do I'm popped up next? How do I spew your goose like a a pro? I'm from the present clinic. There you go. It's a president's. I'm hanging on. Very intellectual. There's Monica right over there. Look out. We have two open lines in date county. We're given away great adult entertainment here. We're doing everything in our power to try to make it through the worst day of the August 31st, 1990. The markets in the craft for the kids have gone back to school. It's a worse than usual Monday as we knew. And we still can't get for lover money in date county. 560 and 560 on each. These things should be light enough like fire rhythms on here, okay? If we had anybody listening to this program, I'm convinced not that all these ratings are fixed. I don't believe there's anybody in date county listening to this guy damn radio station. I don't believe it for a minute. In my lifetime, I've never seen, I mean, you know, times we have crap to give away. I understand that. Nobody wants it. I mean, most people out there got enough of their own crap. They don't want somebody else crap. Yeah, right. But this is just astonishing. It's a fly opening experience for me. Here's West Palm Beach, huh? Hey, what's up, man? This is Foxy. She was on call a long time. Listen up. Yeah. I had a question about baseball wires. Like, wave of wires. I was wondering. If you think of somebody else's waves. Okay. We have two open lives in date county. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Orlando. Hello. What the hell up back here? Are you a parent, people? Yeah. I'm a living parent. Yeah. I'm a living parent. That's right. We all are. Listen to your point about great programming. I watched the Panthers leaply yesterday. Talk about a show. You remember? Looks good, man. And put more. Let's go ahead. Let's go. Let's go. Kirk Mueller's there. No, yes. Anyway. What do you think about that two foot out through now for the net? Okay. We have an open line in date one in Grower. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. I'm going to tell you when you know it's the worst day. And I predicted this. I totally have just like I predicted market last Thursday. I told you this was going to be a day to wind all days on this radio show. Today I was absolutely correct sir. I'm so really correct. Thank you. But they came. They're so bad today that that can't even do the up material to get a guy damn video. That's how bad they are today. They can't even phony up. They have absolutely no material. Not bad material. No material. And you know who we can blame for it? Elizabeth and Pepper Pines. She was the guy damn cigarette award pile today. Right out of the box when I read that guy damn letter from her. That turned everybody's sour. In fact, the market started up at that point. The market's now down 164 points. Thank you, Elizabeth. Thank you. Elizabeth for turning the whole damn country into a sour mood. I can't stand that for that. And I say amen to that. How do you like that, man? I'm full, sir. Because she's got no sense of humor like most of the women in this town. Don't want to hear about my bruise or anything else. And how I'm a dirty old man with a potty mouth and Jesus Jesus this and who the f-lo. You know, she puts the effort in letter, but I'm the one with a potty mouth. I'm going to tell you something. I would wish horrible yeast infection on you, but I guarantee that the yeast being a living organism wouldn't go anywhere near your disgusting, grow test body. How do you like that, Elizabeth? That's right. Ever see a living organism? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing okay. In spite of all of this, how do I? I'm not talking around for anything. What are you talking about? Can't have a talk to you here today. Let's talk to her. You need the name of the best photo video you've ever seen. Like I know the names of them? How do you know what the names are? Well, I don't know. If you've seen the first 50,000 who they'll know. But I mean something that really got applauded on the photo. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Sir, some right here. I'm applauded. I do. Well, good. Go watch your, we'll watch those father-delling mysteries on the Pac-Nep. Here's a guy that wants to see a movie with a pot. I don't want to see any movie that even attempts to plot. Get the clothes off, get in here and do some stuff. I must get ready to rock and roll. He wants to see a movie with a pot. Oh my god. How about Debbie does dear Ville Beach? I don't even remember that. That was great. Oh, there's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. First time calling all time. This is how you? Okay. Listen, I've never seen a funnel cave before. And I'm really saying to say it. But could you send me one? No. Okay. We have an open line in date. 5 6 7 5 6. You want to play this bitch? She doesn't mean pretentious. She wants to talk to me. She's never seen a portal video before. The word is absolutely positively. No, no, no. No chance. You got something for free there. I don't even really know what it is. In fact, I have few showed it to me. I really wouldn't know what all those parts are. But could you send me one anyway? Because it's free. What I said, the women 90% of the women in this town, they should put me put out a goddamn ship and send me ported somewhere. We have, I mean, how many reasonable women with a sense of humor, but some knowledge of wife, do we have in this goddamn town? Like maybe eight or nine? That's about it. And don't tell me that Monique bitch, over there in the way we don't start giving me her is a good example. I think she's the epitome of what's wrong with this goddamn town. They get her off the ear yet. She's still on there on those damn mall spots. Oh, God. Is she hysterical or what? No. She are real comic. No. Is she nauseating? Man, get her off the ear now. It's like with guilty. Does it take a genius to listen to that voice and figure out who's a kid that doesn't belong on here? Does it take a rocket time to figure that out? No. See how God is punishing me. I'm gagging on it. See that? God is punishing me right now for telling the truth because God likes lies. He likes a lot of lies. Like I said, y'all these the best. See? Like that. Open up wide and throw two. 255. I'm telling you right now, like I said, these people are radio people like my little dog is going to be performing open heart surgery. Mount Sinai at P30 this afternoon. That's what kind of broadcasters they are here at the WQAM. Put a little squeaky annoying punks asking the squeak on the ear there. Oh, he's very knowledgeable. Yeah. I wonder what the real story is there. You know what I'm talking about? I love, I don't, I mean, I come to work here. I don't care what anybody else is doing. I might my own business. But that's the one story I'd like to get to the bottom of is why is he really on the ear here? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I'd like to see just exactly what the real story is. The story behind the story how they keep that squeaky voice. Little irritating suckle on the ear. Here on 5, 16, WQAM. That's what I would like to know. And I'm not bluffing. 5 minutes still wanted for QAM. The Neil Roger show. Now, on 5, 60 WQAM, Miami Port Latterdale. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. It's what every little girl will be asking for. The Nanny Doll. Shake the Nanny Dollies. Pet Pop Pop. Daddy, my Nanny Dollies. Pet Pop Pop Doll. It's okay, honey. Just snap it down. Well, you'll be my lawyer and play that. You're sweety. And if you're extra nice, you'll get offered good behavior. The Nanny Doll. On sale. No. On sale. Propened to the 8 at 5, 60 WQAM. Hank from our show was steak two with two. We got the ball games tonight. What's nobody cares about the game? We just want to see Big Mac smack it. Wack it. Hit it. Build it. 500 feet. 565 feet. 600 feet. We have it open line in Broward. 560, 560, 560, 560 in a mobile one line. There's a lady in Port Latterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, man. Hi, this is a bar. Hi, my boyfriend is a big fan of yours. I mean, he comes home from work every day. And that's all he talks about while we're having dinner. You get this disease for Christmas. Well, my God for him. Thank God for people with a sense of humor. Good guys like him. That's the answer. If you could be in relatives, he would pick you. He got the ticket to elders. Anyway, I always want to give it to me up the butt. And I haven't given up yet. I haven't given it up yet. But this week and I thought for sure that it was going to happen. Run away for the weekend. First night we were there in the hotel though. We went from midnight swim and the pool was closed. They had the yellow tape up around the pool. They were going to put around at the pool. And the pool and the hot tub were closed. That can night we were there. We thought we'd order the Pamela Lee and Tommy between the season video. Well, guess what? When we tried to hook it up to every step that we felt. That's how we were. I'm sorry. We're out of cable. I think we're like pretty deserving of the hottest, corned video that you have. Just for his sake. What do you think? You can talk to her. Okay, we have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1. What? Do you think I was even paying any attention about? That was pathetic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 60 on the mobile one line. But that was beyond pathetic. Wasn't it? Winchwood Creek? Wasn't that the... Huh? Or bumping beyond a call? Huh? Or in this? Rotest. I want some people who I have something. Something, anything. I'm going to start with you. You know, the year when the two of us are going to start winning, we ی people who are us. Always and we like. For example... Everyone is subscribe to myinkration on Instagram. Do you think it's a recipe? I go like.. I've never blocked that question. There were bad egg to go to the big boat. This part looks what number we've started around. We've started retrid, this world newsier again. going husband is a born again sinner. Oh! How unusual that is, huh? Skydiver splattered like a bug on jumbo jet windshield. Oh! Hillary Clinton to run for president in 2000. Oh! Turn your trash into cash. Oh! Space alien baby. Oh, look at that. Isn't that beautiful? I look like KJ's baby. Look at that. Yeah, look just like K. Huh? Put some glasses on her, just like didn't KJ's baby have glasses on? And a awful big hair. I mean, giant anticaid, little teeny bunny. Wimps who can't handle private Ryan will be make me sick. Oh! Workers being hypnotized by their computer say expert. Oh! Tonyo biting. Oh! Who's dressed really to have it a foot-stows of Americans? Look at that. She double-joyed it. She's biting it. Oh! That is Tonyo's too. Let's get the good stuff here, man. The six secrets are successful. That thicker Robert H. Schurler, faint TV of evangelists. Oh! Tell you how to rip off the unsuspecting public without them even ever discovering it. And then we keep coming back to America's adultery epidemic. How to tell if your mate is cheating. Those disgusting stains, those nauseating stains and lipstick, etc. and so on. Warning signs your wife is cheating. She leaves children who babysitter more often than she used to. A woman who almost always took her child with her wherever she went. My sonly star-lating her baby would sitters. Perhaps because she's planning to meet her lover somewhere somehow. There's a big meat coming. Or she stops cooking dinner. She suddenly starts serving fast food, cold salads, or TV dinners for supper. She could be spending time with her lover instead of in the kitchen. Get an unexpected promotion of race. If she suddenly gets a promotion of race and might be a reward from a boss that she's having a, uh, there you go. Here's a promotion for you sweetheart. Bring any bells around here. Bring any bells around any station that I've ever worked at. Uh-huh. Here's a candle, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm on top. All right. I have a story that's probably going to turn off anyone in all strikes. All right, and I, my girlfriend, I ordered Chinese food. Okay, that'll do it. Okay, we have an open line and day one and brother. That MSG medical killer record here every time. Oh, geez. That's the, uh, that you talk about being a burnout. The Dow is down 129 points and ASDAC down 76, not a certainly eye. As they like to say, off they're a loads of the day. I love what they say that, you know. All the Dow is down a thousand points, but off the lows for the day. Oh, thank God, you're supposed to be, you know, jump up and down and clap your hands together when you hear that. Off the lows for the day. I got your lower right over here, Mr. We have an open line at Broward 567, 560, 550, 560 on the mobile one line. This is the day like I said, the end of the summer, not officially on the calendar, but as far as work is concerned here and man, what I leave here at 2 o'clock, which is only 54 minutes away with loose counting, I am going to kiss the ground. I'm going to get down like those damn mazblums do. The mazblums are not that, who does that? They get down to kiss it. No, maybe a Clinton thought that told Joe was a mazblum, like Paula Abdul, huh? Hey, Paula, get in. He wasn't talking about that. Only one. Here's Holly. What, hello? Hollywood. Hey, how are you, Joe? OK, sir. I don't get a chance to call you very often. Last week, we were talking about jury duty. Has people different ways of trying to get out of it. Mike Fudge is that when you receive notice of jury duty, you don't have to certify the mail or register mail. So the question is in. He never got it. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, no. Don't I can be able to write my neighborhood? They believe you in two seconds. Just tell me you changed your aggression. In fact, the best thing is going to be your box. And tell me, you had put a forwarding thing. You never got it. And there's no chance. Also, what I was thinking, you never ceased to amaze me. You mentioned bedloat, Tyler. Yeah. I don't think there's two people in a thousand that would know what, what, or where, bedloat, Tyler. Well, that's because there are a bunch of, well, what person happens. What do they know? Also, can I suck around for a tape? Oh, my God. Stuffed by hot-gaping holes. Whatever you said. OK, hold on. He wants the stuff. OK, we have an open line in no way, Tom. God, this is, this has been a day man. I knew it. It's bad. It's like going to the dentist. Do you know what's not going to be a five-experience? And you're sitting there in midstream. You already got all an overkin in there. But you're still young. He wants? He hung up. Wait a minute, he hung off. I put him on a hole. I said, hello, name it address. I'll see if that's him there now. OK, Mr. Hot-Shot. See if he called right back. Is that him? OK, well, I apologize, sir. But I guess, sir, we'll have to close up those gaeting holes for the moment. Sorry about that. Close him up. Thank you. Because put him on a hole, and something we got disconnected or whatever it'll happen there. I don't know. He'll get by. He's probably got a big collection. Here's Miami Beach, hello. I'm good to hear you. For fact, in the... Yes, sir. What's going on? I'm going to be up for you. What's up? I'm good to hear. You say I'll go near one more time. Oh, I'll be near the call. As far as I can gather, right? I'm a broadcast student. You're a broadcast student, fan-moofel. I know. I'm pretty too excited to back it. You're making like six figures, six times over. Yeah. Supposedly. What's happening? But you can't watch your party mouth, can you? Pell. God was on there for less than three seconds, and he still let out a good one, huh? See, I think your broadcast they just came to a screeching hall, fell. You can press buttons, but you can't watch your party mouth. And Elizabeth and Pembroke Pym is grossed off by what you said, even though she didn't hear you saying. She knows what word it was. It was... Yeah. That's what it was. He's blurted it right on. In fact, that's about the third... we've had today right on here. Market is making a little bit of a comeback. No, it's not. It's down one 18, then as the... The nasi, I call you people with your text sucks. I'm going to sit again. Somebody guessed that it was hype at me. Oh, A, oh, wow. You got to A, well, it's down to 96 by you. I wouldn't even want to see what it is now. I bet you said about 80 bucks a year. See, what we're going to do, those of us who got like 10 bucks, you just sit and wait for all this to be over to about two years. Remember Charlton, has been the Omega man? Yeah, arm yourself first, get a lot of canned goods. You sit around, you wait for it to like bottom out, and then everything when they're practically given us the way. Oh, look at this, I got 50,000 over here. All right, now you're a millionaire. That's the way to do it. Cash, good, hard green. Not Canadian cash. Oh, and finally, what was the article? That's what I forgot about. Here's the good news. This will make you feel better. Here you go, Halleluja. Hallelujah. Leave it to me. Leave it to. I thought you. Good. Wow, who cares? Leave it to me. They're coming up with a good stuff on a day like this. Sunday business section, Sun Sentinel, yesterday, right next to the picture of Buddy Bud Pass, which I make you nauseous. But you want to feel a lot better, real fast. Move your eyes to the left on that page, under tourism, and it says, we'll still visit, but not spend Canadian say. And my question is, so what's new? We'll still visit, but we'll not spend Canadian say, like that's a new deal. Don't be stressed, either. Yeah. D'Hours, plunge, curbing, many luxuries. With the Canadian dollar hitting record lows, Gabriel, and Francois, Taylor, on our planning how to stretch their crippled currency in South Florida this winter. The retired couple from Quebec will be browsing, not buying eight when they take the bus to flea markets. And instead of finding, they foresee skillet dinners in their kitchen. You know what they say about those French Canadians, let him eat. But give up their annual 10-week board of vacation just because the dollar's worth only $64 today. No, no, cried Gabriel on the phone from Canada. I hate to win her. The money isn't very good at this time, but our help is better than money. It says, they offer the best scenario that South Florida can hope for this winter. A continuing flow of Canadians who opt only to cut back on spending or shorten their stays because of their weak and currency. But more likely, the Trich County region will see a drop in arrivals from Canada, the largest single source of international visitors, already the number of Canadian tourists has dropped 9% in the first half of this year to Miami-Dade, the area is top destination. And just wait till the season comes and drops another 25-30% oh, oh, we may all be broke, but we'll be having such a guy damn good time. It'll be in my higher without the frogs. So let them eat up there and quavek. Let them succeed. In fact, most people in the rest of Canada are pregnant they succeed. It's $509 and $560 is like me, okay? You gotta be a maniac. You wanna go and have a good time if you're gonna punch your brains out. That's right, at least get something your money's worth. So head to hell.