Well, Levant is being able to keep the ball away from him very consistently tonight. He has made some real good pitchers. And all of a sudden, he's the center. And I'm what he's fading, looking up, and crushing his move over. You have been tied. Let the player with no 506 on and he has tied it. The Hesianweight record. And now going the shift in full-player stadium. Look at this crowd over the right. So here's Hesian, online side by side. The time for the record in the national win, whole-mungent and single-season. His next record break-up. And always hit the deep center. He did it. He did it. He did it. Number 57. How unbelievable. Oh, my, I'm sorry. Crazy and soft-lord-er. Very white-spat with his new R&B chartbuster. Love, what he did. You're not a villain with no reason. If you're the middle, ask me if you were their model. So master of sensuality, it turns to the sea, but with more love than any one person can handle muddollin. I have to repeat. Can you get a note? Please believe those silver-legs. It's love, but also the treat is due. Number 1 now. The apology of our star-pong, and all of this, you follow the nice, creepy, and how will you, you, is there to keep somebody getting the O4. It's very white-smug-pretty. Available now in the frozen food section of your local grocer. They're thinking about putting me back on in Fort Myers. Let's hear about that, Greg. Oh, Greg, we're going to Greg brought down Georgia's abomas check today. Not? They had a good spring, ready for a picnic. They had a good spring, rating book over there. And I think it's because of me, they're about to tell David Cate and the AFA to stick it with a mundo on shine. And put it back on her, maybe you'll have a report, Marce. So there's really good news and even better news is in spite of Sam the scam, we got our aromas, who's already thanks to our friend, the trackmaster for the best of cities this year. Boy, that was the fast look at that. Georgia's got a Martinist push right now. That's the fastest section. We just did that like a few days ago. We put that all together. And like almost overnight. Thank you, Sam. We couldn't end it without you, sweetheart. Thanks, Greg, for the good news. See nothing but good news today. A market's up a few points. Up 300 points yesterday. Everybody's in a good mood today. Mark McGuire hits two big ones last night. Those two little kids didn't want to hold bunch of money. What those wrong would life? Here's Permanent Pines with 10 questions, Marcello. Back five, thought to me, and this. Yeah, huh? Uh huh. All gone by popper to make it. Didn't have a chance to say it. Nice going, George. That was Andy, but he never had a chance to say it. Back by popper to demand. George said it's like some drug and do stassel on there. And I said, you know what? He's an asshole. And I was right. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 5, 60 and a mobile one line. Thank you, buddy. Here's, uh, Weston, hello. No. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? I'm doing okay, pali. Hey, I'll tell you what. What does anybody use says pali? Hey, pali. I know you don't like that. Okay, what? I think that. That was. It had chills running down my spine. Okay. What? The crowd was going absolutely bizarre. I mean, it was like last year when they were beating San Francisco. Yeah. It lands up and has that up a feeling to it. Yeah, 37,000 tickets, a sold for less than. I'm not sure they all showed up, but nevertheless, you know, imagine how many people would have been there in the last two nights without Mark McGlaren? Exactly. And tonight, they, that place ought to be jammed to the rafters because who knows what he's going to tonight. And we're not going to be able to see it. By the way, they are showing great metrics against Randy Johnson, Houston. I think. Yeah. I think that's the match of my group. I don't know. But who cares about that? I agree with you. Oh, what? 1000%. Much rather history. I mean, hey, look, the brave Houston games got no significance. I mean, Houston's got the division wrapped up. Yeah. The grass got there as long since wrapped up. Yeah. I mean, you know, two two brave pictures there. But what's the comparison between that and the guy who's broken an National League record, who any day now is approaching 60 and 61 and 62 and 65. I think he's going to be 65. Absolutely correct. Right. Right. Just to let you know, I just saw the back door boys on a really good day. Why not? I missed that. Ron was told me that it was on a forgotten one. I gave something. They're ugly. No, well, yeah. Besides, I'm not by them being ugly. No, they're good guys. They are talented. They're great. They are. I mean, these guys can say they walk up to the microphone. Yeah. No music. Right. No instruments. I mean, nothing. Well, even those people who rip them other than George admit to take and sing that they're great singers. So what can I tell you? I tell you what. I was a rainbow. There they are. There it's a very talented guy. See, he's in there. Make, he'll have a sequel time Monday. Have a great day, Phil. I love you. Well, yeah, Monday you can rip the back street boys for four hours. Okay. Higher-feet. Young girl. How has yours? Everyone has yours. So that's why that album's been on her for longer than any other album than the top 15. Any other one in the world? Oh, it's teeny puppy. Yeah, almost teeny puppy little girls. You know something you only wish you knew those teeny puppy little girls. Okay. You better start liking her. I know. Yeah, I know. Well, you know, I'm just a little bit scared. Why do you wife's out of town? Here is Miami. Hello. Miami? Well, yeah, sir. Well, are you doing? Well, I'm kind of a whole, what kind of a phone is that, sir? I know, I'm not a phone. I like to tell you, not all I know. You know. I'm a Solomon head of better phone than that. All the way, what? I didn't do that. Okay, because this guy, he's, he's, he's gone all along. He's got an argile sock over it. And what over the phone, too? Anybody ever put an argile sock over it? Huh? We have an open line of day news. That means he said, okay, there you go. We've got a guy that's got a bunch of y'all. Because, you know, I was thinking I was watching the shows, which were great on Wami last night, by the way, if I say so myself, man, was I busy with that TV. I was clicking at the Yankeleton Twisting it and the remote, too. I'm watching the best of a shwami along there on Wami. I'm watching Mark McGuire. I'm watching David Wells, the big fat, the David Wells. I'm watching Sammy Sosa, who kept striking out and smiling about it. He's doing a bestie can, okay? He's a Dominican Republic guy, or what is he, what do you want? And those shows were pretty damn good last night. Too bad we can't find an audience. But talking about good news, we finally got the magic bullet baby, the magic, the hold on Wami. And that is that as soon as the public out there, discovers that matches on 200 times tonight, it might just draw some of people to that station now. See, during those cartoons, like on a weekend, they've already got the kids. The kids are like way ahead of the adults. The kids are locked in on Wami. They're like waming it all day long. With those cartoons, a little three-stuages crap, and the monsters. But in prime time at night, we can't find an audience with a goddamn surge party, no matter what we put on there. But now that we got mash on, 6.30, 7.30, 11 o'clock, 11.30, you don't mean magic is gone, do you? He's long, but you mean our loud is gone? Oh no. So we got four, if you can, I mean, hate mash. But it's a great show they tell me. It was on for 11 years, which means there's lots and lots and lots of episodes for you, okay? 6.30, 7.30, 11.11, 11.30, 4.5 hours of mash, every night I'm waming. Oh, God. It's overwhelming. So maybe just by accident, it's like a magnet. Okay, since we can't wait for the heat season to start, because the heat season may never start. They may not be no NBA this year. Oh, what are we going to do about that? What are those degenerate gambers going to do with our behavioral bed on backspot games, huh? So that's the really good news. We're just surrounded by good news. All of the market was up to a really nice start this morning. I have a feeling I just saw it out of the corner of my moment ago. It's a kind of like dissipating raffa. It's up to 15 points. It was up 82, but you know something as long as that little arrow is long as it's popping up. That's over Kerabot and the arrow too. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was calling because I'd leave it with yesterday that day before. I'm not exactly sure. Some gentlemen called him. He was saying how he was a woman called on his show. He was saying he was like broadcasting major and you know right off the bat. You were telling him don't do it. I was doing it. And you know I first saw it kind of talk down on that profession. But I wanted to know what's the group. I mean, all of a sudden. Well, what's the school with life? Well, I mean, why do you come down about barraja? What is the class of crappy business? What? And like the aesthetic of the people in general. Because it's run by people who have no idea what it's all about. Because it's a grand analogy. And now it's even worse than ever with a handful of companies that bought up all the station. And they don't give a crap. And they never used to care about people too much of a now. They care less about people. And people get troupled on and stepped on and they just keep changing formats and blow And everybody out the jury for five minutes. If this were a business run by people who were real broadcasters, then it could be a lot of fun. And it would be a great business. He encouraged people to get into it. But I can't do that in with a clear conscience. Well, the ones that they like people that are kind of starting to edge the way in that path. I'd say edge my way out of the off that path. I'd say edge my way to anything else. Okay. Well, I'm just telling him. I'm not joking about that. People think that I'm kidding about that. They think I make all this stuff up about the bad management and people that don't know their ass and their elbow and lie to you and all this other griff. That's business. God, what else can somebody with the gifts of God who believe in you know that doesn't want to get into some. I mean, I know radio can be a pretty settled head of jobs. Yeah. You got to be a, you know, talking to you. You've got to do what you've got to do. Well, you're on the put up with a lot of crap. You know, you know, I think you're taking a lot of crap and be my guest. Yeah, I know like you're so for like a signal. You know, you've got to be in the air about 25 years before you start getting somebody where, you know, what you got to do. You know, you want to do your own thing. I mean, some people out there with. They have no other skills, but they get just part of a good game. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I don't know. Well, they ought to become a lawyer. Yeah, here's that. All right, Neil. Okay. Good luck, your pal. I think I couldn't talk about it. That's the way it sounded to me. Okay. We're off to a tremendous start this morning. There for about 20 minutes. Now we got one call on the board. I thought we were really going to make a big comeback today. I just had that you four are feeling for about 15, 20 minutes. And then I thought to myself, you know what, you're in Miami. You better get over this. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We have two open lines in Broward all of day. This should not have been on it. But that's okay. I just have it from that initial response. In this town excited about Mark McWyer. No. About that stuff. Oh, I'm listening to last few minutes. To the worst thing this morning, I did hear a little reference to that. But mostly they're talking about God in FSU and the Gators and more goddamn football. More college football. What do you people going to grow up already, huh? What have they done to grow up already? Like I've told you for 20 years, college football is supposed to be, of course, we know it's a big business on college or sports. It's supposed to be for kids who either go to that college or the alumni who are on the board and has you in a bedbuck and are very deeply that you go's. And there for after trying to pump them up there, we go hey, my team, those ones who cares. The Gators, the Knowles of this, that that's the Huracoons. Oh, by the way, they had their Huracoon quarterback. What's his name, Jeff? I don't know what it is. They hit him on last night on sports chalk sports lines, sports chain on Noemi. He's a 50 year freshman. 50 year friend. I mean, 50 year or not. So that would be really 50 year senior. Do they have any 50 or seniors like a majoring in mathematics? No. They have any 50 or seniors majoring in physics? No. No. Majoring in biology in social sciences? No. In anything? No. 50 or senior? Well, he was registered. Well, what does that mean? So he tells me registered right away. I start saying, aha, come on, he's the communist. That's what I say when I hear about a registered. They're not too big on that little event. I'll tell you that. Oh, you're very, baby. Common East, duh. I mean, he, ya know. Ugly kid, but a print me, you know, maybe he's good, maybe he's not. I don't know. I don't care. Like I've said before, this is the solution of the problem. Let's stop pretending. Let's have like every university, every school, every college. They can have like a separate division for jobs. Pay them. Take it, send me professional lead. Whatever they want to call it. And stop pretending that has anything to do with education. Wouldn't that be a hell of a lot better? No, no. There you go. We have no problem with that. Is the entertainment for everybody? Everybody's, you know, working to get to the pros, making millions and millions and millions for being illiterate? Donnie B. by the way, said he was just testing Cliff Lloyd and Cliff failed the test yesterday. He said, Cliff, how about that condom? You are more constant. He, I had no idea what he was talking about. He was just testing him. The safety of these jobs are as smart as Donnie B. thought they were and he found out he was right. 1026 at five, imminent. Any second now, it's coming. It's coming. Uh-huh. Have we heard that? Scourge. What? It didn't come. Now Henry said that he was chosen. Wayne is back and off on his demands with sports channel though about 27 years. Now it's only 10 years. And any moment now, you know, we can only pray them. And you're here program. I don't want to bother you too much. I choose what I need from you if you will. I need the name that I'd post as far as you were talking about last week. Oh, it's good stuff. Yeah. I went to public at Parkland and I talked to the managers. They don't know anything about the possibility. Sure, I do. I think they got it at publics. It's called Monus spaghetti sauce and it's Patrick Timponi. It's Timponi's Monus spaghetti sauce. They got it to my publics because I bought another jar there. Yeah. Well, so good. It was actually showed out my money and bought a jar, which it must be pretty good if I bought it. Yeah, I know. That's why I wanted it. Monus, it's spaghetti sauce. Okay. That big chunks of garlic and basil and basil, rat-borne and good stuff in here, man. You'll be in heaven. Yeah. Well, they didn't know about the spaghetti sauce, but they sure know about Neil Rodney. Yeah. Well, Tom, they better get it in or else. You're right, buddy. Okay, pal. Thanks for lots. Yeah. There you go. We'll put these bastards on a map and rightfully so that's great stuff. Did you partake? No, no, yeah. Well, buddy, waiting for me Neil, we had it on the pizza that Jeff brought in. No, but I'm talking about the jar that you took home. No, Tom. I don't know what I'm waiting for. Why? Yeah, get away that way. You're crystal. Get that pasta sauce out there, sweetheart. Man is that good stuff. We have two open lines and day one and brown. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And I'm all the one. Is anybody in this town like worked up and fired up about Mark McWyer? No. I mean, if he had 10 of them runs last night, I mean, I hate to say it, but these people just don't care. Do they? No. It was just a spectacular thing. And not just a couple more on runs, but dead center field. They're all over there in Luffy, you'll up there in the Luffy, although with Billy the Marlin, they're all waiting to do it with their gloves and their right out there. They're $8 million to buy it. And he pulls them all across the Zamala. Dead center field both times. And those kids are diving and falling and killing each other on their tarp to get the baseball. And these people still are, nothing to say. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's up with that? I was watching the 30 show yesterday. Yeah. And they show this thing fat dog cocked here. Yeah, I'm so tired of seeing. Nobody wants to see cocked on our TV show, okay? Especially that him. Yeah. He must weigh 600 pounds, you know what? He's there, no, because Neil's gonna have another heart attack. I was born, wherever. Yeah. He's talking about me and food, right? This guy, they keep shooting man, the pitch dark, because he doesn't want to public this way, the black shirt and the black shirt. The black shirt, the match to the background. So it kind of like fades into the black, so you can't see who weighs a 2000 pounds. Yeah, I can see the speed. X10. I got the diagram right here, which has got very impossible to read numbers on a flyaway. You've got to have eyes like a, well, let's see, 116 is on the other side, I believe. I can't read these damn things, and I got great eyes, but I can't, they've got it. Yeah, 116 is set up on the other side, directly across. I'll wait to you. Okay. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you there. Yeah, I'm gonna get a perfect, I'm gonna sit in my seats today. How do you like that? I'm gonna put my fat ass in my seat today. Right there in section 101. I'm excited about it. I've been up in the pissed off, and I've worked up because hockey seems coming, and I don't care, you know, I realize it's a lot easier to pander because there are billions more, I don't care about ratings with the sports. I don't pick and choose what I like, depend on how many other people like it. That would be like saying, I should have been watching sign-filled because everybody else liked it. I hated sign-filled. Just seeing him nauseates me. So I don't give a crap if it was the top rated show, or if I went to show it off to the people who were like swimming and jumping off to all buildings, I don't care. And I used to be a big football fan, but quite frankly, it's become boring, it's become boring. It's all hell. The number of really exciting good games that you see in the course of a season is so few that it's a snozer now. It's snoze time. So I'll stick with my hockey and these experts can come out all the TV ratings are terrible and it's like, I don't care, that's my thing, that's my bag. We have an open line in day one in Broward, 5'6'7' and usually the people are saying that by the way, are people who are not nothing about the game? Here's a candle, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Let me ask you these metaphors. Is that a direct mile lead team for the Panthers? Yes. And what's going to happen in the one that was in Carolina? Well, the metaphors is like the bottom wrong. Oh, so you guys go through out four of the steps to get there? Right. I'm very coming here. Oh, yeah. Sounds good to me. How can we work trying to get him? He can hook back up with McLean because he wants nine or ten million dollars a year. That's the problem. That's why he ain't down here because he wants out of their badly out of Vancouver. You didn't see anybody talking here seriously about getting Pavel Brick or Peter Nedved who's still floating around out there. There's all kinds of great players out there who will like itch into a go somewhere. I would love them to come here. And these guys here, you're just giving us a lot of double talk is what we get. I'm out of material. You're locked to our spell. Okay, date count is open again. See, I mentioned hockey, date count is bad as it is ordinarily. That's something that they really don't understand. They don't get it. They're more into like domino games and cock fights. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one. You got to learn new things. You got to expand your horizons. Okay. You put perocule, narrow, focused people in date count. You got to like move out. I'm worried enough for it in a new and different things. I mean, anal sex. We heard all about that. Okay. You educated us. That's fine. But now you've got to move on to things that are a little bit more whatever. I was going to say stimulating, but that might not be the right choice of words. Here's a mobile in Margade. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. You know, I was talking to some people yesterday about this. I heard something about Ted Turner stuck his own football. That's right. That's right. Just what we need is another guy damn football. That's going to run so we can now football all year long for these football addicts. But it has like how's that going to go? I mean, is that on in the work? Sure. Do you remember the World League of football? Yeah. Yeah. So they're going to what they're going to do? They're going to do all the NFL players. The only times in history that the old W.H.L. the World Hockey League, which was eventually a win-fust and some of it was absorbed by the National Hockey League, some of the franchises. And the old American football league, which then became the American football conference when he merged with the NFL, that's the best that they can hope for. I mean, how much money is there out there to subsidize this craft? Oh, how much talent is there out there to build a whole bunch more teams when you've already got a bunch of horrendous teams? I hear people talking about the Eagles and the Bears and all these other teams are the Rams that are just going to be horrendous nauseating teams this year. How are you going to build new teams? Well, where's the talent going to come from? But I think that the world is so boring and that the people will just go to it because sports. I don't agree. I don't think so. I think you're wrong. Okay, I got another thing. Because I mean, unless it's real low priced, unless you're practically given a ticket to weigh and who the hell is going to play with? I'm not a pro. Look how they're priced in the price of me out. I can't afford it. Right. I'm not a poor guy, but I can't afford to take my family. And who the hell can? Who can? Who can? Okay, another thing. I'm watching your show on TV. I really love it, by the way. What do you deal with the Yamaka? It's a message your protest. To try to show the little kids out there how stupid they look when they're parents forcing to walk around with a beany under it. I'm watching it with my buddies and we're like, what the hell is it deal with the Yamaka? But another thing, I think this is a mark-mak wire thing is conspiracy to the stands out. Because I know this vaporous state baseball during the White Fox scandal, but I think this is just a scandal and I think it's a... Do you think maybe maybe the short of a ball on a string? I'm not on a string, but I think this is... I really, I will be the conspiracy theory. Maybe they haven't had one ball hidden inside the inside of those baseballs. That's what we had. Look how long he's been around and he hasn't, you know, come this close yet. Oh, m'gwaring him. He had 58 last year. I know, I know. He's in over 53 years in a row, which nobody has ever done. Have a great day, pal. Never came close before, 58 sounds pretty close to 60 and 61 to me. Doesn't it? Sounds pretty close. But this guy, we'll put Donnie B on the case. Okay, he'll go out there and... I'll probably catch one of those balls in a condom and we'll check it out. We'll open it. We'll slice it open right here on the ear and the ball, too. 10. 57. We got Mark McWyer 56 and 57. The all-time nationally record, breaking a record that stood by Hack Wilson of the Cubs. 68 years. Does anybody here care? No. Jesus, man, I thought it was pretty damn compelling myself. For me to put that stuff on tape last night and bring that in here. We're not talking hockey highlights. Or talking baseball highlights. Say what? Levin is being able to keep the ball away. Okay, good. Did I say three minutes before, Levin? The five 60 QM. They don't care. I want to tell you something. You want to make a lot of money, anybody out there? If you can figure out besides free stuff and green cards and early bird dinners, what it is that the people of South Florida really get motivated by. If you can be the one person that figured that you'll be a billionaire by the end of the day. When you're looking to make your next electronics or appliance purchase, be sure and do yourself a big favor. Forget the computer nerds. The worst. Beware. Here's a mobile and poor lottery, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Regarding your hockey tickets. Yeah. We've got the final invoice yet. No. Because I paid mine about three weeks ago. Did they give money? They'd take down the postman or up there to somewhere. They would do like three weeks ago. They're supposed to be kind of the ticket that I think this week. No. You need to check with somebody on that. I'll go again. I must be my mail again. How do you know that? Payed it about three weeks ago. The first payment was due. I guess then, June and I'm the final one three weeks ago. Well, when I go over there today, I better check that out and say, I think my sex weight anybody else because I'm a deadbie. Good luck. OK, thanks. How do you like that? That's a possibility. Now, he could have been making that up at his side of the race in Turanana, to me. I don't got no invoice in fact. I got to check back from them, which I don't want to go into that. Was that supposed to be a secret? Yeah. But no, it was just a parking thing. It was a very small check. I had nothing to do with the thousands of dollars for those two seats right at center the right, which I'm more than glad to write the check for, which I will certainly get reimbursed by these people right away. No. Well, I mean, someday. But there you go. See, there you go with the mail again. There is the deal. I mean, there are things that come in a mail that are like, early important. I mean, do I care about my electric bill? No. I don't want to go. But go talk to you, tickets. There you go. I don't know what the story is with those. I don't want to want to want to be a losing nose because I don't have an invoice for him. I'll find out from the rim man today. There is the guy who knows it. If I'm a little bit short, I'm sure he'll take care of the, uh, take care of it. Here's Miami with 10 questions, Mark. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. Neil. Well, how about two that black hockey player Peter Warrell? No. Who is proud of being a great player? Really? Yeah. I've sponsored you. And the payment. Huh? Go ahead. And I heard like he was going to be like a Tupos star. But I've heard, uh, you know, crap about him. Yeah. And heard about that? From Boston, you? Right. I don't know. I know Amis Carter from Michigan State. Right. For the Bruins Ed, and then I was a cap. That's what you're talking about. No, but how to have a big guy. Uh, his father was the coach of the Patriots, or defense. Yeah. And I heard like, you were the great player. And but that was seen on me. You know? You're not talking about Greer that plays Redmond tonight. Maybe he's a big, right? You know? Big guy? I don't beat to hell out of me. Maybe somebody will know. I have no idea. We're talking college hockey now. No clue. We have an open line. And, uh, plus we got no sharps. He's near already. Okay. We don't want any more black players in the NHL. I don't want to sound racist. But they got football. They got baseball. They got all the other sports wrapped up. They got all the track and field events locked up. Let's have a sport for mostly white people. Okay. A lot of few sharps is near. They can play like famous Amis and a couple of these other guys. And that's it. Please let us have something to cling to. Just thinking, oh, they're going to take away watermelon. Oh, they already did. Oh, speaking of watermelon. I know something. I want to talk about that in line today. About fat people like the face. We were at Emerald Coast on Sunday. I don't hear mention I was at Faskin Robbins last night. There was. This is the greatest story in the history of the human race. For Faskin Robbins last night and they have, and you know, I mean, I love my Ben and Jerry's, but once in a while, varieties this spice alive. They have like low fat and no sugar ice cream like your mocha swirl, which are sensational by the way, I love them. There was a woman in there who must weigh 4,500. He's got a lot of exaggerating. She took up. It's a little shop there, University and so on. She must have taken up half the store. And as we're getting our stuff, you couldn't help it over here. She was asking one of the girls behind the counter. So look on the chart. There was a chart on the wall that chose you. Which flavors have how much sugar and how much, you know? She wanted to see how much sugar was in the flavor that she was. The 20, the 20 scoop she was getting. I mean, well, I'm the one to talk, but I'm not, I'm not in her league. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm fat. I'm overweight, okay. But I got this woman like the next mouth pull of four, she took, could be the last, to could put her over the edge. She's bigger than me and fat you'll put together. And she was in there discussing like, I mean, you talk about playing mind games with yourself. I'll, I'll have six waffles, 14 flat jacks toward his abacus and give me a small diet drink. It's a 10, 10, 2, 8, yes. You're right. Hi. Hi. Okay. Welcome back. This is Wattley, here for a year in the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problems. Let's go to the phones. Hi, Kathy. I have a question about my heart. Your husband is a peat of shit. That cheating bastard. Okay. Next call. Hi, Kathy. Hi. Yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby is a peat of shit. My child. Woo, woo, my child. The large peat of shit. Okay. One more phone call every before we hit a break here. Hello. This is Kathy Lee. Hi, yeah. Kathy. I'm calling about that earlier call. When you call, that guy's mail me out of ease. Tyler, are you married? Well, yes. I am. You're a peat of shit. Hey, things are sh**. You're cheating bastard. Okay. Now, you take a break for our sponsors and narrow up things. I'm sh**. Why won't this machine start? It's a peat of shit. No, don't. Oh, no. It just knocked us off the air. What? Okay, so I'm 15 at 5.60WQ. And by the way, David was just telling me that Don Cox really was about 650. They had to get a meat scale. They had to drop him from a hook onto a meat scale to see just how much he's tilting the scales he's taking. That's why he doesn't come around here that fast. We have an open line in the day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We have any confirmation on the thing about the panther tickets. Because I think that guy was trying to get me to panic. The panther tickets wouldn't be coming out in just a couple of days. The season doesn't start to lay out. Total, whatever. The first exhibitionist game at home doesn't start to the September the not that far off. September the fall off 27. So they wouldn't be sending those tickets out yet. It's always like a couple of days ahead of time. Should I be panicking about this? So when am I getting back to fat people after the phase? No, I'm on a low speed. Well, yes, I'm fat. But during the course of my life, I have never been a big buffet. We just have a great place in Detroit called Skipor's Table out in Lafonia. When he used to go to the track, all men was at a great place. I need outstanding. But that's like 100 years ago. But I'm just not a winner of a fake kind of guy. Till I found the ML coach, which happened to be sensational spectaculers. So we go in there for dinner on Sunday. And I'm going to tell you, I said, I'm in there with two of my friends. I said, we are even with me in the group. We are the skiniest table in the entire place. Now, the ML coach is so good. Believe me, I hope that people are skinny go in there because you can afford to eat a lot of food. You don't have to worry about killing yourself. But any book that you go to, you will see people, you know what I'm talking about? Have you ever been there one of these joints? Who are enormous and all around? I'm looking up to get caught all of them. I feel like skinny, many. I have never seen so many gigantic enormous puppets in my life. These are people who are like algal steam level. That's how fat they were. Everywhere, in fact, the waiters are like snoring in the background. You hear them, they're snickering a little bit. Is that the word I'm looking for snickering? That these enormous blobs of humanity that are modeling around. And I guess they figure, I just want to enjoy it. The food is good. Any meal could be the last one, but it's well-global to big small on your post before they open up that piano case. I mean, I'm not talking about isolated one or two. I'm talking about dozens because they're always mobbed in that joint. They're a whole lot of people in there. And I'd say like maybe 50, 60% or more, maybe 70% of the people in the days of a faith place is enormous. Giant genics. Like this 800 pond woman that was in basketball, and it was a common slice like acquiring about how much sugar there was in her 15 scoops of ice cream. And how much sugar there was in the 20 pounds of whipped topping that they put on top, and the cherries and the nuts. Here's, in fact, I went in there. There was this young guy in behind the counter. I said, hold a nuts. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. And he did. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. I didn't hear you say North Miami Beach. Well, I'm a little slow. Excuse me, sir. I'm a Guarard. Watch in that last night. Yeah. And I just got there the replays. And it's, excuse me, it's a jectar, you're right. Of all coming off the bat. Yeah. I'm looking at that and I'm thinking, well, it might get there. It might get to the wall. And they sure the outfield shot. And it's gone. It's, it's a pop-up. Oh, yeah. Like I have two seconds. I mean, there's not even any excitement to be honest with you because from a minute, they show him a swing and a bat to the time and hits on that tarp and setter feel. It's like I feel like a rocket shot. Like Saudi launched it. Yeah. It's a baseball very much, but this, of course, is magnificent. You know what? I'm watching the sky, fat, feeding the strength I'm sitting there with my jaw hanging down. You know? It's amazing. And I got a couple of things. I want to talk to you. Go ahead, I'm listening. What a... What a... I like the way you said that. In other words, if you haven't boarded yet... Go ahead. You know, I don't know what's going on. Everything is relative. I mean, compared to many of these people, you're right. I got about a five on a scale or two hundred. You're okay. Okay, what doesn't matter? You're letting me talk, so here I go. Go ahead. What happened to X's and O's on Sports Show? What happened to the talking to the game? You know? You turn into a sports show. Anywhere you listen. And it's, oh, this guy is good. This guy is not good. And it's salary. And this. Yeah. What about the linebacker? What's the linebacker? What about the point? Yeah. It's ridiculous. You know, that is, they're talking about the points spread. You know, on the... You're talking gambling talk. We ought to have a separate show for a couple hours of you to have been Samus for months. Just call a gambling talk. Get all the degenerate gamblers on here. And then have like real sports shows where people talk real sports. You only problem is it is now where you find people talk real sports. Because most of them don't know what they're talking about. Have a great day pal. Okay. Let's see. So anyway, speaking of that, speaking of assholes on the internet and God are their millions and millions, there's no shortage of assholes on the internet all over the world. Studies says, internet addicts often show other disorders. Disorders. Oh my God. Yeah. What a shock to us. You know, I will never ever, I said this many weeks ago and I have not even been inspired or thought, never look at that chatroom again on a website. It's a shame too, because Julio Benito did a tremendous job put together on NeilGod.com website. It's great. But when you go on a chat and I was expecting, I don't know, because I've always said that every chatroom I've ever looked at has been just a bunch of babbling idiots and ours is certainly no exception. Of course, it's no longer ours anyways. They had him cursed their chatroom. So why the hell should we look at it and I don't? But this is pretty damn interesting. It says people who seem addicted to the internet often show a bumper crop of psychiatric disorders like manic depression and treating those other conditions might help them rain in their urge to be online. On average, internet addicts in the study report on average. Reporting having five psychiatric disorders at some point in their lives, a finding that just blew me away since a chitris Nathan Shapiro of the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine. It's unclear whether the internet problem should be considered this order itself or just a symptom of something else or whether certain disorders promote excessive online use. He scheduled to present the study Monday, meaning yesterday or two days ago at the annual meeting of the APA in Toronto. Oh, this is like a couple of weeks ago. How do you like that? Oh, by the way, speaking in Toronto, Eric Canada's on strike when I'm struck in midnight last night the pilot said, do we want more money? And they said, sorry. Can't do it, Mr. Sorry. And so those of you Canadians who are looking forward to going home anytime in the near future. Sorry. You're going to have to find some alternative method like a dog slatter something like that because Eric Canada is on, oh, right. Sorry, Hilling won't be seen you soon. We have two open lines in date, five six seven, five, fifty, pound five, sixty out of eighteen, two wireless lines. Computer nerds, baby. Like I told you, there's a lot of interesting stuff on the internet. It's a lot of fun. If there's certain things you're looking for, you want to look up old newspaper articles, you want to read the history, you want to get the, there's just tons of good stuff on it. But there's also millions and millions and millions of misfits and sickos and wackos, and there's a live proof right there. And average of five other psychiatric disorders in their lifetime. What a shot. Wonder how the guy with the eyes is doing. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Oh, you're killing me. Neil, I was on over 30 minutes. 255, not 30. And there's a whole bunch of people on the mobile. And I guess that doesn't help. I'm not on your dime. I know. It is. It is. Well, you'll go over it. Markets up 33 points. You'll make it back in a half an hour. There you go. Neil, a baseball, like you say, pounders. I hate it. You can say me to get to the stadium. I'm sorry. That's not the exact way. He has made a big green. He has done a lot of things. Yeah. But the most important thing is definitely interesting. And I'm following that. One of the things he said last night after he was being interviewed, he goes, what about this study they're saying? If you were, kind of, to where your hit 65, if you were, lose stock, you'll hit 61. And all these procrastinations and forecasting and stuff. And he says something that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. He said, all the way to Man's. There's what's going to happen. Man upstairs. Yeah. He got up and he had it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. He got it. Come on, Sammy. Let's go, Sammy. No. It's a, I wanted to say, what the whole part of the world. I didn't, you think I'm out. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Did Counties open again. We're having trouble keeping up with you. Come on. We're going to see what you can see. It's five six seven. Oh, five sixy. Five, sixy. Five, sixy. On the 18th, you were the fun. I never got that impression from a bar and never heard any of God bull crap from him. He never impressed me as one of those goody two-chees, Jocquits. They're in hell of a lot of them. All we started about the good man upstairs. I couldn't do without him. But I beat him all that crap. And guys after they do something on the field or on the ice or whatever. So he's looking up into sky like a, oh, well, I already had a thank you so much. My God had a big bet on me today. God for that. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How do you think? Okay. I do okay. Well, I don't understand about like those Jocquits like that. What about the other guy? He doesn't try to do his probably praying the same thing. Well, he don't have to write phone number. Don't you understand he's not on the right deadline. Unbelievable. How about that? The whole thing is so idiotic. That if the war of God that he's, but all the stuff that's going on in the world, I just want you people out there with an IQ larger than your pony. I want you to stop and think with all the crap that's going on in the world. If there is such a thing as a God which is ridiculous on the face of it. But if there were, then he's got time to worry about athletes and ball games. I mean, give me a freaking break. Yeah, plus it. It's still going to be like saying that if God picked a radio station, it was new. He must do all sports radio. There you go. He should be pretty upset if the old family was bald. Exactly. God's a frowns on that. Hey, what's his, I don't know. Especially that pig skin. He's Robbie's little headache or what's the deal with this? He's having his head examined and the elites are having their head examined because people want it in the what they're even thinking about. Well, I got to tell you something. I got to use for a Montreal van crew and whoever else is interested in them. They must be making pretty weak offers of their thinking about trading pot fans for need of my rent to warm. They must be out of their mind. Maybe their stock is dropping like the market. The market's not dropping. The market's stuff 30, not too good, but it's up 30. Oh, as you go, Joe, I think the price of the secret is 90, 300,000. I know that. I know that. I know this thing, but you know. You're telling me, like, I don't know that. Like, I don't know how much money I've lost on paper in the last 67 weeks. How much? 20. You don't even want to know. I'll also recall. Let's have a contest. You lost over 12. 12 grand? 12 grand? 12 grand? I got news for. If I don't even have an app party in the other room, I'd be dancing in the other room. If I only lost 12 grand, I paid for it last year. Everything's gross. If I'm just a slut. Well, I'm not a slut. If I worked for 100 years to accumulate a few bucks. And I'm going to tell you, if I were a nervous nelio, I'd be calling sick all week long. But I don't worry about those things. Yesterday, I saw the market's up 300 points. I call my broker. I said, tell list. I took a little bit of a profit there. Got some cash. Just in case. And I'm holding my head about one. That's right. But I want to tell you. No one up as we speak. You're an inspiration. It's up 30. So I'm a 36 points. And I have that up 23. So I have no fear. I have no fear that he personally is here. I will be bad just money. That's right. I'll be okay. Listen. I'll throw the hockey tickets. Yeah. I gave it my ticket flash. I found the guy. I got my global feet. But I did have to send him the check. They were asked his peer for days number two. And you don't know what that was in there. It's very possible at that final bill for the company. And maybe they thought that I'm reflecting that. Thank you. You weigh in. There's no tax in the church. It's 1134. There's no other kind. 1134 or 550. WQM. We have an open line. Can't we get an answer on his hockey ticket thing? I come on here here with his vast gigantic audience out there. Usually on the one that dispenses all the good information. And every now and then I ask the question. And the guy could call that started this thing. Several calls ago. After I broke the question about since we're getting off the close. How come I have a received the final invoice? And are the things in the mail? And are we supposed to pay it? And when are we getting the tickets? It's at a restaurant. So on. Since it's the second of September. And I'm looking for like a little confirmation on it. We can't get one single solitary person. So I give it to the Emmys on that. Very asked not what your guy damn tacos can do for you. Okay? Ask what the crap is in the mail. Let's just come back to that mail situation. Again don't worry. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing? Listen. I saw a couple of the zero license plates out there last night. So what's your job? Do you show it to him? Do you show it to him? Is that the show that there's that candlestom? Is there a lot of it on your right? Wrong wrong wrong state. The jury is the bluegrass state. The bluegrass state. The bluegrass. No. I thought Kentucky was the bluegrass thing. You're right. Kentucky the bluegrass thing. There is a really nice thing. Whatever. Anyway go ahead. Hey. I was at the game last night as you can imagine. You know, I don't see, you know, what killed me is that, you know, you refer to them at the role model. And you're talking about some like, chemical monkey who's like, nothing over there. You know what I mean? What do you mean by chemical monkey? Are you going to sell it? Let's say, well model. I mean, you know, can you pick a kind of model that is for that, please, to try and take. And second of all, you know, like, give me a name. You hear me a name? I don't know. Any one of Mother Teresa of that. Mother Teresa, she's dead. She's dead. She had dead. Take out these rinkled up, silver up, and dead on the door now. You right. One male little model other than athlete in this country, and I'll listen to you. Everybody's out. Who? Okay, great. Yeah, he's a chemical, built free. She went in and then that, my worst life case. What's the hope in this town? Just like we got it, I want to turn into a big board again, a freaking for that, which he's not. I've seen him on those press conferences a big in time. I want all these ball games, or he's in these all month. I don't ever hear what makes those references. So he made some, you know, kind of the man upstairs. People say that. Like I said, oh, thank God it's the market's up. But this is such a negative bunch of animals in this guy damn town. Do we get the, well, who's that call on the bat line? What was that about my tickets? And what's the story? What's the info? It was normal wanting me to ask you if you would like him to call the pants. Or anything. I just see it. Here we go again. I thought maybe it was a rumor or somebody who might have some information. Not somebody who's worried about his guy damn tickets. Here, here we go again. You people think you got problems. Okay, not only is my mail like locking his face out there with, with doing lots of things. But also I got him turning. Who's only worried about his guy damn foot tickets. How is he coming on that, who's the kidding deal? And he's more worried on that. No. How's he coming with Georgia's bonus? He's seen that yet. No. How's he coming with anything? Anything. But all you got to do is mention sports tickets. And the way there's no much can on the phone. But I mean, I don't know what's going on. Yeah, go ahead. Here's, here's, here's, here's, here's your ticket. Just where's you down? It just where's you down? For victims of one dimensional people. There are a lot of repetition. Always the same. Always the same craft. No, I'm not. Here's some light. Come on. Any else? Yes sir. I heard the ball. Mark and Warrior's got. Yeah. How do you all get these answers? Try to appear in this parade now. Second of all. Yes. I am a kind of brief and add. I'm from the hockey ticket park. I talked to you once a time. Yeah. I got confirmation on your pants. It's like it's a bill about four weeks ago. Oh. And they say, oh, yeah. I know I paid the bill because I got my visa statement already. And I'm officially broke. Yeah. And they tend to have to take it to about the third week of September. Okay. So you need to check with that. And I got one other thing for you. I got a bill and be starting last night. Yeah. Outside stadium. So he asked me if he goes, how about that Mark and Warrior? So he didn't even want to talk to hockey. He just talked about this. I'm sure. But he's a good guy. He's a good guy, right? I need a coach for a picture with my son and I. And he's a great guy. Yes sir. I just want to let you know. The end of the check with Panthers on that. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Well, thank you. See there he goes. There's a guy knows what he's talking about. No BF and the other guy was also no BS. But I just want a little bit of vacation. Does anybody can call these shows in September? But if you all kind of crap. That's all we needed. That's something to make me feel a little bit worse. You know that if it was sent to me, it's lost in faith, lost in the mail. Thank you again. The great letter carriers of America. We need to do it in for us. You know, my mail is starting to catch up now. The only problem being that the mail from like the seventh of all, is which is today after my mail was stolen from the seventh of August till about a week later. That's all. Hasn't show up yet. Do you think there's a chance I'll ever see it? No. So somewhere along the line for like about five, six days worth of mail has just vanished in the thin air because the letter carriers of America there are underpaid and they can't quite get to job them because it's computer rise. It's computer rise, baby. So here we are. It's only the second of September. It's only about a month later and I'm still hanging my ass looking for where the home I mail is and all these other bills that I'm waiting for. Putting my damn hockey tickets which to me is the most important guy damn thing in the world. Oh, Jesus, Joseph and Saul. Get in the arm. Go check it out. Okay. Go some more. Go save some life somewhere. Can you, I can't, yes, you can. I was going to say can you believe it? The crummy water ship would I have to ask that question. Am I that stupid? Huh? Twenty-two, no one is five, sixty, WQM, you want? It's the Marlins and Cards tonight from pro players stadium. Get some of our players, Simonies. Join Jo Angel David right here. You're from Dutch bastards. In conjunction with the good folks who would play in playtex, it's Wisher Equie. On the world who's looking for more than a cotton cord to plug her gushing gas. You get the life touch and the right thing to blend in the fly. Oh, what up? Pick one up and smoke it up. And put it on with the drop of mint for pleasure without morning's the Garbara. In Dallas or the likes of me and the right thing, can you stop bringing the life touch and the right thing to blend in the fly. Oh, what up? Pick one up and smoke it up. And put it on with your quits. Or round it, holy pad. Choose the one that suits your best friend. Give it a try. You get the life touch and the right thing. Pick it in just the fly and the power. Put it on. Choose pick one up and smoke it up. Turn it's 11.44 at 5.60 WQM. We're getting the tremendous positive response to this Mark McWire episode on this show. Wow. Here's a chemical of bill freak and he's a born again asshole. Okay, whatever you say. Yeah, let's have your kids work up to somebody that can maybe Him. Like Ellie was there. Huh? Like there's anybody here. I know who the hell he is. But there's anybody know who he is. Is there any kid in America besides those those poor Hasidic Jews that are walking around the beanies. Is there anybody in those who he is? No. So what the other you're talking about asshole? God, here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Wait a minute. Huh? Morty Neil. Hello, the flower in the black. Where's my little Macon? Hang on sir. What is there? What is this? What is this? I never come to your show. I don't even know why I never come here is Macon. I'm too fat. Too fat for one. You were saying all morning. Too fat in two hours. You know, you know, you know, you know, so he was on the last night talking about home screaming and I'm so loud. I'm my loudest day of my life. I'm never even in the same league with you. Okay. Neil. Get out of here. All men. Get out of here. Go kiss Sprogriffin. Okay. She's got the big bucks. Get out of here. What are you? Let me say again. Which word did you understand? Get out of here. Don't cock. Can you imagine me walking in the middle of a power 96. You know, I'm a power 96 show. Keep carry would drop up. Load in the hallway. I'll tell you. No thanks. I got an audience over the age of 10. Thank you. Okay. Oh. So anyway. What the f was that? Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Did I apologize profusely, hello? Oh, Neil. Can you believe that? I got the transit for that. That's flat. That's flat. I thought he looked fat on TV because he must waste 600 pounds. I'm the label. I just wanted to echo what the previous part said about the ticket. I did receive my final notice on August 3rd. Oh my God. The answer. I was mine. I was still getting my analogous turd. Yeah. Well, it's got to be the post office. Me all. Of course. I didn't send it then because I don't want ball decolting it for some. I'm running. Yeah. Well, when did that line descend in the money? I'm afraid that's that question. Well, I actually got a second notice on the 16th. So I sent it out. Yeah, but today's September number two already. It's already September. Yeah. I had to got lost in the mail. A USPS. Your hard work for you as usual. Mm-hmm. About the need of my or pot band deal. I think Brian's work. I have a static family. Basically, told them he's damaged good. They want a third doctor to check him. I mean, what's the problem with that? Right. I mean, I'll understand. Yeah. You know what the problem is? I think he's terrified that they're going to find something that is not right there. Or like find there's nothing between the ears. And that that's going to sourd the deal. And you see, here's what he's terrified. If that happens, not only will it sour that deal, but it'll sour any other prospective deal they have with anybody else for trading need of mine. Which you just, I don't know, that they got to be desperate to trade robby away. Sorry. They got to be just dying to get rid of him. You know, it's going to happen. We're going to end up with Sean Burke. Oh, got for four million a year. Sean Burke and Captain Jrgen McLean. He got Kirk, the jerk and Burke, the jerk. He got Kirk. He's like having two slabs of Swiss cheese on your sandwich, man. Both loaded with holes. Thanks for the uplifting call, pal. Okay. We'll be sharing. Thanks for the good news. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to tell you that normal Kent instead of wearing a bottle of these degenerates. You ought to be worrying about my hockey tickets right now. Because I'll take a check over there this afternoon just to make sure that that doesn't slip through the cracks. One more example. You wanted to, you thought I was getting a little overhats or ventilating there with that male situation. See, the male, I hate to break the news to let our carriers out there. But it's the way that people are communicating each other like if they're a build or check or stuff like that. That's clearly important in people's lives that you people are given a song in it. Well, you know, if you got anything within 10 to 14 days, you should kiss the ground. You're pretty lucky. Yeah, how about kissing my ass, okay? You imperialist idiots over there at the post office. Like I said before, you could strap a big net sack to my big dogs ass. And you could shrub the male, I guarantee, is a lot smarter than most of these letterchairs. He could shrub the male over to red, new bucks in no time in a day or so in a few hours. But oh, it's got to take at least three, maybe four weeks, maybe 125 days. Yeah, okay, whatever you say. You guys are brutal, you're impossible. In next. Yeah, but if you knew the volume, we got, yeah, we know the volume you got. Volume of that should. Here's Miami, hello. Did you bastard? Okay, thank you. Oh, thank you, my big friend. We have an open line of date, 567560 and 556 on the AT&T line. How do you know I was Jewish? I'm sorry. Here's my me Lake, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. What are you doing? Okay. First of all, I'd say thank you for, well, let me see how can I put it. How can you put it? When I started listening to you, I was going through some doubts in the Christian religion. And I was brainwashed. I was acting in the church. Yeah. And I was brainwashed in believing that the light would ever. You said it very well, sir. Okay. So when I started having those doubts, everybody was like, I was going crazy because I was very, very much into the religion and I used to go preaching to my friends and I was like, I say 1318, I started realizing on my own that it was making any sense. Oh, my God. The more I learned about it, the more I got turned off and the more I realized the constitution within the Bible. And I... Like I had very first page I read that day about the sun and the stars. He made the sun through all the day and the moon to rule the night. And then he made the stars also, which of course we know about the sun is just the star. But the planet people had wrote that crap had no idea about that. All in was that there were two lights up there today. And so he made the sun for the daytime and the moon for the nighttime. Is it just a show up there at the particular times? Yeah. Oh, God. And he's also funny that they were saying that the Earth was class five hundred years ago when the older civilizations like the Egyptians and the Maya, they knew that. Yeah. They knew all the planets were like, well, you're going to get to Pope Paul upset again. It took him 500 years to apologize to Galileo. Now he's going to have to start apologizing to them too. I mean, that's ridiculous. And another thing I'm changing the subject, George, he said something about the Jews being on camels. Yeah. I saw the shoulder the night on Channel 60. I don't want to say. Yeah. And I tell him not to forget the more they were all Spain for the year. I don't have ears in the family, sir. You know, he Arabs in my side. He's got a bunch of all the way. So, in fact, you know something, he and till it's TV people started coming in here. He used to wear a turban to work every day. Oh, really? One day, I think he bought his David Newell. He got a shock. Oh, that's right. You saw how many run his hands. So he was my diaper right there. They can probably know that. They can't make fun of that. I'm sorry. You probably know that when we see O'Hala, we're saying, no, you say O'Hala. Well, you don't say O'Hala? No, I don't. He pitches for the Marlins. I have a great day, pal. Alright, thank you. God bless us all. Alright. Okay. Yeah, you're a little laundry and there's a dollar you can. Hey, how about Gary Morris, he and your family tree? We have an open line in Dave 567560 and Pope I've 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Religion, my ass. And you know, I'm going to take that thing as long as I'm getting some crap off my chest today. The people at really, if you want to believe you're stuff fine, I don't hear it. Let's say up to you. But number one, I don't want to be inundated with it. And number two, I don't want to want to want to want their driving on the public highways. That I have to build with my tax dollars, like Hala Resci, I don't want to have to be hit and a push with it. Okay. Your car. Your car is not a moving goldboard, Faber ties your superstitions. Jesus saves and Jesus is in a little fish with us. Oh, get out of here already with us. If you believe it, fine, why do you have to be so intolerable? So God damn rude. He's supposed to be the good people, the Christian people, right? And are the real people, are the intolerant people? Because if they were tolerant and understood, it's just like having to go in there at the airport ball game. To a football game and they got an invocation. See, when I watch a football game in my house, even though I have to pay like, you know, on the satellite dish, whatever it is, I pay for the package, and it's very minimal. But at least I buy the freedom to sit there in my house. And I don't have to stand before the game, and mumble a lot of mumble jumbo in Jesus' name. You know, I'm going to tell you something. I remember it's serious, I wound up about this, because it pisses me off. You ask holes out there, my Jewish friends, who go to those dolphin games, I was a seating ticket holder for five years, okay, with my own goddamn money. And one of the things that really frosts my ass. I try to start a thing about not standing for the invocation, hoping that if enough people sat on their ass, and realize they're going to a pain that would pay to go to a sporting event, where there are all different kinds of people with all religious beliefs or lack of. It's not the place that will religious exercise. We don't have religious, we don't have invocation to baseball games at basketball games, at hockey games, at the racetrack, any other goddamn plan we needed at the racetrack. No place else except that football games, please rise while Reverend Haguello comes at their father-mote tool, gives the invocation. And here's all these poor Jews up there. Only Fat Rich and I wanted to other people as the guts to sit down. And not stand for the invocation. We would stand for the national anthem, and as soon as that Getsky got out there, started to hawk at a try, we sat right down on the chair. And all we got was dirty looks. Dirty looks. And here's my Jewish friends out there, including many in my section, by the way, my year-long friend, standing there where father-in-law tools going. Oh, but I'm gonna be put up with Jesus name, yeah. And they're just standing there like a beating sheep, who wound up paying 50 or 60 bucks or more to come into a goddamn sporting event and had to turn into a Sunday church episode. You people are spying loose, you're gutless, you're a bunch of goddamn sheep. And today that I spend my harder and dollars to go into any kind of event, so I can be embarrassed and humiliated with somebody else's religious hoax, that'll be a cold goddamn day in hell. Oh, God damn right. You idiots, you fools. The national football league with its first, the national football league, which was the only sporting event, by the way that decided that their event was too important after President Kennedy got assassinated. Air began this fort, the NHL, the NBA, everything else in the world didn't participate that weekend and respect to a dead president, okay? Which they thought was a little bit more important, than the national goddamn epic football league, they had to go to game head and go on. Because that was more important. We're talking about not an national pastime, we're talking about a national neurosis is what we're talking about. Stand up for a goddamn prayer, a football game, are you people out of your goddamn mind? You bet your sweet ass you are. That you have to pay to go into, it's like back in the days when I was in high school and we used to have those assemblies. And of course this isn't candidate when the yorker, there may be like 10 Jewish families. But nevertheless, if you assembly, we had the Lord's prayer. Oh yes, in Jesus' name, but if he put him over, he'll write. And I used to say, Jesus, are we doing this again? And they've looking me and say, shut up, you bastard, and sit on, I did. Four minutes before noon is five seared. And they said, someday he'll be making a lot of money doing that. Oh, I know you. You know, when you think of one of the five sixty WCOM, sure, it brings back a lot of good memories to me. Couldn't we turn back the clock? We have an open line in date, five sixty and five sixty and five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile on the alley with a pig report, hello. Deal. Yes sir. Yeah, I just wanted to call on, say, you know, for long time, let's have a first time caller. And took something for me to really get just off about. I'm driving across from Naples, the cultural waste land today. And I get some mile markers 34 on the alley, which is the middle of the Everglades. Yeah. There's this one Brower County Sheriff car right over the overpass with his radar gun on. And just down the road, there are four other Brower County Sheriff's patrol cars, four on people over. And a construction zone where speeding find double. And those assholes should be back in four-laterdale trying to stop crime. Yeah. And the middle of the airway, you know, all those bastards that are running the red lights to kill them people. I'm telling you, it's enough to make the crazy. Yeah. Anyhow, I'm out of the derail. Just wanting to let everybody know. Myelmark is 34. So you got Neil? I didn't get me. I got a radar detector. I'm right. Nice work, pal. All right. See you. We have an open line in Brower. Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line. That's thing at the football games. There was only one of many aspects that convinced me beyond a shadow of the time. But God Almighty. Watching a bunch of adults, I'm not talking about little kids who feel that they're compelled to do whatever to hell everybody else calls them to do. But watching a bunch of adults who are like Jews and atheists and Christian scientists and whatever they are just standing up beautifully, going through some religious exercise by somebody who was just like when a rabbi is out there and here these Christians go out standing up because I'm rabbi is talking about. At least he's not doing it in the Hebrew anyway. Because except for the very orthodox, the Jews tend to be somewhat less intolerant than the very orthodox of the Graham. Although the very orthodox of both of them are crazy in the bed bug. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I think you do. Hey, oh, and speaking, I'm just out of control. I saw a thing, a rabbi, who I had in my show years ago. I can't remember which one. They all look the same. They all look real Jewish. It was on public television and he was demonstrating he was laying to fill in. He was demonstrating the very thing that you're accountant David, the crazy Jew. Did you that day? Were they wrapped these straps around your arm? And they put that crazy thing on a forehead and they cut off the circulation. I am going to tell you something, my friends. There are crazy people walking around on the loose. You know, the president got in trouble for laying monica. These people are laying to fill him. At least laying monica may or may not have, but you know, but been a fun time. Well, it's kind of sexual. Oh, and so, yeah, sexual. It's not an S&M thing. It's an M thing. Pure, on adulterated, and massacres. The S-part stands for stupidity. Laying to fill in. There were, I wish that everybody in the world could see this. Because I'm one Jew that's going to be honest enough to tell you that the crazy Arabs are no crazier than the crazy fanatical Jews. They deserve each other. They, that's a Max made in heaven. And they're all circumcised, too, by the way. George, I thought I would throw that in there for it. Well, I'm on a wall over there. Oh, God. He's trying to strap around him and his arm, like you're on that day. I was getting panicking, you know, you're almost purple. Well, that wasn't my own. Yeah, right. Believe me, if it was something else, I wouldn't have been looking. God. I mean, you ever squeeze anything so tight that it turned purple? Oh, well, that's beside not that. God, almighty, they're doing this and they've got that thing on their forehead. And they're wearing all these 40 pounds of clothing. And they expect people to go out to ball games and pay 50 and 100 bucks to go to see the sporting event. And they've got to go through some goddamn hoax focus. We're, see, we're supposed to have freedom of religion and freedom from religion in this country. That's what you don't understand. What a concept. So if you want to participate in your barbaric and embarrassing rituals, be my guest. Okay. We'll just sit back and laugh at you. But if the rest of us don't, then don't inflict it or supply to ponas. Especially places where we're going to watch a guy dayman or payment event and don't want to go to a religious exercise. We'll go to show. We'll go to church. We'll go some God day in place. Here's Miami Beach, fellow. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah. You talked it earlier about a spaghetti sauce. What is the call? Mama La, Mama La sauce. Mama La, I think that's what it's called. That's it. The Cubans spaghetti sauce. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, five, six. Now the one of your little Julios. Five, six, seven, five, six. He got all worked up on Don Cox came in here. That's what got him out of the world. It was probably listening to Power 96 before. And by the way, you TV people, I just want to give you a little piece of advice. Okay? Since I saved your asses and your jobs for like the next three months, do an issue with those Israeli skinheads or whatever they are. Don Cox is not somebody we need on this program. Don Cox is definitely not somebody I need to or want in this studio at any time of my life. So if there are people out there encouraging him because they're trying to orchestrate what they consider to be exciting events on issue, go out there and tape some exciting event. Go to the beach and tape some noon to hot looking people out there. Steel, some of the leftovers from tens and drop those in on the show. They will get some goddamn people watching. That's right. I mean, what would you rather see some scaddly clad young a well-tanned body whatever turns young or Don Cox? I mean, is that like a tough question? Do we have to have a seminar or an that? Do we have to put it to a goddamn vote? They're all denying any involvement with Don Cox and that episode. They're involving, they're denying involvement with Cox. That's not what I heard. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, yes sir. Hey, just wanted to say Kudos to Mark McGuire, yes. The Sammy Soso of a more importantly Kudos to you. Hi, I'm Kudos to you. You're not going to be fading, looking up, and Kudos to you. You. Yeah, you just been tired. More importantly Kudos to you. You're so correct me up every night. Yeah, you look like when you take young a guy in your head. You look like the head on my uncut 11 inch penis. Uh-huh. Okay, great. Thank you. That's the same guy to call the yesterday about the pimple on a pimple on his ass. Thank you. So, I was so glad you were enjoying the show by the way. You must have a beautiful penis. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 6, the un-mobile one line. He's watching every night just like everybody else's. That's why we got a, uh, chair. We only have any numbers today because they're probably too embarrassed. And the show's last night with both excellent, by the way. They're both very, very good, except for Don Cox. Here's a mobile in Bokello. Hey, Neil, six years down here, listen to the show. Moving out of the state on Friday. Congratulations to you, sir. Thank you. Especially if we listen to that last call, it's just more reason to go. Yeah. And a little bit of bulk of return. I think it was the free lunch at Welfarees with the people saying that in the aisle for the five hours down. I'm going to put you right over the edge. That's just the same thing for this to get that out of here. And I'd like to make one quickly, question to tell a friend of mine goodbye. Yeah. You're a, we don't. Okay. I don't know. Okay. I don't know. Okay. There's a guy he's bailing out to. That was up 72 that as that's up 35. Let's hear it. Come on. I'm not going to get two and two is the recited, but we're starting to like, you know, I feel a little bit less psychotic that I did two days ago. Sitting here watching my life flash before my eyes. And it's for the guy that called the Fortress. He's 12 grand out. Oh, baby. 12 grand. That's, uh, I understand it's all relative, but boy, would that be sweet or what? No, no, no. Speaking of a money, while other toy to dealer. Two eight out. Swining. We'll see how for no other boy. I'm a Catholic ABC. Look at this. See that. I told you. I had the right. The first word on this. This is from a radio and records street talk heard at Facts Time at long time Wild. D, my name is Wild. My name is Morning fixture. Alice Randtell, who never worked on Wild. How do you like that? Nice going. Radio and records. It goes to show you because somebody printed somewhere. It doesn't necessarily mean it's, uh, any relationship to the true. No. Like that article about, about Paxon and me and the uponbeats. Both the other day. No. Not even two words of truth in there. Alice Randtell is about to join K ABC Law Samuelus. Insiders were also whispering about negotiations. Stations, station management having with least two more potential hosts. As the ABC on talker begins really to gear up a three building process. Under new program director. Why tell you hear this? Drew Hayes. I'm Drew Hayes. You know who Drew Hayes is? You long time old time. Westeres remember the days of W. News. Many, many, many, many years ago. We were doing that boring fun. Drew Hayes was a little punk. We used to be doing overnight talk on the weekends for us. And he used to scream so loud. He used to scream from midnight to six. That by three four in the morning every night he would be horse. He would lose his voice. He couldn't talk because he was screaming in yelling. Drew Hayes went on to become program director. WLS in Chicago. Oh my god. And now he's the PD of K ABC in Los Angeles. And you wonder why about this business? You talk about this business. Here's a kid that wouldn't know a talk show. If you stuck it up his rectum. And his guys. PD of K ABC hiring Alice Randtell. He'll go over big out there in LA. Baby. Good luck to Alice. You'll need it. God. Two open lines in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Did you hear the good news? We're probably going back on here and Fort Myers. Maybe possibly because they finally got some ratings on that station over there to Beesleys. And they can't get over it. Pusting at 8 million phone calls. People bitching. How come you took that crazy meal off the year over here? Because everybody in there brought the order of the age of 100 was listening. All tenomas. There you go. But being the cowards that they are, you know, they got a couple of calls from the AFA and the FFA and the Future Farmers of America. Whatever it was. And right away, open and pull that off. Yeah, pull this. Here's a mobile in D'Rale. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. I would like to talk to you today about religion. And I would like to invite every idiot out there listening to believes in God. How to listen to what I'm up to say. Yeah, good. Now, according to some Jehovah's Witnesses, I talk to earth as only men here. Six thousand years. I'll figure out what's here. Okay, then they come out of this crap about Noah's arc. Well, I have a question. We have salt water and most in the way of freshwater animals. Now, how do you account as the earth flooded over that either all the salt water? Don't you understand that God was the first one to institute the Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy? I know. Don't ask that one. Our teologist, uh, find a skeleton remains from species extinct for a million years. This is a little tell you, well, carbon dating, I've done more than that. And that's the work of the devil, don't you understand that? That's what the religious notes will tell you. It's the work of the devil. I'd like to tell the religious notes that carbon dating is near an exact science within around 5,000 years. Right. Now, as any doctor, I had a right to tell the truth. Yeah. As any piece of matter of the case on this planet, it loses a certain amount of radiation per year. That is how the measure carbon dating. Okay. So any religious ethydrone, like from the call Neil, and they're like to explain to him how we can have fossil several million years old. We have species that have evolved. It's a organic thought that you understand it. Excuse me? I think the old symbol of that something to do with it. I don't know. Don't you understand these people that in brain wash from birth and their brains are closed? You can't reason with people who can't think. But I understand there's no feeling. I mean, you show these idiots proof of evolution, skeletal remains over millions of years. And they'll sit your face and say, oh, that's wrong. They won't say, I'm high face. It's right there. Well, say, save your breath, pal, because you deal with a bunch of lunatics. All right, Neil. Thank God. Thank God all those religious killings over the world that I anyway, right? We have an open line in dating to a Broward 560, 560, and you notice something this thing about the invocation of the football game. All right, this is another one of those things. I brought up 50 billion times over the years on here. And new people are all such a bunch of spinalous cowards. Not only won't you, it's not stand up for that in the ball game, which is totally unacceptable and inappropriate. You won't even talk about it. You won't even talk about it because you're such a bunch of pussy's. Because your ball game is so goddamn important to you that you're willing to be, you've been just dehumanized and humiliated and degraded. And stand there for some idiotic stupid, hoax, polka's religious exercise, and you don't give a crap. I mean, what's the hope? What's the use? Looking for somebody in this country who's got some backbone, got some balls, it's like working for a guy named Needle in a haystack. Here's a mobile list of waterdale, hello. Hey, I'm coming out. Yes, sir. You were talking about the film. I have to get this story. Last week I met a client's office. I'm a sugar lock tin. All right. That's the one. You go in there. Yeah. We've got to out. Rose on my head. Raps my arm so tight. Oh, and that was a stroke. Yeah. As the adventwism, minion, and the takes off the lead. No, and no charge? No charge. Such a deal. I got one of the things to ask you to do to the article. Which is the article this morning about to arrive? What do you mean what do I think of the article? Where he comes out his myth. I'm not 100% right. Let me say it again. There's one line in the article that I read before I'll read it again. It says, according to sources, Mike Smith of Toronto makes the deal. Only if he can have the head injury expert of his own choosing, examinator Meyer, Murray says that's not an option. Let me say it to you right now. Anybody that would, if anybody in Toronto makes the deal, there are the ones who should have their head examin. Exactly. It's 50 minutes. That's right. And additionally, which when he does play, he's still a pussy anyway. Show us up like once every throw of a few or four game. And the rest of the time he goes out there and skates figure out, and he looks like he's lost. He's a nice kid, but he's just not motivated. He doesn't have the fire in the belly that it takes to go out there and compete at that level. He doesn't have it. He's not his brother. And he's never going to have it. You're right. Never going to be his brother. Good luck to you. He's a little bit sick of standing. Okay. Take care. Okay. We're coming down to a precious couple now. Alex, when he's lying to the be blazing, now is when he's lying to the be on fire. And if they're dormant, now we got two calls left on the board. A lot of negative calls today about Mark McGuire. He's a creation of a laboratory somewhere, his it ortori. He's a Board. He's not what he's not, but that's what you get here. And you think I'm just making it up on. I tell you what a negative hostel townness is. Hostile. Negative. two of the lines a day three of rower five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on that mobile one line mobile in four-laterdale hello I need a sir that one question little confused from willy punishment relying with that he loses his job if that happens monarch of punishment going to be for line like they're gonna sell a lot of you know she has no punishment for anything she's got a community and people are talking about while how come he didn't apologize to her she ought to apologize to Hillary and the whole guy damn country because she went there with a presidential knee pads on she know exactly what she was doing she's the one that created this old mess right that's that's on the dress how could they give her a idea that that's not a she that she lied you know they're saying you know willy you live with all the way to sorry nobody care that was up on the ten the nsdx up 43 that's what we care about open line and date all of rower and white open like somebody just took the broad lines and just uh... yank them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's my amy hello hey yes sir thanks for preparing for see you said to me yes thank you very much you're welcome okay okay that's it okay that's it thanks for the fresh and that's it okay how was this possible how is it possible i'm sitting here is animated is a god that Mexican jumping being and these people are like uh... in a coma you can't get to them with a god damn horse with you can beat them over hand with a two by four you can't squeeze a response out of these goddamn people i keep telling myself the same thing over and over again do i ever learn that lesson no because once i accept that i'm just gonna lay down on the floor here for four hours right get up on its time to do a spot and then it'll be it and hopefully still pay me for doing that it's on and here's the here's candle with eighty two question marks hello yeah sir i was going okay uh... went a lot of morning came last year morning went to this year Boston Red Fox and i'm going to see big Mac yeah all the rest of them they call go to hell the handbag all right and then he passed but we'll be right now all the way thank you okay we have an open line and bro and i want to question marks on their see got me nervous with that guy but it was not a blue rongaio k this guy maybe a blue rongaio but that's his business okay it's could be so noisy will you all you spicks are so nosy five six seven all five sixty pampive sixty thank god us jews are so rosy just as the people living in the condos so you don't have to worry about your mail at the field of the condos because your neighbors will take care of it for you don't make sure it's all in there and where it's from and uh... etc here's a mobile implantation hello hey Neil yes sir i just like to say congratulations to uh... my choir i feel back to the so soon because i don't think he gets the publicity he's not getting any publicity yeah i don't understand that at all i heard what you said this morning he's trying to make a corner of public in that why he's too dark and collected it's really sad you know what would happen what would the world say if he was one of the very good mcguired didn't even make it that's out of the question of course but listen i wanted to tell you how those over four miles to your back when you're on here over there what do you mean a few years back well we're on the other first time you know for about five minutes yes it's true yeah and i work at a job well i'm in people's homes all the time and i just take care of it and i'll tell you that's a bible felt over there i know i don't like to well there a lot of we we had ratings over there it's a first time that station never had that was an issue that's been on here well yeah it was great it was great it was great it was considering putting it back on here which i find just unbelievable and we'll see if they have the walls to do it any consolation to you i should try to keep a lesson take my radio in and listen to what they like to the night well god bless you your god meal see you we have an open line in grower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line one that bit quite a turn around for the beasty at the beastly boys all of a sudden grow a little tiny pair and put the new rod your show back on wwc and in four miles where they got fifty billion calls the first couple of days when they arbitrarily took it off to put a bunch of paid religion on over there because they are going to allow a bunch of bible thumbers to tell them what to put on here see this is what i'm talking about you want to be a bible thumber go thumb it some place else don't stop it in my post if you want to thumb it in my post you better look pretty good okay that's all i can tell you where we gone let's uh what is it a mobile in the camera kilo yeah yes sir how are you today okay i just uh with coming down sample road and there's this great bill boy that says if you continue taking my name and veins i'll make rush hour longer god oh no can you imagine they're gonna make rush hour longer god gamut where were you to see that god damn billboard i'm uh sample going west bill god yeah at least me oh god right and you'll god damn it and then bumper sticker the other day neol it said before i formed you i knew you god hmm amazing prop or found okay god bless you my girl i love you okay let's just stick that way for your post now drink some of the wine but don't drink out of that chalice at the priest i'm telling you i've been warning you guys out there that's what's proliferating a lot of this disease you keep drinking at wine out of the same chalice where there's the priest it's not fact in the church oh man i would put my lips on that we have an open line in day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line if you're car five sixty qm before i leave here at two o'clock today i'm gonna tell you right now i'm gonna hear from at least one person if it's the last and fact i won't leave here period until i hear from one person who goes to the dolphin games and then this is supposed to be your dot dolphin station and a lot of you who i know very very well who used to sit in my section air 142 i want to hear from somebody out there who tells me why they stand during that invocation and if they think that it's in appropriate place to be having a god damn prayer at a football game that's what i want to hear you see you know some people including George and others like hellgoels who are always saying that you know people are a bunch of pansies that the sports people see the football people think they're the most macho of all the sports people i hate to break the news here they're the biggest pansies of all because they don't even have the guts to sit down there and make a statement they're like like little obedient soldiers like an auntie's warrior they're just conditioned to do whatever they hold their toll to do everybody rise now father or tools going to go out there and talk about the altar boys whatever i'm always going to do in jesus name amen two open lines in brawler five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line but you're up to see four waterdale hello yes sir are you okay uh we see just uh i watch a few so i'm just one of the add another person to personal what's there alright okay i actually uh but a year and a half ago my family was briefly a meal some family alright i'm still better with so long ago though see one of we we didn't last very long because they did ever give us a box or anything we had to still like a paper for me had to fill out send them a mail yeah and it's any like a bunch of quarters or something for a hundred more yeah yeah yeah that was good that a bunch of quarters well for some people it might be their toll income but uh anyway it was you know a lot of time to sit there and fill out the thing after watching everything will show uh and the form too right and uh so you know we just never bothered doing it but uh i wonder in your crusade you're some ammo actually in your crusade against the whole meal for radio systems uh how unbiased could possibly be if your family who has the box aren't you gonna you know not watch certain shows because you don't want them to think that you're the kind of family that watches all right absolutely there are a lot of right and especially you don't want them to think that you're the kind of family that would watch you know someone crude like Neil so i don't know i just i find you but if you are watching it you can't pull the box that well yeah but it is you're not using the boxes for filling out the paper form or regardless so it can't be a bias thing and uh yeah i also wanted to say thank you for uh the book you gave me which was the uh what sucks about tough order right actually came in there's a pretty handy reference tool because i was moving from north Miami to coal springs now wasn't all that familiar with coal springs oh yeah they had a list all the gangs in there was pretty good yeah for you know the gang leaders their home phone number like that but i just you know list of phone numbers for cable companies uh utility stuff like that it's post office i wasn't expecting how to get your mail forward in real fan yeah anyway i think that's all i have to say for today how the good day no okay i'll re-binarche thank god okay we have an open line in date county five six seven five six the pomp five sixty i want to hear from somebody out there who's got that guts the sit through the invocation and that's seen the problem with people is they're too worried about what other people will think of okay there are two god damn worried about what other people will think of them and quite frankly i don't give a flying crap what anybody thinks which doesn't mean i go out of my way to offend people but nevertheless i express my opinions the way i feel like it i dressed the way i want to dress like a slob and i do whatever and i want and if people don't like it give them the bob fungula baby i don't care what the why give a crap about people that i don't even know a bunch of strangers what they think about me at a football game if i'm outstanding for some bunch of barbaric crap but all these other people oh we don't want to stick out in the crowd it's disrespectful it's disrespectful for them to be doing the thing they're in front of you that's what's disrespectful how about if you went if you're in a god name airport you're going to tear them to take a leak is there a priest in there you have to say a prayer in fact if there is a priest in there i tell you one thing better run like hell that's right at priestman hang out at that you're in a hell of a long time i mean is that the appropriate place to be saying a god damn prayer no there's a time in a place for everything and at a god damn football game national football league or otherwise is not the place for a religious exercise when the guys come out of the field for practice before the game and they're doing their calisthenics and yankin and twisting it and playing a little grab ass with each other that's where the exercise is okay your exercise is getting off your ass going up and buying 20 or 30 more beers and a couple of over-priced weanies and burbers or whatever that's the only exercise you're going to get there and you're like size your your jaws in screaming and yelling there and he guys you really suck how come how about scoring a touchdown once in your lifetime you're getting that kind of exercise but religious exercise absolutely positively wrong and you can't convince these people don't confuse us with a truth you stand out like a sore thumb we want to be part of the crowd we want to be like everybody else stupid look and congratulations here's a mobile and haven't sure hello thank you okay let's go to a four-laterdale hello four-laterdale hey deal yes sir alright i want to say that i'm proud and thrilled to have been at the game last night and watched a mark McGuire crushed two home runs to center field yeah i'm going to have my tickets framed and hang them on the wall all right and um i'm real happy for my friend too came all the way down from Indianapolis to attend the game excellent and the timing pal he's got tickets for for future games in Cincinnati and i think Milwaukee so he may be there when he does the and there you didn't even have to say a prayer before the game last night did they i had my my second point i was raised religious until i was about 15 years old i was forced to go to church hello hello how Joe Rose ever get ahead that big 17 till one at five sixty w q a m we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty the challenge is out there to all those dolphin fans baby don't forget by the way ankle be out there pp park today from two to six he'll give you the load on a what's going on because very jackass says the deal with john Henry is close it's coming here's homestead hello neo yes sir i'm down here in the home to the new ruggers closet mister all right listen up man i don't understand these sports things right before they come out of the field they all get around the room and they're doing locker room and have their prayer and that's card you same thing they have their prayer they have their prayer they have card those macho and that's card guys do that yeah absolutely well we got the fact that they now we got Jim Gordon so you know we know we know our answer that's a lot you more yeah that's that's card well we didn't know you guys could drive but that's a try to keep in drive it yeah but i understand they pray in the rock locker room there is there and then they come on the field and they get everybody else you know stand up and do it but i don't understand myself why they gotta do that but i guess a lot of people stand up because they're afraid like you said somebody's standing around watching them or got to be something should happen during the game and they absolutely die they get up there and God just how come you didn't stand up yeah that's a good point if i just want to stood up well welcome now it's going to be all out of the material all right thanks for the good news that's the NASCAR crowd down there in the home state we know about that it's a gate club you moron who open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line is there one person i mean how many years a hundred years i've been pursuing the answer to this question why can't we get one just one person to fess up that they're whatever i don't want to put words in them out because i know you go to those dolphin games and i know that you know as well as i do that's not the place to be forced to do a goddamn prayer oh those bother me i just to look up at the sky and over there look at Superman yeah we know no it's Jeff Cohen's banner see that's the idea make you stand up and look up in the sky and see that Jeff Cohen banner for the pizza law here's Pemberpine hello yeah no yes sir well listen i never call but you motivated motivated part of it dolphin season ticket older for about 17 years yes sir i i think in four fifteen road twenty eight six five and six oh it's late yeah no leave out of the fifty odd line i am the only god damn person to sit down when that asshole gets to you's up there oh great two years father and you man okay i've ever since you were going to the games and tell people to sit down i'm said you know that's a great idea so i sit down i don't even get up i have to do the location and then do the um natural anthem and i stand for that but i am the only one in my own style look around to see anybody else sitting down and i'll see anybody sitting down i think what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to start before the games i'm going to start going back up there and stick about a bunch of invisible crazy glue on her seats before they do the invocation it is such a waste of time and so is it it stand out there and they're just it's a hundred degrees in the shade you're visiting from that to go yeah and for what for nothing and then they start to game and everybody's eating the brains out in the sand then i'll appeal and they're in there they're hockin is crap about all well lord uh please please to help our players get through the game without any injury and help them do this and perform the i mean you know let's just stop and think about how ludicrous how dem if there were such a thing as a god how demening this would be the god that people are praying to god to worry about a football game of course Jesus god oh my god so simple people have no friggin common sense don't ever stop talking about this though i never will don't have to worry about that i don't care people are i if you think it's getting older what man do not stop talking about this god bless you so i hope this section is on the god damn 69 okay god damn i'm okay yeah yeah you're an ample okay okay okay okay got a lot of alpine that's right lots of alpine lines i mean whatever you want i mean we got this in tremendous enthusiasm about mark my warrior's great performance last night don't wait no there's not too excited about that they're really responding to my thing about the standing for the invocation of the dolphin game aren't they no with this one guy there's one er and at the end that's this is one of the handful of guys that's got some balls but the other people who don't have the balls those are the people all you want make us call we don't want to admit it well isn't that isn't that courageous don't you look in the mirror and say to yourself am i a person who really is willing to stand up for what i've or sit down in this case for what i believe in where did i how do you find the people that have any cahons that's my question where are they let's get a fricking search party and find some people that have a ball bigger than a ball bearing okay i'm not talking about physical ones i'm talking about whatever it is where do they how are they two open lines in date where we know they have no balls five six seven oh five sixty pamp five sixty in a mobile one line if that any ball from date cutty what couldn't keep putting the same crooked politicians back in the roverno vergan and letting them destroy this town my any date county my ass here's my amy hello neville yes sir are you doing sir okay i'm about as you prove the right them there's coming along yeah coming along i used to be a good yeah i keep praying to the Lord every night to you yeah you have a one uh i thought i could play a song for me can i play a song for you yeah the two joints got the one to do and now okay we're giving you a number off by the way Christach all here's a guy smoking at wicked weeding god's gonna be really upset and pissed off okay there's a gun jemani's doing the mondial a gun j'er trace that call and get that number right away to the FBI the CIA the secret police the SS we have an open line in the in date county five six seven oh five sixty come on and the pamp five sixty on our mobile one line we're still searching i guarantee we won't find one there is no dolphin fan it'll catch the ball other the misguide who sits on his ass thank god for him but there's nobody else out there there will be oh it's on your business if we feel like standing up you're right you're full of crap you're spymeless cowards you're a bunch of pussy's who just go along with a crowd just like they wanted about the Nazis and well you know we didn't know we were just doing what we were being told there he had go we that was the greatest line after the war we were just doing what we were being told all right i'll tell you one thing forget about this talk market i'm going to the wool business okay that's why i'm gonna make a fortune because there's so many sheep in this world there must be enough wool to fill the whole guy damn uh Uranus here's a mobile info louder nail hello hey nail yes sir i'm one of those colors that would stand up and say that everybody has a choice to do whatever they want to do so if those that choose to stand up let them stand up don't don't I mean you believe in what you believe in they ought to have a chance to believe in what they believe in so you believe that all those people are standing like what a priest is out there giving a great denominator uh domination of christian prayer you believe that all those people in there believe in what he's saying no no so what are they standing so why should why are they standing up that well they what they are they stupid you know but anyway if you're a great if you don't want to stand you have a church to stand and not nobody's out on the ground to get that there's a lot of keep times if you want to sit on your ass or then you're rest they don't have the grits to do it but it's good you know okay they're a bunch of pussy's a lot of people don't have their whole mind they they a lot of people live by other folks to do whatever if they go to the crowd exactly the one god you have to stand for palanat don't forget it okay see I'll read it or you know I'm saying you have an open line in Broward 567 I mean this is not maybe the most important thing in the world but it's the beginning of saying they're making a statement then that was Jesse Jackson always says you have to make a statement to get out of your predicament I wonder what he meant by that because he'd be talking and rhyme and jive and bullcraft and what the hell we need him for anyway get him out of here you know so his face is falling apart Jesse Clinton's no his keeps getting longer and Jesse's face is falling apart what does that all mean it means the Lord works in mysterious ways and don't you ever forget it you heathen bastards here's Fort Lauderdale hello and yeah how you doing okay yeah I'm a doctor said I go to most of the games and I will stand no sorry don't just can't do it they got you I don't think prayers get help at all but maybe they got you out there doing the ulog before the game that may be everybody that's what they need is still gone that out there's a 50 yard line before the game to give them a little bit of encouragement that's yeah under the green hand I could just imagine you out there just give it a nice ulog I'd be smithing my brains out I'll write all right now see they're in the first home game on your dolphin station five sixty yeah how come we had the baseball game last night nobody had to stand up for that these are things that nobody questions because in this country especially nobody questions anything nobody questions nobody asked you know the most important god damn question in the world that everybody in the world ought to be asking the way to hell is that by the way where is that where's my why why isn't it in there it's not in there is an extra the k the k y should just be under y but it's not one moment please I can't I can't that's unbelievable that's just a letter y uh just a letter y it's always under the letter y is that how you spell y no it's for ease of you know it's for ease of knowing if you know that that's where it is yeah that's right nobody ever bothers to ask the god damn question of course not because they're too busy being let around by the nose oh this is what we do okay fine I'll look at the game in a minute you spying less coverage you it makes me nauseous that an old bag like me has to be the one guy that stands out like a sore thumb as a man with a guy damn backbone on the one guy in his town it's got a bone not much but I got a bone to pick here's a mobile in uh pop a no hello hey Neil yes sir you don't really catch my bag what is that that bumper sticker that says real man love Jesus oh god have you seen that one real man who would love Jesus that sounds very homo erotic to me you know what my response to that is yes you're a pussy if you don't love Buddha if I got a bumper sticker that said that and put that in my car you know we we'll work on it we'll have it in less than a week I love it okay pal yeah that's right if you don't rub boot is head you're a real pussy and but after been rubbing boot is head lately we have an open line in this nice and smooth open line in Broward 567560 and pal 560 about what's wrong with saying that brood has got a nice smooth head he's a skin head for Christ 6 there's so much confusion about that anyway it's 1254 it's about the crap food out there and he's absolutely correct and I'm sure he probably will bring in you'll probably have it catered some real food in there so it doesn't have to eat the horrendous crap that the wing is serving up anyway five minutes to all the game pray you don't die from tomein from eating that garbage there's serving here at pp stadium that's the deal you know moped and probably a few more than that and they got this monopoly on Wednesday night baseball and they decide that we want to see the the big unit and the Greg Maddics I love Greg Maddics but quite frankly last part of the season the impetus shadow of himself and the big unit who do want to look at that who don't need to see a meaningless game if we're going to see a meaningless game let's see a meaningless game where there's somebody performing with break-out kind of records that people are excited about you idiots here's a lady in four-laterdale hello hi Neil yes man I have been a dolphin he's a big and holder for 15 years I said in section 139 but 27 and I know people behind me don't stand up for the invocation I sure tell them stand up for real occasion and it's ridiculous I mean it's not the question football league not the Jewish football league right it's it's the Miami dolphin the paying 38 dollars to see a football game not to be relaxed or buy a priest so hundreds are actually our people with some balls who are sitting what you've been screaming for years for people to do I haven't stood I've never stood up for the invocation oh god bless you freedom of religion means freedom for all religion as well right if I'm paying for football game I shouldn't have to sit through a religious event sports are secular you know when people beg you to buy tickets to go subsidize their business to prevent and then they they may subject you to an embarrassing humiliating ritual like that how you know how how how long is it gonna take before the NFL finally rises up and realizes that there's not another sport in the world not a soccer game not a rugby game not a cricket match not a tilly winza chess game I mean there's nothing where people are subjected to a prayer at a ball game right I mean a perfect world you know that's a sports sports sports arts it transcends anything religious a political it's so people can get together and unite behind a team you know unless they're fighting and getting drunk but that's what it's about there's no part of fighting and getting drunk was what it was about it that's all in games oh never mind oh that's why stop going anyway I don't stand and I will not stand this year and I encourage everybody in my section I tell them they shouldn't stand for it it's ridiculous oh right thank you all we'd like to thank you how do you like that we've drew a few people out of the woodwork here people that have the balls to and this lady's got more balls than most of you guys by the way she's got big big fat ones is what she's got because most of the guys I have seen I was out there five years in a row and I watched as I sat my ass back down on the thing and said what the hell is this polycrap with some getch key out there in a dress babbling around about Jesus in this and but if you get out of go back to your church and preach to your damn sheep to your flock here's a mobile and four-loader nail yes sir I love your show man you got the best show in the world in the universe and like a first time call or long time listener but okay we have an open line of bread at least he did something different they besides the hockey on an whatever was soccer when I five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's my me beach hello Miami Beach going once going twice can they do it on the beach that's the question oh they can't get to law open line in day one in brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line mobile in Miami hello yes sir I don't know why are you people just like so plan I don't I just can't understand you know I I think I've been going through with my father for three four years now you know he he in my uncle has seen and taken them all who went away I took over my you know he said that I am bare same and I can't go to the game with him anymore because I don't stand up how do you like that I mean how do you like that tell him that he embarrasses you by portraying a force you to stand up at a bunch of cramp oh I'm missing we've been I just like the case out of his post I can't get a sense of the question maybe how about all of the legal what is it or at Booker Brian what is that call yeah I'm thinking in tongues yeah that one alright okay we got some tongue for about a quarter of a pound here five seventy five speaking in tongues those of you who like to wrestle with snakes okay who don't want to see it on can't speak with me and like my mother says nobody wants to see a guy with a snake there's that flot monical a winsky out there standing in front of some court whatever in hell they're doing up there on CNN oh God we're supposed to feel for mom feel sorry for monical okay who took the dress home to mommy who's a right-knorr book and you're ready we're in a screen play and then we'll be at center and so on who was so put upon so to speak so used in abuse and who's was so disappointed she didn't get in the apology she ought to make a speech on nationwide TV she could put 10 words together and a apologize to the whole country for dragoners through this on our presidential leap ahead for being a slut for being a two-faced slut it's one thing to be a slut guys like sluts they don't like two facelots they don't like the kiss and tell slots a lot of bring down the whole government because there are a bunch of uh... idiotic bitches who's waiting for the president to uh... give her back that them engagement ring oh yeah i still got that i said this story in the god damn uh... star the that area goes in the star you know it must be true right uh... you bet i thought bill was gonna marry me i mean talk about a starry i princess a simple and a crazy simple bitch and we're supposed to be a sorry for poor monica who's got a relips on the pulse of america we have an open line in brown five six seven five sixty pomp five sixty on the eighteen two world of slob and you as well as an immediate by the way shame on you two because you don't want to put the right perspective on a you don't want to put the right spin on it you're spending something but i don't know what that is here's plantation hello hey first time call her long time listener i got to okay you know this uh... quit must add a few cocktails before he got involved with her i'll tell you that much evidently or needs a good idea i have a uh... beware story what a beware uh... story uh... it's story i i i rented a little uh... little unit five by five by ten which was a forty six dollar investment for months and then uh... i was twenty days late night call up and they said oh you got to come down here pay sixty you have late charges well that's fine and then you get there on the thirty a stay where you want to move everything out and and you're basically staying almost a hundred percent later charges is there anything in this country or on this earth that charges a hundred percent interest uh... so i got okay thank you he rented a little unit while yes everybody's gonna have one even a bit small one we have an open line in day one and brown five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two world of rebrothers you have your the to illegal defense people are right to counsel and ninety to ninety you're so bright to council when you wanted to united did you deny yourself a right to council when you wanted to advocate to help get a child did you deny yourself a right to council when you want to do so i'll rent out because he's landed you and you ever denied your so far right to council when you start out in attorney even here at ftl when you felt you would be screwed by another radio station in Palm Beach. Have you ever missed a cane? It seems we have touched a nerve with you, Mr. No, you've touched a nerve that I'm fed up with you a crap now. You're not going rolling back one day. I'm fed up with you a crap now. The thing people are entitled. I know you're going back. I get off the air. You sure. All right. 31 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in Dave one in Broward 560 pump. I've 60 on the AT&T line. So Rob Kaplan just walks in with some great news. First of all, we shouldn't have been on the first place on Sunday because it's just filling blank times what that was. Which is why they stuck them on their back to back 10-30-1130. Over and over and over and over and see that neurotic repetition not good. It's bad. Like sure, in March 72 times in the same night. But nevertheless, so we're going to have Bobby Bowman Steve Spurrier to the world's biggest redneck back to back and sports time because we got to capitalize that out of football season, baby. So a couple of Sundays will be gone on Sunday's all together. And then Friday at a 30-that's conquers. We got to put 10 on there and that's quantity under Fed DT who looks like it about crane after two years at Auschwitz. And other than that, we're doing great. We had like a one in Tuesday last night. One in Tuesday. So what's the, hey, I guys compared to some of the other stuff, huh? That they're raving about by the way in variety magazine that generation N.A. Oh, yeah, do you see what they said about that? Oh, that's kicking some serious pimple gas. That generation N.A. isn't it, N.A. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hello, Neil. That's what the else is asked, Clint. He says, no, it's not generation N.A. kicking ass that the generation N.A. isn't yet. Yes, sir? Neil. Yes. Hi, I have a question about the satellite. This I just got the small dish. Yes. And there's a station whammy on that. That's not the same as the station you're on. Is it unfortunately no? Okay. This is a totally different network. Yeah, it's got nothing to do with that. Oh, okay. W A M I is the callators of Channel 69. Okay. The only way to get me is either I'm cable or like with a U H F. Rabbiters. Oh, the R. Something. The rabbit here is work well. Oh, sure. Okay. Great thing. Okay, see Okay, don't forget we got Maz tonight. 637 30 11 o'clock 11 30 over and over and over again. More Allen older than anybody in the world could ever stomach. I can't stand Allen all the by the way or the guy with a big nose. What does his name? Jamie Farms. Jamie Farms. We should go far. Okay. Since they took the crazy shows off the area. You want to see him no more than God. Since they took the pyramid off the year. Man, oh man. May I show all boy. We got some real town and a little Gary what else his name? Gary. Gary. Jack off. He ain't on there no more. Well, we got mash episodes. See the whole concept of this local programming. It's going to be new and revolutionary. So now we got the monsters. Got a nature Saturday. We got the monsters. The three stooges. We got all the cartoons which Fox Channel 70. Gary. So they take the slap over from that. We got the what's your name? Mother love and your mama on there with the forgive them forget you'd be forgiven. I'd be forgetting mother love. Your mama. And now we got mash on air. We're just like we just an experiment which we knew that in the first place. In fact, God, they got a guarantee to pay us for a year. Oh, thank. I always like that normal candy. You know what? Somebody ought to make sure he gets his sports tickets because boy he takes care of business. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Oh, Neil. Even if he was very rude to Steve. Yes, sir. Quick question. Are you on it one thirty anymore or if that nothing else to do or one thirty. You mean in the morning? Yeah. Yeah, they have nothing else to stick in that they can make a fantastic. For a given forget was on a one thirty last night. Yeah. Since when? That's right. Beats a hell out of me. Nobody's going to swear. What off. We had a foreshare in here at four o'clock. Maybe they're sticking us at four. That's the only place we get a number. Yeah. We're wrong. So the way to be wanted to put it in for one foot and you'll mama on there and one thirty in a morning for given forget. I wasn't you. I'm sure that. You sure? I kind of walked up again lately. He didn't have for yamma call. Oh, that's the tip off. That's how you can tell between me and Ed Jo Momma there is she don't wear the schmata. I don't think he's going to find out from the audience if we're honored not. This is this is some operation man. I say slammy the whammy. A question about sports channel tonight carrying the devil range. Right. Who said they're carrying the devil's race game? I don't think they can carry any game. It's a SPN. I don't think they carry anything. I think a cable channel can't. They can carry it over the air. I think cable channels can't. Well, why so why I don't understand. So why is that? How come? How come sports channel then wouldn't pre-amp that game to show us the Marlon's cardinals game if they have a right to it to do that? I would ask you. Maybe they can't show the local game in the local area and pre-amp you know what I'm saying? I know when I'm in Atlanta the brains are on TBS. What's out? Right. I know what that is with Ernie Johnson. One hell's he got he's this guy's retired more damn times already. Get rid of him. I think he given him checks what the hell that must be just like me. Yeah. Have a good one. Okay, thank I have no idea. I wish I could answer the question it seems awfully stupid. We're getting ripped off. Maybe the Humper with his contact to the ESPN can make a phone call and threaten to blow the building up or something like that. People want to see Mark McGuire. They don't care about it. But these games are meaningless now. They're showing us the braves that a guy damn Astros. Okay. I mean two good teams. A lot of good players. Randy Johnson Regmatic. Great. We don't want to see it. We want to see the Mark McGuire. We want to see big Mac smack it. And of course the people upstairs. I don't say that. It's a radio only. Radio only. Like it's going to make it there and guess what you know something and this only gets 75 bucks is spot if they can sell them on a morning games because guess what after they did not play in a cardinals normal. Oh gee, don't say that true. Like I said 35 bucks is spot. We have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I do a certain. Okay. You know I agree what you say with the require. I don't think it should be a money issue. Let me ask you this. If all the fans like how those home run balls that I wanted to keep it. I mean, uh, what would they probably still call me an asshole? What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, oh, you know, you know, you won't give a win. So what do you care what they call. I mean, that's it. Oh, no. It just so happened that these kids were real, uh, nice kids and they weren't looking to get rich or anything like that. They're little kids and they just got a big thrill. They were there for the thrill of the the baseball. We have so little of that left in sports anymore at all at any level that people should be saying this is the greatest thing that is even more exciting than I'm hit the home runs. I'm telling this because I mean, I got a buddy. I don't want to name Danny. But yeah, Danny, you know, but I have to be a king. Oh, you're out of here. Look at that. No, I'm catching you. All you had to do is mention Danny. You normally started swearing again. Well, I'm telling you, well, I mean, this guy will not be a robot. I can't see a man in front of money. So I know you're going to keep this. I mean, like they call man. So which is by the way. But, uh, you know, it goes Neil, can I call somebody back? No. What's that was he talking about? What was that? We have two open lines in date, 567560 and Power 560 on the 18 T. Wireless line. See that guy should stand up when they do the prayer because I think he could use the help 22 before two at five. You buy 16 QA. Yeah. Yeah, just tell me what your problem. It's a well known fact that men love to fart. But it's also a well known fact. One out of every 15 Farts you blow can hurt in one way or another. Whether it's the stomach disruptor or the sharp anus pain, wow, some Farts just hurt. So in order to avoid this problem, you need ring grow. A trick used by gay men for centuries, ring grow actually wide and zirainus giving your Farts more room through which to pass. Ring grow is easy to use and not recommended by any doctors. Just insert before bedtime. There all night and when you wake up in the morning, your finger will be ready to pass even the toughest Farts. Ring grow with the need more room to fart or you're just a gay guy that needs an excuse to buy one. What are yours today? You know, I thought one of the really refreshing, a breath of fresh air yesterday when Elizabeth from Pembroke, France called an admitted that not only she crude and we even crude are the time but Farts like a race horse and probably sticks up the joint every time. She said they are the word disgusting in the studio and race. Thanks for admitting that Elizabeth for fencing up. Let's go to somewhere, mobile in Miami. Hello. You know, yes sir. Hey Neil, you know, this is the choir guy. He's got no pressure on him Neil. Everybody's given his dad curtain call. Oh, okay, great. Let's go to a pinecris stall. Thank God, Neil, you hung up on him. I wouldn't even, you know, I wouldn't even dignify these assholes by getting excited about it. You know, I think they're going to crank my chain like I give a crap about them. I actually call them a choir thing but a quick note before I mentioned that my girlfriend is a little prizy thing. She's a boy. She can rip them sometimes. I tell you, it's a nice show. She always does it when she thinks I'm not around. We're clearing jobs, yeah. Oh, it's amazing. She's a little house-up and it's a little good. Do something so you will be this and about the McGuire thing. You are dead on about those kids. I couldn't believe that when those kids did that for and the one we got little kids killing each other, shooting teachers, do I, you know, killing that little girl in Chicago? All these average grotesque things go on. We finally have one positive story, something really nice that, you know, everybody's focused in on this McGuire situation and we got an asshole call here today trying to pee on the parade. I'm going to tell you something man, this is not a place for living people. This is a place for people who have a death wish. And that asshole that said Mark McGuire should have given him some money. Yeah. Mark McGuire walked into an abused children's shelter. Give them a million dollars. Well, I wrote a check on the spot. Right. You know, I like to see a million dollars. That's pretty nice. Also, in the, while I was at the game yesterday, I was so ashamed of the self-water fans. They kept booing McGuire when he struck out and when he had a baby. He got a single. He gets a single. He goes to first space and he was laughing about it with a Marlon first basement because like, you know, what, you could tell a look on his face. Like, what am I supposed to do? I got a base hit in their boom because I didn't hit it all morning. And this morning I heard guilty that little ass sucking twerp on our morning show admit that he was in the upper deck booing him to when he only got a base hit. I'm going to tell you something man, we, we've got the most sour crowd in the history of mankind. He'll be in one of those little fart rings. No, he needs a guy damn bus trip to know where is what he needs. And we, we're going to say, we're going to say, we're going to say, I don't want to say, Bob, that it more seem like a hurt McGuire. He brought it up in the press conference because he was, you know, they were booing me. I, you know, he said, I'm sorry. I was trying them. And, and the, and the funniest, you know, and you want to know why, they're not, don't you understand those people. They're not rooting for him. They're rooting for themselves so that they could, they could justify the fact that they spent the money or somebody spent the money for those tickets that they could be there to be part of something important to make them to make their ego a little bit bigger. Don't you understand? Then I rooting for him. And the, the, the, the, the, the, the, they're for themselves to feed their own egos. Oh, I was there. Oh, and maybe I'm going to catch the ball. It was a, it was a pleasure to watch it. You, you, as soon as they said that ball was off as bad and you, that was gone as real. That was, that was definitely a thrill for me. One of the top five or 10 sporting events I've seen. One other quick thing about that was that the McGuire, that they also at the press conference, are wonderful press court down here. They must have asked him 20 questions about Sammy Sosa. And after the second question, he just had a standard answer because I have to worry about Mark and Glyra and our team. Yeah. And these idiots from the press kept asking, well, what about this about Sammy? What about, oh, sure, because they're, they're trying to stir the pot. Don't understand, they're trying to create a controversy like there's some rivalry between us to guys, which there's not. He, I think you really wanted to take his home run bat and whack it across their heads. Oh, I wish you the lot. You used a lot of stuff control, you know, and the, it is that get that in the same question. Oh, my god, get a light. Well, he's no Ellie was, oh, it wasn't one more question. What happened to Joe Rose's gap? Oh, he, I, I've been burst into that. That's long time ago. I'm burst into a filling the gap. All right. Thank you. Okay. See you. Actually, we're not in bug gaps stock after that. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Don't talk about that market because it was up about 120 now. It's only up 86 in the NASDAQ 41, which that's pretty impressive, but it's not even to a clock yet. So, it'll get to excited just relax just don't move too much and the market too. Here's the open part, Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Good chill. Boy, you sure change your theory on baseball, I said, no, I'm not. I said, it's become very boring, but when there's something you're exciting going on, I'll watch it and get looked up in the front. Why don't I? And you got to deal with it on that interview with McGuire about, uh, you have to leave it up to the man upstairs. He think he was talking about. I got a three-part question here for you. Who do I think he was talking about? He thought he was talking about Wayne, Roy or Blank God. Okay. If there's anybody from out of town in town, we apologize, but that's the best we can do because that's what we got here. Okay. Bunch of deadheads. Guys with real great senses of humor, not. So I'm going to tell you something on a personality scale from 0 to 100. You are minus infinity. That's how far down a list you are. You owe so many points that we couldn't count that high. Even the national debt isn't even in the same category with the points you owe. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Anya? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Long time no see. There's time caller. I'm just calling it's like, no, I love your show and that it's a congratulations at the show and also letting know that you're the only guy that I got my wife to listen to. That's how good you are. Really? Yeah. How do you got to tie it up into room closet somewhere? That's right. That's way to do it. And love ain't what they. Okay. Go get some. He loves anal sex. There you go again. Oh, I'm sorry Elizabeth. It lives a bit just reached over and twisted it. Not the dial. We have an open line in Broward 56050505060. So the good news is you know, a fat Joe comes in here. Oh, I'm here. Rob's going to come in and talk to you. We got real good. Ray Rob comes in and Rob comes here to tell me that they're taking us off on Sunday. They're sticking about your redneck football ass holes on there. And you know, we got variety magazine where I'm at. He don't even mention the show. Yeah. Really great stuff. They really treat us with respect over there at that button for outfit. The boy they sure like those monsters show. Yeah. Even now. Look here. Even now Lewis is embarrassed by Lewis is embarrassed by it. It's you know, it's you know something the NFL. Something the NFL ain't worth the crap since red cash and return. It's not worth the crap. Here's an event here. Hello. Yeah, sir. What's up? Are you doing? Fire show. Yeah. What's up with the blue. Beanie. What do you mean by that? Oh, no. I was just kind of shocked that I saw that. I was like, uh, we're going to expect to get from you. I were a beanie every night on this show. I haven't caught it every single night. Everybody who sees it can see how ridiculous it looks to wear a beanie. But I want to ask you on question and don't take the tar wake as I love you. Yeah. So what's up with the eyebrows? It looks like you got fish on there. I do. I will. I'm coming. I've got an oyster. It gets the food. What they would want to fix it. That's the group staffer. Are you listening to what I'm saying? I'm sure you're watching to critique the, uh, whatever it is. No, of course I listen. I'm just care if I'm, it's the left one. Don't worry about what I look like. Okay, sir. Just listen what I have to say and enjoy it. Sit back and have a great life. Okay. He's taken notes of what color the shirt is. We got over that the first the second or third week. Okay. Get with the program. What's with the eyebrows? What you see is what you get. That's what they ask Andy Rooney to. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm glad I don't have to rely on the sports station for this information. Fox Sports has announced that they'll be televising all of Mark McGuire's games from September 11 to the 13th. If you reach a 60 home runs. Who cares about that September 11 through the 13th. Well, that's what I thought I mean from here to 11. He's got all 87 and the, the days only the second is September. Well, Justin Casey does an effects on Fox Sports will interchange and they'll be showing the games and ESP tweak. We'll be televising next Monday's opener of the club's cardinal game. Well, they're really dropping the ball done out. I'll tell you this is a really bad mistake they're making. In the fact that the Marlins can't televised tonight and that ESPN is putting on a mean with brave astros game. Just absolutely unconscious. I thought it was I think that we had to blame for it. No, it's ESPN you have to blame for. They've got the exclusive ones that I write and they're putting on first it was going to be the Indians and the angels and then they switched to the braves and the Astros because they think America wants to see Greg Maddox and Randy Johnson. Who gives a crap about Greg Maddox and Randy Johnson when you got a guy that's going to break a record instead for five million years. What are these people thinking about it? Yes, they're not. Well, we want Mark McGuire. Love you Neil. Okay, sweetheart. Bye. Yeah, maybe Tony Broo got some laughing gas and give it all the executives there at ESPN and they can't get their astray and data. Their astro-stray and die. Very, very bad stupid idiotic decision by ESPN and thank God I'll be at the track plunging my brains out. You don't have to worry about relying on ESPN to show us what people really want to see. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. What do you all worry about? I'm surprised that you shouldn't. ESPN's going to go to McGuire's at that. That's the only reason to watch that game. But that's not the point that this kind of new do other people who now want who wants to tune in and sit and wait to the Atlanta Houston game to see when hell he's going to come up. I don't want to do that. You want to watch the Marlins while you while you're waiting for it? Sure. It's coming. I don't have the release of brave. It's coming really. I love watching the brave. The brave's got a free entertaining team to watch. I like the brave's a lot but I've seen enough brave's already the last of the lifetime. Well, this could be a prelude to the National League Championship. I mean, I don't know what their friends doesn't make a prelude to the National League Championship. When it becomes the National League Championship, then we'll see it. I don't know. I'm going to see McGuire to get his home runs tonight or not whichever way it goes. Yeah, the bad, bad choice foul, bad choice. The check must be in the mail for me, SPN. Bad choice, okay. I don't just want to see the isolated it, but I want to see the guy named game. I want to see any other stuff that may have it. And I don't want to see like after the fact like Fox does. Yeah, Fox was doing that. I was watching the cups and the reds also last night. And like long after the fuck after the fire. Fact. Fuck, I said. Yeah, that's what happened to the American public. They got screwed. Long after the fact that Sean Reefe of those do. That's right. Long after that. Yeah. Here's pepper. Fine. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Yes, sir. Hey, two quick things. First off, you know that the price of ever since you started talking about fish food more and more. Yeah. The prices gone up. Yeah. I mean, that's good. Otherwise you think did by now. Oh, I mean, jeez. You know, I'm a little skinny kid just like what's just like with cigarettes, man. They got to get up to about 10 bucks a pack to save our lives. Yeah. And you know, do you know why the game's not on? Actually, you know, sports channel did have the choice to be able to do it, but because they got that stupid agreement where they show 70 games of the devil raise and 70 games in the mountains. They said they won't switch. They won't switch. So what is it is Wayne? So it is. It is that they've all had a son of a bitch. It's been this partly to fall because they're a bunch of damn idiots too. Yeah. You know, you know, that really sucks. But they just guys tell me what's a prediode of the possible. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but we don't want to want to play. Okay. Not the first time the brave's have played the Astros. They've been playing all week and who the hell cares already. Okay. I want to hear. I want you to be good, but I want to see his big unit. Yeah, but I'm like it to me. Okay. Let's go. Oh, God. What a thought that is. If there's any anybody he makes out gold seed. Look like a poster child. I ran the Johnson. If there's anybody grosser in a human race. Here's a mobile in dear field Beach, yellow. Hey, Neil. I'm going to see the game tonight with my girlfriend. We're not real big baseball fan. Yeah. Just kind of wanted to be a part of it. Why don't I? I read the paper this morning. The sun said no, I thought it was great to those two kids gave the ball back and I don't think everybody's got to go out for all the money and that's just. Okay. Well, I have a great time. Okay. Here's a call spring, so. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Great. Listen, I just got back and incredible ice up here and call spring. Yeah. Don't bunch it up here. There's a practice in today. Yeah. And let's see, allow us to see a fool around. If guys are bunch of great guys, church, the claim was in goal. Of course, need of my. It looked pretty good. I guess they have no headaches today. Yeah. But he missed an open net. Why do we? Oh, I think we need to have our head examined. Yeah. Well, maybe it'll create a good. I think they're going to be practicing tomorrow morning too. Maybe we'll take them up there. Oh, great. Interesting. Hey, have a good day. Okay. You too. He went to practice. You know, I think about people that go to skimming just in practice. But anyway, what is that? Why do people go to practice? Well, because practice makes perfect. Is that what it is? Oh, God. You're going to rub that thing. Ross, we'd art. So anyway, I'm going to see that we're reading another something worth while I'm going to be entertained over there. And I'll probably say, hey, by the way, this is where your seat used to be. But we never got your check. So some hassle and probably Mitch is going to be sitting in those seats in 101. Mitch and Andy from Hollywood, they're going to be sitting side by side. And the seats that I would have had if the post office ever delivered my guide to mail. Okay. Don't forget, Hank's coming out in the next from P.P. Park, formerly known as you know what and probably not eating any of that horrendous food. If they're chickens up there with diarrhea, you're in big trouble at the Kohlsky amphitheater. But nevertheless, our guarantee we got a lot of guys out there going to get stoned and go over there. Well, that's a prerequisite. If you're going to go see the almond brothers, must you get stoned? No, you're come on. Okay, he's easy. So we'll give those away today. Lots and lots of stuff. Either are the Pompano Park programs. And then there's a simultaneous programs that have the other tracks that have the simultaneous racing from on your little TV. So, and there's this other big, heavy set woman, this fat bitch, is standing there next to the other lady who's like, I know her. I don't know this other fat bitch. And so I said, okay, I need the new Rogers and you know, and she owes me two for a Pompano and three simultaneous programs. And she starts reaching to give them to me and to write it down. And this other woman, this other person, Pat, this other woman, looks at me and says, what do you need three for? Just do in fact, rich, just do in rich. And as I started to say, our friend Derek gets the other Sableke, Ted's a snail, my good buddy from Pompano Park came while walking over there. He gets as many as he wants. Give him whatever it is, he wants. And I said, boy, looks like he got the Gestapo out here tonight, Ted. And just want you to stop and think about this. I'm the only friend that they've got in the media. I'm the only person that even recognizes that harness racing exists. I love it. Next to hockey, greatest sport to me in the world is harness racing. I love it. They, and if she didn't know who I was, that would have made it maybe a little bit different. But she knows who I am. She knows the Cushino's rich. And she looks at me as a, what do you need three for? I felt like saying, because if I have a bad night, maybe I can sell it for the two bucks, bitch. Well, I want you to stop and think about what motive would anybody have for wanting an extra program that they're not entitled to? What am I going to do with it? Am I going to wipe my goddamn recum with it, Pat? You idiot? You bullseye? You're a simple, thin bitch. And as I got on the elevator and I went upstairs, I thought to myself, you know something right there, that incident is minor as it was. That is reflective of what makes this town what it is. That's right. Nasty, hostile, just miserable, and we want you to be miserable too. Absolutely unacceptable. I'm like a bitch slap that pat, okay? Like I had it with a two by four. So instead of that, I'll just rip her on here for four hours today. Man, oh, man or shove. It's what? What do you, what do you need to throw on for? What do you need three for? Because I'm going to put one over your big fat ugly post. That's why I'm going to wallpaper my house with her, okay? Pat whoever to have you are. You just stop all lady. Eva Brown, Jr. I'm going to sell it. I'm going to go out and pawn it on the street corner so I can have gas money to get home. So I have to turn pie to hold a good home. That right there was South Florida. And that of course, like I said, I get in the car and I'm coming home and I'm listening to these assholes. My favorite call on the etiquay show and the time I was listening going home last night was a guy that calls him, I'm not a baseball fan. And this is the epitome of what this town's all about in relationship to sports. I don't know how we have a guy named sports station here or how these guys manage to do their shows every day because people here know nothing about sports. Maybe 10 forget it. 5% of the people here have any clue what it's all about or what they're talking about. This guy says, what you're on that baseball fan, but I went out there tonight and boy, sure was exciting. And that McDonald guy, he's a guy that he's big. The McDonald guy. And it says his name is McGuire. Mark McGuire. Oh yeah, well, you know, he's got thighs that are as big as my because I'm a skinny guy in my waist and I'm going to tell you, when I saw that McDonald guy had click and a capitol in ballistic and rightfully so. He said, you know, the big max of it McDonald's, but his name is McGuire, Mr. Assel, Mr. Assel. And that was one of the better calls, by the way. And a bunch of other sour pushes all what, you know, the drugs and then of course Linda Robertson who doesn't know or ask from her elbow, she ought to elope with Pat. Oh, I got all kinds of crap here today. I'm loaded. I am loaded. Where's that stupid order? Oh, yeah, mimic Mac. It's natural. Says Linda Robertson, back to that andro stuff again about testosterone and steroids. And this and that and the kids are going to I'm going to blend the blow it out your ass. Okay. Now Mark, I said, we got more people worried about who's going to catch the ball and now they're going to get any money for it. Then about here's something really exciting and the great that's happening and those two kids yesterday morning who are all over getting interviewed now for being made into big superstars because they did something, you know, something nice. We don't want a lot of money. We don't want any money. We want some souvenirs. We want autographs. It was exciting. It's a ball game period. Oh, my God, what a breath of fresh air. And people are not getting them. Like the guy that calls me yesterday. It's all what you know, McGuire was a really good guy. He'd reached into his pocket and given them a few grand for it. All a million, he's making it. And here's a guy to give a million dollars to kids, charities and they're not just not not not not not not even what's his name. Never heard Tony Orlando never heard so many so much knocking on the doors. The knocking that goes on here. Not three million times. That should be the theme song for this town. That was now 121.