Sports Radio 560WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rodgers Show, a documentary called 560560 toll free for date in Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the easily broadcast group. Now Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 560QAM, it works the lotion in the basket. I ride, we've not removed, it should take a day, let us just put a nanny to it's own. I ride, I ride, I want to wake up and see if cities don't exist, hope in thin air and tell that God will save them. We're really pissed, you're on the ice game, that little piece of shit. Ain't yet move away, I'll get some of the makeup hits from the blue door, the sound has just to go off that now. We all know we're going to bomb, oh I ride, I ride. Okay Ayera Wake up and see there's tunnels all month or fifty and say that with number one for the heat We can't be seen, but can't we have one? Ah, I'm in our hands. One and a half today. Let's take your heart to the bottom of this. That old Zahra. Ah, when all the fortune there, I'll do a show with that kick there and say good bye. Ah, I'm right. I'm right. Thank you, did. Ouch. So 10-04-05-60WQM, let's hear it. There you go. We're going to bond into the stone age. If you have a good time, see if the Bootsman would have done it right in 1991, we wouldn't have to be in there doing this all over again. But you know something? We are. And I say, ah, right. Is what I say. And of course, there are assholes out there like Robert Greeper, who knows he running to board today. What is the story? We're doing this running around here. Oh, he just running around being a jackass. If I've told him once, I've told him nine times that, you know, he better get with the program. I think that before anybody gets elected to public office in this country, they ought to be subjected to a rabies test. Well, seriously, because we had some rabid lunatics running around last night, I've trapped a lot of course, who's busy attacking, you know, let's see, Jews and blacks and the fags and the who else. Everybody else. Put the maniacs, alcohol, they're all the same. And he had definitely needed the rabies test, but Gerald Solomon of New York. Oh, what is with it? Usually, you know? Right in the middle of Hanukkah, we've got this problem. Some of our most embarrassing people have been turned loose, and we can't put a leash on him. You've had Monica Lewinsky and her rabid mother. You've got the ultra rabid, Alusian gold bird. Who might leave him out? Robert Greeper? There you go. I've told him, nine hundred times. And now we got Gerald Solomon that rabid, a little bit of congressman from New York, who's on their last night. Right after we started seeing the bomb is bursting in air, we were all going, you know, like that. And he gets on there on CNN. And he is carrying on like a man who is just on acid. I mean, just out of his mind, out of control. How could he do this? And then of course within a couple of hours, you know, some of the more reasonable people are saying, well, you know, we talked to the Secretary of State, and we talked to the Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, as a former Republican Senator from Maine, and we were briefed him and beat pedigable. And I guess what we think this is the right time. And it's okay. And speech will have to go on the back burner for a day or two or three or four, while we're bombing into the Stone Age. Since they're over there busy making the anthrax and other, you know, chemical weapons, etc. So here we are, boys and girls, and so far this morning, 74% of the American public are saying, yeah, we like it. We support it. We like it, we're all for it. Only 13% say, oh, we don't like it. And the rest of us are saying, where? And if that's what they're saying, listen, if you went out on this is the honesty got true. By the way, there's the Iraqi Foreign Minister, who says, no, no, we can condense it down. He said, oh, if he said, but if you went out on the street and you had a map of the world, if you had a globe, not an ol' boy, you, but when I was a kid, I had a globe of the world, okay? Which was very helpful. Plus I was a stamp collector as a kid, which was totally useless as far as making any money with it, but nevertheless, I learned, uh, mags, uh, coach, uh, whatever that thing was from hungry, and all life good stuff, including countries that don't exist anymore, like say, line, which is now that little turd that tree-lank under that the India, you turd dumped out. But at any rate, so I learned like where the different countries in the world were, and even where all the different states are. And yeah, I think that most of us who've gotten IQ larger than our thumbnail can look at a map of the US without any names on the state. I'm like, tell you, here's New York, and here's Indiana, and here's Oklahoma. Yeah, I think most people, I'm not talking about intellectuals. I'm not talking about rockets, I'm just talking about rationing. I'm just talking about rational ordinary people who've got any modicum of intelligence, who do not be asking too many questions. They can figure out finger outward is, but if you were to ask them to point out Iraq on the map of the world, on the globe, they couldn't do it. They couldn't even begin to know where the stick is. They would be looking in there. Right, don't even all over the place. See, a little bit of education, I know what's the dangerous thing, but let me tell you one thing. It puts the notion in the basket. That's right. For whatever that means. And then, of course, Fred Grimm this morning, right? So, I don't know what to make of these columnists. You know, everyone, about once a year, somebody's guys write a good column. Like Fred Grimm, he wrote a great column here a couple of months ago that I was raving about on the year. I figured what it was about. Silence, not golden. And he's writing about how most of us are rational, you know, we support bubble and we're against the impeachment and this and that and play, shall got a big in calls. And he thinks it was a set up deal. And he's looking about for impeachment. And then in the end, he talked about how Hillary has fallen strangely. Silent right now. Like what is she supposed to be saying about this? Huh? I mean, the only thing Hillary is probably muttering a lot of these days is that's fucking bitch. Yeah, like that. Probably not in his quite as deep a voice as we barely, but similar sentiment. He says most of us, even in Democratic Grower, they're right there with Hillary a groundswell of being unquiet. In other words, they thought that once the impeachment thing got on the verge of that, everybody was going to be screaming and carrying on. And it was big, you know. But I think now that we decided we're going to over there and bond the submission. And by the way, the air raid sirens went off about a half an hour ago. Now, yesterday about a half hour after they first went off. The bomb was started bursting near. Okay, we saw the anti-correct fire first. And then we realized that the cruise missiles were dropping all over the place. And this is going to be a daily event. So it is now like a nine minute factor six in the PM and over and bag that. How come Dan Raddivy? The way can't figure out eight hours ahead. Did you see that last night? It was shortly after five after the attack started. And he's on there saying, well, let's see. If so, one o'clock at the morning, oh, a two o'clock. Isn't it a two o'clock at the morning? No, Dan. It's eight hours. Five plus eight is like midnight plus one. That's a, you know, follow over. No, it's two in the morning. How much is he's making about 20 million dollars a year? I love Dan Raddivy. Don't get me wrong. He can't add, but he sure can multiply. So what's the frequency, Dan? Not sure if he is not kind of embarrassing. Don't you think Walter Kronkut is sitting back in his chair with his big. With something in his post, how rump thing and saying, what's the matter with you, Dan? Yeah. Can't you figure out eight hours? I mean, like eight hours from now is that ten after six p.m. Isn't it? Last night, my check. So it's dark over there right now, and it's going to get a lot darker, I think. Ten minutes after ten at five, 60, WQM. You got it. No, it's not inside him. A lot more than done. They say they're with us. The man's the girl at some. I say we're standing. A couple may have the time. I'll be around. All right. In the Gulf of Austin, then in the hospital. I think it's time to give his brother a hold. So it's time to know those people to honor him. Ow! I'll be around until there's nothing left to see. I'll be around until Saturday, 60, five here on. Blow up the tree. I'll be around. Yeah. And then say it's got some sun. They're coming closer to the sun. I'll be around. You're playing with the sun. We're going to do it. Because I'm in the house for this day. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. Okay. Let's go over with three or four days. Yeah. I'll be dropping it again very soon. It's dark. It's getting dark. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll maybe right at Monday or Tuesday to Monday. Me tendermen or I roleized again, Pretty soon if we get you know if we figure out enough loot additional be down in nine percent If you take out your ol' Solomon and Trent Laud it's already down to a little underdying percent I think right Robert what do you expect from Robert? He's had a tough life, you know? He probably he probably saw that the hustle and magazine they held up at the hockey game on the thing last night He's probably going to a change of life right now. Well, what's that what are those and what's that? Yeah, what's that here we thing Yeah, somebody last night since we do need more entertainment Although we didn't have a very entertaining game last night night's going on birthday times We'd heart-played a great game for us about time once I told you once a month He'll play like that then the rest of the time he's in the toilet But that was very entertaining at the macaroon We had a good crowd of raking thousand last night a little later arriving because I'm sure many of you want to stay home to watch the bombs bursting in air Watch Cristiana Amon tour and in fact we were taking it. You know, I'm not really sure do we want to get Sodom first or her. I'm not really sure What would give me greater pleasure? I mean, obviously we want to give him which is not you know That's gonna be very difficult. Any hers a piece of cake Kind of as a payback for the crap that she pulled on a pope was down in Cuba and she was the she had her pom-poms in her little cross And you know and her rosary beads was doing her cheerleading routine posing as a news catcher during that time And my favorite moment of the evening last night was when she just said oh, there's just a bullet just hit up here on the road I don't think I'm going any closer. This is gonna be my vantage point and not the next as far as I'm going right there. Okay That was beautiful So we'll find out if the public is whipped up and we'll friends you about this today Okay, I said nice going life now. I do I you know we had some more technical problems. I heard the guy talking about it this morning Luckily after the first period we got those straight now to meet $200 million macaroon, which we just can't seem to get our hands together First period penalty clock Special aid gets a dumb penalty and the penalty clock does it work? No, it's sitting there And other announcing and then delay in the game see these delays these pondress delays I mean it makes you think I'm not ever gonna get there a lot of hearing you wonder why all those people leave like It's getting to be two in the morning. It's about time we better get home Because by the time we get home, it's gonna be time to get up and go to work in the morning So it's kind of not conducive to people sticking around to the rain and believe me they don't they do not We've got a whole week got thousands of people to come to the sporting event and after the second period The scores one one makes no difference time to go home Time to go home they're gone and you'll look up at the dwelling must be out getting another we need another beer something They'll take us gone they're not coming back. They're gone How come I'm hearing that echo back I might is that because we're on this other line today something really weird perhaps Well, I don't care. I'm not gonna worry about And one of the things that I found you know So we had the disruptions with the penalty clock with the final got fixed and then we had the horn go off Thank God they kept playing the horn was two in somebody was two in during the game last night. No two in during the game by the way You understand if you got it Thank you no two in while the game is in progress three times in the same short span of time the your horn went off briefly And then And people are like what's going on here what kind of a bush league operation is this but speaking of bush league my favorite moment of that game last night in the third period Stubborns who's in a coma. You know, he's a squeaky guy's ever real bad slow-bright now Nice going Marty struck him by the way, but then he rate He's skating across the center. Why he's got the puck in the crowd start going Stooosh light like the old days. I guess what he don't play for us anymore. Okay, they do that in Pittsburgh He's one of them now These people as they need instruction this little button struck. No, be okay 26 after 10 at 5 60 W QM But Whichy Martin But you have a witchy in your role Now turn the record over for a wreckage like which lesson number two. I think number two just is Open over again. Okay, it's 10 31 by the way, even little Jimmy Carter. Remember Jimmy anybody remember him? No from planes Joe Joe. No, I don't remember him, but anyway, he even he's saying that anybody who would even dare suggest Anybody who would have the audacity to suggest that there's political motivation behind this since we've known it's coming Anyway for a weeks and months now anybody who would suggest that should probably be taken out a course with it very least or something including Gerald Solomon and especially Trent Lock rabbit. Let me say it again rabies test for everybody Okay, we're not getting like a tremendous immediate response here from the audience out there Maybe Fred Grimm is got a point. Maybe they just when you come right down But don't give a flying crap. That could be it Open line and proud all day. They'd had it by the way. They're bombin' Iraq anybody and they heard about it yet. No, okay They're a little slow don't get the message soon as the a cockfight's you're over 560 50560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Gonna be an exciting day here on the show. We're gonna go for 100 grand percent of one right here on the show today guaranteed you can bet you're uh, bet somebody else's life on it Here's a mobile in pop and oh hello Neo Is it okay? Once again last night I've great seats. Yeah, I was in the third row in section 114 And we had this sloppy lady next person she said oh you thought you can possibly be in this seat And um, but where are you gonna be borders on Saturday? We're not gonna be in the fourth. What border in the plantation? sunrise, what about sunrise Boulevard out there in West Broward? Okay, right? Right, the first me just amicose station. Yes. Okay, last thing did you read the article in Newtimes on page five the last uh new times that just came up? No About you definitely need to read it. About what? Yeah It's a manager of how you would honda who they say is racians and because he does a lot of Oaks that you play on the air You got to read it. It's hilarious. Okay great. I'll check it out. Have a great holiday. Whatever you said. What do you say? Okay, we have an open line at Broward 560 50560 by the way We did have some people in front of us last night that I've never seen before and uh I was getting drunk her and drunk her and drunk her and drunk her and And then when they got ready to leave long before the game was over got up and stood in front of me and then turned around said excuse me I'm sorry and then he continued standing in front of me while he tried to uh collect his wife etc And then you know the game was going on though. Don't that's okay, you know don't worry about it We didn't come here to watch your game. We just came here to see your back and see what he can really stand up or not And by the way, have a nice drive home Just I mean tanked out of his mind this guy just bomb plastered all right Let's go to a mobile in Naples, hello What's going on Neil? Yes, sir This CNN is incredible isn't it? They had a meeting we were doing weather reports this morning. Yeah, I Describe in the weather and bag that it's pretty much like saying oh perfect weather for bombing today exactly That's right. We want to know we want to know clear sailing and everybody's going We want to make sure that we want to see the bombs bursting in air. We want to get good footage, you know Yeah, congratulations, we all you worked with the center one. Thank you. We're doing just the phenomenal man Just think took off like a rocket ship. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah, we we the ballad you're a douchebag Yeah nice name too, by the way. Okay, okay, okay, you're a douchebag we we Which brings to mind of course? Well, hey some people think he's a good guy. I like the we we see there you go We have an open line a day two and Broward five six seven oh five 60 and pump five 60 on the mobile one line Well these people are sure fired up about this today. Are they huh? They don't give a crap They're not all a little worked up in a little frenzy. They're just sitting back and then they're rocking chair rocking back and forth waiting for the next shoot and drops the next bond to drop There's Tony Blair or good friend. There And specifically so to frustrate it him. Okay, go and go or say pay regards to Diana again There's our good friends the brit and I don't I don't want to get too curious away about that our good friends there are good friends because they got no other choice. That's right Because we keep bailing their ass out so well, you know every every now and then they pretend that they're our good friends And okay, whatever you say we go along with it because that's the only reason we're here in more life right and by the way how about paying back your warden? No, okay, well we just thought we'd ask Tony Blair he's a good guy. He's not one of those Contupated brits one of those right wing fanatics like Margaret that you're or that boring terminal John major Look like a mannequin in the suit Here's the guy that's got like a little pizzazz. He especially for the British. They don't know what to help them make out of this guy Where we going? Let's go to a north Miami Beach, hello How you doing sir? Yes sir. I'm pissed off about it. I'm I'm a little one about what's going on over there You know and the reason why is because I would I would have liked to have seen this be a more definitive And to a means you know throwing blood, I'm not this was blindly over there and they don't don't think I'm being critical of Of the decision to do it. I think you should have been done all on time. Why do you say blindly? You know, they don't have any of the games. They don't have any of the game plan. Is that what you're saying? This thing has been in the works for months. They in fact are wrong last night detailing All right, no, no, no, no, you don't know what I'm saying when I say blindly. I mean that time on missile is gonna Is gonna hit its target most of the time Okay, but a you know a ground for is an air strike is gonna be more on Target every time Agreed, so you said I would you think we ought to have a ground troop so that what you're saying? I'm saying that is the first time they were there. They should have fed us the damn job Of course, but that's so we can't turn the clock back seven years. Boots didn't do it, you know But doing this is not gonna resolve anything He's still gonna be able to hide everything that he needs to hide. How do you know that? Really if you hear if we knew about it all this time, don't you think he knew about it? And he's been moving troops around and he's moving. I'm not troops, but it is his weapon Around yeah, well, you know, hey, I mean you move your check-a-board Around you know Talk about some maybe the best way to describe it is as a containment exercise and it's to uh, you know Percent in back every time we were gonna have to do this set in back a few years until people over there until he loses any popular support And they started to throw his ass out of there Absolutely, so I have a revolution because they can't sustain anymore That's right. That's the way I feel about it. Yeah That's what I thought every year you know, we'll have like a on account or we'll mark it on account There he's gonna know about it, but nevertheless we'll accomplish what we need to do for three four five days Whatever mistakes and send him back a few years well send him back Into the story right exactly okay. Well, we're on agreement then That just you know You're watching this thing. You know you're watching ABC and Tom broke out describing the possible targets right and you know that they're watching the same new spot Yeah, well, like they don't know where you have that information like they don't know where we want to have right You know that exactly what I mean, and so it's it's really an exercise of fertility unless they do it right Yeah, I don't well, maybe they will I want to see it done right Okay, well, let's like I said maybe nuclear weapons over the weekend It's been happy Ramadan. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay, okay and back to you. Thank you. Okay, two open lines in Dave County He's writing the course of thing. I don't understand. I mean if they did what a watch Godfather three Huh? He got him with his glasses. Okay, right in the neck. I mean here. I'll come there have all these uh Flicks with Saddam as honor they do interviews. I think we ought to sacrifice Barbara Walters sounds good to me Oh, why not? I'd been take a poll on that immediately should we sacrifice Barbara Walters and center-ass over there I'll do the guys are doing an interview. Oh, there you go Bob well come on stick those glasses in his neck. Nice going sweetheart. Who the statue in memory? 21 before 11 at five 60 WQ went real radges is my lover. Well congratulations Get a life Papa's not he's not actually found By low in the away Move on He missed tomorrow But this dog He'll have it his day and I am lifting my leg on your carpet your spark bombs will never end this war And at a blessed day school door to door Ha ha ha ha ha You guys 1045 with 560 WQM. We got Tony Blair on the right side of the screen. We got a dark bag dead 645 PM there time on the left side. I'm seeing it. Just to keep you abreast those who can't be near your TV to see the bombs bursting in air when they start again. Which they haven't quiet. I don't believe that. Yeah, get him off of there. Okay. Tell him by in there. We know she did. Anyway, here's the facts from Ray and Houston who bought our best of stuff and even an ill-teacher for Senator One over the internet. Nice going Ray and Houston. We got your facts. We had a happy holiday at Tidabentawa. Okay, here's the fact another chronic. See the scrolling. I don't even read it. I don't even read it. Okay. Don't even waste my time reading the chronic factors because why would I? Am I that stupid? Maybe dumb and slow. But am I that dumb and slow? No. Is anybody that dumb and slow? No. Downed. Okay, let's take a call or two. I want to get to the chartical somebody facts me that we had a couple of calls about already. Which I, I, no, I'm not going to say I can't believe it. It's so typical for this town. Tomas Garcia, Tuesday has been yanked off the year by radio fade. WWE, WF, La puta rosa. Whatever that means. What does that? La pander rosa? Well, but you're learning green is true. How does it felt for that rosa? Lou, that poor Darosa. The POP or the Rosa. Oh, the powerful one. Yeah, well, they're 10 watts. Yeah, they're pretty powerful. But anyway, we'll talk about that because he expressed the opinion they don't like. He didn't say medical and medical and they said, but you're out. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Bible something spoke from New Jersey. Yeah. Who hates double life points and but I want to tell trend a lot this and I want him to market down. A lot of suits. Yeah. Back off, let the president do a job and uh, don't check on Dan Burton's birth support checks. Right. I'm going to pick up some clumped in the AX and alcoholics and fags in the department through get out of our face. Yeah, I think Neil. Yes. I'll see you brought his own Saturday and Wayne Isaac is a monumental asshole. He's an asshole. Okay. God bless you, sir. He said it in the nutshell. Open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on our mobile one line. That's where it will be at borders in the plantation. This Saturday noon to two. That's unsuturized Boulevard. He's in plantation because on that's where the street depending on where you are, it can be called sunrise. It can be called a lot of things is what it can be called. But it's right in my hood right out there between best buy and the famous Anna co-station. Why is that a famous Anna? I don't know why it is because it just is and will be there at borders noon to two ways and money will have the best of stuff. The left he shirts and will have a little be a tremendous is what it'll be. It'll be our last appearances year for center one by the way. Just mentioned that in passing. Which I know bricks a lot of people's heart. So what are we going to fight our from Chris? What he's going to be with the QN van? I am 160 third street over towards the KN somewhere is going to try to find a good spot. One of the third road to skate in North Miami. So now that's not North Miami. How can it be? It's North Miami Beach. If it's a well wait a minute. See, I get confused about that. I want to see first with North Miami if you're like west of the intercoastal. What difference does it make with the acrylic North Miami North Miami Beach? Shvotown, Spotown. Well what difference is it made? What are we going to be talking about? I'm going to try to find a nice spot. Then you'll find a good spot over there and we'll let you know where you'll find the spot. Okay. And then 841 bucks we should do that to buy new ones. We find out where he's going to be. And you can help put us over the 100 grand market. What more can you want? We're bombing a crap out of a rat. We're going to raise over 100 grand for center one. What they'll market anybody won. Life is certainly smelling the pretty good. Smell it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I just want to say the hate quit my poison. But he's 100% right on this. Okay. Okay. Thank you much. Thank you. How do you like that? He hates bubble like poison. I like what he said that like poison. Which he stole from me. But nevertheless that's good because we want to understand how you feel. But he's with him on his. Okay. And as opposed to that Gerald Solomon. I'm telling you this man, you could see the form in his mouth. It was a frothing out of control. And then they brought on some democratic congressmen who I never even heard of before. And he just ripped him and asked. It was great. He said, Gerald Solomon is known for our wages comments and for being a jackass basically is what he said. He said he's an asshole. What he said. But he said in this particular case, it is so irresponsible and unbelievable. In fact, even Bernie Shaw was hyperventilating on CNN. He said, you mean to say, Congressman Solomon, that you're standing there and you're willing to call the president, the you're risking the lives of our military etcetera and questioning it as he said, yes. When I thought Bernie Shaw was going to take off the headphones and just going to run right down there himself and beat the crap out of this stock. Because Bernie Shaw don't take any crap from anybody. He is one mean mother. It's not something that's in his vocabulary. Must he dish him it out? Well, I sure I really I really joined for the days when he used to have the back calls on the big dish for CNN. And you could see the stuff behind the scenes when they were feeding stuff because Bernie Shaw, man, he is a mean mean, mean spirited nasty mother. He is. I remember one time that we're doing a newscast and to get there, we're getting ready to set up the Larry King shall I guess at that time was in the same studio and they were getting ready to bring the guest in and Bernie Shaw says, well, tell him somebody's doing a goddamn newscast in here right now. Okay, they can wait out there until we're done with this effing up. Who is beautiful? Nice going, Bernie. Our kind of militant spoke. Here's, uh, Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. That's going great. Listen, I don't like putting much either, but he's, uh, I think, uh, going in the right direction and he better watch out for the French and the Chinese because those, you know, the French should really be kissing our asses for what we did for him. Right. That's it. You know, I think a champagne by the end. Yeah, they should be kissing our butts, but you know, since they do business with Saddam. Right. That's right. And the Chinese do. And it's the same thing. And it's all money. It's all about money with the French. Well, I think they're two words that might, uh, change their altitude about this. Two words. Your next. I think those two words might change about the year. And the French, they're always, you know, these people, what if he took over Europe? Right. What if he starts sending scuds over there? Exactly. Should they cry and they be crying out for us, just like they did in the 40s. Right. Always whining for us to come and bail out their, uh, their pansy ass, right? All right. And that's one of the call a couple friends do Spag. Yes, sir. Carlos, who's mine. You're a major do Spag. Who's that, too? Okay. See, uh, okay. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the in Pomp five, sixy on the mobile one line. By the way, one of our relatives up there. What's your name? Valerie. Thank you, Valerie. Since me, I was, I don't want to do a, do we want to go back on that names thing again? I will do that later on. I just want to read some of these later. Did you look at this list? Oh, boy. Some real names of customers for a company that she worked for. And wait till the year you'll be here in some of these names, man. You are going to freak out. What endowed you're going to be, freaking out. You're going to read your property, Rhonda. Farms, Bob. Farms, Bob, is all over the place. Here's, uh, Miami. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, just wanted to say I'm very glad that we decided to wish the air, the air, the a-rads, uh, happy Ramadan American style. Right. And all I could say really is I really hope that this time we do this job right, no pussy for like last time. Right. Because I mean, you know, why is this guy still even there? I mean, what was our place that is a song about? What was it deal? Well, supposedly they say we went in there because he invaded Kuwait and we had to liberate Kuwait and we got them out of Kuwait and then we walked away and we let him start building up all over again. I mean, I still don't understand. Yeah, you can't even call it the Middle East conflict. That was nothing. That was a vacation in the desert, you know? Right. And what's the thought he's called it? Is calling it why? I mean, why does everybody hate bubble so much? I don't understand that. What is bubble? I don't know anybody. Oh, no, but I'm getting a few blow. Well, I think that is good though. I've looked no matter who the president is, they're going to be the best guy than president in the history. They're going to be a lot of people who like him. There'll be a lot of people who hate him. That's just politics or for whatever it is. Maybe they don't like his nose. They do like his complexion. They don't like each of them. Arkansas, maybe their jealousy is getting so much action. Who knows what it is, but the fact that they do hate him and they still approve of this thing. And they're not in bed with treadlock. I think his speaks well. They don't like the fact that he's out of the all at the arena from not being circumcised. Exactly. And they have a pecorino complex. To get a lot of those frogs, a polygizing to Iraq for the American vision. Yeah. Get a lot of that? I mean, what's with you? These are the same people that seek hate Hitler and the uh, right in the award award ceremony. And every air meter or a wrist in the world, and the history mankind find the same haven in France. They go to the French Riviera. They wind them. They die in them. They do business with them. They're their things. That's exactly right. They suck their ass. They are pigs. And don't ever forget it. And probably we'll have a nice holiday. I told you, the French are just disgusting. And in fact, basically the way to deal with the French is you just pretend they don't exist. That's the best deal way to deal with the French. Whether it's French Canadians, whether it's the French in France, you just and believe me, you don't want to go to Paris. Okay. Even even if you like Paris, which I hated it like poison, you know, I feel like I was lying. I hated it. I still wouldn't go there again because I don't want to give them my money. That's basically the bottom line. Even if it was paradise in Paris, which it is not, even if there was really a great place and the people were wonderful, which they are not. Even if they weren't pigs and two-hawler garbage on the streets, which they do, I still wouldn't go there again because I wouldn't give them one dime of my money. They're attitude. They're whole ambiance. They're so nauseating. It's a revolving. And if you think it's just a cliche or something somebody made up about how they hate the Americans, they hate everybody. They hate all the tourists. They won't list a finger. It's only country in Europe. I've ever been in where they don't give a crap from tourists. They won't even acknowledge that you exist. So you know what I say? I'm just what I say. That's what I say. That's right. Try to say it again. Anyway, TV host Radio Yangtze show over J. Ordman's Spanish language radio and TV host Tomas Garcia Fustes at his program, when was the as Miami? Was Yangtze off WWFB Lot Poto Rosa because he supports the newly passed ordinance that prohibits discrimination again, Gays and Lesbian. Oh my god, Maricard Maricard, come on East the Combinator, Maricard, come on. The program appears from 7 to 11 AM Monday through Friday on a cable channel tele Miami until Friday the audio portion was signed on L. Kansk by WWFB 670 AM. At a news conference Monday Garcia Fustes said his program became a victim of intolerance and that there is little hope that he can come to a settlement with WWFB. They canceled the program on Friday and did you read this? President of Phoenix Broadcasting which owns WWFB had a heat argument with some telemime employees who borrowed from the TV studio waited to be here the name of the president of Phoenix Broadcasting. Some jewel that no, some spiff. Okay. How many guesses do you need? Look on your driver's license. And not another Rodriguez. WWWFB canceled the program on Friday after George Rodriguez, President of Phoenix Broadcasting which owns WWFB had a heat argument with some telemime employees. I know it. I told you he was a miserable hard aspect. Man, all manish of its owns a goddamn TV station. And he were taking care of his car over here. And he's always crying. He's making enough money. owns a goddamn TV and radio. Boy, boy, talk about how many George Rodriguez is could there possibly be? Like Alex Gonzalez and Alex Hernandez and this one Rodriguez and Alex Hernandez and I can't keep them straight. Is there anybody? Is there any holio who's not named Rodriguez or Fernandez? No, okay. At least they know a name. Okay, and they stick with it. They keep it simple. Jose Luis said that's it. That's enough. Okay. Hulio. Okay. Fine. Don't overdo it. Four minutes before 11 at 5.60 WQM. My amy Fort Lauderdale. We're in the bloody bitches. They're lurking in convenience stores everywhere. Microway for radio places. You need to know radio dumps. You'll explode by the door in microwave and make yucky. You clean it up. They're lurking behind the counters. One splash is placed. Who do you splash in me? She's grip. And make a jockey. You clean it up. And you can't escape it. The fear of urban head, terrorists convenient store clerks. It's Iraq, no phobia. Yeah, pack a camel's fleece. In my country, damper's traveling herd. Not in Iraq. You stupid American inferiority life. Iraq, no phobia. I'm sorry, I'm a genius store and you. It's the bomb. It's a bomb. There's bubble by the way. We don't want to see what he said earlier. He's sitting there looking like, huh? Somebody faxes me this thing about Dave Colpay. And who came out of the plums of the 100 years ago. Former NFL player. And I thought today was supposed to be that show. The world of the gay athlete, the last plums of on ESPN. And I'm looking at my newspaper just a moment ago to see what time that's on. I don't think anything about that. At any time, on any channel, anywhere, and no, how and away. So I don't know. Anyway, George Rodriguez has got one version of the story that happened over there. It's a radio a phase. And then Tomas Garcia, a food. They's got another version. And Rodriguez said that when he tried to go in there for one table discussion about that. That hate a thorn, if they had at the ones both who saturdays ago. That they wouldn't let him go in there and they got into a scuffle. And they were going, I can't. I can't come in. Back at each other. You know, as the acuence, then they get a little emotional. And he said the cancellation of a blend was the SMIM. He's got nothing to do with the gay ordinance. And they had a big contract Thompson by the beat, and he said Tomas Garcia, a food they said they called him a matacone. And he is not a matacone. And there is. So more old crazy Cubans again, who just can't get their act together, because they're obsessed with the, oh, and speaking to the matacone, he's by the way, he's a great little, thank you very much by the way for this cute little thing. That somebody sent me in a fax. Two hillbillies riding down the road in a pickup truck down a country road. All of a sudden they happened upon a sheep with his head caught in a wooden fence. The hillbillies pull over the road. And one guy runs over, pulls his pants down and starts doing the sheep. And he's having his funny yelts to his buddy. Hey, you want some of this? So his friend runs up, pulls the sheep out of the fence. Six his head in the front and yelts out. Hell yeah. Okay, where do we go? Must have been in Lutus, must have been in an entry. Here's a P-Rine, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I met you down at Borders on Kendall when you were there. And I got some of your traits. Thank you. I've been very much great. I have three little things. Okay. First of all, let me say go George Go about the London Cove on the radio. Nice scam, huh? Neil, Neil is ready to go right off the Richter scale. He just sent that elite team in there and do the job this time. That's all I have to say about that. Okay. And I tried to reach you about those names. Let me not just as I've got a couple of names. Before he was born, I guess he inherited the name. Reverend Crooks. He couldn't hook her. Reverend Hoops has met like an oxymoron. Yes. Reset lead not to redundant hamster. Okay. And we have a poor little girl named Mary Christianis. Oh no. Dorothy Walker. A guy. Dorothy. I'm doing that. Yep. Anyway, make my Christians. I need two requests. Yeah. A big black guy named Dan. Yeah. Lord my car at that shop. And prison bitch. Prison bitch. Boy, I sure have a lot of fun. That's a long time. Have a nice day. Yes, you're here. Okay. You've got a nice day. Thank you. Okay. I'd be like that. How are you doing, Mary? Now is her name, Mary. Christmas or Mary. Christmas. I wonder. We have an open line in date. Five, six, seven. I mean, you know, it's a free country. If you want to name your kids a bunch of grown test names because you're an asshole, this keep in mind. They'll have to put up with it the rest of their lives. They're going to hate you like poison. They're dead line again. Okay. It is the holidays where supposed to like like each other a little bit better this time of year. Or we're finding out there are some people who hate the f***ing off the line of blank like poison. Whatever it is, whether it's bubble, whether it's the parents could give more real crappy name. Just anybody out there on the street who's driving crappy they hate f***ing like poison. And they're proud of it too. Here's a Margie. Hello. Anyhow, are you doing pretty good? I met you last time in my son at the game. Right. Well, not to, but I beat, but I beat. Right. He was great. I told you. And pride that he's got his own show pretty soon. He's getting me a trouble. And anytime when a public came, somebody says about him about Neil, he gets a line with the rectum and my wife's all over me. Anyway, I got a chance to tell him to watch his unbelievable. Don't tell him to watch the rectum. Sorry. Yes, go ahead. To meet Mike Wang. And you're such a super nice guy. Yes, he is. He's a great guy. And one of the all-time best broadcasters and the two baddest team for him is not to join our last night. He's very unique to his other. But he even went to the locker room and got the yogurt to find a fuck for my ass. How do you like that? He was fantastic. Well, that's Mike. He's a great guy. He said you're a super nice guy. You just didn't have a chance to get with the ass. No, no, I know he wouldn't have come up with. Because now the broadcast guys are way to hell up there. It takes forever to get out. So I was in the spot all the way down like he used in the older arena. But he's a great guy. It was my friend's first hockey game. So he really got out. Hey, picked a good night, man. We actually showed up last night. Burke played great. And they looked really good. And of course, Ray Whitney gets the winning goal. He's gone. Ray Sweetheart. I'm so really. Thanks, man. Okay, have a great day. Yeah, well, good time was said by all last night. And it's quite a bit technical problems. At least we got him straight not by the time the second period started. And we put that behind us in life. One on, you know, because once you start complaining a little bit too much, then they start calling your heart ass. So if the seat there, two narrow and the whatever else, just get with it. Loose them weight. Open line a day, one in Broward. Five, six, seven, a process. But you guys have to set up fries things like F-14s. And every can sell because it's nighttime over there. But it looks awful. Smokey. We will continue to conduct nations in support of operation, desert bucks. And now we'll consider F-14s F-18s E-8s. Let's see. You know, you don't need to. And, uh, how long does that plan bag that you say the mission will continue? That's our understanding for the White House. Lieutenant Gunner's well. Do you have any indication how much longer this operation will last? Couple of months. Um, I do not, um, we are prepared to carry out any task. We're prepared to do that for whatever length of time is required of it. Yeah. Okay, came in. I don't see there like a couple of cars under road. There, I don't see anything really happening yet. But we're keeping our eye on it, baby. We got our eye peeled. And as soon as the bombs start bursting in air, believe me, you'll hear it. There you go. We won't have no ball games. I'm really curious. I'm wondering, what happened on this station at five o'clock yesterday? Somebody came to me at the game last night told me it's six o'clock. Uh, boog or somebody said, okay, let's just put it in a clinical speaking. They said, okay, let's go and the president's speaking. I'll dressing the nation about the attack and our Iraq. And we had some sports thing that got on by mistake for a minute or so. Hey, listen, we don't like pre-empting the scores and the odds on this station. Okay, it takes a hell of a lot for us to say if they were dropping nuclear weapons up in Miramar. We'd still be telling you, hey, don't forget that big game on it. I'd be, maybe that's the most important crap. So I'm kind of curious what was going on here yesterday. About five o'clock when we were dropping the bombs and everybody in the world was sitting there with her eyes glued just a trans fiction from their TV set. And I noticed we had a good crowd last night of our 18,000 people, but boy, that they show up late last night and the reason probably being that most people including me stayed home like a little extra later than usual because we wanted to soak it in. We were sitting there in front of the TV set going. Yeah, like that. That's right. In fact, most of the people last night were going. On the way out of the arena including that kind of front of us. And we just packed it up as a post. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. We got Hank coming along with two. We got the books to resist. We got Eddie K with the GAsio, a 10 o'clock tonight. You want to put a good stoking up your post during these holidays, you know, during a holiday time. You know, not only gives nice gifts to other people, but treats yourself a little bit. That's right. Give yourself a treat from our friends in mix. Go down there and pick up some of the best cigars you've ever had in your life. Or as a holiday gift, well, I can't think of too many things that most people would enjoy better. Most guys that like a good stoking, a big box from mixed cigars. They make the best cigars in the universe, the largest manufacturer of premium hand rolled cigar. The entire country, a third generation of premiums of craftsmanship that they've been doing this for about 20 30 million years. They really know how to make a pleasurable great cigar. And they'll give you a little guided tour of the place. If you want, when you go in there and show you all the work and care that goes into making each and every stoking that you pop in your post. What do you like a mild cigar? What do you like something really strong and robust likely, lots of this you on or anything in between? Whatever kind of cigar you love, they'll hook you up right. Next cigar is at 71 11 West Flagress Street, one mile east off your pulmetle. Just take the flagress street exit east and you'll be right there at the door. Call them at 305, 266, 9907. So this year for the holidays, put some serious pleasure in your post or somebody else's from next to guard. And a lot of the little ones you have to make makes sense. She goes down and gets an event. A planet where eight people also men. Car theft is on the rocks. America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarms system will protect your car from being stolen. The car will protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although it really doesn't say much. Just leave the way from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. This is the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. There have been a lot of car thefts. I can't tell you how many times I've figured it away from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's do sleep better at night. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. 11-14 at 5-60WQ and one other little note on life-myped event at the McAureena. And I don't want to say that the director of operations are robbers and charge to the technical machinations of their auto-guit as fast-pired. But they're showing my good friend Randy Moore doing his pre-game preview of the game. And all of a sudden, I noticed that it seems very familiar like from a week ago. The auto-game, and he's talking about the keys to the game. We have to stop the election action and the auto with this. The only problem is auto-gain was last week. We're playing the Pittsburgh last night. And all of a sudden, like in the middle, if somebody realized that, it's just kind of faded away and disappeared. And I'm thinking, geez, another great start there, boys. Can they get anything right over there? Can they fix the escalators in last week? Okay, well, we need the exercise, walk it up and down. We can handle it. But I mean, if you're going to build an escalator, it was not the old saying, build an escalator and they will come. Does it work? No. But at any rate, see your nithpicking again, you're a bastard. I know it. Bob Hope gets lumped in New Yorker article. Oh man, who never told a funny line in his life. Another man who's like, oh, and by the way, don't tell Greg Kotis, but he's going to die someday. Just like Joe Domansio, Bob Hope will die. He's only 95. That's all about Bob. Living legend Bob Hope 95 last May gets, uh, his lumps from a host of associates and then New Yorker, peacefully December 21 issue, ex-manager Elliott Kozak calls him the most self-centered person he is ever known. Publicist to 41 years Frank Lieberman says he never walked past the mirror without looking at himself or smoothing his hair. And Melville Shavelson, who directed him in several movies, has hoped to make the key to the director's apartment for a twist and paid his writers by gathering them at the bottom of the stairs and sailing their checks twisted into paper airplanes at them. Dr. Linda Hope says, I don't feel that I really know him. That's a kind of sadness for me because I would have liked to know him better. Kozak says Hope's life was 64 years the lowest long for romance from this man and he was cold as ice-tour. The lowest addressing for husband's woman, I was in says, it never bothered me. I thought I was better looking than anybody else. Whatever that means. So there you go, Bob Hope, what they're saying about him? He's an asshole. A lot of walking around baby, a lot of assholes out there in the streets of America. On the streets of this little globe. Not too many walking around on the streets of Baghdad right now. All right. That's good news for us and bad news for them because if you don't make that deal with sunny. Where are we going here? Here's stuff Miami, hello. New. Yes sir. Great. Great showman. Yes it is. I need to say about a liquidy. You think that the only reason why we found that was a liquidy that was going to be? No, I do not think that. You don't think so. No, I do not. Okay sure. And was him calling? Do you know who will him calling it? No. Do you think he's Jewish? No. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five. Did he say? No. Good job pal. That's a Julio version of. No. Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty got a GAT&T wireless long. Great news for you. He's Chris got a tell us where he is with that van by the way. Or he's getting late right now on. He's what? Looking for a spot like a dog. Yeah. There you go. And North Miami Beach by the way is not a bad place to take. Oh, if you got an emergency just pull off the road. Oh, this was our good spot. Yeah. He's probably looking for a white person who speaks English in the North Miami Beach. I don't take you'll find such a person. A white person who speaks English who does not have a Mizzosa on the door. Is there such a person in the North Miami Beach? No. Okay. I'm always not starting to say about the good news. Oh, yeah. The great news is you may not believe this. All you people at the other building over there who've been waiting What? Hanks us three and a half years with a promises here. Power 96 is upstairs in their new studios. Oh, yeah. Can you believe that? Can you believe it? No. They're up there which means that the second on the agenda is the QAM. The rest of the people that over there in that toilet. They're right in the first and crap over on Sheridan Street. They're that's the next deal that they're working on. They're working on feverishly. And then once that's done, we get to move upstairs and the C. All are good friends up on the third floor. Like the water not see. All are good friends. Wow. So we're making progress boys and girls like they told me what I came here. They move very slowly. But if you can do it, it's like an endurance contest. If you can just wait them out sooner or later, they might do something. That's right. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, that the world of the GF, we think that was it. It was on yesterday. It was on yesterday. It was on yesterday. Yeah, I'd say it was. You want a copy? Sure. What about, well, I want a copy if they said anything. I'm sure that they didn't tell us anything we didn't already know. Well, I mean, yeah, I talked about that. Cool. Hey, guys for a couple of minutes. Yeah. It's talked about a couple of, you know, there's one guy. Mark, you know, Mark the Loba. Pardon me. Mark the Loba. It was more, it was more towards like the men. I don't know, the game, you know. They talk about that kid. The most of the name Burke, the outfielder for the boundaries. Yep. Right. I thought about him briefly, you know, that he died of AIDS complications. And what about that kid, the David Clyde that played for Houston, briefly, and to Lea? No, no, no. There was another guy. I think there was another football player that I remember who was. Yeah. It was an offensive liner for the giant. Some big black guy. A big black guy named, maybe whatever was. Yeah. And they thought that him personally talked about some kid as in high school now. It was pretty interesting. Did they mention Steve Young? No. They mentioned Tory Eggman? No. They said they did. They talked to Lea Steinberg or whatever the agent is. Yeah. And he talked about how, you know, they had to deal with, you know, the even the idea that that they might be gay. Right. And actually they showed up. And they actually mentioned this. They had a big time rumors about both Steve Young and Troy Eggman. Really? Yeah. And they showed them like it's funny because like they showed up like a game film of that my hugging and stuff. Oh, boy. They probably showed up. I'm going to show this spot where Steve Young was sending flowers waiting for Jerry Rice to return. They talked about that commercial. Yeah. Look, you know, what about is this poking fauna or is this, you know, some other kind of statement. And they said, well, you know, again, all the time it was as agent. They said, oh, you know, this is, you know, it was a sense of humor kind of thing. Right. He never, he never said it was true. It wasn't true. He just said it is what it is. And he talked about, you mentioned Cam Nileer animals. No, they, no, they talked about. They talked about guys. They mentioned that there was nobody. They were like, currently, they was always got that activity retired or whatever. They talked about some Australian rugby player. There you go. Somebody nobody ever heard of right. Exactly. I've been British some black British soccer player. This is a, there was only a couple of them that that were playing and we're out of the calls that all the other guys were already done with their playing days. Right. They've been done. Yeah. But I got a way. I do want to get, I get fling a buyer. Yes, I do. I would love to see it. And this was the first three four, five minutes of it. That's okay. It's like the intro. You know, it's like the Greggen Hussein is and a bunch of other people that were an individual sport as opposed to team sports. You know, it's interesting. Guys, they used to shower alone, like we often corner individual. Yeah. Okay. Listen, the other guys react like the straight guy in whatever, oh, yeah, because in the locker room, you know, we can't have that. And it was hilarious. It was all the homophobia, I don't know. Right. Well, there's no facts in the sports. Just like there's no facts in the military or in the church. Yeah, not to have it. All right. I'll really do it. Thanks. Okay. There you go. I thought that was on tonight. Everybody told us Thursday. And they were like Monday off. One, sixty-third in Biscayne, Southeast corner, at constation. Okay. Exxon station. Here we go. Boys and girls. Exxon station. 163 in Biscayne, Southeast corner. Can't miss it. Busy is intersection right there. The right side is what people are speaking. We'll shoot hangar line in that area. Chris is there with a WQM family. Got the best of CDs and cassettes and best of the Neil Rogers T-shirt. And also some dolphin t-shirts. The giveaway. If you come by with some mouth cash for us, we're set a one. We need 800 and what's my a thinger. Where is this? 800 and some odd. 841 bucks to reach our hundred thousand dollars. We got two hours and 37 minutes to do it. Are we going to do it today? How much is we going to do it? If we have to hold a gun, we're going to get that 841 bucks today. If Chris has to stay there until they until back that no law will exist on the map. That's how determined we are going to do it today. And we thank you for profusely in advance. Open line and drower to a date 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT and T wireless line. And I'm sure that all like I said yesterday all of our jobs on this station would tell you that there are no Fags in sports. And that's just a rumor. It's just a lot of BS. And the guys who take showers together are not. You know, there's absolutely nothing to get about that. And to keep clump you more on here's a mobile in pop and oh hello. Neil. Yes sir. The problem with that place. I got two things. What is the name? I have a number of names here. I was just a got the rosters of some basketball teams. Yeah. You're asked on. Okay. First off, the problem with that place is all starts in high school. There's a high school athlete a tremendous player who was involved. You may remember about a month and a half ago. I've been growrd. There was a father and a son on a motorcycle hidden run. And the father died the son's no critical condition. Well, was a student athlete at one of the local high schools. I hit and run took the vines off the car, the license plate. Like the third time the police came and then questioned this person. They finally broke down to meditate did it, which was like two weeks after the fact. Yeah. Try to get away with it. This person is not only still in school, but it's still playing. Nice. It all starts there. It happens to be a start player too. So, you know, it's a great message to defend everybody. Onto the names. With Kendria. Yeah. My favorite to kill her. To kill is not bad. How about Africa? All people name to heal her are a chance. What is it, Africa? Africa. Uh-huh. So, how's she? Now, if you're name Africa, does that make you an Africa owner? Um, probably. What about it? To haji? To haji? Yeah. It didn't so bad. To shika? The haji's probably taken from that Jewish name, Tushi. Yeah. To haji? To haji? Well, you give me one. I'll give you one. There's a guy who's got the list from this lady here. How about Corvette? Corvette? I don't have that when I have. Corvette? I mean, there's nothing like driving a nice Corvette at a work everyday like I'll do. I'll drive Corvette. How about Fransheta? I have Shantabya. Shuanna? Octavia. Shinefa? Um, Shawanda? Canyaera? Lafara? Charlesa? Co-landra? Cris della? We got a Christle. Oh, I'll match Africa with the water. In fact, I spent the holidays in Tijuana. Oh. Um, in Sydney? The Nisha? Angelique? Your Mica? Your Mica? That's the correct answer. Yeah, D.E.R.M.K.A.S. Your Mica? How you doing, Dermica? How about you, Senta? Pocenta? Yes, something like that. They called with the Pocenta and the name too. Shurita? Which is probably a kind of urethra? Dermitria? L'Aquisha? L'Aquisha? L-A-Q-U-I-S-A-S. L'Aquisha? Let me ask you, how would you pronounce this? S-I-A-N. S-I-A-N? S-I-N. S-I-N. S-I-N. S-I-N. S-I-N. Right, that's right. A-Yana? A-Y-A-N-A. How about D-Cornado? Well, here's one must be for like dark-complexed relatives of George's wife, a lot of crystals. Yeah? I have some crystals, my house. Here's one bonita, that's one bouquet of a florida thing, bonita. I'll see you later, Springs. S-I-N. Do I mention Mishka? That may be Russia. No, that's Mishpoha, yeah. How about Runeeta, R-H-U-N-E-T-E? I don't have that one. About a Neatur? Yeah, and here's one that sounds like a little Italian, Fabiola. Which is nothing like a nice Canadian, since Fabiola beans. Wow, I'm getting hungry. Hey, it isn't your lunchtime. Tony-Togga gonna be bringing something from the beans. The one that I say, we have here, since Fabiola beans. It works the lotion in the basket. And how, in the oil? Yes. I only heard the full thing one time. Yes. So, who's the listening to you? In fact, my brother's tied to get Ricky Tiki's son on your show 15 years ago. Yeah. And he and I have been walking around for three days, driving people nuts, were like Dement that going around, going, and he puts the lotion in the brass, dude. Oh, right. Hey, how many people? I think it's hard to make sure you want to go rent the movie. It does. And like you said, the people who said it's creepy, if they haven't seen the movie, if you've seen the movie, you see your pamphlet, you hear that thing? Exactly. Okay. So, let's get to it. Thank you. Take a bite. Your phone is crap. Okay. We have an open line today. We wanted to draw it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60, only 18, 2, wireless lines. Let's get pizza locked in here today. What do you say? Let's get that, Dan Jeff. Even though we had a really margin, we had actually the Chris Haddle leave there yesterday. And get some real money on the corner of the university in Broward. Maybe Jeff was squeezed all the bucks out of his people. I'll tell you when you go to pizza lock. Very, very modest price. Since they gave you a big big portions of delicious Italian food. They've been doing it right for years. That's why Jeff is making all that money and money such a wild character. That's why Jeff has a lot of money. And if you don't have a lot of time to be a jackass, that's right. Start out with an A-Pasto. Check out the best garlic rolls in the world. Then try the order and in Lasagna. Drum bowly, calzone, super sub chicken, cachitory, spaghetti and meatball. Spaghetti and sausage. Big dd. Third leaning with cheese sauce. It's just one of my favorite. Three different kinds of great pizza. In fact, then you will have a tough time picking out what you like. They also are famous for their express lunch specials. All you work and spiced out there. If you don't have a lot of time for lunch, pizza locked in the hope you out. Just phone or fact, you order in and they'll have it ready for you in just a couple of minutes. Nine five four nine one six eighty eighty. And they got tons and tons of free parking for you right there in the pizza locked Gaza right behind here one import. There are 35 or 14 South University drive right between different and five ninety five Next and all the South Eastern. Kitty corner from Savise buffet. Oh, that's right. They do a right of pizza locked in fact. I think we ought to have our hundred thousand dollar celebration. They would lots of food from a Jeff Cohen as long as we don't have to see him too long. Jeff Cohen and the world famous pizza locked. You're going to love it. So, if you want to go with Talian and see Jeff Cohen's home on the same you'll have great Italian food that's made by a Jew who has mostly tasted man. Where do you find Joe Wells just a forest and see both the first team? Right where do you got it? Fort radio five sixty two eight out. Oh, my, this is Marie-Fova which is wishing you a happy hunt. This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations, John. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many requests to raise place to have all of these things. Mm-hmm. It goes wondering. Oh, you're next to her with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. The thing is, I'll tell you what you're right. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lambs stop crying yet. Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip augmentation that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that one we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. Um. My name is buffer O Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'm not going to use my lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. I got my skin suit in the basket. I got my skin suit in the basket. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. Funny six. Don't know that five sixty WDKM. So there actually are people who don't get it. Who's seeing the movie who don't get it? Well, there's only one thing in this all their problems. Two open lives in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless lunch. It looks real hazy and smoky in Baghdad. I mean, it's just, you know, I think he's going on quite at the moment. But it's still looking real hazy and smoky to which we say. All right. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Ah, Fahamagore said my daughter number one and number two on your page. Thank you. She told me she put your, uh, the domo same thing on NPR radio yesterday. Really? Well, that's right. They were playing some of your causes. And, uh, she said it was quite good. Request from my daughter. Yes, sir. Any chance of getting stuff, other than the stuff that's on the, uh, they'll right now. No. Like like one. Other types from other years. Well, yeah. I've got some of those, in fact, if you come by at our thing on Saturday that, uh, borders and plantations, they have, uh, like for some stuff from previous years. Oh, great. Now, one other thing you were talking about the French earlier. Right. Going back to Normandy. Uh, I remember treating some people at the eighth station. I was working at it the time. And they would tick to off when the Germans took them over. We didn't destroy their homes, but when we came, we, we, we moved up, up there home. So they were really ticked off those rock bastards. Yeah, they should only croak. If you'd nasty that. Okay. And have a great holiday. Right. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 and day. One thing about us, we may not say, you know, we may not agree on everything. But we want to come to the French. We hit him like poison. Like poison. There you go. Thank you for that guy calling and using that expression right off the bat today because boy comes in handy. Especially when you do win with frogs. Five six, seven, five, six, the pond five, six, the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. First time caller, we're redneck. Driving a pickup with NASCAR blaster all over. All right. Let me listen to you since the 80s since I moved here. Great. This guy that spoke to you last set up my call for everything. Okay. Remember when they want to fly over Europe and French with a letter from Friol. Right. That's right. It wouldn't give us these fly over right now. Exactly. We can only get one of those cruise missiles. Just fail a little further. And wherever these Republicans are gathered next. Just take out a few more of those that the election didn't finish with really make my own. I say the Republican guard first in Baghdad and then the rest of the Republican right. Okay. Take off. Those guys are following us. You see this year old Solomon last night. Yeah. They're all following the money. No. He was like a rabbit dog. I thought the guy was going to start the jooling and spitting and puking all over the sub right on TV right on CNN. They're like these old these Gary Larsen jokes with a sharks swim around like mad. Like trying to eat something. It's like a cruel hoax because there's nothing to grab a hold of. Yeah. I mean they're like they can't get their teeth into the guy and they just lose in their mind over it. Exactly. I know how they feel. They're trying to grab something and there's nothing there. They look ridiculous and I wish they'd go away. Okay. Have a great whatever. Thanks. And we'll see. Okay. Down to a couple of calls on the boards getting pretty slim and grim right now because these people are busy watching the racial broncin from the Center for Strategic International Studies. Who's down there right now. I'm going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. You're going to have a look at the camera. I don't think so. He ever called you back because we don't have all day to waste your jet. He never called. He don't know what to do about that deal. So anyway, Chris is over there with a QA in fan. I better start promoting the hell out of that. On the court of 160 third in this game on the southeast corner. At the x on station. You'll just spot that big QA in van and you'll make a B line for it and say, hey, we want to be a participant today because today is the big day that Neil is definitely going over the $100,000 mark this year for someone. Isn't it? We hope we damn well better. I mean, 841 bucks. We ought to be able to do that by one o'clock if we get these the show on the road. Here's a mobile in Little Havana, hello. Hello, Neil. I do a spoiled little Havana. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, hey, hey, you shouldn't know from it. Listen, let's start to get about all the other crap of the day that everybody's talking about with bombing and and and peach from then everything. Let's get down to the real important thing. Yeah. You say the other day that Leo sees food is opening in Brawitt County. That's what I'm hearing. Yes, I thought by the sawgrass somewhere in my neck of the wood. Yes, wow, a riot. That'd be perfect. What a beautiful thing. I just want to say one thing to my douchebag brother and more Michael who's a gumball pressure. Yeah. I really think that Jeff Cohen puts the lotion in the pizza. It wouldn't surprise me. All right. If I know we're putting this basket. Okay. Have a great day. I'll get out there. It's like a zone. Okay. One call I've said of war. We've been rolling along here and haven't even taken about this phone and they've been spoken all morning. Maybe they've been spoken too much. That could be the problem. All of a sudden they just died. Just like old blue eyes they just died. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And you report yet? Any money in yet? No. That was Jeff. Oh, is Jeff taking care of us today? Jeff. Jeff Cohen is taking care of us today. I'm going to put the emotion in his casket and the lotion in our basket. And we're going to have a big celebratory thing. They hope it's not a premature evaluation. I'll tell you that. Gord's Court because we're a counten on getting that 841 bucks today. And I'm sure that if we can't get the 841 bucks from the audience out there or the QAMBAN, they will all round the building here. We'll like all and just steal out of the people's wallets. What is a buffalo bill? Oh. Oh. And the first day of Canada. My parents gave me a picture of my face for me. Boy. On the second day of Canada. My parents gave me. Two pictures, Raid on the picture of my dad is for me. On the third day of Canada. My parents gave me. I'm sure that you're a child. I'm sure that you're a child. I'm sure that you're a child. Oh, what? What's this real thing on your head? It's a shame. On the fourth day of Canada. Horne Truth. That's true. My parents gave me. Well, we chose her candy. I'm sure. Who's the kid? I think the briggles are them. No. They're briggles. They don't. I made it out of play. And when I wanted watching, I saw the thing away. No, but that's nice. Fight me. Who's? On the fifth day of Canada. My parents gave me. For one day of Christmas. Oh, Jimmy's got one. Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not watching, Jimmy. Not watching, sure. Not watching, sure. Or a picture of my bed and every knee. Or a thing. On the sixth day of Canada. My parents made me think. Everybody's well arranged. That's nice. I've got a lot of things to do. I've been strong every year. In front of my friend. On the seventh day of Canada. The bed. My parents made me think. Everybody's crazy. I'm just bored. You're my one little bitch. I'm one. I'm just bored. I'm just bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. Get it now. Give some hugs on the eighth day of 200 degrees. My parents gave me something that I wanted better. Please let me off to the other influential I think right of the closet on this it puts the worst in the basket thing you know We okay, well, I'd maybe even pulling your leg. It's not from trial and sit away But if you don't nothing do with that movie. It's not you remember in Godfather part one when Clemente was making these spaghetti shots And Michael came over and he said how come you put all that alcohol in there? Clements is said it works the lotion in the basket wasn't it always it in Fantasia Huh when Mickey said to Donald Don't you remember Mickey Mouse and it puts the lotion in the basket? Huh or maybe it was in psycho Right when Tony Perkins was going up the stairs with it without tab hunter And he said mommy don't remember that mommy was sitting in a rocking chair there with that bad wig on Flood you're right and Tony said it puts the lotion in the basket even though he never would hurt a fly How could anybody watch the silence of the yams and not the I don't get it Some of you better go back and revisit that you better make a beeline Your neighborhood the video store right now and watch that movie over and over again before we come and beat the stop out of you. Okay? Oh, that fits from the movie What movie is that? Okay, let's go to 20 by the way. Okay, here. Let's 621 to go 399,000 399 dollars we got for center one we got 621 dollars to go or we're gonna do that by two o'clock. Yeah, that's your sweet ass. We are This is a momentous day. Okay. I hope that buddy nebence is listening I'm sure he is since he knows that I make corrosive tacos and I rip Wayne Eisenca and say that he's an asshole Yeah, exactly and don't appreciate no matter how much money gives the charity. He's still an asshole Hope you're listening buddy. We're sure that you got your radio glued right to your rear vacuum And are we gonna read anything about this in the newspapers? No, are we gonna hear anything about this from the A local media that hears this fat bag on the air that raised over 100 grand percent of one this year. Oh, it is raised over a half a million dollars for them so far Oh, of course not Here's four longer Dale. Hello Hey, now yes, sir. You know I'm Ryan and he I am really disturbed that is Who cared if I told Frank train? It's good to be driving. It keeps saying it. You're a jerk. Okay. Thank you And I hate you like poison Okay, we have it all. Yeah, and take the acoustic off you know, too. Next time you call people are starting to talk already because it works the Martian in the bar skirt 5 6705 60 and pump 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line He never stole a freight train. What's wrong with that? You know anybody with stole a freight train? Oh, there you go So even a biggest that like Wayne Wayne is an asshole, but did he ever steal a freight train? Well, I'm not sure if he had a chance I think he might Here's my empty hello Miami I know yes, sir. Yeah, have you seen the alien a gross latent on TV? No, I have not talking about a I can't believe the timing of this bombing of our room. Oh, what a surprise that is I know Not by she's picking an English or not Believe or not she was speaking in the English. Uh-huh. It's like it's like she doesn't have a brain or a room He doesn't have a brain period or a her own or anybody else is she the simple this. He's a twin And you know I'm not I'm not a clean supporter and I'm not gonna debate this with you But I think you should be in peach But I you know I don't have any doubt it's the timing of this. I mean It's a sad I'm we need to bomb the son of a gun off the map. Yeah, yeah And that's it simple is that it Anybody with a brain can see that exactly that would be like seeing uh, which leads the alien out of the equation and Trent a lot as well Yes, that's just for the uh, it'll Solomon that's rhetorical. That's true That would be like saying that the lot in child died so bloody McCaek of the governor. No, you there you go A speaker of the works of mysterious ways his timing wasn't too good if he would have been at a couple of months sooner That's exactly right Speaking of which they have a card for you. Yes, sir about about lot in child There's no motion in the casket. Oh, okay have a great day. There's no motion in the hecoon Front page of the paper yes, I think it was the hero big headline he could last journey for he cool there's something like that How come you can okay that's our poll question that it's sometimes it takes me to limit all the show like today to come up with a really good poll question If you could choose your new neighbor okay if somebody's moving in next door to you Would you prefer to have a hecoon or just a plain ordinary cool? Okay, that's our question today Would you prefer a hecoon or just an old ordinary one of them ill cool next door to your house Excellent question. Thank you 560 50 50 560 560 on the AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile in Lake Worth hello Hello, yes, sir Commemoration of this occasion. I would send you a thousand thank you If you could play if you haven't already done it that wacky Correcty and 500 if you don't have it wacky you're wacky. You're wacky who's saying You added for a while. Yeah, you still have it. I'll have to look for it and they're a bit too Okay, okay, you're great. So I guess what whatever that means even listen, I'll tell you the power They show we've even got smart business time running around saying Kushman and Tucko study like that That's right anybody gives you any lift big one or otherwise. Okay. Just say Kushman and Tucko It doesn't make any difference whether you're Jewish, Goyage, Black, Dark, White, Asian just say Kushman and Tucko's nugget message They're one like a son of a bitch 560 50 50 550 I wish I could find that That other one you're wacky and whole-inkle But you know some of these things fall through the woodwork and of course I could friends at ACN They really They got a little problem Good stuff every now and then not too often but every now and then but then trying to find it that's another story A lot of people got good stuff but we need to try to find it search party here's Miramar hello Miramar Hello, yes, sir. Oh, yes, you know I've been reading the Things about going on and Washington. I'm so sick of these Republicans following their leader hide He's nothing but a hypocrite following their leaders hide yeah, yeah, and I just wanted to tell you I don't know if you read that it's leder to the editor to some 10 cent notice more I did did you see that article by Nancy Genivese I didn't see the article by Nancy Genivese you sound like some kind of a monster, but I did see the letter you're talking about Yeah, well, that was her name well anyway I just wanted to see if you'd seen it. I'm so tired of years of man has done ten times worse in Clinton right And the all the Republican idiots are following him like little kids. Yeah, although I will and parents I will say yesterday that he immediately said he wasn't suspicious about the timing of the at least he said the right thing yesterday And he wasn't one of those paranoid rabbit looted takes like Gerald Solomon or Trent Lott I can't say too much for Henry, but at least he was irrational yesterday. It is his moment Yeah, well, I'll tell you the republic that you're gonna be in They Genglish thought he was gonna take about 20 or 30 seats this life. I got news for he's gonna have a lot of company They're gonna be a lot of people out to a cool hunter whatever they're gonna be doing come out of your 2001 after those elections in 2000 You got that right. They're gonna have a real big why two k problem Okay, God bless us all as tiny Tim said didn't he say that? I thought tiny Tim was the one to tell it works the lotion in the basket Yeah, he said that's where I throw much from a Christmas Carol my god of this time and you we should be knowing that Maybe with evidence or screws it said it works the lotion in the basket or maybe that was just Alice there Stim pretending to be of it. Did they show that anymore? How come I you know all the You're the Hanukkah stuff and the Christmas stuff as being a heathen like I am but even so there's no Any holiday now like I told you for the last four or five years they don't even make a pretense anymore Of any significance these are just going by you know spend a lot of money give us your money By a lot of gifts to buy a lot of food whatever the holiday might be Go buy a lot of beer get drunk out of your mind and everybody say okay 5675 60 560 on the AT&T wireless line we're getting so close to that hundred thousand dollar mark we can almost smell it that's right 993 79 maybe Robert Greeper will put up the shortfall if it come up a little short between the Nalanthu If we come up like either nine dollars short Thanks again to rimor I ought to mention that several times because he's such a cheap back there I should mention to give us hundred bucks nice going where oh Den did down by courier last night You know this man calls me oh you get there early get there really cuz you know I got to come down And I got to get back up and do my thing. Well I got news for you know I have to choose between getting there right at six when they open the doors or watching and dropping bombs on Baghdad And watching what the bubbles better say or going there at six o'clock when it was nobody in that tour did I go there at six o'clock Oh six or any was early enough and thank you again, remember And you're still a cheap answer. There's my meat All right Oh You know just like come in the did say and Godfather one by the way It works for all you're not even for that. Got to say if we would have stopped hitler at Munich We wouldn't have had all this bullcraft. That's what he said. Remember that when he was given Michael Lagun with a paper after round the handle If we were to just stop that Dan hitler at Munich we wouldn't have had all this below news. What he said I don't kind of stuffing facts here most of which are quite frankly Jesus on and on and on it goes and Bob bar did this and the internet says this and Henry hide his a piece of crap and Even asshole if we already know that thank you Okay, where we go and here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hey, yeah, how you doing great. Yeah, just I got done changing all of my AAM preset buttons to five sixties Excellent. I made the mistake of flipping over to I get some Traffic report from that other station. Oh yeah, yeah, you know they now have a Canadian report So that our winner visitors from Canada can keep track of what's going on What do you want here me? Oh, I hate that stage. Yeah, I'll tell you if they want to know what's going on up there Why don't they go home and find out? I might take a back to Quebec with a banjo one there or something exactly with next Radio of Anna. Yeah, that's it. We already got that. I See, I'm even there. Gee what's next? I guess this guy in well like he said if you want to be safe on the A and B and five six the Un every button please 265 and it's pretty slow He says everything you mentioned it a whole bunch of people show up at that. Great. Okay. Well, so in other words keep mentioning Our LTE4 and two What is that? Oh, I got to go. Okay. Nah, let me let me do it again 279 and how much? What did you say? 265 and 265 is four four. She I can add unlike Dan weather. I'm not making his money 99,544 so we've done another 450 six bucks And where's the a QA and ban 456 bucks come on let's get with it. You should be doing that in the next half hour Easy next 27 minutes by 12 30 so when the flu gets here from a pizza loss, we can have a big celebration I'll do it cuz that's okay. We can dance around over the fact that they're bombin a crap out of bag that and bonding those crazy Besties in the Stone Age and the fact that we raised over 100 grand for a center one 456 bucks the X on station in the southeast corner of 163rd in this game boulevard in North Miami Beach a very Prime location and easy spot to get to a spot especially out in the middle of lunch hour take out 20 or 30 minutes Okay, maybe Chris will give you a bit kiss on a forehead or a somewhere if you look good depending on what you are and where you here's Miami. Hello Miami. Hello. Yes, sir happy holiday and back to you This is a little off the subject, but if you've been keeping up with what happened to this kid from Jackson high school No, he dropped a ball and North West and did them in the playoffs and now they beating the coaches fired Isn't that great? He dropped the ball so when they lost the ball game so they beat the crap out of him The beating the mothers getting death threats You know, it's kind of pitiful how these parents are raising the kids in the way the sport is The American fucking way yeah, right You know, I know you I've been listening I listened to you all the time and I hadn't heard anything You know come through on your side. I missed that. I didn't see that story But isn't that a great the lesson that he's our kid that if you lose the ball game Some hoppin make a bad play. We're gonna beat the crap audio and threaten you with the death and your whole family and your pets too Well, you know, it's pretty pitiful and you know, unfortunately a Japanese here in Miami It's part of this whole sports syndrome. It says become instead of fun and a pass-in become like a sickness now Correct. Yeah, I mean these kids aren't getting played to play in for the love of the game Like it'll lie me high, right Well, you have a happy holiday Want to know something other listeners might talk about okay? Yeah There's another pleasant story during a holidays. Okay as the beat goes on when the game we're gonna beat this not audio. Okay. You put But that's like they said before that's the American fucking one You can never say that too often so who was it a West tiny 10 in a Christmas Carol who said it puts the elotian in your Christmas basket something like that Here's a adventura hello adventura Going once you know how will they aren't adventura? Maybe they expire on us. I think they I think they croaked Open line and grow one in date five six seven oh five sixty five sixty five sixty on the mobile one line You say mobile in South Miami, hello Well, yeah, sir Okay first time call how are you doing okay? This and I I heard a woman on another video this morning Who I called up and she said that she thought that the the president of the United States was an embarrassment to this country What's up in bitch? I think she got it back with I think what she meant to say was that it is country is an embarrassment to the president of what they're doing in Right I don't know anyway, look at show man. Okay, thank you. Yeah, this president is screwed around the many Yeah, we used to come clean with a sort of speak in fact, it would have come clean Gordon or a place without that dress. We wouldn't have all this mess Would if you don't have the dress you do not have the mess. That's what Johnny Cochene said I'm the routine good tonight And then of course they had Chris Darden on freql time and he said I don't give a sh** Which I think is basically where a lot of people feel like let's get that over with and let's get on with the important stuff like killing set and who's saying in the Bomb and in the Stone Age 74 percent that's a that's a tumultuous response from the American public and only 13 percent our negative And those 13 percent are probably doing their trend lot blow up dial right now as I speak Anybody by the way seen the new mice are lately can't find him for lover money Here's South Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm Neil First time core Are you great? I want to send you the rest of the money to put you over the top Okay, can I have an address and all that other good? Yeah, George will give a team We appreciate hang on okay tell him what it is, but in the meantime we don't want to stop the other thing Okay, because that's you know, I'm sure he's gonna do it which we appreciate very much Well, just that I had that on the total But I mean I want to have it right in my hand here during the show and the money too, okay? So that's great take care of that fine gentleman. We appreciate that profusely We're gonna I'm telling you you've got only the 17 to December which by the way today is very important Anniversary when most of you don't know about Today's December 17 1998 December 17 19 17 19 76 22 years ago today Guess who came out of the closet on WKAT 22 years ago today They'll cut how do you like that and he's still out of the closet he still hasn't got back in they keep time go back in and it keeps poking his head out Twenty two years ago. I remember should live and said oh Okay, go ahead. I don't know but I'll be but oh that's okay Nice gone said how you doing you still a shell and for all those for FPNL or the state of Florida These are good guys. They're never full of freight train Oh, I see you said it again We hate me like poison because he keeps saying those awful cliches like he never stole a guy there for a lot else Would you say he never stole a Mazda he never stole a what? Never stole a Mac truck How would that be never stole a Mac truck Well, choose don't drive Mac trucks. So we know Sid live in never stole a Mac truck, right? Here's that well the only two I know the drove a truck Her name was yeah, I forgot about her a diesel truck right Randy is that correct? Here's a mobile in derail hello Me, how you doing great good listen I called George yesterday because that Buffalo building that you're playing The people in this town don't understand what that what that is or how to relate that I I can't understand that But funny is a bit that you play in you You know, I we've played at 7,000 times over at in each time I have to change my underwear What is a Buffalo bill That is awesome How could there be anybody who doesn't especially if they saw the movie who's debating with us that it didn't come from the movie? They don't get it. It's not funny. I'm serious man. These people need some serious ass This is just the fact that it's a that you can tell it's a clay claw that somebody is Stayed on the phone that long with somebody doing that right that's a good point I said that to George is one of even if he didn't see the movie just hearing it is enough to make your scream and how Exactly, you know, I've got a couple things. Yes, sir. I I heard you on the radio because I've listened to you forever and I'm a native Floridian and I've lived in this town forever I don't call as much as I should you are My choice and agnostic as I correct an atheist and 18. Okay, all right I am by choice the Catholic and that's okay Everyone's entitled to believe in what they want to believe in All right, isn't there and correct me some wrong in in the country? Those are the way the larger written there's a separation of church and state for for for business sense and for religious purpose Every and these these questions I'm gonna post you are just rhetorical because this is something A life when I talk about it's just got me cheesed off. Yeah everything that we have warranty was everything that we buy Has this claim was in it and everything Active God exactly now if you're you being alive. Oh my car make sure they stuck an active And then I like it a lot, but what if if in your case you don't believe in God? Let's like this jackass this morning area yesterday called me instead about Clinton while we put his hand on the Bible Who cares you put his body Bible? Oh every president when they get sworn in they put their hand on the Bible and they still I see their teeth like regular In motion every other guy damn one so what the hell's that guy? God through the name exactly and the other thing you I'll stick my hand on the Bible and tell you whatever you want to hear anything you like and any time that you write the date And this again It has nothing that it's not a conflict with religious belief But it's something that's ingrained or that just people do is that it's an automatic thing anytime that you write the date 1998 is saying that you believe it 199 years ago Christ was born I mean actually that is that's an autonomy And that's what that represents and people Domino is the biscuits absolutely Uh-huh That's what that that's what that symbol I don't think that don't get all of that out of here just remember one thing There's no fact in the church. It's a glacier belt. Have a great holiday I got someone to do it quick Okay, see Jim low green door. I remember that must be hand-to-green door by Jim low He's to be this Jackie WNEC near WCN sure is not the same Jim low because I'm sure that one is dead green door I'm not wreckage by the way in 1956 Why don't my older user one? No, 11 after you're noon at 5. 60 WQM Neorodges Saturday morning And his volleyball is a Tom Hussein What a mess This adventure of a rocky and bowling Did I didn't get this about to be okay? Give me that crystal ball He got all the wrong sides of the bunker You have to be poem will help To them to end or one black doubt soon and just like your oil your smelly and groom And most did you say your square or friend? Oh you need walking too He's over there. It'll be there. It'll be there. Who are you? What do you know about this? Don't let me ask my empty The old And the aircraft Join us next night for oils well that as well or kiss your cash good ball Hey, most what weather forecast for today for me Oh Here racking and bowling Saturday morning on new collotions About 16 at 5. 60 WQM so Eric up on Orlando who does a great job on our website up there has the Distransmitter over 650 dollars in order to care all but that's no fun And also what told us that the racking bowl and cool thing is on the best of noon 1991. Thanks, Eric You're the best but I'm not gonna put that in the toilet because that's no fun I'll put that like in parentheses and later Well because I want these bastards to come by and say how to crisp and give us some cash in the hand right now You don't want to say otherwise it's kind of like an anti aircraft and anti climatic Two open lines in days five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Somebody also facts is also whole song of the dance about the silence at the lands With Anthony Hopkins in that little bug. I mean with the journey foster and All about the buffalo bill and but I beat but I boop and Hannibal lecture and it and you know there it is And I would only some of you people either suffering from CA convenient to Alzheimer's or you just You know need to see it two or three or four more times it works so large and in the best or every time just like a charm Worked for ten and it's dead and it's dead Okay, so we have $106 to go and he said it that is a door nail over there Chris said over at 163rd in busking in the X on station southeast corner X on it at the station this gain in 150 Third we need another three hundred six dollars in our hand in cash right now and then we'll add all the other stuff on later One but I want to have it like in my hand Because when I see something good I like having it Two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on our mobile one line Did I just say that before I'll stay it again Here's a mobile on the alley hello Hey, you know I wasn't surprised at all when I heard that comment about the high school football player. Yeah I kind of kind of doesn't surprise you about Miami also that surprised you that nobody's called and and it's just that But I've got something I kind of want to get here If I ever surprise you when the people don't call and discuss any of the very provocative important things that we discussed on his show Not at all but could you rather have very unique neighbor be just a plane ordinary cool or he can and get some important topic Well listen they'll on this whole 1972 dolphin Saying I can't believe That nobody finds it just a bit odd that all these guys are sitting around watching their TV rooting for A team that to break their record. I think it shows the very The most important fact of mirror family not Exactly my point You know something see I keep hearing about this stuff about those guys in the fact is I hate to break the news to them Denver lost to the giant slays week and so Even though this game is still tremendously important to the dolphins You know it's you know meaningless You know that they show it on TV on like CNN all these Do often You know from the champagne And just looped it up when well a nice an ego thing with a lot of these guys don't understand Yeah, but I think I've got like a little more you have a legal problem These are good garbage that a bit haircut every other record that's been broken You see people go down there and like when Tony Dorf said that his record broke and he goes in a tent It's kind of like they like when they dragged out to cash it with baby with body when Hank Aaron hit number 75 You know I dragged the baby and there they go for I don't do it. I don't you know You know, that's just so much better than these guys these gravy trainers the whole mind I just What happened 17 18 years Yeah, I just I was I did a great accomplishment and that's said over and so on and it's been talked about Adnozium, but hopefully they'll all accomplish something more significant in their lives than that I can't wait for the day when it is broken and always get out TV trash it and How everybody how well and our day with a lot harder to do and this team we could have be that team and And all like it stuff anyway Just one year opinion because I didn't want to call those the worst team because I knew what would happen Oh, you know, especially with Joe, you know in fact I heard you know I don't want to give it to him because I'll get off on the long tangent have a great holiday Because I heard him doing the bitty moenie nothing is worrying me And I thought oh, not again. I mean Danny's great. He's been great We love LK and people are bashing him and he's this and he's at and it's so boring and so tired and so worn out And plus Joe and Danny basically I think take showers together when there's spare time. So what what you know? What's the point? 5670560 pump 560 on a mobile one line Here's Cape Coral. Hello. They meal. Yes sir. How are you? I'm going to reverse and back to you and happy holidays I wanted to let you know yesterday I was listening in my shop to Public radio because I've gotta have it on in here. Yeah, and Well, and I wanted to use because we heard that they were gonna be taking the show and using calls To use your show. It was great. Did they really? Yeah, they used your regular on you know folks that were You know, but I'm on the on the right side of things when it comes to Clinton, you know I want to be great if they're going on public radio and said it works the low salt or the best Hell yeah, that would have been the best but I mean I heard it now it's like I'll be damned I wonder if he knows this is on yeah, I guess they called Blossomity per per version to do that We said sure well, we don't care. We know you got 20 or 30 listeners It was good and yeah, they did you write because I mean I mentioned your name today really I'm a god black national pubic radio. Yeah, I love them a lot. I was pretty happy about it What for them great if you ever if you get a chance could you do the one about the The kid my confessional The kid the confessional father knows best. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Yeah, oh We don't want to know what we know we don't want to get that guy to call before that Catholic caller because obviously takes it very very seriously In the 50s Robert young made people laugh and father knows best now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best step into the confession or Billy I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this way Oh Billy I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking Father knows that it's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private sea for all the fun Just enter the rectory from the rear. All right Billy boy each time for your flute lesson But father your flute has only one wall and it doesn't make it a lie. Oh, here's where Billy He's will Father knows that once you've seen this news sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it Living in for those yet to see Peter Father knows that going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here There's no fact in the church. You know I've always wondered until this moment I always wondered why those priests make each altar boy kind of kneel over the collection plate while they're massaging their private parts it works so large and in the basket two open lines in date 567560 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line here's a crawl spring. Hello Crossbrings 21s our good post personal friends at crawl springs that we raised $1,100 You have the day and they're not there. Well two men 15 minutes and 38 seconds they waited are they still there? Oh long gone You lose Open line and Broward two in date five six seven worth pony tail with that food by the way. I'm Malawishing over here as they say in the red China Now with the front say I'm halishing over here Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Yes, sir. I had it fun to answer your poll question. I'd rather live next to a heat gun Yeah, and there's my grandfather's sol once said I've lost on my shoes and now I can't see still good Okay, whatever you say I don't it was whatever he said I say amen Second that emotion whatever it was open line and Broward five six seven five six and pomp five sixty on the mobile one line what did he say his grandfather Abraham Solomon one said What he said Here's a mobile in pomp and oh hello Did that guy was talking about the dolphin 70 two season really say 17 18 years ago Yeah, well, it's closed 27 26 by 17 18 that's in the ball park double figure. Yeah, yeah Really what I call about was I was the Joe Robby Stadium a couple years ago when I was attending Marlin games And I went up to a concession stand there was a one of the girls that works behind the counter there She had an gameplay gun and I swear EAP I T H a why was her name the pithia Yeah, right Great, and she said her mother didn't know how to spell that me but she did the best she could I bet you her brother be name Anthony And he probably put your ocean in the past if it works the lotion in the basket Okay, we have an open line a day one at Broward Five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the mobile one line I guarantee there are 20 million people all over this town that are going over to walk it around saying it puts the ocean in the bars and other people Are not part of our fraternity here are looking at him like huh like what what do you what should be saying man? You better get with it okay because if you're not walking around saying it works the lotion in the basket then you're not crap, okay? We had a bumper sticker like that you know if if you don't like country you wait if you wait What was that thing say? Oh, you don't want to talk about it says if you wait country Something you ain't shot or something like that or you should be shot 560 560 560 on the mobile one line a ankle burgeon with two we got the books to rip six some Mr Orange head And we got at capital in ten o'clock for all your compulsive chronic gamblers out there We're looking going to cruise ships moves on your money By the way, how's everybody with a house fun cruise are they still operating? How do you like that? What at Broward Sheriff's thing and Bobby butterworth that thing sure works like a shark Oh, yeah, put them right out of business Yes, still for ten nobody nobody Oh my scene now that's the problem because I you're I just that's my mistake. I should never go on here and read this thing about the 650 that Eric is facting us Well, we don't want Chris hanging out there with nobody wants to come by We want you to come by if you want this stuff if you want to see these and cosets and the t-shirts and you really feel it You feel it. Oh, well, pretend you feel it. Okay, you're probably used to that 163rd and viscaner in North Miami On the x-on station southeast corner Chris is sitting there like twittling it and it's thums too because there's nobody around All we need another 360 spots that's 15 people 15 and uh three 20 people to come by there 15 people in one digit They're come by over there in the episode between onto a clock and get us like cash in hand over 100 grand They say I love his cap who That what we're doing is wrong But I don't care what they say Because my love is so strong They tell us we should be ashamed Well, that was but in white But I cherish each moment with you So good My prison bitch my prison bitch You're not a life of a man I'm glad we share a prison cell when like go out at things I can't do Well, no, that will be a crime As long as I am to a new I don't mind the entire All through a five prison bitch my prison bitch and I have the only threat I got you forward and embarked and a pack of cigarettes at first human worry's a system But now you are my friend I knew that I would give you in the end I can't dare to worship from Oh Ty replace You're the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the's only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one whose forma your and your My prison bitch, I'll never think goodbye You're not like no real mother Too bad they had to die On the second bath I'll sing a song If you want to hear Your prison bitch is never leaving you You're the first one I'm so late But now you're not a normal man I'm so afraid I'm so afraid You're not a normal man You're a normal man You're a normal man You're a normal man You're a normal man You're always the prompier Okay, thank you Jeff Collt And the workman is people up are coming by And not to, you know, have in too much conversation in here And bring great food I'll write the luscious video I got meatball I got sausage, I got a little bit of the inside of a cow's own The stuffing of it And so I guess Chris is a dying over there at 153rd in the skin Which he did, you know, he keeps pushing it He keeps pushing it like it ain't gonna happen over there I told him that North Army bitch is exposing spores But he keeps trying to push it Are we stuck at 410? Is that to deal? We got nothing nothing beyond that That's because I made that bad mistake of reading that facts America, I should have saved that right for the bitter end So anyway, they're gonna move to another location which will be fine with us Like over by Evan Chura Which again, Dave County, they're obsessed with Dave County You got this fixation on Dave Do we have any audience in Dave? No Here's the fact, it's that I'd like to come by your appearance This Saturday that I have no idea how to get to this particular border store I'll be coming up for Miami, it says Do I take the turnpoints? Why take 95? What are the directions? I call the actual store and was left on hold for 10 minutes Without any ask, ifens Well, here you go whoever sent me the facts All the ways you've come up to her she eyeway The turnpoints are 95 And you get off on sunrise Boulevard And go west young man, old man, whoever you might be Just keep going west all the way through I mean, just go west and west almost through all the arena Out to plantation acres And there on the right hand side is you're going west You'll see a best buy And then you'll see a big free standing borders And there's an end of co-station on the other side of it And the borders is where we're gonna be known to to this Saturday I'll ask the parents of the thing for this year The best of meal stuff including whatever seeding Because that's we have from previous years which we still have some of those Including meals nugget that has the bridge tender and some of the other ten And the ask stuff that you keep bugging us for that we don't have one here again Got it? Oh good So they're gonna move to another location and see if we can't knock off that 306 by the end of the day See it's just anti climactic To do it like on a fax like that and say, oh well here it is You know, great but we want the more the merrier We want it in our hand Here's Miami hello Miami Hey, you know, yes sir Two things we wanted to talk you about it was kind of interesting last night I was Proving through the station and it happened to go through each one of them went through six ten Oh my god I went through a ricken sub show And it was kind of interesting that everybody's talking about the bombing Oh my god Yeah, we went over to your station And of course there's gimbal campers talking about the Dan And then nothing going on Oh no that's what I was asking for I was wondering of course how many people got a wee little bit listening at that point Because I sure was not with blue to my TV before went for the hotfrogans Well, lots of the bombs bursting in air listening to Jerry Solomon Taring on like a rabbit dog and I was just like two minutes just a day ago Jesus, you're still talking about this Well, now what time was this? Um, this is I would say about six o'clock or seven o'clock somewhere that never heard Oh my god Yeah, now it's not one of the things that I said when I first came over here I was going to be on an all sports station that if we have a war If like the end of the world comes if we have another major hurricane We didn't have one I was on vacation at one time or hurricane Come blowin through here just as George and We are totally unprepared to deal with this stuff. Yeah. Well, hey At least we'll get to late escorts There you go. I have to get the odds on it. Bon that girls volleyball game But I said right Absolutely. We're also going to get that. You're going to get that TNIOD Oh, when's going to give that to him? Oh, no way we got it Well, the other thing I want to talk to you about was funny because A lot of people that I was sitting here and talk about this Clinton thing with me See all few basically the same which is you know this is just a big thing a bullshad that's going on And they'll be deal well last night I'm sitting here over at worst somebody walks in and he begins to start talking to me in about two minutes into the whole conversation I said see you listen to Russianman, but don't you and he says well yeah, okay I did not say well, I guess the storm trip or boot should have like kept me off But I'm not a material Did he keep saying did I did I'll did I'll Oh, no actually he kept talking about how Clinton's been doctors working in the storm Yeah, tell him tell him to spin this tell him to homens spin his weightle Well, you know, you probably get a little cheap throw out of that And then stick it on back home right now. This is terrible in that order. Okay. Have a great holiday You too, but by the way Two upalines in date five six seven. She's the only the old die hard the real right wingers The tried in the true. I mean if Clinton came in for the holidays in broken Twenty thousand dollars in cash and put it under God in Hanukkah, Bolshevik Christmas tree If they're in that category, they still hate him like poison. Oh, gee, he said it again It's still say he stole a free train Five six seven. Oh good lunch today by the way from pizza locked thank God. I thought of it excellent I'm standing five six seven. Oh five fifty and five sixty on a mobile one line Beware of exploding balls Stop bombing back dad Who with everyday a ride I want to watch it on TV. I write I I Should take a day With just what a nice to mix I write I Want to wake up and see their cities don't exist I'm not a scene We're really pissed you're on the my skin that little piece of He get away I'll get down off to make your hits Now we all know we To bounce I Right I want to wake up and see their city Is a one to fifth And say that when number one Call the heat We can't be beat But can we have one But Bombing Why not Let's take your heart a Miss That old When all the parts of their I'll do a show With that There and say goodbye I I I Thank you Okay, yeah Twenty four Yes, twenty four It's thirty forty seven it's eighty seven back then Twenty way they're going to have the impeachment hearing Sprite and Saturday now is what they're saying or they say Saturday and Sunday Jesus, just shut the thing up what does it say It's been caught the Friday Friday and Saturday like I said And they have well quick butcher on it for just a second And I bought bracket is on there on CNN going That's a party and Saturday impeachment debate. Okay The word about momentum the Republican Now they just got through I was listening He said don't worry about the big mo okay because he signed for eighty million Dollars a year and big show will go on he's going to be okay Don't worry about that you got us in the bag and whatever you pay This that was good enough and even kind of my vote. That's what they said Two open lines in day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Give you something to do over to became anyway Here's what lot of deal hello Yes, hello Yes sir Well, I'll come here all I can do this. Thank you for the last 15 18 years of listening to you Been great I Can have believe this trend a lot what I don't know if I can say this worth of beat me what a schmuck This guy comes out we got a war situation going on We're finally taking care of it. And he goes well. I don't know if I trust the president Hmm, yeah, I'm sorry reading Well, you know, I'm listening. I'm eating and I'm listening I can do both at the same time. I hear you I know what's astonishing, but I can do it. All right. Well, you know, they got to Most important in his teachment waste of time going on so that we if they pass these Article of intentions which it looks like they will we're going to have six months approximately Testimony from this land a trip from Monica low. Yeah, we know we don't want to waste what they want That's what the Republican guard that's what they want they're doing this for what purpose I'm doing it because they got a bug up their ass because they got a hard on for Bill Clinton And they want to stick it to them and that's it And nobody can don't confuse them of the fact they kind of be well here. They don't care. You're preaching the choir sir They do not care. We got 12 million more people have a great holiday. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line don't confuse Indiana gross laden and any clay shop and all your other legislators out there don't confuse them of the facts Because they got their mind made up and they got their under control they got you don't have to think I got you under my thumb Well somebody's got them under his thumb. It's thumb and that's it like Tom Delay he's got them under his thing Here's a lady in plantation hello. Hey Neil. Yes, man. How are you great? Listen. I go to ask us you so I don't get to listen to all the time Right, um, do you think they'd ever accept you up there and I'm put up a state? If they would want ever take you up there. I mean I'm put in a state. No never right? No. I also in turn for the attorney general I heard your little fellow them. About one. Oh, you mean about the cruise ship then yeah, he's an asshole Bobby Butterworth. He's a major asshole. Well he's a kibbasin. Nick money. Well, that's all accounts. I mean, you know as long as the Czech square That he's still an asshole a goody two shoes funny balloon. Listen, uh, since I don't get to hear you did you play something get to me Maybe like one. I don't know. I'll get to your you and tell us. You just don't for Christmas. Okay. That's a prize me. Okay. Thank you. Have a happy you too You think I'd like that nice young lady there first lady in the day I do believe in my right. Yeah, thanks So well, they're busy. They're cooking. You know Christmas goodies like mongol bread stuff like that Overlighted Broward to a day. County five sticks seven, oh five 60 pump five 60 animal will one mind. That would be good thing to play. Huh? Christy. No, she said not Christmas something good not Christmasy for quite a lot Something entertaining something she would a lot of part of what the augmentation phone is now now how about This will be kind of fits you. I did So does you Who's in it? Who's in it? Well, yeah, I come on. They're up with it. And I'm in it. So, yes. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy now? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What is your home? Erica Hoode, Ripple. The Duke's bag. Need more than 430. And they're there. Or 430. So, others, we got another 20 bucks on them. Supposedly, you said it about them. Wait, didn't you hear what is, uh, we're Chris Winnett, okay? See, they're trying to give us a handy crap. Make it just a little bit more difficult. 99,714. I'm not adding an Eric's money, yet until we get, you know, because that really is slow to sound of a crawl. I know you mean well, Eric, but but out for right now. But, um, what, well, you hear what they are right now with a QM van. You're going to absolutely, uh, Gord's Gord's Gord's Gord's Gord's Gord's. What yourself? I guarantee that they're in Hallendale. How do you like that? Oh, they're going to find their audience. Maybe Sunny Rose and Berville come by with a few. Oh, that's right. Got it. They're on a corner of US one in Hallendale Beach Boulevard and the Northwest Quarter in the Shell Station there, huh? We got to have what? Four, five people under the age of 100 in Hallendale. Maybe one or two? Okay, I said, maybe. And we need another 286 bucks, boy. It's your slow down after I mentioned that, uh, we're all, uh, unofficially over the tough. We want officially over the top. That's why we're having its pizza lot of lunch and having a celebration today. And all of the sudden we slowed out of a crawl. Just because they're going into places where we couldn't find a audience of our lives dependent on it. Well, I think you're nitpicking now. So tomorrow on Saturday, back to impeachment. Okay, after a couple of days of bonding, laundry heads, we go back to speech meant tomorrow. A lot of people saw him last night wondering what the speech meant. Once you're wondering, here's Orlando. Hello. Yes, sir. Make sure as usual. Uh, of course. So yeah, along I've been listening, uh, after you were talking about Joel from tap on he's a lot of guys. But I remember him. I remember him. That reason we're calling. And if you don't want to put it out over the air, maybe George could tell me. You keep talking about Eric. And I've tried and tried to tuck him down. I thought I was a big fan, but he sounds like he's been listening a long time. Uh, I'd like to find out who he is. Maybe, off to him, the web page is great. The middle Rogers archives. Yeah. Beautiful. Eric Harold. Eric 1. Harold. What paper is it? The Harold. The Harold. No, it's on some people. He mail him at Eric at Neil Rogers.com. Oh, thank you, brother. There you go. George. And uh, could I make a request? Yes, sir. How about I'll kick the out of you. Oh, that sounds good to me. Thank you very much, Neil. And have a great life. Bye, bye. I want to see. Okay. Is that okay? Okay. Thank you. That's why he all read keys saying, you know. Use poison gas. I'm sorry. People's at 10. Jeff's rock and bombs. On the June. Oh, I'm not a my kid. I can't believe that. I didn't lose. That ball tick blew ripped off the phone. If I do recall, I had looked like a cubore. I guess he don't even know. Does something like a baby doesn't want to remember I took the spoon out of you. I thought I was messing with my ass. I ed your head in like a name or like, Dark, crazy life. Yeah, if me I would give me the juice Would he I'd give the house I don't know So they caress, they seized crazed I'd hear moth like the cat Stoke down my ears And no tear me up the juice Or if he I'd give the house One with his child was blown You know when you're doing the same Like a love to see people he even has no mercy And he's like me See this moth shot with some new juice You can't keep it quiet Let me be I'll kick the hook I'll kick the shit I said I'll kick the shit Out of you I'll kick the shit I'll kick the shit But Neil Roger show Now on five, six, three WQAF Miami Fort Lauderdale It's the water to see the water I'm teasing Like a wild, crisp jump Upside the juice and get home I love to vary I don't know how to do this I don't know how to do this I don't know how to do this I don't like I know I don't know how to do this Like a wild, crisp jump And how we all must think and act as life Not to think, you'll never have to throw up here Yeah, wouldn't make me wonder for this Everybody in the world is right and twisted And look at the same and set the same things Warring, I don't think so No, to leave that would be paradise And to re-public the way I'll be using to like go wild And with young and how we all must think and act as life All the games black and yet alive must die Until everybody is from the rest of the world And what? One, two, three, five, six You have to do it, you have to do it, boys and girls We made it, we made a hundred grand percent One, actually, we're over the top Nice going Neil, thank you Beautiful gentlemen from precious little people portrait Say that 100 times fast, come on Precious little people portraits Game of the check, we're 286 bucks over there And hell in the hell, how do you like that? I put a $2,000 mark, thank you Seriously sir, so what does that mean? Is Chris going to go get late now or what? No, he's just there, go to stick around there Wow, what a guy That's a, in fact, people have another rape party right there on the corner Yes, Helen Dale, they're raven about it US-1 and Hell Dale Beach Boulevard, the shell station on the northwest corner We're still going to continue to be there for another hour till the end of the show today Just because we got to 100 grand, does that mean we stop now? No, we keep plugging along there, just to piss off, buddy, and Evan's and Wayne Two open lines in Broward one in date, all the questions are Thursday here 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five, 6, the only AT&T wireless line Power 96 is in there, brand new studios up on the third floor Which means the rest of us can't be far behind Even I know everybody else, especially Hank is going to miss the right and Fested bug and Fested toilet, a place that you could, if you saw with your own eyes You wouldn't believe the kind of conditions in that other building over there on Sheridan Street Uncannotary would be a major compliment, uninhabitable would be the understanding of the century So won't be long now, sometime in the new year, okay? Sometimes, don't get too carried away, but sometime Here's Bokeh, hello Yes sir I just want to say more for the impeachment process Yeah, because he's chronic Yeah, chronic Okay, we have an open line in Broward one in date See, I don't care if you want to see your offer impeachment, that's fine But not chronic from Bokeh, please 560560, pump I've 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Palm Beach, hello Palm Beach Going once, Palm Beach is gone Okay, Palm Beach, be gone, we're done with a couple now, 560, 750560 See, we got to the 100 grand mark, we haven't a big, everything's going great You know this crowd They don't like what things are going to well, I've discovered that, it's taken me 100 years to figure it out And we really start rolling along, rocking and sucking, that's when these people just jump, they flee Like there's a goddamn bombscare, bombscare and bag there By the way, here's old General Shelton up there, what's he hooking it trying to He's got the diagram more than 50 targets hit in the first wave of attacks And you ain't see anything, he's sick and you ain't seen nothing yet For a general, I think that's a little bit, you know, embarrassing, but he's singing it And he's meaning it Here's North Miami, hello Hello, how are you today? I'm great, and great, Steve Cain is along, I'm super cook I guess what we don't care if he's on or whether you're glad he's no longer on Two open lines, a day two and a broad, 560, we're not interested in old cronics from 100 years ago I don't know who you are, but quite frankly, does it really make a difference at this point? No, go away, go away sir, go back to Mr. Ego, go back to Alice Randtell and move out to LA And listen to the, okay ABC and listen to the Alice Randtell show and hear what a self-hating thing Sounds like, you know to my face, we're at 756 and it's not a shell at the showground Well, you said shell, Mr. God, dammit, what? Huh? By the way, some people are objecting vigorously to you, projecting the impression that Chris regeth laid a lot Dammit, oh, I like who? Like him? No, he likes that impression, yeah, but other people are crying for that Like who? Who's that? I don't want to mention Joe Castello by name, but he says it's absolutely not true He's a desperate, he'd come Who Joe is desperate or him too? Yeah, well, when we were at shells a couple of weeks ago, Joe was talking about the date that he had like Sometimes next July, remember he said he met that real life-looking blonde and he had some I had a written down, and July, I don't think it was next year, I think it was like a Y2K problem Something like that Well, why should Joe have trouble getting late? This because he's got that Roman nose. Joseph, good guy. He looks kind of human. Huh? You got to be more than a good guy, I can't. And Chris, I mean, Chris, you know, Chris has got a few bucks. Okay, all your ladies out there. Chevron station over there in Hellendale. Hellendale Beach Boulevard, US1. He's the nephew. He's Gregory Neffy, he's part of the family. Maybe he's got a few bucks laying around. There you go. Just walk up to Chris and say, Longest for Steve Ours. And you'll be all set. You'll be in like Flynn or is it the other way around? Two open lines and date. Five six seven, five sixy, pomp, five sixy on the AT&T wireless one. To like I said, Chris Reed over there hasn't gotten late in the eight months and he's desperate and if there's anybody over there, even that's a lie. He's not cheesy. Even if he got some pets that are horny, bring them on by. And if you got one of those cats, all God do I hate cats. You know the kind of like, like, sign these, isn't that the kind that rub up against your leg and just like in a real connoissee? That's creepy. That's the definition of creepy. We got people around this building. We got overgrown children who are saying that this thing. Get the option in the best. Now that's not creepy. That's just directly funny. That's peeing your pants funny. But cats rubbing up against your legs. That's creepy. If I walk into somebody's house and smelling their, you know, that delity litter box that kitty, oh, that's creepy. That's the crappy crappy and creepy. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Woo! Okay. Great. Okay. Open lines and date. Five six, seven, five, sixy and pomp, five, sixy. On the AT&T Wireless line, happy new year to you, too, sir. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. First time caller, while time listener, moved to your Bob 5 years ago from Pittsburgh. From Pittsburgh, bad game last night, sir. Look at you. Pretty stale. One half, and I was reading a paper about the thing was, how would they go bankrupt? Like, yeah, leave it all that money. Well, you know, when you're peeing, I'm very all-admoney and you're paying y'all who are all that money. And when you're not drawing, really as many people as you claim that you are. And when you don't have like the big revenues coming in because Pittsburgh is a small market, they don't have all the big TV and radio rights that they do in New York and a lot of the major markets. And as a result, they look at the pirates. It's a Pittsburgh thing. It happens that would regularly, because it's a small market trying to be major market and they're just not making it. And that has to be one of the oldest stadiums to the Civic Arena. And they'll all go, they'll all go. And don't forget, these four mario came along. The penguins almost went bankrupt then. They almost had a movie leave town. It came within a whisker. Right. Okay, that's all I got. Love you. Okay, good luck, you pal. And the Marty Strucker's God. He's playing great ballads today. Marty Strucker's playing the best hockey in his life. And two bad Doug McLean didn't like him. We might still have him on the team here, God damn it. 15 goals. Nice going, Marty. Skating like the wind. Oh, and by the way, I do want to say this, which will make the organization happy. This kid that they brought up with those names named Radotak, Rad Chuck. This dude of judgment. This kid look great last night. He's skating like the wind. Nice going, Arada. Tack. Look pretty good. They county lines open 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line 109, a QA with your eye. This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than new Rogers. We don't enter make a tent, a child of being. Take out the fence, or catch whoever's seen. I want to give you a kiss. Swoop and gun to smoke. You'll be carried last summer in the gun, you'll be back. Smoke get every day until you're long surrounded. With all the funding that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign names. America and tourists are here and say, got nothing like this in the US. They smoke. Smoke got smoke smoke. They light up this plant. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke got smoke smoke. They gun to be good. Oh my God. I'm not helping on you, I read on stop man. You like to smoke to join us, if whenever you can. Then maybe put on makeup and files around. Subbiding for two, five, the ounce and it comes. Rats command the gates of our, armor you right. It can't be good tonight and this one. Smoke got smoke smoke. They light up this plant. Smoke, guns, smoke smoke. Smoke got smoke smoke. They gun to be good. 26. It's 5. 60. WKM. The best of whatever they got. A lot of work to do over there in Holland. They will all rate concerts going on when sunny Rosenberg. A lot of work to do in Holland. So we got a hundred thousand, 135 bucks. We're going strong at the Chevron station. As we're Chris is standing by waiting for more donations. Waiting to sell more of our best of stuff. Waiting to get laid and whatever else. Chevron station on the northwest corner of US one. And Helen deal beats full of art. So if there anybody among those torques that we have over the other building. Who is actually getting laid every now and then. They just talk about it a lot. Because I hear it awful lot of conversation all the never ending. And stuff about guilty guilty is like I'm constantly here. And how do you get laid when you have no equipment? What? You all the is hung like a moose? That's what I hear. Well, how would the people here know if guilty is hung like a moose? Unless they've seen it. On a sports station and you're telling me that we have guys in his building. Who have seen guilty's penis? Or I didn't say the guy's told me. Well, I said I'm restraining myself. So desperately right now. We have an open line of day five six seven. Oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Thank you. There's the awardee board is doing it hovering over it. Here's an immobile and the old baby. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Well, I got to give you credit. You sure they call like stalker thing a few years back. Yeah. You love the guy and you were talking them up so much and he's turned out to be. How could you not see it? Every every shift every time you went out there on the ice. Like making things happening five he escaped like the low the wind and it and the game two nights ago when he Be just barely beat Tampa Bay. Yeah. And then the game last night. He's playing the best of his career right now. He's making moves. He picked Carcness Pocket last night with the score that goal. And by the way, Carcness played a great game other than that last night for the first time a long time. Nice going. Terri is about time. But I'm telling you this kid is playing so great. Yeah. Did you see Eddie Jote almost take Barnes and that off? Yeah. Yeah. That was a smart play by the way. I got a special hand. He was a genius. He's a rocket scientist. All the all say this and all fairness. He was flying last night. They all were. They all played a pretty good game. Yeah. Including our buddy showing work. Yeah. Sean played. I tell you once every six weeks he'll play a game like that. The rest of the time he'll take the joint out. But once every few weeks, when he least expected. So we're because he's capable of doing that. But he just he's just doing consistent. He looked good. He just looked quicker last night. More on top of him. Yeah. He was great last night. The rest of the barash was great too. Well, you know, they gave barash those number two star. Yeah. I didn't think that. You know, they gave me one of the three in a game. Of course, Sean Burke won. What do you mean, Melon B3? What about Whitney that scored the right? I thought it would be what it would have been. How could it not be a little right? Whitney that scored the winning goal. I thought of these people out of their mind. Really? Maybe. Yeah. Well, the empty net or I mean, yeah. Billy is the recipient of two nice to holiday gift early. He got an ice gift from Eric Weinrich. Formerly of the black ox, which I think was his ticket out. But he got that gift goal. I won the two to one Chicago game here a few weeks ago. I've got a nice gift for them. I'm talking a Pittsburgh defense is so bad. They got, you know, a lot of great offensive players, not just Yager and Barnes and Strocker, but they got your Montetoff and they got Kovalev who served to be fighting himself there and playing real good. They got tremendous offense before their defense is really shaky. Doctors, bigger than I thought he was. He could be the strongest player in the league even stronger than Linda Russ. He's not as big as him, but he is as strong as an ox. Do you see how he escaped in on the goal? I mean, he's almost unstoppable. Yeah. And keep in mind that we weren't playing all that good last night either. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Thanks, Theo. Okay, I have a great day. Marty, Strocker, God, we missed you, Marty. Well, man, why we talked hockey for 20 seconds. I turned to mind is one call left in the board. Well, excuse us, okay. Excuse us. How about those leaves? First time Phoenix, give it up five goals all year. They'll leave down two nothing to Phoenix at the end of one of Maple Leaf Gardens. Pat Quinn takes him in the room at the end of the period says, hey, you forgot guys. These guys, this team is in a Western conference. Oh, yeah, we're supposed to beat them and they did four goals in four minutes. Nice goal and goal leaves goal, baby. Oh, all these pudwackers down here. All they got to do is think hog. Yeah, they leave after the second period, like I said, they don't give a crap. 1036. 1036, well, what kind of time is that? Oh, that's when we're dropping more bombs. 1036. Well, that's pretty damn woo. 1036. 1036, little Marty. Huh? Nice lady came by and dropped 100 bucks. Thank you, sweetheart. Let's see, eight, three. It's 100,000, three, every 82 bucks. We're going to keep that. We're going to keep gushing that total up by and spiderweb as going on out there. Open line and Broward, all three in day. They just dropped off the map. Just like Baghdad's going to do over the weekend. They just dropped off the map. 567560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Talk about hockey and last night. Uh-huh. Aaron Brignell needs to go. Why is that? He has sung every night. You know, the National Anthem? What do you mean by that? Same guy, every... Well, of course. And most places have the same guy who's seen it. No, no. That's a mighty, really. Great. Aaron Brignell is God. I love Aaron Brignell. No, no, no. At the Miami Arena, it was a different guy every night. But the nuts were at the end though. He became the regular. They were searching. I mean, what do you want? You want Richard Freeman back? Oh, I don't hear you. Somebody knew him. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They must go, right. And by the way, they still haven't picked the red lights. We still can't see it from where we sit. But I'm just giving up at this point. I don't care anymore. You're a royal. Yeah. I think I do the Hopey Scratch last night. Right. And people like to have red lights are considered. I don't give a sh**. No, I'm just giving up. They don't care about the fans so screw it. Ratch, check? Yeah. Good. And have a nice day. Okay. We have an open line in Dr. Howard Alphry and day. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six. On the AT&T Wireless Line, yes. Ten, if he's six, and Aaron Brignell is Wayne Huzzing is cousin. And I still like. A minor carepiece is cousin if he's kissing, doesn't that? What he is? He's good. Okay. So he booched your up, oh, Canada, a few weeks ago when Otto was here last week, he did a good job. I like how could you look? You people are so freaking negative. How could you be knocking the guy that sings the National Anthem? And I will confess that to not last night. What was the game before that? Who the hell did we play? What was it? But whatever it was. I guess it was the Otto again. And he sang the American National Anthem. He got like a off. He was the he was lost a little bit. He needed a roadmap. I like Aaron Brignell. I don't care if he's his cousin. If he's his nephew. If he's his brother or law. If he's his sister or law. I like Aaron Brignell. I think he did. And it's good having the same brother. I like that guy they had in Boston for years. Renee, what does they ran court? And that Renee like how did he? What about how his name was in Montreal? I spit a frog that's been there for 2,000 years. I like that. And it's been having some goofball come down there that makes it into what ten minutes. I hate those people. They make the National Anthem into a ten minute exercise. And every note has got to be a long drawn up. Like a Jose Feliziano thing. Although I didn't like Jose Feliziano. I love that. That was good. That was 100 years ago, but it was good. And he was saying, oh, is that can you see? And he said no. And that was bad. Well, he started out and saying, oh, say can you see? No. But he's still saying it good. Here's Papino. Hello. No. Yes sir. How's it going? Great. Is it me? Yes. For him I have these things been around for a while that. The Christian fish on the car. Oh, it's been around for a while. Oh, it's been around for a while. But now, it's not. Now, it's not. Now, it's one where they have a big, uh, your filter fish. They have a big Christian fish that says true done it. Yeah. And swimming into the mouth of the big Christian fish. Yeah. Mollipish that says Darwin on it. Oh, it's not cute. Oh. They got you. I got prepared that we talk science, man. I think they just find another, uh, a fossil here. I think it was a hell of a nail. They found a fossil. But sure if they just found another one that goes back 20, uh, 30 years or whatever it held it. Oh, no, the earth's only been here 6,000 years right. We believe you. So for all of the people. Yeah. But that's just another county plot. All that science will grab it. And 80 is heat and plot. For all the nine sounds for the land stands. I've got to cut it up for you, Neil. Yeah. You're original. Oh, great. I'd like to hear that. But as I, as I leave you for the holidays, I'd like to say one thing. Yes. Exercise, like money. It puts the loft in the casket. Hold on. Yeah. That's what the Governor pumpkin shot. How do you get up? Anyway. We're listening. Okay. Okay. Good early here. I put you did say. It works the lotion in the basket. And she said, boy, this is the pit. Yeah. That's what you're going to get. This is the pit. And he still said it puts the lotion in the basket. Open line at Broward 2 and day 5, 6705, 60, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 125 if you weigh in the price. Is that thing real? Govie. Govie. Govie. Talk it on a board show. Try and do the macho. Your boy sounds just like a desert ear, older. A little sport show. What else are you careful? Govie. Govie. Govie. Talk it like a baby. Govie's a little traini. Like a little on the first hand. You don't have like a plan. We both know well about that show. Your throat sounds healthy. Stepping. Stepping. Govie. Your lucky management doesn't have the healthy. You don't belong there on the air. And slowly. So sport can wait till your voice cracked. Of any one who sounds like that should find another job. And say you only take you back when both your baby's dropped. Govie. Govie. Govie. When you're gone to grow up. Give me that one to grow up. You silly, sweet, cool. Govie brought tattling to your free new sexist boy. Thank you. Now die, die, die. You're a hot. You're a hot. You're a hot. You're a hot. You're a hot. You're a hot. You're a hot. Wow. So maybe jelly really is the middle and rural sports radio. And we're not just bluffing. Maybe that's how we got to job. I think that's how we got to job. Pong like a mousse huh? Okay. We have two open lines in date. Five six seven, five six and five six. The on the 18th. He wireless fun. Maybe that's why neither baby ever drop. He's got the high squeaky voice. Maybe there just wasn't any room. Okay. Where we going? Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Okay sir. I got to talk about early. You know, the question fish. How old for DNA to be start clicking the fish stick on there? On the back of our cars. Okay. That sounds good or no. After we eat it or before. Well, we can put like maybe just the chalk the park because we don't need that. You know, that's too. That's too much for. Yeah. Fish we buy some. Okay. Okay. First of the next thing. I think I think that's done. Scoreboard. No. I mean really. It is absolutely ridiculous. I'm trying desperately to enhance my enjoyment and pretend I'm enjoying having a good time going there. After they got it fixed in the second period after the first two embarrassing penalties where the penalty clock was morning. After the second period everything worked flawlessly and they even last night got the out of town scores up there with great regularity in the corners like they did for the first game or two and then they kind of forgot about it. And that was great. I mean, how difficult is that to do? That was dynamite. Well, you know, you know, you know, best they've seen the leaves still on away from Phoenix was great. We don't have some believers that, you know, I go to the sign of games there and there's no problem with the scoreboard at all. Yeah. And nothing whatsoever. I don't know. I think it's the director of operations at the hockey games. I think there's the trigger when the wood pile of the players are actually really is. Yeah. Anyway, so yeah, we're good game. I signed you up for the scoreboard part. And one request. Yes, sir. Can you play it? I don't know. You might play it earlier. Can you play it on my rack song? The one? The bomb on a rack. Okay. Sure. I'm wondering if the very early we'll play it again and again and again again. I'll keep dropping money. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 and day. They counted kind of like faded away after we found out that we couldn't raise any money in day. No, seriously. We've had a move primarily in day county. Although we'll admit that there was a yesterday where it's a pizza locked in there. In day he behind the pirouan imports and absolutely laid a big, even the Iraqis haven't seen a bomb like that recently. So we've had a move right now because we have pockets of audience. Okay. We've got a little pocket over here, a little pocket over there. And the rest of the people are hands around their pockets and they're feeling the change. But if they're not listening to this show or they're just not going to help us out. They may be listening, but they're a bunch of cheap asses. Even in a hell in the Alfaqran, I love we've got 1146 bucks. We're granted over a hundred thousand four hundred and twenty five dollars. All I can say is, thank you all very much. You've been great. We really, this thing just took off like a like wildfire the last week. Didn't let them this thing take off just shockingly. Here's David. Hello. Hey, I'll come to the Alpechanuka. And back to you. You know, somebody must be trying to drive us crazy, putting guilty on the radio. I mean, just happen to listen to that. Oh, Disney character boy. I just can't take it. It's unbelievable. But the voice is bad enough, but the ass sucking torpedoes that comes out of it, that only magnifies it like 10 million times. It's a totally different than I thought he would. I saw him on one of those Panther pre-game things on TV. Yeah, he didn't. I watched one. He looks like a punk, you know, just like an ordinary punk. I know what you mean. Right. You know, how about with a very large penis? Oh, unbelievable. You were talking about the name. Get teal is pretty pretty high up on that list. And then that goes another guy on the same. His name is La Roy, LA, apostrophe, ROI. Was an apostrophe, all right. That's a touch of class when you've been putting the apostrophe in it. I'll really, really, it's a love Roy. Yeah. I've got that one. And then there's just plain, roll. Don't forget him. Plano, La Roy. Right. I thought, I was thinking, you know, if the Clinton was a Republican, I think the Democrats would be doing the same thing. I mean, it's just a game. And they just go back and forth. And did anybody, Well, I think you're missing the point. That is the Republican Party has now been taken over by right wing radical lunatic, phonetical phony Christian, and that's the reason this is going on. You don't think the Republican Party is going a little more moderate. The Republican Party is going, oh my god, you got to be smart. You just belong to the magic mushroom. You're hanging around with roll. You're something. Wow. You might be inhaling somebody else's bad weed. I used to, I don't do that anymore, but yeah. Just for good stuff now. Anybody, what in trials do I have an exercise bike? Well, that's where they found it was the next two was exercise bike. We were working it out. Did they check the speed dial for buddy, McAze fingerprint? Yeah, he did it on there. But too late. They're going to show you a buddy so stupid. Wait until after the election. You're supposed to do it before the election. But he, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, we love you and watch out for the detective. The Marco. Okay. Have a great life. I love what that is. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 in date. 5 6705 60 and pump 5 6. We got the AT&T world of fun. Look Terry the Marco on guiding light is any, by the way. Detectives the Marco. That's right. I forgot all about her. She's Annie. She's this. She's that and Josh. She's like, boy. A whim. Why, all the guys on that show. Every one of them is a whim. Part is a whim. Josh has been turned into a whim, just with shaving lotion. Blah, blah, you're a whim. You know, much of pussy's on that show. Here's a mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That's Tom at a pharmaceutical company. You've come up to not help. We're going to go together tonight. Right. Got a bumper sticker. That impeach Nixon with a circle around his head. Well, tonight's going to be up. Yeah. And it says proud member of the new right wing conspiracy. In piece Nixon or in piece Clinton. Oh, Clinton. Yeah. Nixon. I'm stuck in the 60. 70. Yeah. 70. Part of the new right wing conspiracy? Yeah. Yeah. Probably right next to the little swastika in there would have been the best clue. Okay. We have been open line a day to a browned. 400 and Palm Beach. 272 and four miles. Five and 66. Yeah. And he wants you to plug the location somewhere. I got a news for you. Plug this. Okay. Go plug your. Jesus. Talk about pushing. We got a hundred thousand four hundred and forty five bucks. And then if you over there wants us to plug it. The last one in Halandale Beach Boulevard. The Chevron station run on a corner there. The Northwest corner in Halandale. And Halandale. I think it's a major miracle. We did this well in Halandale. I say it's one of the great seven wonders of the world. The world where they ever changes. Death plus 37. That we're doing so great in Halandale. So just ease off a little bit. Okay. Chris just relax. Take a chill. Get some good weed relax. Sit back. Just call somebody. Rosenberg. He's got the good stuff. 22 till two and five. You can wear that type of juice up right now. No sign of signing. A lot more than those. They say they're worthless. The master's drill sound. Actually we say a couple may have a turn. Bomb here, right? Uh-huh. Still the golf walls. Then in the hospital. I think it's time to give us a good. So it's time to throw those people up. Bomb here, right? Death. Bomb here, right? Till there's nothing left to see. Bomb here, right? Till seven, six feet deep. Bomb here, right? Blow up the creene. Bomb here, right? And then there's a lady in the jungle. And she's a person there. And she's a man there. And she's a fun girl. And I have to do some things. Up here. To ask for someone. To see you after the death. A lot more than that. It's the last thing you can do. To ask for someone here. Carry on. To ask for someone else's. And he's a thing about love for loved love for you. Bought her around. Bought her around. Okay. Okay. I'm toast, this is the big ball. I'm here for a ride. From here on it's James Lomso. I'm here for a ride. 145 at 560 WM, one of the most onksere spactions in history in my hand right now. See some people just don't get the message. Why did we win though? Yeah, hockey game last night. Why did we play so well? Because Andy from Hollywood stayed the hell away. For me anyway. So here's the fact, not leave. Well, not one to leave well enough alone. Here's the fact that says, as you know, I did not come down to see you yesterday. I do know that. But that was hit by myself. Yeah. I'm having a good time already. My girlfriend sent you. Did not want to go down because she is now scared. I think what he's trying to say is sent he's got more comments since that he does, which goes without saying. We would like to come down and give you a gift. Can we? Andy and Hollywood. P.S. I still love you. Well, how can I simply address that? Can we? No. Yeah, I think that takes care of it. Can we come in the? No. No. Can we give you a? No. Would you like to see it? No. I'll talk to Cynthia. I'm no problem with Cynthia because she's not a pain in the ass. She doesn't bother me. She's not a pest. She doesn't send me stupid idiotic crashes. Only one time. So the answer is very simply Andy is. No way Jose. God. One of the game last night because he stayed the hell away. That's the lucky the unlucky term. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Watching the night scope image. There's still traffic over there and bag that God damn it. There's still a lot of me had driving around. Which we're not too happy about that. You notice this time they left all the electricity on. Because they didn't want the hospitals. They didn't want the electricity in the baby milk factory going out. But you know, Peter R. I'm not sure if you go over there and start crying for all the companies. What is it? 1246. Well, so what's he complaining about for Christ 6 100,000 5 45. We're kicking ass in hell and they'll baby. Oh, wow. What I shocked that is you could just to shake me with a feather duster right off this chair right now. Raising some serious bucks in hell and they'll actually fail. Where did we start today? I'm a bum fore place. Some growth test place that he said. Oh, North Miami Beach. I told him it's a game last night. I said forget North Miami Beach. It's not there anymore. It doesn't exist anymore. Chris. Yeah. I thought you had something important. You were looking at there that you were going to show us. What is it? Can you read it from here? It says Peter Bulger is a bumper sticker. Not see? Well, why didn't they have to say bumper sticker in there? Peter Bulger who looks just like that, Torp from the congressman from Florida, the wall with the glasses in the ball head. Oh, God. Every time I see him, I get pains in my back. I get sharp knifeing pains in my back. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. I just wanted to mention to you that my office staff along with myself are really impressed with all the work you've done with the Center 1. And I took the time to make a collection around my company. And we would like to make a donation, you know, Center 1. And I would like to have it, you know, the address of work and I send it in there. Okay. I'm George of a Logivity in the address too. By the way, I forgot to mention this today. When he will broadcast Marlins game. Oh, court channel 33 days to have the heat and even though there was no basketball season, did they have the heat anymore? No. So, when they desperate to find something to put on it, and my convenience besides mash and K-Poffa USA and the some other old stupid reruns like the monsters, when he will broadcast Marlins games and other big winner know that. They'll broadcast 50 to 55 Marlins games per season in association with sports center, or of course, the broadcast the other games. Does anybody care about either situation? No, of course not. There you go. They're given the Wandy. So, channel 33. I guess all their luck with those was it. You p.n. whatever whichever one of the Warner Brothers I can't figure it up is there a bunch of old crappy reruns. bunch of those syndicated sitcoms and stupid idiotic little kid shows and basically that's it. So, nice going there. Very dealer and many Lush-M. They got the Marlins on there. Good. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. You talk about, I just turned it two in your third. Are you talking about bad names, turbo names? That's one of the many, many things that we were at first. I have a two-way. I have a friend. His name is Malik. And Malik putting the Malik. Yeah. Am I name is Sill? It's one. Still. Do you think it's what? Still. It's still. He's telling that you'll never spell it. P.H. Why oh. No. No, see you name pronounce this right. It's S.Y. L.E. S.Y. L.E. Right. Sile. No. Sile. Still. Okay. See you in a while, Sile. Okay. We have an open line in, he thinks his name is Sill, but it's Sile. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, he wireless line. Here's a mobile and dear field B, Sillow. Sounds like Sile to me. Uh-huh. I got a story story as listening to you the other day when you were first talked about these names and it reminded me of something. How's up there in Boathead? Public side, I don't know, 441 and grade. Yeah. And I'm sitting there and walking down one of the aisles. This is woman and they get a three-year-old child with approximately three years old. And I hear you all out there's a child like Boathead over here. Do you have a naming your daughter now? Maybe I'll clear it. You know, seriously, her name was Boathead? Her name was Boathead. Well, Jesus, what if she would have grown up in Canada, Degua? I don't know. I don't know whether it's potential for Siddhar, maybe a little boat. Uh-huh. What if I got grown up in Hoboken, over to the occult or Hobo? Hey, don't call me a Hobo. Hobo. Boathead. Can you believe that? This is the point I'm trying to make. I mean, your name is whatever your parents are stuck with. Okay, but what's wrong with these parents? And it goes to show you, like I've said before, forced sterilization, man. Oh, the only hope for the future of America forced sterilization. We have dumb people making babies. And then naming those poor babies names that's going to make them neurotic, even if they had a chance to begin with to be like functioning, living and breathing human beings. Now do they have any chance? Oh, none. Because they're going to go through their entire lives with these horrendous hang-ups and complexes. About their idiotic names, which I threw that thing in the waste basket. And then we go here it is. I mean, what a bunch of it. Here's O' Ayana. And Star Alicia. How you doing, Star Alicia? And Tamika. My favorite door is Laquisha. How about Dr. Pepper? We're not against? Hey Doc, how about if your life name was Pepper? How about Doc? Oh, it's the Doctor. It's just a very sad thing because they don't consider the way they're going to be. They don't consider the consequences. Mary, John, Jose, Juan, Tom, Ted. That's it. Don't you think? It's like, I think what we ought to have instead of people changing their names to these Tony Muslim names and all these other fully-belowning names like Neurodges. I mean, come up with like, let's go the other direction. Let's have Tau Anika, whatever, how short. Change her name back to Sally Smith. That would be great. Oh, I heard what's a thank you. Thank you. I've got bless you for least having a name that we can pronounce. We don't have to spend like half of our time together. Singering out what you're name be. Much less to go to how do you be spelling it? Eight minutes. In fact, how much does anybody have a chance of learning how to spell if I can't even know a spell or a guy named name right? No. Eight minutes till two or five. Just give me a few.