That's only one part of it. I mean, that's not the whole point of making. The piece was meaningless. It said nothing about what station I'm on, what time. And the proof is in the pudding. I got no calls here right now. Nobody would have anything on that thing. I didn't say anything about the steak. Did you ever do that? So what was the benefit to me? Other than having to make up a, what they consider, I guess, a juicy story there. Oh, really? What was the benefit? The point, they didn't get the original. They didn't. You're right. You're inside of my house. I guarantee when John Dutch bagged that piece on channel 4, they showed all of my house, which is a very nice house. I got nice furniture. I got a beautiful house. They showed it. Here they showed that not permit to picture up on the wall from a very strange angle. And they showed these sitting around the sofa and John said, not a sofa. And they showed me holding the dog. And then they kept promising that we're going to show all of his other stuff which they didn't do. They didn't give much play to the show at all. Oh, well, one that's filled with hockey banners and with the sports member, B.A. and with posters. Am I right with me? Blow up all the stuff that they showed you that? No, no. They didn't. It was a piece of crap. Did they take fill of all of it? Yeah, of course they did. They were in there for like an hour at least. Well, they got it. They could have done a better job. OK, have a great day. OK. Open line of day, then the olive roh. Have a day. Well, George finally got his bonus and he was getting some money. He didn't even have no, I know he had come in. So we sure won't want to talk to him today. I'd debate to those to you. There's no more water. There are white water. No more hearings today. No more investigating to the president. Take the break to do the on ed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Steve, I'm working on what? Hello. Hello. Hello. Are we back to this again? The phone is all screwed up, yes, sir? Yeah, hi. You know the 9303,000 number. They don't even bother answering that. Yeah. But, uh, all right, hold on. Hold on. You hear that? They're not even bothered. Do we get the other lines forward? What's going on here today? Probably so we did today. Oh. Oh. 1026 and 526. You got up. Who are you? You are. Where the baggage is. Oh. You can be a fake. Yeah, baby. Who? Yeah. Yeah, baby. You can be a fake. Oh. You can be a fake. Oh. You can be a fake. Oh. Hey, guys, guys, you're back. Remember that? Because that's where we're looking to love and scream at night. The better you'll buy me. And they cheat. I got love, facial hair, but then I'll love it. So, make fun. Don't poke your nose at the queer kid boy. My style I chose. Time to be a joke. Start being proud. Because you might get a take from home with that two of my lines. We don't play. You're fucked. My tongue. I like a dog in the character. I'm all good. You can't be a real fan. I'm just fine with the boss. Everyone here hands on. And you'll be a fake. Whether you think you're a fake, that's hers. Who would you love for this? He would be a fake. Don't you forget. You're a fake. You're a fake. Very old. I got a heart of applause. You can be a fake. You can be a fake. You can be a fake. You can be a fake. If you're a fake, then if you're just a friend with me, just a friend with me. Now, slide. Who right there? A friend with me. If you're doing some quick bend and shhh. I see that we got to come up with two of the books. We're taking that chaplain from the Bahamas funds and the brains out of center constant. Here's Kendall, hello. Yeah, are you doing this morning? OK, sir. You know, I told your piece by tonight. And I definitely think they did take a shot at you at the end with Balfootie and he definitely he always had a tie here and all that time that stuff. I thought they were kind of the shot at you. Yeah, you were just kind of raped in the town. Yeah, right now. I've only been here on here 23 years, so I mean, I'm just an interloper, you know, I'm a corporate driver. If anybody deserves to get out of here is you. Yeah, I mean, I don't understand it. I just didn't understand it. It was like, well, well, we wish you well whatever you do, but tomorrow we're going to be talking to you. I really got to commit to this stuff. They never mentioned anything by the way about the money that I raised for charity for Camila, a thousand cent or one and what I'm doing right now. I mean, I don't really care what they need me out to be a son of a bitch or a nice guy, but it was supposed to be the eyesight of me. How committed mentioning about the money I raised for charity? Yeah, that was just getting ready to say that. I definitely thought they should have mentioned your cent on one campaign and personally not, and why didn't they say that? Hey, you know, that you are going to be a border this weekend, and that you are, you know, that's where you can get the TV. Where are the money's going to? I know it would have been a great question. So we're going to have a point of it, what I'm trying to say is, if we're working to afford the needs, we would have to prevent it to get my audience to be in the health and to increase the debt. That's where it's all about. Right. And also, I did, I did see the game last night, and I think the difference in that game is that we don't have any goals. Right. And we're talking about what we're talking about. We'd like to come back and get to the point. Even your dogs are pissed off about it. We have an open line of things to five to six, seven lines. I mean, on the one hand, it's kind of a bit of sweet thing. It's great to make that unbelievable comeback and wind up with a point and get to the tide. But on the other hand, you're talking about some really sloppy garbage by the decent and the gold index. The offense was dynamite. And the money was going to be in the middle of the day. And the money was going to be in the middle of the day. And I think that's what I'm talking about. Some really sloppy garbage by the decent and the gold index. The offense was dynamite. They were all over the money. It's been kind of stuff to hold games. But other than that, he offensively. And it's Sean Berkland with your, with Kurt. Awesome. Just unbelievable. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing, sir? Okay, sir. You know, it's true. You should have thought that. Channel 4 started it. Are you going to even show your bets? Right. And I was like, what? I mean, that was a piece where there was a lot of work put into the way that they went over to, they showed, they didn't go over there. And they somewhere got footage of the skyline, the Vegas and Toronto and Amsterdam and Rome and all of a city in the country. I enjoyed traveling to during the seven months that I was off here. It was a really well-produced piece as a point to this thing, which I guess they just hyped up with all the foremost. And a lot of people were doing it. And I'm not going to tell you what you're doing. I'll bet you any amount of money today when they show foodies. They will say, what time and which they should use off. Really? I'll bet you any amount of money on that. No, I'll be sure to miss that. Yeah, I'll do it when they don't think that's alright. Yeah, I mean, if you're going to promote somebody who's a radio personality, wouldn't make a little bit of sense to say, what station they're on, what time they're on, what's the right path, and what station they did on for like 500 years. I mean, you're, again, I guess I'm complaining too much. But I said, the professional level might be able to understand why they're number one and they never been able to understand that. They always are. I mean, even when I did bad boy boys on, they were the number one and news and I guess maybe you could understand that because this is somebody that is a guy who was the one, even if she was a big bad guy, but other than that, what's the attraction over there? I never watched channel fan news. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I will leave a watch channel seven news, which I try to avoid. I'll watch their news before I will watch channel 10. The only person over there that to me has any, Don, no, the weather guy. He's great. He's got credit. The one thing he's not a hysterical. Flying across panic guy. Don't know is great. There's nobody like Don. No, but other than that, forget it. Here's my me beach, show us. Neil? Yes. Are you saying that the Johnson show was not your lover? That's what I'm saying. Is that me, you're a little bit too thin? Yeah, not for thought three of steamer like you don't sweetheart. Dave County opened five, six, seven, over. Here's a lady in both it, hello. Brad? Yes. Hi, how are you, Neil? Okay. Just so to my part. That phone call you detect. Anyway, I'm not a first time call. In fact, I went to the funeral. You had for that video, facing it guys. Right. That's for us. Maybe it's 23 years. Hope you're here at least another video. Oh, yeah. That was so long. It's right there. But they say two times more, more on you. My see-up can talk to her. So I said it was very good. So anyway, why don't you come to Bunker some time? No, thanks. For now. No. We're going to be in Bordes. Kendall. There you go. You understood the moral. See you there, not. We have an open line and a brown appendix. We've found through this morning on everything. 21, before. I'm going to come to peace life. But I was talking about this about, you know, these phones and about the prodigant, chuking and begging, including, that's what I do every day. Every single day of my life. Every single day. You could be here on here for 500 years. You could be longer than Mufusua. And still, every day is like the first God damn day. Especially last few years. Every year it gets worse. Not because of me, but just because of this town. Because that's an nature that kind of people we got here. Real, friendly, real outgoing. Really got a lot to say. Really, you know what I'm going to say? I think you might. If you're not just a job at radio in summer of 1960, WCGR, which isn't even on the air anymore. If you're not the air for your candidate when in the York, 250 watt station. That was a more big time place than this market right here. That's the kind of professionals in the head and radio in TV in this market. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Right. How's it going, Neil? OK, sir. Right. There you go. Listen, I missed the show last night. Was there anything you even decen on it? No. Not at all. No, just the only thing like I said good was they showed the cap with the joints on it, but other than that. Yeah, we're having much to love that one. And then they had day, there was nothing, I wasn't saying anything. I mean, they showed in-game clips from their show, and which I was saying absolutely nothing. We don't have to probably as, I mean, a lot of times you tell like it is, a lot of people just can't handle that. They just, it was just a front piece. They just wanted to use me to goose up their audience for the sweeps, and I'll never do it again. See, I would really like, I would like to do, and the reason being, because just with the whammy thing is a board of and poorly put together and presented as it's been. I was just telling Jordan and Walgreens last night to refill a prescription in between periods of the hockey game. I zip over there. And there's a young dark-complexed lady behind the counter. I'd say it or very, oh my, see your TV show. You see television has got this incredible power. If you're on number one or real television station, and number two, you have some control, and you're able to go on there and really do something. Which is what I would like to do someday. I'm not talking about doing some phony eyes show sitting up on the sixth floor and prompetal park, and I hope that guy don't ever call me again, because I'm really pissed off about that call me at home with a bunch of bull crafts. I'm talking about a real TV show on a real low station. And really getting on there and really insane something. Two open lines and date one of that. Let me tell you about 48 hours like that. Anybody want to stand up. And I don't know. Bloomfield Hills, that's the suburb of Detroit, Michigan. I'd expect a whole hour on that, which I thought was a little bit of overtail, wouldn't you agree with that? But nevertheless, it was about these teenagers who went to this one particular school, and they, the one of the thing on his lip work like a herpy to me. Anyway, he was, they, they were what I just said and they were seniors, timid as a three year friends here, and then the girls were like, you know, 14, 15, and this is the beginning. I missed the set. But certainly, ampulion dialed to look like maybe 16 or 17, at least. But nevertheless, so the question was, they had brought the girls to their house, and he had fed them some booze and had sex with them. And one of the three girls said, well, she wanted it. You know, she went there because she wanted it, and she really, and the other two girls, oh no, he raped us into advantages, and they went to this long convoluted song and advanced. And by the end of the thing, this gig gets forward to have once in jail. It gets his admission turned out in the University of Michigan, which is the brokeest art. And then the other two or three guys, they got two and a half months in jail. Which I don't understand, oh, they had a shorter penis as they let me, yeah. See, if you're going to commit a sexual offense, if you have a real short penis, you spend a very short amount of time, I guess. But to make a long story short, at the end of the show, Dan Rathers did there with a very serious look on his post. And talked about the fact that, oh my god, teenagers are actually having sex in America. I don't believe it, and this, and of course, most of it goes back to the problem with the age of consent. In this country, which is archaic and ridiculous, now I don't even know what the age of consent is. What is it? 18? 17? I think for a head of our sexual, it's 17 for homosexuals of 18. It's like 16 as long as you're not two years old or something. It's very, it's not a little bit of a difference. I don't say even in England, remember that thing I read yesterday that they're lowering for a head of our sexual, it's 16, and they're going to be lowering for homosexuals the same thing, the 16 the age of consent. But I mean, the idea that a high school girl who is 15 who may look like 18 in act like 18, that she's having sex, maybe she's a soft-more in high school. And a kid that's a senior that's two years older that he's having sex with her, that even if it was consensual, that it's statutory rate. It's so ridiculous, and such another example of the kind of ridiculous laws that we have in this country from the Stone Age. I mean, is there anybody out there who believes that if a 17 year old guy is having sex with a 16 year old girl or a 15 year old girl, that it's rape is anybody with a bramelieve and? Oh, gotta be out of your mind, or vice versa. How much if a 17 year old girl has sex with a 15 year old guy? And that's what this whole story was about. All these kids who've lived, and then the girls and their families had a move because now they had this great stigma because everybody was making fun of them and calling them names and they had a little to another town and another school and yada yada, because people are screwing around. That's the way it works. And you know something, I think they're awful a crap. I don't believe the guys, I don't believe the girls, I think they're awful a crap, because the girls kept coming back. It reminded me of that children Kennedy story. With Graham James, oh yeah, the hockey player who was abused and is running all around Canada on his roller skates and flipping around Canada, children Kennedy, the former hockey player. So, playing baby was molested by his hockey coach, but the point is that he was 18 and 19 and 20 and 22 and 23 at a big strapping young guy. And he kept coming back. Hey coach, how you doing tonight? Let's crack out a couple of cold ones up and maybe we can work up a warm one. He kept coming back. See, I'm sorry, I didn't believe it then and I still don't believe it now. Don't tell me that somebody is raping or abusing you when you voluntarily keep coming back. Oh, it's psychological abuse, yeah right. See, I can understand in church where kids are forced or they're caught by their families to come back. And maybe the grief of shame is so great that they're not going to tell anybody that father though, tool is abusing them. Trying to alter boys and little girls that we know about it. That's a horse of a different fellow fellow. But in this case, I'm sorry, I'm just not fine. I think hollows kids are for a crap. But there are all harassing jails, what I say. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Well, you're on vacation that you happen to have a news on the Vatican? About what? That he can fully got a $600 bonus. Who? That all the employees in the Vatican keep got a $600 bonus. There was money lying around there. Yeah. Didn't hear about it? No, he did not. Well, thank God for that. The people of George got his bonus and the people in the Vatican got their bonus. I think the bonus, what he was talking about. The people in the Vatican got their bonus. They got their bonus. They got their bonus. They got their bonus. They got their bonus. They don't like when good things happen on the show. They react much better to disaster. They don't like it when things are starting to go a little bit on the, and believe me, if you want to hear problems. This place, I mean, we could go on from now until 25, 25 and give you stories, including our sales department. And our sales manager. But we don't want to waste. We don't want to get you depressed on the Friday. We don't want to get you depressed. You know, I travel a lot, and I take you up on the internet. Yeah. Yeah. And I was wondering, I know that on here at Sound Studio, is something maybe played the Scoothing Lady or the British tender? No, no chance. Ok, we have all the deadlines open. If I said they're on the air, I said an execution channel, and any percent of the powers are more important. I'm not going to play that grant. Call us and call to me. But I'm getting your dinner. I'm going to talk to you. I've already talked about six hundred and fifty guy damn things here. Tim Ketter-Clock is morning, it's not even a lot of the clock yet. Talk to me about some of those. Talk to me about some bring it to me, go on Europe. Not, I don't see it that you travel along here on the internet. In fact, if you want, you can hear the book tender on a guy damn it, and it's on it. I'm your guy, that's fine. Is it? Certainly, I think it's great. I mean, one, I didn't check it out, sir. It's the Neil Guide site in Target. You know, it's been sleeping gone? It's like an opinion on it. Well, here's about that. I said, everything I'm such a great stealer, what is this? It's not a con, Neil Dougard. Let me say it again. NeilWodgiew's dot com, Eric is doing a great job with it. And whatever we're done there, it's on there. And people are want to waste my time and kill the show. And almost in sixth that I play this old pirate stuff that we heard a Midian time before that evening, and it's probably amusing anymore. The answer is positively, absolutely. No. Here's a mobile in my knee, so on. Very nail. Yes, sir. I am a quarter resident. I've lived throughout my life. Yes. And I got about five years and I'm pulling out of here too. You're pulling out? Of course. Well, yeah. Anyway, you most of not just people and stores. I've talked about counter-health, the people of the rest, or the traffic is a nice man. People so care. No. You go out and see. I'm going to tell you, I don't know. I'm going to last another four years and a month and a half. And it's your idea. Because every day, every week, every mid, it's tougher and tougher and tougher. And you're going to respond. Every week, all people listen to the show. I go to a public last night for five minutes. Six thousand people are constantly there. They all love the show. They listen. But they try to get a response. They try to get extra communicate with these people out here. It's become an art that is impossible now. Yeah. Well, I thought it was. Yeah. Well, I thought it was. It was okay. The only thing is when they said, I want to show the softness side of the field. I'm figuring that they're going to start talking about what you do with Camila's house. Right. Center 1. And then, you know, didn't make flash to picture your brother, Metro picture. Right. Leave a little bit. And there are holding my dogs, you know, taking two steps for about three seconds, holding the dogs. Yeah, but it's still good to be found. But, you know, it's not publicity, because they didn't say what's station amount. What time am I? They didn't mean absolutely no good. Nothing. Zero. Zippity. That is nothing. Hey, I think we have a one way deal. They were able to promote it and look it. And get a few more people. Maybe to watch it all along. I don't think too many. And that was it. Hey, I got one more question. You know, harm. Is that from the hypocritic oath? No, it's from the New Yorkers, though. And have a great day. Okay, we have an open line of Howard, all three and a day. Today's the day for the music, baby. Oh, we have a party. We're all kinds of people that bring some food in here. We'll sit around some old stokees. Have a party because these people aren't into it today. To think you're about 12 hours. It can't have star yesterday. No, they care about sand. They're just morning. No, they care about the 40 hours. Peace, life, life. No, they care about the guy dancing on channel. 10 miles. No, kids. You're trying to get his buns. No, they care about anything in his town. No. So, 40, you can stay here until hell freezes over. Okay, 40. Whatever the hell it is that you do for a living. Besides talking to a bunch of pink, you guys in kid. On what 100? Oh, yeah, tomorrow we're going to talk to somebody. It's really got a commitment here. Great. I am just pleased as punch for that. 1056 to five. My honey gun show at the Coca de Grove Convention Center. Open Saturday, 9.05 Sunday, 10.05. At Mason is only 6,000 for adults. Children of a 12,000 free. Life at the Miami Gen Show, you can take the state and feel weapon permit course for only 30 dollars. All for each day. Come to the Miami Gen Show this weekend before the new gun laws go into effect. Why is that land tray that the Miami Gen Show? Open all day Saturday and Sunday this weekend. Took a good growth convention center. The New Rogers Show Waterdale. You pride day, you proud. Five sixty, W.M. The deadlines are dead as a door nail. Probably. Like I said, five six seven, five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Gracious good morning. How are you? OK, sir. I jumped on the line real quick because the re-game Glacys show this face of body and Marie. Yeah. I thought I would be watching the show as sale for a patient. I just watched and we believe you. Well, there is. I was waiting to see the vertical in trial. But, uh, uh, I don't remember they're going to let that loose by the way. Oh, they just announced that he's guilty second to three murders. And his wife's course evolved that she's four of her sheets. But, uh, guilty of charge. Do you see that one pitch out on the street with the sign that said, the agents are invading our neighborhood. If I can put it this way, I don't hear so much about filing was a, let's speak one English, one language. Anyway, one language. Well, right. One, yeah. Think one language. Learn this, uh, properly. And then if you pick up a second one. Great. But most people Sony is speaking one language. Properly. One language. He's getting a little awkward. He's getting a little awkward. He's getting a little awkward. Yeah. I need to have this one language. I mean, I need to have it. That's what I mean. I mean. Right now, I'm not going to have it. But most people Sony was speaking one language. So, you know why don't you? That's the American fucking way. And you be having a nice weekend. We have an open line of day one in Broward. Yeah, the Arabs, that's what it said. The Arabs are invading our neighborhood. DA, the Arabs. Don't you remember the British are coming? The British are coming, remember that? Here's a mobile in North Bay, Village, Yes, sir. I moved here from Chicago and I was wondering which side of Spanish course that I take, because it's hard to communicate with most of the people. I don't know if I should take Portuguese, Brazilian, the English, which one saw... No, I thought it better. I thought it would be just go back to Chicago and be a real good idea. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560 and 560 and 560 and 1810, and 1810, wireless line. You know how old and ponders they get? I mean, like I said a couple minutes ago, I'm talking about all this other stuff. They don't care about that. They want to keep talking about bilingualism. I'm not interested. Call up Sandy Payton. Call up that lovely lady. That very bush lovely lady. Call her up. On WAC, you see, she's still going to afford to pay those rates to stay on the air. Do we have any idea if she still is on the air? No, we hear. No, I'm sorry. And how on, and what ever happened with that will thing, with that bishop and a girlfriend, all of a sudden, and Sandy ain't but you know about that? No. Okay, this guy just moved here from Chicago. First of all, by anybody who moved here from Chicago in the first place, you'd have to be out of your mind. I mean, the weather does suck up there. Most of the time, even in the, what's important to be the summer, but other than that, what a great city that is. With a great downtown where everybody's paid English. And where the complexion is kind of very much on the light mocha side. Two dark. Here's Timberpines. Hello. Hey, don't be on the air. Okay, sir. First off, you know, I thought it was great. The only one good thing about that child centhing was they did show that had like your sand. Yeah. It was good. They showed it prominently in over and over and over and over again. And if that's the case, if they were able to show it on a regular, or are we honest to God, never to fully exist. And how come Maddie, Lashim over there at Wany was making such a big son of Dan to about it and waxing like an overgrown child. Because I had a cartoon postcard on my cap of the bunch of joint son who remains today. I think they were afraid because if they somehow had somebody complaining, they didn't convey the boy or these. Yeah, that could be it. That's probably where it is. But, oh, one doc, you know, with the set of one campaign and they're going to be there. They have the older CDs too. Yeah, they got some. Okay. Do you have the front of the bunch? Five, six, three. Five, six, three, 36 hundred. Great. And then that's what we're going to go towards, like if I buy the old ones. That's going to go towards the business. Yes, sir. All right. Thanks for having me. Thank you. Don't forget tomorrow's going to be the big test. I have a video. Duff comes in to be probably showed today. Oh, the march should be really great down there. Borders and candles should be a great turnout. And I'm taking, I didn't say anything, but I thought to myself, based on what? I mean, let's face it. These are the appearances that we've done on this radio station have been pretty weak. They've always been pretty good down there. Kendall, cut the ridge. Let me say it again. The appearances that we've done on this radio station so far have been mighty weak. We did have a real good one at PizzaLoft. But PizzaLoft is kind of like an exception. It's kind of like our headquarters. I mean, it's, you know, it's not like being a shopping mall. It doesn't have that kind of foot traffic rating. But we always do real well at PizzaLoft because we've been going there for many, many years. But I mean, you know, not that we're not appreciative of people who are just come to their establishment, but like the big malls, who we've been in most of the big malls, we have anything set up for December yet. You know, like between Thanksgiving and Christmas when people are going to be spending all their heart or money and they're going to be out there shopping by crazy to lay drop. And I'd actually pick up some of our CDs and stuff. We have anything set up for like middle or late December. Oh, but strange. She was down here just the other. Oh, God, where are you about it? I don't know. I won't take care of it. And I'm worried about it. I'm going to tell you something. Louanne, if brains were dangerous, you'd be the safest bitch on a face of the year. Yeah. Make no mistake about it. Here's a mobile and homestead, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? How you doing, sir? I'm glad to hear you are here. You're born as after five years. You're eating in the morning. Yeah. Well, listen. Man, the reason I don't call me like, why not? I'm going to come to this. The reason I don't call, I call my mobile, right? You know, I'm paying because I have both of them. I can't even get pound five six. Yeah. I mean, you put me a hole and then you take the car and you go for commercial. I mean, I say, I'll call it back when you're a lot, but I know this format. I've been talking about that. It's impossible. We've got what amounts to four newscast breaks an hour. And these people, you tell them about it. They did all, yeah. Well, I won't think about it. And they scratch their head and they walk away from it. I mean, you got a good show. And I think you know, is that, you know, you want to watch people sometimes I'm calling you on. From a whole station is developing that syndrome more and more because it's all spots radio and most people who have any semblance of life. They're not going to wait for like 55 hours to get on a top for two minutes. The actual, you know, is not you. You know, it's just that, you know, we can't hold off wherever. Especially me that I'm paying you know, the car. Right. Okay, pal. Thanks for the memories. You know, he's right. So even even the listeners know about the format. They know what sucks. Even the listeners understand that. And by the way, Greg, read the reason normal can't didn't call you about that just been on my pay for the second year. It's because he would call you about all the other things which you don't respond to. But, you know, oh, normally, even call me. And thank you, probably, to the expected return calls, why didn't call you? We have an open line of day five six seven. Five six, five six line. Here's what myers, hello. Yes. About 48 hours. I want to set program last night. And what did you think of it? Well, whenever I want to kind of programs, I think we have too many policemen, too many prosecutors and too many lawyers. Too many stupid laws. Exactly. If they were going to pull these laws in the school like graduated from my whole class, what have been in jail? Right. It's just totally really doing hard time. And I'm watching these girls, they're going to come in high. I just think that they were advertising. They wanted it. They're looking cute. See, and they're looking for hot guys. And then they kept coming back again. That's what I don't understand. I mean, if you're going to be raped and if somebody's going to booze you up and take advantage of you, what do you come back for? And what do you tell your girlfriend? Let's go there and get laid. I mean, what does that all about? And then, you know, it's quite rape. Exactly. And I, well, like I said, I just think we got too many cops, too many lawyers, too many states of turning. They got nothing else to do. But he just used to be interesting that they won kid the kind of ringleader of the one that was the main focus of the sur. What is he kind of a wise guy? Oh, yeah. He was a real wise guy. And he didn't want to go more time than anybody else. He was cloning a Bill Clinton. Oh, yeah. All the other bullcraft. That was great. That was just wonderful. I record your programs in the cinema line in Columbus, Ohio. She loves you. All right. You are God. I'm digging Columbus. You bet. All right. Thank God. We got a guy that saw the 48 hours piece last night. He actually had something to say about it. That made sense. Thank God for you, sir. We have it over line in day. I understand there's too much fragmentation. There were too many different things. We had the star thing when I'm forever last night. And David Kendall, who I thought did a really piss for a job, by the way. He got him a little bit foaming at the monster for a couple of seconds. But other than that, he didn't say a goddamn thing. And then when it started getting really out of control there at the end, then they shut the cameras off. Did you see any of that? When he started talking about subpoening these other witnesses on the account. And there's some kind of a subpoening or some kind of a peony. And Barney Frank started flitting your eye. I thought he was going to take off an orb, but he was flipping his like flipper like this. And it was great. And then they were right at that point. They cut the cameras off. Because at that point, we saw the Henry High, it is just a part of it. And just like all the rest of them, the Democrats, the Republicans, every single one of them. I mean, all the Republicans here today, they're five minutes consistent up. Almost there star. We thank you so much for being here today. And you never stole a freight train. And we know you're a great American. You're a wonderful, you were a great judge. And by the way, we love you. And then Democrats, all we're going on about, hey, you're full of crap. And you hate the president, it's set them on so on. What an incredible waste of 12 hours. 10 minutes passed, 11 at 5.60, WQA. And the bird, right where you got it. Or great your five, six, the QAL. Our credit worth, if you've all been mad. You've got to be a QM. So I'm going to ask you this. Some of the big, angry, hostile guy. We got to know some of the things black, white, or Error, but what do you want to do? It comes at you. Who's already threatened you, by the way. And intimidated you. And comes at you with a bottle. A bottle of what? No, like with a bottle, like breaking off a bottle. And like maybe I'd be going to kill you stuff by that. And you just are absolutely terrified for your life. And you pick up your piece and you start shooting and just automatically just keep shooting until he's dead as a doornail. Sure, maybe kick them a couple times. And this guy got the convicted secondary murder. And the Arabs are invading our community. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Mobile in Miramar. Going once. Long gone. Okay, here's a candle, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Did you see a bono on that, in February, yesterday. She's a total bono head. Oh, I just like you so much. So nice. You've done such a good job. I thought she was going to do them right there. I thought she was going to call under the table and do them right there. Yeah, and he looks so happy smiling. Looks like I'm really doding. Oh, yes, my family's dying and thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward, 560 line. Here's for a lot of Dale, hello. New God. Yes, sir. Love you, sir. Hey, I agree with you, so I'll not take the children's news. I am nagging them in a Dwight, what's his name, dude? Back. You say it's her to losers? Why don't you ask them? I grew up with a child, man, and I'd love their news back in the days when it was an art coffin. And I'd like you. We're back. Right. And I moved to any of that. And I moved back. Like I moved to work. I moved to work. I moved to work. I was there on 10. He got screwed over. And I don't know. I think God chose seven to like totally influence them to the point where they just, they, they had no God for no shame I should say for highly proud they're up and coming news. They're with all crombs or plugs throughout the day. I remember about three years ago there was an instance where Diane Magnum comes on like through through a clock in the afternoon. And it's their, it's their crombs playing lamb's into the terrified. So, you know, this is a goodness, right? It's obviously a place where you can get into the term quite soon. And I have to use it by the clock. They're pulling these little tight pants and airframes. It has a little problem. It was a model plane. I think they're from a picture of the way they look at our hand. Yeah. They're basically smooth. They're, they ask that it's nobody heard nonsense. But she, well, I got a real good idea of mother, journalist, credibility last night and again, maybe it is just a small point. But I mean, why would you interview somebody or a people and go to their home and and make things up and twist and manipulate and determine things around? What's the point? Do you want to say anything for ratings? They just don't care what they care. Why would they care and so much? They see what they're doing. Okay, well, everything's okay, fine. They shot. They shot. And I can't, I can't affect the ratings, so people are going to suddenly get into the course and discover, oh my god, they're talking about, you know, whatever, if they're on the blank, because you either watching it or you're not. But if you're going to do an interview with somebody, why not do it accurately? What is the point? So like I said, I thought she was a real nice person, but I don't know. I mean, when you sit down with somebody for half an hour, they put on an ice face and it said it went so long. Maybe that was the best she could do. Maybe that's her idea of journalism. Maybe that was the best she could put together. Because by frankly, it's tough. Here's a call from Greenboro, North Carolina. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, I enjoyed hearing your first and the few weeks ago when I was down there in Miami, and now I got you on the web. I run. I want to talk about the start here. You know, I have a libertarian, and I'm not the, the Democrats are the ones that discuss me, you know, because I'm an idiot. I'll tell you why, because the idea, I mean, I'm just really have a problem with control for this. And so here we've got, you know, sort of the religious right, which I have a problem with, and then public parties. But they, you show to me, it was the parents with the actual control. They want to have over your life, and have potpressed if they're having, well, doing it. Let me give you an example. We're talking about someone who's more responsible for making it harder to say hello in a way if it's someone that works. Maybe a little wink and not to go along with it. What does that have to do with the start here? What the reason is is, because if you see right away from the start here, and when you look at max motherf puter, she presses down the start here and she's erased. Oh, absolutely up, she's also a comon, a democratic person. Some깜 can sell fonsiliper, she's taken east and puts only pushing fonsiliperข the influence it's on me, that every republicans are just addressed by their families. rope out. Oh my god. See why I stopped nothing that crap for about 200 years ago? What a bunch of convoluted garbage. We have an open lot of day nothing year to say had anything new with the start hearing. The fact that Maxine Waters are sitting there on the committee. I love that it's stuck there. I'm just called. There was one about the lines like that. I really get a one line. There are one lineers. Four and a set of head and the checkers. The head is cut on his chest. He usually goes down on the counter. Orbid line in the broward and up the look of the pictures of his wife and his little baby. Five times. And the thing of it is I like kindness. I mean personally he was a great talent years ago so it's not that I don't like him. It's just that that's show is unbelievable. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing it? Okay. May I before you yesterday in the you know. And a couple things that you said I really didn't like you know. I mean you know. Well, I wasn't pleased to say that on the right. You know 95% of the COVID care there for more. You know I said 90%. But I am sorry. I'm about 5%. Most important thing is that you know you said you have a baby's place and you wish that you're going to be torn. I don't even see if I'm not saying that. I mean it's a play. I didn't say that. Well, you were not really happy. Would you have followed the way? Did I say that I hated it? Well, you say that you know they have to come back to this place. I did. I did. I say that. I didn't say that either. I didn't say it would never come back. In fact, I'm buying my mother's condominium from my mother. How about you, Neil? No, you won't pay money. No, you won't pay money. No, you won't. No, I'm a conversation sir or not. Yes, I will definitely do that. How come you don't let me finish my sentence? I don't need to finish. Let me say it again. I bought my mother's condominium in Hollywood. So number one she can live rent free and number two that when she meets the big maker in this guy that eventually I'll come back to part of the year here and I'll live there. But that's all what you say. You say you hated this thing. Well, I do not say that I never said I hated it. I never said I was never coming back. I never said either one of us. Neil, don't forget what you're making your money. What you do is I'll throw it at you. Sir, let me tell you something. I'm making a lot of money here, which is the main reason that I'm injured. That's right. But if you know why, it's heavy that I don't have a community, it's just and like just like the latest thing with the phony petitions that Maria Maria the video swaraged is a phoning up against. Just try to get back into phony his way back at all. No, I don't know that. I don't know about these but I don't know about that. What are we talking about? I don't know about it. So people here. What about it? Well, I don't think that that's the way you say they are. Well, that's your opinion. Of course. Okay, I would say nothing. And where do you go? I will say here. No, I'm more, where do you travel? Where do I go? Yeah, I'm vacation. I like, where do you go? Well, you're usually, literally. Literally. Yeah. And you like it better here than it is. Well, I didn't say that. My wife is really like, or they're the time. But you like better. It'll hear South Florida. Absolutely. South Florida. We're in Italy. Uh, in Napoli. All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay, here. I'm maple for all the slutper's are. Try go to a place where they have people with an income of more than $10 a year. More than $40,000. We'll be good. Uh, we have an open line of data. I mean, you can tell those opinions but don't start making an attack on me because I'm being honest about the way I feel about it. And don't give me the song in a dance like I'm a stealing money out of here like I get nothing back to the community. How much money are you raising for sure? We do this year, sir. Community. What have you done to try to improve or explore what else going on here? So that I've been banging my head against the brick wall for 22 and a half years and it's still going on. Well, but I don't know, but I'm maybe some of us don't want to live in a goddamn banana republic. How do you like that? Excuse me. Everyone over the country like where they're going to stay for like Italy. We're only changes every two or two weeks. You want to fast this DQA? Yeah. Oh, is that it? Was that it? Is that it? I'll fake you. Okay, 11.45. Well, what's down the wine? Oh, that's uh, is that something new there or what? Is that new? Uh, okay. Well, they want to keep you on your toes. Anyway, Greg Regers brought me a big, big checkered. Do you see how much this amount was for? Yes. Wow, not bad. More than you make them. Just not not quite. I was just saying more than you make in a month. Here's uh, in six months. Here's Volca. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Uh, sorry. Last night. He was still going on about 10, 11 o'clock, right? Yeah, he was on almost 11. Yeah, he's fed. He was starting to lose it there at the end. Kendall, Kendall had them going on. I don't think that they been Kendall was right out of very weak. He didn't say a goddamn thing. Well, they wouldn't let him talk. I mean, they only had a few minute when when when I'm talking at 30 minutes and they gave him another 30 minutes. He still doesn't say anything. He was weak. How about uh, Maxine Waters and Franks? Yeah. Well, I think give them a little more time to work into them. I think you would have come on, on blue there. Yeah. Yeah. They would have gotten under his skin, but they didn't think they had news for you. There was 12 hours and by the time it was all over, they asked all these experts to bring either we learn anything new today and they all said, no, absolutely nothing. No, and they kept saying, well, they didn't have to get any questions on the fact they just attacked us. Or, well, if they wanted the fact, you have to bring in the world to quite a bit. Like Sam Dash said, he had no business being their testifying. He gave them the report. All these, they would have got 50,000 different books with all this information. It's been on the internet. It's been an every news paper, every magazine. Uh, you know, that was supposed to be their job to read the referral to the side, whether there were impeachable offenses to proceed with. And instead of that, they put on his dog and pony show with him for 12 hours yesterday. And they still haven't got anything. Yeah. I don't think they're going to take a vote on it. Do you you're asking me? Well, I mean, uh, the, uh, the, the, the, how much more money Richard Melon gave in the right way. You can see these other Republicans are bailing out on the deal, a little by little, they're losing support. And by the way, speaking of how to do the have you ever seen Bill McComb from Florida? Oh, he's a man. What a good. Oh, the worst. Okay. Have a great life. What? Ha ha ha ha. In fact, uh, he kind of looked like you're across between how he do the enlisted buster yesterday. Let's bring back Buffalo Bob. He's there. Bring it back anyway. Let's play that good times music again. We have an open line at Grower. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pump, five, six, the only 18, the wireless line for that guy that called before that was chastizing me and giving me a song to dance. I got a nice big sad check in my pocket, which I didn't even realize I had this money coming. Okay. I mean, I was eventually able to realize that we had a big song in a dance. But for once, they actually, uh, in fact, you better write this down. On the same day that George got his bonus, I got a pay increase, write to a active to October 1st that I forgot I even had coming. How do you like that? Are they coming along here or what? No, no, same bullcrant. What are you laughing about? They're not coming along at all. It took you about what? 10 years to get that money. How do you like to have the interest in the bank and all the money that these people don't pay anybody? Hopefully, by the way, if they're interested on here, Greg, on his suit. No. Here's a mobile, oh, and Naples, Florida, Italy, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. This is Bob and Naples. Yes, Bob. What about that? Listen, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to the pizza loft. I went over to the breeder's cup to call their couple weekends ago, right? And a net Jeff, a wonderful guy. He's interesting. Greatest food I've ever had at the time, because sir. Also on the way out, it's a sound nice to guy is, uh, anybody we're talking to. And that's his work and I get tickets to the dolphins game, so they're going down. A little local mobile station, and you know what those idiots? He says, just a minute he goes. Excuse me, he goes in his kitchen, pull that two tickets. Are you serious? Yeah, it was a great idea. Just terrific. Want to go ahead? Anyway, let me show and just want to let you know that and you can go ahead and thank you for letting me know about that. Okay, thanks a lot, Bob. Thank you. Okay, and Jeff, we're probably slipped at 20 in there, so we'll be there often. tickets to inspire that call. He's okay and I'll book that you have Colin. Never made a vibrator he didn't like. We have an open line of day counting, five, six, seven, or one. I was thinking about eating today, George. Have a little celebration here, but I'm not going to do it. I shouldn't do it, should I? Bob, sir. Are you starving? Like I said, we're probably going to be eating here shortly. Well, George isn't going to be here next week. He'll be on the case now. You're not going anywhere. I'm sorry. I'm not going to go to the North Carolina. And George, by the way, not only gave me that great exercise bike for my birthday, but yesterday afternoon came over and worked feverishly for about 10 minutes and put that thing together. No, seriously, that's a great thing. Did you try it out at all? I tried it out for about five seconds, and I made sure that all the meters worked and all that and that's great. One more I will be using, because it's right there in front of the TV and my room, which has the cable in there, the TV and the other room are the treadmill and it's got the rabid ears that don't have cable in there. Is that the same measure that you share with your content with my dogs? Yes, one of the closest creatures in the world of me is my goal and retriever, because he's like better than a person. Well, seriously, I consider him one of my very best friends in the world. A little dog, you know, he's a friend. But what? 100? 100? I feel again, I might support the same sport. Like a cut-lead little dog, like they show me last night of a holding that little piece of crap in my arm. The only reason I was holding him is because if I let him out down on the floor, he's going to be running around, not that everybody over us, screaming and carrying on and barking up his door. That's what I reason I was holding him. And then after they walked out, I say, hey, I walk him right in that kitchen. I open up the door in the microwave and he's saying, hey, time, take a look in there, huh? Perfect fit. And he cries down, he dumbies up in a hurry. See, a little dog is like, you feel sorry for it. Not like a friend or a company. And what about you? You feel sorry as pathetic. Got a brain of signs of a ball bearing. I like Greg Reed, you know. So, a big dog, like a person. Got a personality, you can talk to him. It's amazing. So, you know, you have one dog that's a piece of crap and another dog that fuck a good friend. How do you like that guy? And can you should have a little longer conversation for you, okay? In fact, I should have been sitting on the couch with a golden receiver there. And I could have said, Neil's companion, under the other couch. And that's that would have been very good old, I just, I guess I didn't draw her good enough diagram. Here's a mobile in Chandel. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, Neil. Neil, this morning I watched it today, she'll. And I was absolutely sick and by the way, that's Matt, 80 and 10 left, but he applied this guy. Really? Yeah, I mean, you know, what star has done to our civil rights and to the law in the country? It's worth 10,000 per fish. You know, you ought to feel a lot better. And it's St. Dash walked out an issue. A steeding indictment of what can started with peptifying yesterday. And the Sand Dash, like I said, one of the most respected lawyers in a whole country. And a real watergate veteran. This guy told him to stick it with a mundo and shine. That's right. Listen, Neil, they're reading references that I'd like to get here. Yes, what is the info-98 issue of S-Wire where there's an article called, they're Mr. President of the Food by David Brott and David Brott with the guy. Yeah, I already read that. That's in there. Yes. And moving along. And then the second one is entitled and the horse he rode in on. Right. Right. Have you come across that? Yes. Somebody read that. Thank you very much. Okay. We have an open line and a husband or a maglain, and we're going by the way. Open line. He and T-Line. I got a great thing here that somebody backed me. I'll get into before the show end today. We ever have time. Children in the US justice system, which ties in a little bit. The, what went on last night on 40 and hours piece, which I guess that other guy that called him, yours truly really only once had thought. Well, why would anybody be watching that? When it could be watching the 11th and 12 hours of Ken's star. And the end of the hotie game. I have this tremendous ability, which started everybody else not to watch about two or four things at the same time. And very rarely, there's anything important. I can be watching like three different hotie games or football games simultaneously. And I'm flipping back and forth. And I just have this way ability of time so that either all of them have commercials on at the same time, which is usually the case since there are no more games. It's just nonstop spots. Or I turn on just when there's a gold beanscored. Just for members like to do when the Panthers tied it up, I had just turned it back on. It's five to four and within 15 seconds. But to be here's Whitney with that big shot. Here's the rebound. They're all on the front of the net. Next thing in Los Fables, they're sitting. And a game is tied five five five. Oh. But then anyway, I'll again this a little bit later on because, and this the international as you know, discovered that this country got some real real problems when it comes to violations of human rights. I know that we're not supposed to believe those things. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? How you doing, sir? Yeah, I saw the few functional 10. Yeah. I mean, even though it was a flop, it was glad to see you relaxed and candid and hanging out. It was, you know, better than the usual form, or your phone went at the mouth and so forth. No, but I enjoy. It was good enough. I thought it was good. Yeah, well, I mean, it's not that I'm still saying that you get it for you. You know, humanitarian for a couple of hours. I'm just about that. I'm not looking for a brownie punch, but I didn't get a chance to say anything number one. So, whoever there was no promotion of what station I'm on, what time I'm on, what I've done here, how many and nothing. You know, just I'm the most listen to when they hate me or they love me or whatever. And that was it. Well, it's channel 10. You can't expect too much. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, I listen. Also, I'm going to lap the door all the way. And it's a great door. You know, it's just like having another person in the house. Right. First, now, the fantastic. That doesn't talk fast. So, actually, and great. And you know, unconditional loss, too. Right. You know, and also, I want to put my vote in for this place. Whoa, it's so hard as much as poses and assholes. Yeah. All right. Yeah. To be quite honest with you. And when I get the financial means to go somewhere else, believe me, I will. Okay. And one more thing. Not only Republicans are much more important, again, asshole, psycho, huge facts. Okay. All right. I'll talk about your, thank you, sir. We have two open lines in Broward. Find it to love and think that the boobs to it, six. And we got that cap in line from the Bahamas. Boy, he'll be plunging his brains out over there. And it's not the truth. He way, yeah. But Neil Rogers, you're a lot ordeal. Neil, we're a lot of y'all. Is your honor out there? I don't know. What are the way to, we mentioned that the Arabs are on beating our neighborhoods? All right. Probably clocked at 5.60. WCM. We have two open lines in Broward line. So a couple of weeks ago, I had what I thought was the most incredible statement in the history of sports by Terry Murray when he talked about the fact that didn't pull the goal at the end. And they could have had a two-man advantage and played the earlier six on four whatever it was. And he said, well, we practiced the power play you remember that comment. And I said, in fact, I even saved it. It's up on the wall on the Abolitan board. But he's even done to himself better than that. Deeper was in here before reminded me about this. Thank you, Deeper. What'd he play in goalie for our Boston last night? Anyway, after the Panthers made a big comeback last night, tied again five, five. This has to be a big morale boost. Defenseman Paul Law said, anytime he come back from a four-volt goal, death is it has to give a confidence. It has to be something we can carry. Laws known for his responsible defense and willingness to drop the gloves at any time, assisted on goals by Scott Melon be in Mark Perish, 57 second to part in the third period. Roberts made a score to time goal with 10 11 reps in the left in regulation. Murray, this is Terry Murray, okay, Panthers coach Terry Murray, Stratusselves in Boys and Girls, compared laws the games first star to bronze Hall of Famer, Bobby Orr. If he was wearing number four light is back tonight, he could have fit right in here with the legend. St. Terry Murray. Oh, is this guy got a sense of humor or what unbelievable? I mean, don't get me wrong, I left Paul Laws, but every time I see a minute, boy, there's a he looks just like Bobby Orr out there. He just every movie makes you mind if number four, Bobby Orr. Right? No. Here's a mobile in the homestead, hello. Mobile in homestead. Oh, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, with the response you've been chatting at the sport, he defense from south to double cost your mind or run for governor. Meaning what? For run for governor here in Florida. For what point? Based on what? Based on what? Because, but you were out you were out 48 hours, and you didn't get the to talk all the while. I mean, I was down 48 hours. I mean, the channel pan yesterday in the program. I was on 48 hours. No, no, no. I make that. I made a mistake. Okay. Yeah, you made the call. That was the mistake. Two of them are in the ground. Five, six, seven. And that guy's chastised in me before what I said about 90% I think was being pretty damn generous. I think I was underestimating. Huh? I mean, what about is this guy talking about? Does anybody have any idea? No. Here's my me, be. Chema. Oh, I talked to you. You guys go. Yeah, you guys go. Hey, Neil, I don't get that. Yeah, I got that. Yeah, that's good, yeah. Hell, 48 hours. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I didn't see it there. I never looked so young in my life. In fact, I'm going to be doing my four and a half months starting after this. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got money. George has money. I can gradually make a pick up the phone. Oh, yeah. I finally do it. Only took us about 10 years to get the money out of these two. I have to. Four days you got it, okay? Uh-huh. When old sand came on and resigned, you know, it's not a really shot. I mean, it's tells you that they don't want to see some piece of crap. And we, we turned you see on Channel 10, but Neil, we really missed that home, okay? The home job that you used to get, you know? I'm going to know, you should have walked away on me first. You've got enough money. You get the home job. And we would have forgotten. What? But you want to see it say it's written in the law. You can't have the capital to be with the apartment. You can't have the weed on there. And the home is the same time. You want to have it? That's a lot of money. You want to have it. You want to have it. You want to have it. I don't know the same. Because he decided that it was unacceptable for television standards on whammy. And then they threw us children. Yeah. Like, children doesn't have a bigger market to whammy. I'm sure I've traveled 10 to go. More people watching in five seconds and all the people who watched whammy since it's gone. Yeah. Listen, I want to order a six-up to, uh, best of Neil. Thank you. Yeah. Well, I had some problems there. Give it a money and give me seats and y'all. Yeah. Got to. I read the, uh, start setting camel out and just finished these last rights and some good books. So you get some good reading material, you know. And enclosing the, a half of your forget your money. Okay, I want to. Forget your money. You're money that you had come out. You're really easily. They keep that you occupied with so many other damn problems. I wouldn't doubt all the time. If we don't have to worry about that. Huh? Is that all time like we don't have to worry about that? Not yet. All right. I got love and stay here. Here's you. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, off of. tới and go. Maybe I just want to disagree. That we're kind of joining a new world. We're sw 않아. Of course, you are part of your artistic,right. So. Ok. Good morning. What happened? I just need to watch everyone do what we can. And start Veriver like your quat. to stand that black mole on the and stars just promise that that is a brown one of my right i brought that you have a that is a that is a is that really cancer and and you know it is like I think the whole world is focusing on it but they're afraid to admit it I'm glad that it's a gentleman's tumor we have an open line of day five six time mobile and plantation hello yeah i need to know a message okay sir yes i just wanted to go ahead i'm not kidding you but but i watched the interview last night yeah and i was just like to say that i'm really impressed that everybody got to see the other side of your lodges okay they did or yeah okay because i'm breaking up a little bit on the phone and it was just real refreshing to see the other side because people you know most people look at you to be a police there if you know and they don't give you the side to you also i am a head of a central okay but i also thought that it was important and it was a rock that you you you're just too professional i have a lot of it was important that i did one you know what if you're special preference and i have a lot of preparation my special program okay didn't know phone pal we've had an epidemic last three days every all the ninety percent of the cell phones by the time they get about the right to the meat of the matter where you're hoping you can understand what about the whole thing at that point the phones just are garbling and that's it probably a guy damn coming is plot maybe a casher left that woodpecker fired up again look at that you can't resist should they uh... she represented in peach only 31 percent down from 35 and the overwhelming majority of the american public says no if this crap over with already CNN says in their latest pool their pool here's a mobile in the sunrise all and it was on i don't say okay let's say i'm thinking about it but you can play about the plot and how people are asking it and that and i would like it to make a move up not to get out of here yeah i don't know what's going on so we got the best way it's uh... you people most of the cultural it's a sign of my living in paradise oh it is this is paradise it's a big you for it is a thing you find it in the air are they are you talking about it it's a okay i see it's a say i said ninety eight percent morons okay ninety percent was a gross underrest in the bottom of a part nice publicized for fusely and of course this guy you know the regiments is worse like the old saying goes when you're dumb as this guy is he thinks he's in paradise he's probably got a paradise hanging from his overview mirror we have an open line and day one in line like i said tell me where i'm wrong don't get me a big song of the answer like you work for the chamber of commerce tell me where i'm wrong what i've said over these last many many years including back the first month i was on the year in march of nineteen seventy six i'm k eighty and the guy asked me well you know now that you're here in my amony or what do you think about community and i said you can't complain about it because there isn't any sophistication level of our world class city this guy really believes that this is paradise probably does lot of school but i think i'm gonna say i have to know sixty two eight and four of the sucks hey oh by the you know when i'm driving down root time w you are my hot summer day me and the rissers always stop the thickest thickest fruit state they've got everything from fruits of its to those homemade past what's there is nothing that's right honey get inside yes sir we were late for church last summer see and i have a little bit inside her she says there is a lot of even my sister says this is what the joys a little bit inside and now i'm in a very simple home and i'm pretty surprised to rip off that way you don't say fish or you can rip it while and have some hard thick inside it is good it looks good again and there's nothing like waking up with a thick inside it thickest fruit state just to a fruit nine w and cook the road six to nine open 24 hours because i have to share summer night i like to snuggle up and bed with us thick inside 14 at five six w q and speak at a back in back at 48 hours feet by a sight peace how many of you guys out there like when you were 17 18 we're doing the girls over like 15 16 you think that there might be just maybe one or two people in the audience or one or two million people listening right now or doing stuff like that maybe when they were like 17 we're doing girls over like 14 and 15 you think that ever goes on oh we know that doesn't go on but if we put all the young people all teenagers and jail for doing hanky panky with uh... girls younger than they are then then uh... those cells would just be crowded and we'd have to be building who present every three quarts they're doing okay sir hey yeah i thought i think i'm channeled them outside we were actually waiting all week to see it because they kept from on it but um i agree with you when i was over i look at my wife and i said what was the whole purpose of that is really say it didn't say anything i don't know if people are calling it and all this gravy claim is different life of the time and they're just stuck around these uh... the but there was one of the worst things that have been involved with my life i mean they did i had a chance to say absolutely nothing they didn't know what station i'm on what time i'm on what is that i do i mean uh... just nothing you know i got two dogs in my uh... companion whatever he's supposed to be and uh... and that was it and then the back of my vault spot is a track for five seconds and that was the idea of a piece of what am i dying and i was the one i thought i was at forty eight hours thing i didn't get i was out of my compa while so i didn't really get the heat you take on it but i don't know i mean i guess you sort of i agree with your thing uh... in some respect i was kind of torn i mean i didn't really think uh... any of the kids that you look guys actually raced the girls but so i don't know when you think about it if these guys were so popular and good looking at school could make this go could make a lot of the sixty i mean since since he law they just sent is that you have to be over over uh... for so what i don't let me ask you this seriously and i use it just to be the kids in high school ask for i db before they happen to sacrifice you know these guys were seniors and they're obviously we're going after the um... freshman girl these are fresh working your freshman if they were just going after freshman these just happen to be some of the girls that they were banging that's all they just happened to be in addition to which let me say it again they were coming back to their homes they were coming back the third girl if you saw that part of the story the third girl asked to be brought here so she could have sex with one of more than right i don't i mean i don't think they should have been sensitive i don't think they should be sent to prison for it's not like a sense right that but so i think you i don't know i have a girl i think i would tell them what i would say look you be you know go go out with gold over sixteen you know you're you know obviously they've got to go out with girls and i'm asking them to be there's a girl's that putting some of the ones on this story last night of the girls fifteen who look about eighteen or nineteen that's true there are very well developed and very mature and have big firm uh... breasts it's it's hard really no i mean it's hard situation but i feel i've been i also feel that it's good to be sure i can fix my own daughter going into high school as a freshman and you know they're so naive and these kiddie guys are a lot more i got the answer for a pal i got the answer chest a bill yeah to open lines and grind here's uh... not my be chill out yes no yes sir thank you very much for taking my call not i first time caller and uh... long time this lawyer president and i do believe that uh... they did a very good job and especially the kindle when he uh... set up uh... far when you call them that try to buy a lot of uh... president i don't know if you're a united high-high-stall the whole thing i thought it a very weak job i thought it was uh... i i think they're not anything uh... i think i do anything more than what they did because uh... it's a very big political it's between two parties and uh... the one party has the power and that uh... issue they had a they they minimize the time for them and if you look at start the way you are speaking he was uh... very comfortable answering the republican and uh... his answer was very short for the mother of the president and ask him any questions for the most part of the people who can't get his ass and said what a wonderful guy he was and he never saw a free train and how nice those glasses were in which i found it to be given from the uh... said and so on and they wish they could be to play a mn they grow up almost think that i come it yet there you think that american people who we see that the way we see it you that that how uh... they've already seen that they're tired of it they don't want no more mr they are they've had it well on him to pack up is to allow me sandwich and taking coffee thermos and go back to a pepper diners somewhere and uh... get that out of our face mail thank you very much for taking my call and have a great life thank you for making your we have an open line in broad two and a five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's my any hello of a.. encouraging though- oh jet civilians good. I missed that so we're not I'm embarrassed that I was even involved in it. And I will see you tomorrow. Okay. Don't forget, no need to. We'll be at Borders in Canbeld, tomorrow with our best in the OSTF Center 1. And we'll have our DNA, DNA, DNA, bumpers, tickers, and buttons, and whatever else we have to give away. Because we have to generate all our own giveaways. Because this radio station do we have any giveaways? No, we have any bumpers, tickers. No, any buttons? No, promotional materials? No. No, promotional budget? No. No, no, no. Any promotional anything here at WDQA? No. So we'll have our own stuff that we'll do our. What open line of day one in Broward 560? 560? 560 on a mobile one line? Here's a mobile in North Miami. Mobile in North Miami. Okay, long gone. They've been on it all two minutes and 48 seconds. Well, excuse me. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? There's a mobile in Miami. There's a mobile in Miami. There's a mobile in Miami. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? First time, all of you. Great. I just got back from my honeymoon and I run in a bar. Yeah. Great time. And look at the man, but Paris is really crappy, man. And the people over there got really bad attitude. Oh, let's go to their friends. I guess so. Listen, any new events coming up that maybe we can attend, but I can see you maybe invited to the cars on me. All right, so I'm great. No one to two. I'll see you there, maybe. Probably not. We have an open line in Broward to a day. Well, not a good time. We're going to have to kind of tailing off the North and this now. That was a good time for me to get into this thing about children and the US justice system. Thousands of this is from the internet. Thousands of children in the US, say accused are convicted of criminal offenses. Are subjected to human rights abuse? A saw? You know, that the decided they were going to go on and shoot some of the kids and teachers, etc. I would say an air case. We have an open line of Broward to a day. On line 1245, a QOM. 20. 20. 20. Show me here as I'll show you mine. I got that. You look at it. It's like, so. It's like, it looks like the women of airing guys have a chip so round. I ain't in puppet and I like it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. About 3560 WQM. So all your parents out there, that's something we've been thinking about over the weekend after the 48 hour show last night, which won't be given C unfortunately. So how about a few 15 year old girl has sex with a 15 year old boy? Is that any better or worse than she has sex with a 17 year old boy? Something you're going to have to be thinking about very soon, George. Not too many years. She knows all about the protection thing. Before I wear it or something. We have an open line of day five six. Here's a mobile and hollywood. What? Neil? Yes sir. How you doing? OK. I don't want to get to start it and get just that part. I just know why you wouldn't say that. Oh, I love you. I was the first time I really understood what you were talking about. I haven't seen the show through often on Wyoming. And I watched it. I was put it on last night. I just started the dial. And your modulation has got to be like 40 times a whole day. Did you think that it was commercial? It was like 70. No more than that. Why can't they pick this? They can't do it. They don't want to do it. They can't do it. It's been that way for months. Oh, my God. I didn't realize how frustrating. If I read that. It makes you crazy. But I got to be the only reason I haven't demanded that they pull the show. It's because that would let them out of the deal. And then they would have to continue paying me. And for the end of next month, which I will take the money. OK. Hey, man. I mean, you know, they made a contract. We'll deal on a heavy and attorney who's a real weak sister. And who just can't, you know, or can't or a world per worst. I mean, the putting a professional product on here without just saying, oh, well, hey, we'll pull up off here. And then we just won't pay anymore. That's not the way we're real easy with work. But unfortunately, I got to be a person out of the deal with whatever you do. And we just can't get them to put a professional product on the other. And everywhere I go, I hear people tell me that they're watching it. And I have no idea how they watch it because you can't hear the sound. And when you do crank it up to hum the hum job on here, so loud. But it's a joke. And then as soon as the cutaways, if you pull, you know, the house, they're out of the try. They can get the level on everything else. The audio is fine. But for some strange reason, they just can't get it right. Well, it'll be a coincidence. Well, I have a relative of a chill business. And then, that's not part of the complaint about their kind of an agent as well. You know, I, I have to say in that part of your business also. Yeah. Well, see, I have a lawyer who's a good lawyer. But unfortunately, he somehow is the loser himself in the believing that he's a talent, a broadcast talent agent, which he's not. You know, he would like to be a baseball agent, a talent agent, and a lot of other things. Instead of just sticking with practice of knowledge, he has very well. And I have that with a count of right away. I'm representing this play, or that's play. Right there. There you go. It's a don't tell me this. I want you to be reading what's the PPA pole of this. Right. Go into the portal. Exactly. Anyway, I love you. Have a great weekend. Back to your bike. But open line in days of broad camper. Now, the people at the World Summit show, whenever he had it for lunch in lunch or lunch, they either refused or they were able to open it. Just can't put on the airport. That's what people can watch in years at the same time. And like I said, perfect for this town. And I'm still waiting by the way, other than the guy who said the right to table of commerce, what ever I have ever said about this town, whatever criticisms I've had, I'm waiting. I'll sit here and listen. Tell me where I'm going. Like that guy that's talking to me with China, about now and a half ago, about I want to critical and make it all this morning here. And he didn't like the fact that I said it on the channel for every last night. And then he put word in my mouth. I never said I hated it like poison. And I never said I would never come back. I never said he wanted those things. So obviously he got some asked the one. But if you don't just sit back and tell everybody how wonderful things are, I mean, this thing's could be great here. It could be paradise. We're here at Cocino's here. We could settle out of the old people back where they had they came from. We could take the banana boat, people and send the South Dakota somewhere. And they're going to make this a living and breathing place. But the fact is, it's not. And those people who give me a song that advanced about the weather, see they can't have it in the figure that I have a school to weather up yet. They haven't figured out a way to do that yet. But I'm going to ask you this. There are millions of people living in Philadelphia and New York, Chicago, etc. Places where the weather much of the year is abominable. Forming it people into one of, preaching the ranch off right now as I speak. Now if we had the weather of say, watch us through New York here in South Florida. How many people do you think will be living down here now? That's right, the big goal. You have a big swamp island. The Everglades were kind of like used off to the ocean and it would all like know together. And you have like a handful of, uh, but animals people. I would be it. Make it take over the whole guy to the employees. Seriously, stop and ask yourself that question. If the weather in South Florida was like the weather in Chicago, like the weather in Buffalo, how many people will be living here? And the weather is a constant, the weather is not something that the residents, the politicians, the news papers, the media people, we have no control about it. It just is. So it's really not a fact, you know, the discussion about things like that. Here's David, how long? I believe you know. Yes, sir. I don't usually watch Channel 10 News on 11, but it did last night because I heard that they're going to do a segment on you. And I thought that they'd make you way told. You know, probably like 1129 or so, to the story came on. But, you know, we only like 10 minutes or so, but it definitely came away from it. They can make that John was your, your quote partner. And that's what they said. I mean, which is not true. I said, either one of us care about what's the point of suggesting that or or making that remark when it, but I've already told him that's not true. Well, I don't know, you got to ask the white waterdale about that one. I guess. You know, I was expecting to see like a real nice house and stuff and that didn't see anything. I mean, I mean, they came in and they put a grant. Every woman in my house to then, the sports, then they got with all sports memorabilia. My, the bedrooms, the living room. Yeah, part of the house and they showed that one picture from an impossible angle there that bar Mitchell, picture that my mother stuck over my bed. And, uh, there you're kind of a cute little kid back way back when. Yeah. I mean, I thought, thank you, you're in TV. There's a big screen TV. Right. And, uh, and hearing the women's log in my arm and the big dog went in the run on the floor. But I like, uh, I don't know, like a basement from, uh, from up in the, up in New York or stuff. Right. Like a dark room. I like this guy needs a interior decorated. And I don't know the right thing. I have to have a pretty damn nice house. We should, uh, we should have got to see that. I wish we did. Yeah. And, um, like, a lot from John Deastberg on Channel 4. They did great piece last year. You know, I'm 10. What do you expect? What do you expect that's how I've been that far. Don't watch it. I mean, actually they, they had really been angles on the altar. I thought, you know, when they did close up, you know, unfortunately, uh, they didn't have like a makeup person or anything. How old are they? How old are they? I don't do makeup. I don't know what they made up. I don't know where you bought that. I mean, what you see is what you did. I don't know what you're about. I mean, I love you. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit like, uh, lightly complexed, right waterdale, a little bit. I was, I was always on shit. I was glad to see that I, and so I just got to see it again before they threw up. They taped out of our 7th month and night one night. I could have saved the day and I'm dead. So I'm not as good as I was on the run and stuff inside. I'll tell you what. Today is, you're going to get dead. Hey, four years from now. If you do take off. Yeah. So be a dead day down here. Oh, I hate, listen, I can tell by this response on the phones here. And if he sees people, we'll never be able to survive without him. Everybody is in the island, isn't it? Yeah. Nobody wants to say hello. You know, you want to have a free, you say hello to somebody. And they want to you like you want to kill them. No, nobody. You know, I'm going to call the 911, right? Just for our life is beautiful. Okay, pal. We have an open line in Howard from line. Like he said, he's another friendly, his god. And people are in a place in the Netherlands. That's right. The most polite driver. Yeah, I nearly got squeezed this morning, boy. I'm 55. It was geek morning coming to work this morning. All these people get an off at the university, where it happened. And they got their left blinkers on. And it wasn't a lot of traffic. But they were just having this problem. They just couldn't quite get over. And those of us who were in that right hand lane were trying to definitely let them in. And they still wouldn't get over. So now I have to find my squeeze over like to the edge of the white line. And now I look and hear this asshole in some kind of a truck who's over in my lane. And I got in there hit the son of a bitch because he decided he was going to drive in two lanes at the same time. And he headed to the right of me. He'd like he'd have been. He's half out. He's terrified. See the worst drivers in the world are these side drunk drivers. The worst drivers are scared drivers. So you take a lot of the old people we have here. And a lot of the women who are out there pretending to be drivers who are terrified. They're squeezing the wheel like they're going to try to get a broad out of it. You show me a scared driver and I'll show somebody that I'll share something you need to be on the bus. 21 to 15 60. You a. It's Friday you first. Come in next year. The King of God for the rest of your home town. During the minutes of the car's last school. Wayward boy. It's my school. Yes. You're the lady. I'm joking. I'm sorry. My old child. I'm sorry. The family died. You're the lady. She's back on the bed. My school. Yes. My school forms all the great bits. I've only put the Jackson's eyes. 10 and a. You can't be a baby. I'm in their own memory. When the women go to me, baby, baby. It's finally a baby. You and me. That's right. For the time the tunes of the Jackson Five. To the classic solar work. It's like a jack and bit of a pinch of a pain. Supple. It's a little bit of a surprise. I'm coming in. I'm coming in. Better summer, better time. And then go on. You decide to hide it. It's meant for a while. And we need to see the sun. I'm gone. I need to be with you. The whiteboard is yours. I'm coming in. I'm coming in. I just sit around. So can we be with a call from the call you call me? When I'm home alone. Can you make it by the phone? I need to see it. And if you want to look for it, I'd welcome boys. To receive backstage matters. And hang out. And in Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in the show. And in this smile. And with this smile. And in the show. . . . . . . . I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. Here are the great Michael Jackson Grottis. White Billy Jean. He and I are a dope guy. And of course, a smooth criminal. And Dr. Michael Jackson tour. It's a benefit that Carnival fancy school. And get your tickets now. Boys and a citizen free. Come on, a company buying a go-on. And they're right. They're going to be in the car. Oh, yeah. I'm there a wife. They're doing really tight. Some 47 and 560, W2M, the day line. They're dormant. What are we going to Kindle for tomorrow? And how many come right down to us? Why are we going to Kindle? That's going to be a real eye opener for me. One way or the other. Because Evan Chura is just barely in date coming. Just south of the border. And that was pretty touching, donor. Ben and Jerry, can we do? Pretty weak. George is not in his head. But I'm just going to just hold Jews and have him sure. I'm telling you, Mr. They have to, they used to dare to watch this thing. When you were doing this show, did you have a meeting call from date County? Seriously. Not a million. Remember all the lines are forward into the Browns one. Why? Because they're going to Kindle. I'm going to tell you, I think the day that we get out of this studio, you know, yesterday Greg Reed talking about this great Samaritan who brought us some money that we're long over doing here today. Whether we knew about it or not in my case. But he says to George yesterday, oh, when Neil gets off the year, heaven go upstairs and take a look at the progress on the studio. Two of the time, come as we go upstairs like a studio. And it's just same crap that it was four or five weeks ago when I looked at it up there. It's just same empty walls would maybe a little bit of electronics work starting somewhere in the floor somewhere. And that's it. Was there anything new? No. Did you get any furniture? No. Did you get any console? No. Did you get any board? No. Did you get any equipment? No. And we're sitting in here with the most Mickey Mouse primitive pilot turd that I have ever seen in the history of my frickin light. Oh, go make magic for a deal. Go make magic. Yeah, go make magic. Okay. That's what's good. Five six seven, five six deep lines. And how about that eight hundred line, two breaks for a friend to the nirvana west coast? What about that? Oh yeah. The dead cost money. Oh sorry. Here's a mobile in my new beach, hello. I knew how you doing. Okay, sir. Neil couple of days first of all, I need to just read you to go. And that is. So, working for the fact that I travel a lot. Yeah. My mind. And a couple of places in Italy, maybe you haven't visited. Which are great places. Have you visited the A.C. At Exit? No. Rimmany, which is in the North A.C. at Exit, South Afghanistan. Very nice. And also, Black, from the South A.C. at Exit. Right. Right. I do only have these short vacations for a few days. You know, people think I don't want to take a patient back. But it takes a day to travel or a more than a day back. So you've got, you know, maybe seven days. How many places can you really go see? That's the flow. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, in the future, you'll travel more. Right. There you go. I was in borders in Kendall yesterday. Yesterday are they are advertising your appearance. I did see prominently displayed, uh, post-reson pliers, advertising that you're coming there. And I live in Kendall. So I'll be there and I'll be buying some CDs and getting them autographs. Well, it's going to be a real revelation to me if we haven't turned out tomorrow because the amount of response we get on the phone here. If you're there, they can't come from my date county. Not exist. And if we're speaking, they are foreign language. Maybe they are. Wow. We'll see. But I'll be there and I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Thank you. Hello. And I'm a two-day. There's really a lovely trip all by the way. And I said, you're almost a scol-pan. It's open of an engine to bubble my seat. So then you write to Jeff Cohen's in it with all the good food with his and newly died orange hair. I wonder what was it like? And you noticed that? What is that all about? Jesus, every time I see this guy gets prettier and prettier and prettier. What am I supposed to do with this? I don't know what he has. Jesus, is this a confamble? The food is always just, you're overdo it. You're overdo it. You're oversteers. You're like a Jewish food pusher is what you want. Yeah. Thank you. So that's right. Take good care of him. Keep your eye on him. He's been in 24 hours a day. Okay. So he's definitely going to be working on a lake of fire. I'm giving you a lake. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. No, no, get out of here. I'll let you stop me into the guy named Jewish food pusher. Would you please? Oh, hey. Here's a mobile informant today. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Maybe you're how you doing? Great. The stuff you think is, uh, you asked him why we go 100% out of the country. So about that. You were down to the chemical cell, a lot of fans on the chemical. I was in the chemical and I'm going to go see you at Portas 4. Oh, sorry. That's right. I was very happy I bought my specialty. Yeah, we're doing real good and I'm still about the way to send you for some reason. Are you a family? Yes. And you are going to have a good say about it. Maybe you're going to take a big town. You have nothing to say. Maybe that's it. So that's a fish on the street. You don't have to see that anywhere. Where do they sell that? Uh, you might in the mobile stations. Any intention to mobile stations, the road road road. Huh? And the road to the? All over the place. Stay all of our. Think of them. All right. And thanks to you for watching that. You're now about to be found. So that we can get to the street. Yeah. We'll all do the acting together someday. All right. See you tomorrow, pal. Okay. I make a picture. Yeah. I call you never play. We're going to start. Okay. All right. You got it. You have an open line of priority two and day. How do you find lines? Here's how you will. You know how to know. Are you? Or a cultural process that is there here for you? Yeah. We've had so much response on them to it's tremendous. First of all, the C1, so I'm a three-hour. Because I was watching that. And I watched a little bit of the Panthers for a while. It was down. You know, four notches. I can go back and forth. But still, I really, everybody that's first of all, when you're in high school, the 70-year-old girls want to be bothered with you when you're 17. So they're a school in the 21-year-old people. Right. So, you know, your left with where is going to give it up. And unfortunately, it's the 14-50-year-old girl. Yeah. And that's the way it's always going. Because they want to date the seniors. So yeah, that seemed to be the message in the story-life. Not is that they were spent in where the seniors. And that made them feel better about themselves if they were able to, um, light time of the seniors. They were infected. They're invited by the upper class than if you want to call that. And, you know, if you're the chocolate or if you, this guy was apparently the head to the MOC, the Big Man on campus. Right. And, uh, you know, and, uh, there's just another seven of the tap. And, and I just don't understand this deal about they kept coming back for more. I mean, how can we quite rate exactly? You know, you rate, you do, I'm, you know, or. You're in the one-out crying, you know, something's wrong. You're going to go to the police. You're not going to go back and spread your waves again. Right. I mean, you're too embarrassed like a lot of women are. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. They're gay. We're not gonna get outta these things. I mean, you're dating 10th graders. Because you know what they're like? Oh, along with that was a senior, I mean, it was that was the way it is. And they're short as that way now. I mean, I'm falling news from high school, but I'm sure that's kind of a mentality hasn't changed. Absolutely. Because, because we have seniors, they don't want nothing to do with what they want nothing to do with us. They thought they were� puggy. At four or four days ago, that was a pretty good game. That was, I was a little sleepy for it, though. I was ready to turn off and go back and forth to the super hearing. Instead, it's got to beat the most of not just saying, watching this peeking. Okay, the camera and then they said nothing. They just kept going on and on and on and Nobody ever said a goddamn thing and you kept drinking that stupid water out of that time Guys, I was looking to yesterday was on the road and I saw that man I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna push that guy I'm a strip to the pizza law for what's put that Jerome neighbor guy right over the end He would explode into a billion people That was unbelievable and as far as the area goes You know, so channel 10 that that wash your people I'm sorry if like everything they'd be put up and they don't do anything And when they always do these shows on you They don't really tell you what you do If a big build up and a big problem with where you're fine and then they show a piece that's absolutely nothing It's got a goodness information and I have an ability to say absolutely nothing on there And they show my little stupid black dog and then that's it Yeah, you know as far as you know, we already knew that yeah I mean tell us something you know, we're a great guy You are you know, you know, that's what I would want to see like what you know or maybe even tell the public what radio station I'm on a what time that would have been nice. But you know, this is broadcasting. They don't do stuff that makes sense. Okay pal later We have an open line and Howard to align as we continue Trashing our way through fighting the good fight eating the good food I got meatballs. I got a tag in sauce each I got onions a little bit of sauce here from the pizza law in Davy 35 14 tough university drive right behind here what imports and I pleasure to be called a don't say it because they get upset Why do they get upset when you say that? Do the people from the shopping center get upset about that? They're Jeff is saying yes. Oh, he's coming in there. That was a bad move. What? Okay Yeah, all right You think it used to be called woman's pleasure, but that's just your imagination. Okay, could do It is pizza law pleasure. You just make that up. Oh, it's the pizza law pleasure. They be there Right south of 595 between gripping and 595 right the idea of pure what import you think pure what import is a landmark Minion even the even our audience can find that okay get out of here, please get in my nerve Especially with that orange here. I'm maybe trying to be another book shambi Look at that this man is got like a accommodation Oh, and orange here. He's like a cross between Jelvey and between a booster and what is there? upstairs on Pau-96 what's the name for the yellow here? 1256 Colors like to speak about that the colors are yellow here is a good guy And called me mr. Rogers, but I thought I would ever do their hit him and Hey, you a What is it for a word back on here? Oh Jeff for corn just at the effort or two by the way. Okay, we're back on here But Neil Rogers should water down Jeff comes at the effort by the way to make it on here. We hope get a 90 share reason I'm not a lion open by the devil watch his hair or see to have a cat go baby His name was cut now he's pushing up there. Oh, babe White thing through from his chin due in however open Nerd bottle was hot and now it's for baby Go He got I took that I did That made a name and power never took a shower, go rain. And he's a number one hit in heaven big mustard, go rain. The only Elvis the King and say, grunt was my thing, go rain. So with your field without don't take curse, we out, go rain. He got high, say goodbye, then he died, go rain. Well, 4 or 5, 60 WM and so big one to our apologize for the day there at the top of the Arbor Jekyll and we didn't hear all that. I'm telling you all kinds of perverted disgusting and true stories. Which quite frankly, in the middle of my lunch hour, I don't want to hear these stories. Don't you understand, I'm not interested in hearing about all your disperieness, your perverted, your anal or love beads, your eye. I don't want to hear about it. On his crisp without gold steam, we have an open line of day one and growered, 5, 6, 7, and 0, 5, 60 and count, 6, the only 18, D, 1 as one. You're on on a diet, go over to Pennsylvania, I'll just got this special deal. For five bucks, no food, you'll just sit down at the table and tell you about his whole, all his sexual recipes you want to eat for a week. Here's Miami, hello? Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. I'll be in the last thing just next week. Yeah? I'm having a look at. Yeah? What? What are you saying, Jim? Right. I'll be at the X-Calvin. Great. Yes. And I don't think that Schterner is too bad with Diane Magna. I thought it was horrendous. I hope well, it wasn't anything to run it for. You know, it was nothing. It was inaccurate. It was, it was more crap. Yeah, but it just gave you just your style of speech. That's what we wanted. It gave one to your style. You know, nice, great back. Yeah. Pass out? Passed out. Passed out. Okay. Okay. Well, I love it. And I'm a script. We have an open line in the day, it's 567 and one in Broward, 567560, 560, 2560 on the ATT, whoever's fun. Obviously nobody saw the 48 hours piece like that, which is too bad. Because your kids out there, they were a school in their brains out of, he'd to break the news to you. Are you already know? So I guess these people just don't care about that. And they also don't have, you know, you got a bunch of protective parents who were all schooled around when they were at high school. But now it's either from one of their kids to hold their own story. But it's their kids to hold their own story, baby. And the time that you're spending right now listening to the show, you could be better used to take an instant to talk to your kids about the evil Zameroana. Thanks, Jeff. See you again someday, not too soon. Your friends is rabbi and here who is now a blue to him at the hip and goes around with him everywhere, Zorza Nazraiba. And he's watching over him like a hawk. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello. Why do you continue to hate me? To hate me? I get too close. Yeah, two questions. It's a fifth or not a sports show. Why are you going to make a quick follow-up? The question is, why do you continue to listen? I heard you can't ever talk to them. I haven't told them. I'm talking to a hawkie on the show today, okay, sir? And if that's the best material of that to be shot that you can come up with, try one of these. Okay, right in your temple. In fact, the rabbi just came back. He said, please, even do it in his temple. And he'll say, I've rocked for you as you're going down. That's the best they can do. All these creative guys with their great shots. Okay, in a meantime, you're still listening. And God will really know his way to how long on the phone to come up with his four seconds of fame. Two open lines and Brian, hello. What's up, Neil? Are you doing sir? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not a Sandra, I'm going to be there today. Maybe come from big time. I'm off there and then he goes to a Lawrence Taylor camp and I'll take it. Or across Lawrence Taylor says something might be. Yeah, I know. Small game crack Jesus. I'm going to tell him things. Yeah. I'm going to take it. That's what's up in the full-enconns book. Right. Whatever you say down, whatever he said. Overline a day to a Howard five six. Another was Spanglish Baby Talks Guide. Here's a mobile and cover-rage, huh? Mobile and cover-rage. Hey, Neil. Yes sir? I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow at Fortress. I'm on a few in a day. I suppose we'll go to the deal, but I really think they're tomorrow. Just, I guess, the Janet's project and they taught you, maybe if it's a phone, she's the one on the screen. I think you are right and revising your bond from 1998 to 7. Maybe 99%. Yes sir. The bond enough. I don't know. Maybe it's an accurate from what you saw. I don't know. Maybe it was an accurate from what you saw. You know, I'm so fortunate that let me sit in. John lived in my house. He lived with me for five minutes. My loved ones, my boyfriend, my putt bump were all ready. But everything we kind of made out of what? Number two, there was no mention of this radio station or what time I'm on or where I'm on or what there I do. Another method showed the camp of the joints out of which was fine. But other than that, it was nothing. There was nothing there. Well, you're right. We didn't talk about the stuff. I mean, if they want to show them the nicer side of me, it was never any much of the money I've read for Kamol's house. The camp paint we're doing now for 101. I mean, it always did with just milk. Like television does, but they milk with the promos all week long to get people to tune in. And then they gave you a little stock piece. And then they went out with their usual book. That's what that was it. And did nothing for me. Well, I was definitely gave the impression of what what you said. So I had to work very in acting. Okay. Anyway, I look forward to seeing you tomorrow. See ya. Thank you. Don't forget, no need to two borders in Kendall, Marshal. Two open lines of flowers. I mean, next thing you know, they'll dig up and they ship's body. And they'll have her on there with Sandy Payton or something like that. That'll be next on Channel 10. And her full-time companion, Sandy, or whatever the hell they're going to do. Hey, where do you go when you're feeling lucky? Right. Where do you go? It's so straightforward for you. 560, 2AL, Neil. 560, 2AL. Here's a fact from what about chronic pain. Oh, it's all right. Allen says, Diane made them a great sitting behind the desk and reading a teleprompter. But when she goes out to do some reporting, watch out. So the couple of months ago, she did a whatever happened to report about Kimberly Vergara, and little bit of that eight from most who were Dennis and her parents. After she'll unload footage of Kimberly's testify before Congress, and an interview with her parents, a cheerful Diane reported that Kimberly's parents would never give up until law is passed to require help professional to be screened for HIV so this never happened again. Once Diane left out with that sense to Vergara's case seven years ago, there is not a single documented case of a help provider in affecting the patients. This fact, of course, unscredits to the theory that said, in question, purposely for whatever reason, infected is unfortunate patients. In other words, constantly, and intrusive screening would have no purpose, and email sent to Diane, we see no response. And as far as I know, no clarification on the point as ever aired. Says it's early, Allen, one of our listeners. Well, what can I say? Allen, we still, she may not be good, but she's consistent. That's fucking bitch, no. And maybe it is only a nit-picking point about the fact that if you're going to do a story get her right, but they're like I said, what? Who needs it? So that's one thing you have to ask in life when you get involved in these kind of things. Are they using you? Are you using them? Usually it's a combination of both. They're using you and you're using them for the free publicity. But in this case, we got to respond. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, you're right. Great. I got the best side of the racer man. It's called Larry King Dyer. Yeah. I got a picture there in my agency. I got a picture here in my office. I got a picture here in my wallet. Every time I got hungry, I go out and have a fit. Where are you from? I'm from the factory here. I don't know. I got a time every time I see him. Anyway, you mean? I come, you know, I've come to the rescue never talked about it. But first of all, your friend John. John. John. Where do you live by then? I see him with you and not in hot day. Well, when you have to ever talk about him, I mentioned him by name. I would do like these two sides. Well, what I mean, I mean, is he normal or, you know, is he normal? Yeah. Is he gay or is he... Why are you writing a book? Do you want to date? No, but you can never talk about him. Well, do I talk about my brother or talk about my E. Do I talk about my E. Do I talk about my... Talk about your mother? Very rarely. Only about lunch and mommy's on Tuesday. Oh, I'll see you tomorrow, man. Yeah, I hope not. God, talk about getting a life. Open life is normal. That was the best question beer is he normal. No, my normal. No, my normal. No, that color normal. No, my dogs normal. No, is there anybody out there normal? No, there's no more kind normal. No, not only would he be a puddle organization. It's me normal. Oh, sir. You are the epitome of what's wrong with the little Havana. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Mr. You know, how you doing? Okay. A big fan. Have been listening for a long time, but I really take the show. I think you're right. I'll try to get... When it comes to like everything you talk about, I'll look, bitch, you want me to do what my name is. I think you're right on point. I have a bone to take with you, about it. I'll put you on that. When you show you've had a ball back, you've got a pull fiction. And you said that it was a piece of crap. It is. Why? Because that's my opinion. I mean, you say why it's a garbage movie. It's a teviotic. You know, they get spontaneous and fresh. No, it's not a lead vibration. The dialogue at the beginning would jump or hold in the car. Talk it about putting mayonnaise on the franchise and answer them. I mean, that is that's a me. You can just shut her off and say the right of it is going to be the worst. Which it is. Get the bunch of rituals, violence. It's like taking the joke that you've seen in the bar in good fellows where he shoots the kid and you're making a home movie out of it. Just over to over here. That's good gardens. All right. I can predict your idea. You know, if you like it, I agree to say if you want to pull and dip in friendly, that's the kind of movie you say like it's self-pricing and move velvet and stuff like that. Oh, no, I wouldn't say so. I mean, whatever. I mean, whatever. Great show. Keep it to the word. Okay. I'm not going to say it. Still in my room. That's hard. Pretty good. That's seen in the car. Pretty good. At least 6,402 times. About hey, you know what they put under fries and answer that. Mayonnaise. Wow. As if I didn't already know that of course, you know, which makes it a little bit more fond of it and boring. And by the way, if you go to answer them and the one thing that you noticed and really, you bring back home with you is the fact that you put mayonnaise on their fries. Get that **** out of here. Yeah, right. What a piece of crap movie that is. Did a day gigantic crap on the real. But hey, if you like it, you know, they're guys who like vanilla ice cream too. What can I tell you? I like that in Jerry. I like someone who will taste it. You know, everybody's got their own things. Even even the side of them is taste. Like that is bad. I like that. I like that. Here's a plantation. Hello. Maybe I go and read. First of all, did you see the whole movie? Well, fiction. No, of course not. I think the picture is something I think he said about he said a once about the man is he also went into the beer in the McDonald's. He also went into the hash bars and everything. I watched it on a plane coming back a couple years ago coming back from one of my 80 million European trips. Right. And it was one of those planes where they give you the little your own personal VCR. You pick out the movie. I thought, okay, well, I heard so much about this and here I'm a can't of audience the next 500 hours. I'll watch it. I'll make it honest to them to watch it. And I watched about 45 minutes of it and I popped that baby out of there and I said give me another movie and get this out of it. Well, if you ever get the urge and you're really wondering. Yeah, I think you enjoyed the movie. Okay, the attention. What else was I looking at? I'm on the plane. Am I sniffing parts from the seat and for them? I'm watching them. Well, we also might have to be doing it. Yeah, you don't want your Chris does everybody else for doing it. Take it a half a piece of something and go in from there. I'm going to find minutes you're going to have to. These, well, if you watched it for 45 minutes like you said, you would have realized that he spoke about man is one and that there was a lot more involved than Amsterdam. So, not, you know, let's see it. Let me see it again. I didn't like the idea. I'm not going to watch it again. Is that okay? That works for maybe I don't go weak. Okay, and back to you. See, this idea, it's like I love fish food. Maybe you like vanilla ice cream. Maybe you like butter crunch. Maybe you like butter for can. Maybe you like plain, me a poll and ice cream. Chocolate, strawberry and vanilla. And more power to you. That doesn't make you bad person because you don't have to save a penny. It's like these sports nerds on this station. Oh, the gator is your an asshole because you like to get whatever. What the hell their hoods does it make? Jesus Christ, all the other important things throughout our You and Kelly Cheddar, about like religion and stuff like that. And these people got to have a verbal brawl because you don't like the same stupid movie or the same kind of ice cream or the same most sports team. Like these assholes that get drunk and get into fights with brawgings because, wow, that's the macho thing to do. Yeah, you're a jet fan. Here I go. Well, whatever the hell you are. So, make come as a shock to you. They might actually be some nice jet fan. I'm not doubted, but they're nice. Here's a mobile and open part. Telling. You deny you the fact that you two don't share a bed with me. Oh God, blow it out your ass. Am I denying the fact? Why did you come over to the house by the you can investigate. John's bedroom. My bedroom, okay. No, that's just a rule. That's just a cover-up. The fact that we have two separate. Am I denying the fact? Like we got an inquisition going on here, sir. Since they took this guy since they took his website away and his chat room, this guy's got nothing going in his life. I don't think you're sharing a bedroom with yourself. That's the problem. Here's a mobile and full-bodied ill, huh? Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Are you straight? Great. I've been listening to you, I've found you when you were still on. Have a nice day. Here's the girl. And I've told you ever since. And anytime I get in the car that you're on, you're on with me. Great. I think that you underestimate your already. And I've never called you before. I've been listening to you for many, many years. I think you're a many, many, many people like me. It's just never get to a phone. And you just never want to maybe pick up maybe during seven days. Well, that's you overwhelming majority of people don't ever call a top show. Not just this one. I'm calling a top show. I'm just saying that the only role majority of your listeners don't call you. Right. But if you, I mean, you're well aware of what you created several years ago. That's in the situation. Yeah. And with the preschool. I mean, I went down to the store where it's milk. And I didn't believe that that many people would go down. We had 72 million people lined up. I mean, we've used done sitting here with the fish. I personally don't have until like the fish. But the side of the point, what you've done for put the putting behind and the, And the hot sea. Mm-hmm. I mean, my cousin's a fan that should bounce out. I tried they should kiss my behind. Would you've done to raise money out of the list? This is an unsafe commercial. Yeah. Would you've done to raise money? Would you've done to raise money? Even so, and you out there in California? Right. And I'll put it so I'll keep right. I mean, if people don't really move or ask them on, mind. Right. Unfortunately, I have to solicit to parents and unfortunately, the people at night as you claim was not the, it didn't give enough information. And I think the reason for that is that you only allow the very very short three to time. I think it's a couple of minutes. Right. And they try to squeeze in whatever they did. And that period of time. Right. Well, I'll let me ask you this. If that's the case, if it was a real tight on time in this piece, how come they had time to show a 15 second to be sitting at the track and showing the horses? Is it the part of it? You know, when I tell you I go to the track to pop it apart, most people know what a horse looks like. Okay. They know what a horse race looks like. They don't need to see 15 seconds of the two minutes. My other back of mind. Head watching a race at the race track. Do you know what I'm saying? The nail. If you are conversion enough to know, they'll increase. That's what I'm saying is frankly sport is a story. When you see the story after you see the story, you see the story. Oh, yes. Oh, that's all I've ever done. That's why I don't even talk to them. Oh, so it's very, very. I mean, when we sport has got to get a piece and sometimes you don't recognize it. This is you. Yeah. But I do want to say that they said you can. And I'll put it in a felt guilty. The first time I left this call, you never had the nerve to take it up until 24. I want to congratulate you on the job you're doing. I'm always sorry that there's still left because the one super. Yeah. If you guys had words, well, he's not sorry that they don't pay a leave. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. I go tell myself all. We have an open line in Howard. Five, six, seven, five. Everyone given a traffic ticket were served. The people wouldn't stand for it. They said. Teachers, William, rank was that Nazi badge. You quoted a note of that police have authority to conduct a search to protect their own safety. Justice Antonin Scalia has chambers whether an officer could stop someone or a person who would have a request and search them and drop the arrest. She said yes. Scalia said, wow. And on and on a win. Justice Anthony Kennedy noted the Supreme Court's 1973 decision allows police to conduct a search into a arrest. You want to turn it around and have an arrest incident to search. He said, as in no way Jose. Like I said, get those great full dead bumper stickers off your car because the porters will pull your ass over and carry your car apart and make your life miserable. You're not able to a strip search. Stick their nose in your crack dome and make your life worthless. Here's a model in Kendall. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah. Neil. Just to listen. Just reasonly. And, uh, you know, your, uh, your humor is quite refreshing. I had a couple questions for you. One, um, give her to me, uh, a noise from the, uh, man. From the radio station. When you really, you know, go for it. When you just let it all out. The only noise I get from them is. Yeah. No noise. I hear you. I hear you. You know, I think you are talking about, uh, the cruising and stuff like that. I was curious. You talking about like, um, there's gambling cruises. Are you talking about like cruising in general? People go out for 70 cruise. Oh. Oh. Have you been on the cruise before? Yes. One. And who are you to go with? How's your series? What do you mean who do I go with? Like, uh, what cruise lines do you go with? I was a long time ago. I would never go again. Ever. I mean, but you think that, uh, the industry hasn't changed at all if it's, you know. Well, I see these people disappearing in the middle of her, her, canes as to these people getting seasick and having fires on the boat. And, uh, nobody reporting it in time and then taking days to get their luggage. I, my idea of having a good vacation is not being a captive audience to see. Because at least, you know, you get on a plane and you go somewhere. You're not having a good time. So you hop out of plane, you go someplace else. But once you're out there in the middle of the ocean, my friend, or in the middle of the Caribbean, you're a captive audience. I also want to jump overboard. No, I hear you. I hear you. I know. I'm not in my company. I hate it. Well, listen. Okay, thank you. I hope you're on a date count. So I don't like cruise ships. I don't like health fiction. Gotta buy a son of a bitch. Right? I don't like. It's a wrong with you, Mr. Plus, not being normal. We know that. Quite a bit strict at Call before. Is that redundant normal strict? Are it that redundant or, uh, actually, more on? Is he normal? Oh, my god. That's, that, I'm, write that down. Okay, write down the time the day you, uh, hit on your ankle. Here's a call from Angle Woodella. How you doing? Okay sir. Hello Broadcasts, so for these folks. I want to go to the jet team in a couple of weeks. I'll tell you something about jet team. What do you mean we're on the go over to the jet team? What does that mean? There'll be just three plain ma'am, yeah, about three weeks. Tonight's time Sunday night. That's eight o'clock. Yeah. And my brothers coming down from Florida. And I haven't been over to my amyam. It's probably 15 years. Where's a great place to stay number one number two? A great place to stay in Miami. Yeah, I'll provide a Saturday Sunday. I know you got over pass and I'll have a 30-fer. Okay. And good place to eat. Okay. Okay. No, it can be a little sauce. No, it's out. And also, the new stadium would have been probably considered a decent seed. I don't want to be stuck in the hands of them. No, no, please. I'm about to deck you think? Yeah, I'll predict it's the best. Like, four or three is good. I think you could make four or three. How about the time pal? That's okay. Four or three is good. What's wrong with that? He's been a start-up to Camille's house. Have a nice meal there. They'll camp out overnight under the I-95 over pass there. Maybe they can even get a sweet corn for a couple of days while they're there. Like I-95, what's the river? 100-and-third? And I-95? Oh, yeah. They got guys with the signs here, but today they went by the half-hour. They said, like, a heavy traffic to intersection. And then he can go up and then those three, their bring his own oxygen. Have a hell of a good time. I thought it was a call from like, Englewood, New Jersey someplace like that. Or maybe tenified. That was like Englewood, Florida. Oh, God. And he's in broadcasting? Is that what that guy said? Here's a mobile in-south Miami, hello. And you know, yes, sir. That last guy was great. I thought, I think when he calls the information, he's going to get, you can ask for the high-it-overpass. Uh-huh. But, uh, Neil. Nice. Great for fade-by-the-way. Five-thirty every afternoon. Sir, the Camille South. Yeah, right. Neil, um, I totally agree with you about Paul Fiction. He's so many people when that movie came out. I'm kind of interested in some movies. And everybody, I mean, I was on the critic of him with that. And I, uh, I was the puke from. The movie was crap. And, uh, something else that's kind of in a way related. Um, what do you think of Robin Williams? Funny guy doing his stand-up routine. The worst movies in the history of the human race. I, I had other than in the morning he had none. Every movie that this may have made with a lob thomba. It was a disaster. I must have started with a movie. I had to hear him say, stay anything funny. Everybody's definitely not a thing. Everybody tells me, oh, he's a comic genius. No, he's a funny guy. Really? Yeah, I'm sorry, I disagree. About the only, the only problem being there that the last, you know how guys become pirates of themselves like rich little. Yeah. The impersonator, rich little bigger. Yeah. And Robin Williams has done the same thing. He's always on. He's always doing that same thing. That same routine. You know. My, my theory on rich little was that he really didn't even have a person. Now it's very open. Right. All right, Neil. But he was here in my car and spirit. They'll okay. Have a great day. Yeah, they brought back Hollywood squares. Anybody watching that? No. No good. Let's bring back the old people. Okay, just, just pop them up into seats. They're all dead. Call in in the center square. Charlie Archets. If we were there in the bottom left hand. Ah, George Gobel. All the dead people were the great Hollywood squares. What's here at Peter Marshall? We may not be dead, but he sure looked at sort of the under. Oh, right. The way he's there. His son's name was Pete LaCoff. Did you know that? He was a baseball player. Played for the comes very briefly. Professional baseball player. Pete LaCoff with Peter Marshall son. How do you like that? Last story. We have an open line of day. Five. Just line. In fact, speaking of that, Bonnie Franklin. I mean, we'll punch you to the end of the end of the end of the end of the end. But you know how he's got like a little kind of almost a Brian Murray-esque speech problem. Probably can have in too many strange things in his mouth. But in any way, he was talking about how they were cutting down the time. And this was supposed to be super important. And he was trying to say, now all of a sudden, where everybody's watching the clock. But he must have said it about four times in a row. And can sit, please. He just didn't quite make it in there. He's time he said clock. You know what I'm saying? You know, you wanted to put it in there. So to speak. But the elders just, and they all looked at him and said, maybe you're watching it by what you've got. Whatever your name is. And as a result, thanks to be late today. So we have the kitty Corby, got Josh, and Jason, and Clarence, and Jason and Josh, and the Corby. And Cory. And I say, Clarence. Oh, and Mac Corby, I get them all confused. To me, there's all I got. I'm bigger than Clarence's Josh. Darren's dear, oh yes. But to me, it's like all the same person. Isn't it like only one people doing like four different voices? So this weekend, a whole do I have a lot of evidence in people, right? Oh, right? Here's, uh, ten of the time, so. Yeah. Yeah, I don't want to know if you've got what happened to Jeff Boocobo, right? No. Oh, you've just showed on the ESPN and Santa, that's, uh, he got cold cock by Johnson from, uh, the King's Black Knights, and it was not that cold on the ice. Mm-hmm. Well, the biggest fight isn't any children, just completely knocked out good. And for what I understand, they're really going to suspend Johnson. They're looking for the $7,000. And I'm who did they just give the $7,000, too, or was that, uh, an Azulam, an Zah from Tampa? Yeah, they just got crushed. Good, because he's a real piece of crap. Why is it this happen? It's probably the fact that they have this horrible Lazi team. Every year, they have to have at least one or two of the dirtiest players in the league. Or if you're not winning, you know, what the hell is that? It might also be the crap on the slide, but you know, you're just about to go to the point. And, uh, we're working on the point now, but unfortunately, we want to start my club this morning. Uh, I have this first C1. Yes. And I heard Jeff the chorus for first two, cluby thrister Monday night, looking like Joe Marnds, Hannah. Oh, my god. I don't know. That that's my current Murray segment. Paul Warrs, why is my play like Bobby Warrs? I literally got that thought that Bobby Warrs is anything of what Joe Marnds and what he's always under a lot of stress. You know, when you got as many gambling deficits he's got under a lot of stress. Well, maybe he had a take and a medal. Okay. See. Now, not that we have any gambling degenerates on his station, though. Now, we don't have any of those. Two open line. In fact, the default is that he's going to be the track from. You can just see that. He's getting real scurvy looking and didn't shave today. And, uh, the real fatty's got a perfect figure to mind. He's going to turn into another outgold team, but he'll be one of those guys sitting down there by the rail. It's a track. Hand him. Here's, uh, what's Palm Beach? Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Holidays. Maxine. You already mentioned Peter Marthle before. Here's a Peter Marthle update, which you might know he might put. He works for your old friend, buddy. Really? He's got a game show on the new tax TV. The game is still called Real to Real. And it's produced, you know, by buddy, bud. And it's, uh, it's, he's terrible. Oh, my god. Yeah. Absolutely terrible. It's like a rubber glove. Absolutely. So that's your Peter Marthle update. Thanks for the good news. My pleasure. What a happy old people of cop. We have three open lines in the broward. Five, six in the bad player just said they said, But anyway, like that, you've got to be finding something else to do. Bad for the image of baseball. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Okay. First time calling it a long time vision. Um, I want to ask you about Ben and Jerry. Because, um, I've been looking everywhere for this. But, um, specific Ben and Jerry that had once. It was a peanut butter and jelly. Do you know where they could fill that? Yeah, probably in a store will be a good place to find it. We have an open line in, uh, day two and a row. It's always the first time calling too. Are we the first time in this hour? Just quarter hour. Let's go to Miami Beach, hello. You know, yes, sir. Yes, um, um, um, I'm not out. So many baseballs. I'm, um, from Haiti. Uh, beautiful five years. Yeah, I'm on the show. My girlfriend is Jewish, but she doesn't like your show. But, uh, she's Jewish and she doesn't like the show. No, she does. That's a problem. I don't know. But, if she's in part of a Jeff. That's a no. But I love that TV show is the show that's not on anymore. What do you mean, sir? What's that? It's not on anymore. All right. There's a what? On every night, 10 30. Oh, 10 30, okay. Um, about the only Haitian down here in the neighborhood. But, look at you. Are you kidding me? I'm number one in Haitians, man. I am monster in Haitian community. What a guy I have for you. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. I've got a flat that bitch around a little bit. Straight in her eyes out. Jewish bitch. By the way, if we heard from one woman all day today, No, I don't think so. What? Oh, there's one. There's a lady mobile in Miami Springs, huh? Yeah. Hello, me. Yes, man. I am a street. I'm a street. Right. And I don't know. I'm a phone. Hmm. And I know where to be depressed. And I want to know why you never write from my son Laura. Why never write? I'm her. Uh-huh. I'm who? Dr. Laura. You know what he's? Hello? Dr. Laura. Dr. Laura. Yeah. I'm maybe I'm from nine 40 weeks. Yeah. Okay. You see, I would waste my time with that bitch. That's fucking bitch. I would waste my time with her with that man hitting bitch. Miss, good to be too. Yeah, I'm missing. I'm my mom. Yeah. I'm my children's mom. I'm my mother's mother. I know. I wouldn't waste that. I wouldn't waste that. Why would anybody waste our time calling her? To be offended and you know, treat it like the way she treat her. Why? Well, why would they waste their time doing that when they could go here and do it? I start. Okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. I'm sick and you'll be the one. Okay. We have two older lives a day to a flower. Dr. Laura. That's fucking bitch. I understand the word she said between that bed cell phone. It's not their boys and girls. We got to do something about that real soon or else. You want to get a great time. The bucks borrow for their Monday night showdown with the Patriots. I'm not the kickoff. It's actually four. Bill's number of gymmen that's called the edge of the day 15. Monday on Sports Radio 5. The two A.M. Gordon did South Florida a major blow job. Hi. I've got your Laura's place in here. And I'm here to tell you a little bit of how she's. Because it takes a real sour quiz. They try to tell you how to describe these. You don't have to do it. I'm probably too stupid. But what I do is I spread my legs like this. Kind of upside down. It's squish in. Kind of gross in and nothing works better than condo gross in and. Give it a little squish. It's the internet slot. 155 and 560 WQA. Oh, by the way, I forgot to even mention the thing about the Patriots. I'm not the Patriots moving though. A Hartford Connecticut. How do you like that? I don't know. It's just the 1000's. I hope they draw 500 people again. Servant right. Bob Craft and all of his crap. Okay. Hartford Connecticut. Hartford Connecticut is a sports town like the Tavian New York is a major league sports town. They already tried their crap or the wheelers. And they managed to, you know, had a couple of years they drew some people. And most of the last seven years. And the purpose of putting they moved temporarily to Greensboro, Carolina, where they drawn like 70 people are giving, including the concessionaires. Hartford Connecticut. Nice going as we watch sports disintegrate. How do I call those yellow seats like? I predicted at the Freaks Center live. Yellow seats is guy disguised as paying patrons at the Bruin game. Here's Palm Beach. Show them. Oh, yes sir. Hey, Neil. You did a bit thing that happened to his town. There's Wayne Potter. You had to go. Yeah. I was just hit at the E.O.B. And we were, I was nobody else. And we were on that. It's crazy because of the Nazis and they take over. They go on with us. You know, just to see your TV night's left. Yeah, I can say, well, here was an Nazi's already a Nazi. I know. But you know, it doesn't see you left. TV, you know, just to see your name, missing along with white louder nails. I believe you're going straight up. Oh, yeah. Hopefully not that old though. Have you read the tape down? You read it. John is a little old on it. Since he shaved off at Mustangs, what happened? So it looks like something like he got hit by the ugly stick. Not that he was ever eat lovely guy. But John, since he shaved off at Mustangs, he looked about 85 years old and about 10 times other than he used to be, which is, thank God, why looks so pretty good. I'm that thing last night. And you're right about saying, I'm not even sure about it. I wasn't going to say that to our sub-the-piece, but you're right. It's a mess. There's a mobile and open part. I don't know. I don't know. I said, I have a dollar for a fan of these. It's a fan of these. I'm not saying that to the six. I have no idea. But that's an epidemic that is sweeping the sports all over the place. The intent that they're doing, like, five, six thousand people again. And the islanders are doing like four, five, thousand people again. The gemel of thousands and thousands and thousands of NPCs every one again. It's, you know, the people just want to change. They had possibly a kind of a fight. So the girls are want to hide. They're going to be anemic, and they're stuck at one of their activities. They'll say, I don't think they'll say, I'm not everybody born again, including the season opener. You can watch for a few minutes. And you'll see thousands of empty yellow seats in the court. The fact that they teach our yellow makes it so confusing, you know, I'm saying. You're right. But I want you to be on the ditch. I get to settle on the line. It's the right. But if I was a bomb crafting, I still think it's a little bit of a deal going here. I think he's just picked that. He's the other two. He's a dollar by out of, yes. Which you would gladly put a $2 million dollar by out to get the politicians and the students get the rest. Yeah. If they don't say, he's got to be out of his mind. He can't really go hard. And what they think that hearts are that is going to support an national football league, or that people in Boston are going to go drive two hours to heart. They go out to get their own their minds. Hey, right. And is there any truth to the rumor that's the guy scoring them guys doing their show from my Chuck E. He's coming on a two-apart? Yes. And the would guilty. Yeah, that's right. I think that's a, I guess he much had on it was guilty. He's worth it. And the guys who are putting up a dime, a couple of bucks, have a big bank together. Thank you. It's going to be a little bit later. He's just sending a few more. Maybe have something to do with this radio station. But nevertheless, what a banner day George got his bonus. He's just one bonus. Not just two bonuses, but three big fat, a lot of 10, money taken out. And I got a big fat bonus that might have been, and not a bonus for whatever one's a raise. That's it. That pay from my race on October 1st. With all those vacations you take, you still got a raise in it? Yeah, right. And you know how you're sleeping at bed with those two dogs? Oh, my God. I'm telling you, the grand inquisitor's there at it again. Don't forget, we'll be at borders tomorrow. No one's a two. Vortars in Kendall's house. And this is how it would please be there or else.