Sports radio 560 W 2 AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers The film with the LSD The Neil called 567 056 The toll free for David Rower and or pound 560 on yourself All the details of Neil his guests call her anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 The president you are about to receive a purchase by a bunch of max out of which best individuals are So these are the head-know idea which one really don't care any president to receive exactly your size I'm gonna call you like as a mistake or try and say it's having another egg not listen away Christmas one more time and only your hopes get too high One season of course and then all all is quite old No, no, no, no, no Run to the mall Go spend it all always quite old You're going from last fight as they can try to pick the monster The solar quite old West And that's by the party space here all over the chest There's a fighter And very very very Merry Christmas And very very Merry Christmas And that's a lot of fun Go spend it all always quite old Go go in the mountains And the moss moths and they're all always quite old Go on going broke Mark Okay, 10-01. Thank you at 560 WQAM Happy Hanukkah happy at Merry Christmas Happy whatever it is Thank you God! Day Why don't we have a holiday like that and honor of me huh? Day of God Day one to your pick them whatever they don't feel like being here sounds good to me Oh So anyway I got a funny fact this morning just started off my morning on a bright note and like I said Funny fact this time was an A-mon on a funny name Sam Who's giving me a song to the answer the same see you same if you had somebody else right your facts And maybe you might be able to pull the wool over our eyes But I don't think so tired old chronic facts you're oh gee I tore it up before I would work with from which this one actually has a letterhead a nothing on it SM's AM SMC insurance whatever it hell at is I just thought I mentioned it in passing chronic with the same old tired hand where I look was scrolling of a child like a little child What we've got good news and bad news today boys and girls on the death watch The good news is as this this this man refuses to croak you know I mean there comes a time When you do the honorable thing, okay, and just leave everybody alone already don't you think put your head on a pillow like that fit that we got where she's put your head on the table Ronnie You know by the way when he gonna grow pretty soon. I think The magio is hanging in there. Oh right That's right condition improving but could worsen doctor say in other words he could die 84 years you know something I think I guess that I'm listening to Hank and we come on with one of our five year old dudes and sports up They go to magio is doing great. He's gonna suit up and pinstrap the V.A. He's again next season The thought of an 84 year old man with a one-long removed putting on a jackstrap somehow it repels me Maybe I'll maybe it's just me You know what I'm saying the thought of a dying 84 year old man with crusty underwear putting out a jackstrap one last time and putting on the Ankee pinstrap totally unnecessary and I'm called for Condition improving but who as the saga this man is out doing Elizabeth Taylor. I'll tell you that I mean one day you look at the tabloids and he's all puffed up and bloated and like a one breath away from death The next minute she's making a big comeback. She's running around with Michael Jackson every other fruitcake She can find Baseball legend don't jodomazio showed improvement who's day finding back an infection and fever that had his doctors family and friends during the worst Today there's a little a little more hopes that Dr. Earl Baron one of six doctors have been carrying for the 84 year old former Yankees Lugger since been October one of six doctors have been carrying for him Do you think one all of us are on our death bed? They're gonna be six doctors carrying for us? No The measure has been battling lung cancer and infections ever since he was gonna do a memorial regional medical center in Hollywood He fought 102 degree fever and ammonia is good lung an infection in his intestines But it's totally to call him to come back kid. He's gonna be here a lot longer Baron said but for now he's hanging in there I love the piece that I think was on channel four news yesterday Well, did we peep at the same great news? Hello, this is really very important and then they said well, but the thing is he's never gonna get out of there in other words It's a matter of time. He's good one day. He's not so good the next day. He's he's dying over there's what he said That's who would you like eat that's what he said? So Joe to measure was hanging in there today, but the fact is in spite of what they think over there at the Harold and spot of Greg Coat text the man actually will die. I mean even famous people die. I know that comes as a tremendous blow to some people out there And then of course the really bad news. That was the good news. That's the good news. That's the good news The bad news is for my guiding light people out there Michael's as low 54 one ME for soap opera World see you got to read these obituary pages. I mean that should be your fourth or first the fourth or their business Roger Thor from guiding light is dead Oh And boy, did they treat him like crap on that fish? When they unceremoniously dumped him out of there because he was you know, he had this mysterious disease which it took him a long time to diagnose which turned out to be a ALS And Founded an ALS organization as as angels and he did a lot of good stuff He went on one life to live on ABC and he portrayed a guy who was you know They used to do that on guiding light remember bird bow when he chopped off her leg And he went on a show and I would like a woman with a leg chopped out and the she died But at any rate a with Roger Thorp he could he was speaking slowly. He was talking he couldn't speak properly He was being native to what it was And then all of a sudden come to find out he had this horrendous disease He went on that one life to look because they be see put him on the CBS and guiding light after how many years? 25 years he portrayed Roger Thorp on guiding light And they said no, no, you're out How do you like that? He died of lukeurage disease yesterday in New York 54 years old Roger Thorp and who wanted in fact There's a picture he's catching an ME who won in 1994 for as well as a Roger Thorp on the guiding light See people think that soap operas are crap although I noticed that NBA players since they got off the do the even air milling They're sitting around watching soap operas because what else are they gonna do during the daytime? Almost about their assigning autographs for a lot of bucks and playing a charity a gut ball games for a lot of big bucks But if any rate people put those shows down, but the people who act on those shows are some of the best actors Neckresses in Hollywood in wherever they're you know New York wherever on radio and TV Are there actors on radio? Yeah, there are like me But I mean this guy was great Roger Thorp you hated him. He was always My most of the time once a while they try to make him into a little bit of a nice guy, you know, he died two or three times during the course of the show They need to make it come back like soap operas do because guess what Virginia soap operas are not for real? Oh my god, that's right. They're not for it's all fantasy So there's the good news in the bad news the good fact that it's really sad news because Joe to Matthew is 84 years old Roger Thorp by Michael's asshole He was only 54 years old So don't you think they kind of got like backwards? I mean, you know Joe I hate to break the news to you and I noticed that people on this radio station there like I've said with Jolton Joe to Matthew He was a ball player He was a ball player. Did he solve like any major problems of the world? Oh did he you know come up with a cure for cancer? Oh, I mean he was married in Maryland, Monroe He was the very ugly guy and he still is by the way because he's still alive So I we shouldn't talk about him in the past tense yet But this is another one of those media feeding friends he's that we have to be treated to this non-stop Oh my god Joe to Matthew is he alive as he did and of course the same thing was true when son after was cooking and what is what a coincidence They're running a front pages of the newspaper more BS and both your papers today They just they just have to dance around the edges even though the guy is dead Because they still have to sell a lot of records, you know, they still have to sell a lot of books and make a lot of money in his name It's like after Elvis Presley died Everybody was rushing out there to buy the records was he really dead as he alive. I saw him over it I saw him at the pink isn't he tried that's why they closed down Everybody was doing Elvis signings and he became more popular and like a gigantic legend almost like a religious figure a cult figure after he died So it Frank Sinatra it's bad for business even though he's dead It's bad for business if we tell a real story about him you have to read one of those real unauthorized biography books Which I've been telling you about for years if you want to real story FBI and Sinatra and Stormy history official file shows And it goes on about the J. Edgar gay Edgar Hoover from the FBI and the surveillance and I mean how come they don't talk about the casino That's not your head and interest did not there in Palm Springs that they made him divest his interest because he was in partners with the gangsters and gangsters were frequently enjoyed Now we don't want to make that up although there is a picture here. It says shady characters A photo of Frank Sinatra second from left second from life That's like that picture they had the other day when it was only one picture and it said so and so to the right To the right I mean like like we don't know that there's a picture there and that's who it is A photo of Frank Sinatra second from left I'm with among others repeated my figures Carl O'Gambe no second from right and Jimmy the Weasel fradiano Taken at a New York theater 1976 do the FBI's interest At Jube gay Edgar Hoover's interest by the way you do know that Clyde Tulson is buried next to gay Edgar Hoover. You do all that on you besides him next to him I don't mean beside as besides beside as in next to him right next to him So then maybe maybe even underground under the In between the worms maybe they're sticking their worm through the a casket and still a dolly each other who knows That's another thing and that's probably the FBI to get very nervous you talk about gay Edgar Hoover But then there's that one that great book What the hell is the name of it? I have no idea you know the one I'm talking about Nine minutes after ten to five sixty w q a m on a really great Wednesday Go about this out angels they are everywhere you look Especially on TV he was growing and smiling this Sunday In these things will take you beyond the realm of angels into a strange world of far more unbelievable Mary I got something touch me. I sat full upright with these big goose bumps all over my body There was a fairy in my bed There is on the covers the myths and people's and leaves bear that chose a part more rig right You know I'm not for a bear now one of those here bark all the way in flamengo and my Bears bears ever like there is meat real people somewhat like you who have actually had contact with Family you know I swear there's two fairies living in the apartment right above Oh We're ready to live helping hand. I think a couple of very live in the shower at the lies It's the supernatural The shock you literally you shouldn't fail to miss It's something on the beast What is it about the lie by the way never never really a question that until I just heard that you know I mean all my life I've been aware that there are some very strange things that go on at the why But why is it that so many people congregate at the why anyway? 10 15 at 5 60 WQM I guess it depends on which why you're talking about is that what we're saying here's because this ought to be a short call Delray B. Chilla Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Okay. Well, I want to comment on some of you been saying the past a couple of days What is that well a it's pertaining to how we look up the stars and how we idolize them and all that I think some deserve it a little more than others like pertaining to Elvis Presley Elvis was different not just because he sold more records than everybody else, but he inadvertently that's what's in his intention But yeah change a lot of things Okay, whether it was musically the way he dressed Culturally This Nassani was to say he was one of the most influential people in the latter half of the 20th century He believed that Without doubt He was a very influential and different type of things okay, that's why people idolize them in 600,000 people a year ago to return No and you're and you're saying the six hundred thousand people go to Graceland as though these are people who are like Mentally put together that they're not a few brick short, but you know what meal they have fun when they go there and there's nothing wrong with having fun Oh my god, I can't but this this the fact that you're saying this with a straight face if I thought you were joking I'd be laughing with you, okay, but it sounds to me. Please tell me that this is a joke. Please tell me you're pretty me on Please I'm begging you. No seriously. It's the holiday time here I want to feel good. I'm in a great mood. I feel great. I want you to tell me that you're pulling my leg You're a one common with me love Vegas too. Yeah, he loves Vegas Now all of the people I have a lot in common with Elvis Presley We look a lot alike. I'll say that A meal toward his later years. He was big fat. He'll hold it to just like I Put it to this way. Okay, you always talk about what's wrong with people having fun The people that go to with all of them. No, they're not having fun. They had they suffer from a new Roses they won't let it go, okay. This man has been dead for how many years now 20 years? 20 years yeah, he's been dead for 20 years and they were let it go. What what's deployed it going there? What is the point? What are they gonna? It's like the people that go up to that place in Georgia to see the virgin Mary every year Him if they don't if they're not homie people are pretty fulfillment to their life It's like they have a right to do whatever crazy. I'm not questioning that but the the fact that these people are Slepping there and wasting their time aren't their better things for them to do is they that's like the people that go to the Sogarus like he's asking that question. What do they keep going there? No seriously? You know you know what people go there for? Well, if they did a demographic breakdown you see that a lot of them probably Might be from out of the area because I think the people that go to the Sogarus the people that go to grace land have one thing in common If you put them all together, they'd say I have no life right How great they found please. I'm telling you you're killing me. He's not serious. He can't be that guy sounds much to Intelligent much to our particular. He can't really believe a can a 600,000 people years left a great left and have you ever seen those people that trailer park Right trailer park trash that's right in fact most of them as soon as he mentioned that I started Conjuring up the images they're like those porky Jocks and if I was talking about the other day who go up put their face up against the glass at the hockey games when the players come out for practice Before the game you watch tonight if you go to the pants and a lot of one game before the game there'll be a bunch of Big fat porky women will stick their nose right up against the glass when the players come out. I got news for you They wouldn't they wouldn't touch those broads for if they were a grand appease for 50 grand They wouldn't get anywhere near them. Okay. They wouldn't give them a sniff any of the athletes And yet they're out there with their nose I mean because you know because they're living in a fantasy land which I guess it's okay if that's the best you can do I have no right so make a fantasy land for yourself If you're that grotesque and bloated and disgusting and nauseated and they have that much a little bit a little self esteem Did you figure there's no real living and breathing person out there that would even come close to you So go out there and like you know fantasize Ah, three Whitney. I'm gonna go Ray Whitney ain't gonna touch you lady. I I got a better chance to do and Ray Whitney than you do. Okay? That's right none but that but that's a better chance because you got my in the minus column you all points Seriously any any any these sporting events you look at those dogs different and then of course There's another category speaking of trailer park trash. There are the real professional slots The the roadies, you know the colony's concerters the professional horse, which is fine I mean you know guys want to get laid but at least some of them look pretty good. Huh When we were at the back street Boys constitute up there at that horrible horrible place that the auto wants to say that get what he gripper up At that place that they're in Palm Beach County And there were like we were sitting right behind the sound the the sound pit Like 25,000 feet away from the stage and through the rain and all the others. Oh, I think there's some people up there on stage I don't know who they are. I say I make out in the distance some figures But at any rate right in front of us there were some of those roadies sitting on the thing They're waiting for the concert to be over so they could uh and you definitely have a better chance at them than they do But the back street would lick I would say yeah, I don't know about the other ones, but yeah But yeah, I just I just amazing you know it's part of life. I mean to each zone if that's what turns you And if you want to go to Graceland and wait for the king So the whole hell listening it's like the Beatles the Beatles changed the life in the world did the Beatles really change life No, first not I mean first of all was Elvis perfectly a great singer. Oh a great really. I mean let's get serious. Okay, and I liked Elvis Is it can I had all his records, okay? He looks pretty good He didn't look as good as Pat Boone. I didn't think now isn't that terrible. I have to admit that on the year that that's really bad That's really coming out of the closet Admitting that as a kid I had I had a picture of Pat Boone in a bathing suit. I'm forget where the hell I got some one of those teeny bumper magazine Last week. No, no, this is many years many years ago. No seriously Pat Boone was a good I mean he was a great he turned into an asshole and we're religious goodie to issues, but hey, you can't help that But I would say that Elvis Presley the idea that he was a great singer a great musician I mean split with his mother till he was 20 years old so obviously he had some few problems along the way And there are all kinds of stories about him in Priscilla and about you know maybe who knows who knows what the whole story and who cares Okay, he likes Vegas. He liked his cheeseburgers and he liked his drugs enough said But and it's right in line with what the guy started talking about about athletes okay, but you know all these illiterate jokes These dumbbells these morons and I'm listening to these people at the end of the morning show this morning and it's like a bunch of kids in a sandbox The idea what's gonna happen in the game on Sunday and If the world is the outcome of the world I mean it's an important game as ball games go as sports go as the NFL goes as you know For those people or friends which they're entitled But I mean the juvenile it it's it said that's why you have all these people go there trying to relive their childhood because basically They're saying I have no line right it's important to them. This is very important craft And that's why when they cranked the music up they program these people like our Tomatons They didn't even realize they're being programmed Then that I know I'm going to the hockey game tonight and I guarantee at least let me say one positive thing Okay, the last game what the last game with that three three-tie game Carolina Saturday okay last Panther game At least we heard some different music and I said God This is I'm not saying that we didn't hear Jerry Glitter because of game without Gary Glitter was like you know orange juice without Anita forget it You just gotta have it, but at least we've heard some different music and I thought man What a breath of first year? This is and it's not blurring and it's not so loud that my your drums are bursting. That's great Hey Because like you know I mean why repeat this guy got me all wound up okay, and I really apologize for the fact I got wound up And he's enjoying it. He's loving it with Elvis with the Elvis bullcraft 600,000 people a year are going to Grateland and Elvis is still alive That was a wax dummy in the casket. It may not have been a wax dummy. It certainly was a dummy in the casket Huh? I've read books about Elvis said about the fact that he had he had a keep performing because he'd ever had any money You're aware of that. How can you make that many millions of dollars never have any money drugs? No, no, he didn't pay for the drugs. He had a he had a willing co-conspirator I'm not saying of course that there are doctors who are class. I would never say that would I? Who just you know prescribed drugs? Oh, it's big enough for descriptions by the way I went to the post office the other day did my prescription ever show off from Dr. Mark whom he held it personally Oh, so thank God I had them call in and I got all my drugs There you go. You people at the post office once again Oh, it's the holidays yet it's always done excuse. You know, it's the holidays the pony got sick at the dog and diarrhea Always some excuse in story Why you get some of the mail some of it takes two weeks. I'm gonna take some months some of it don't bother showing up at all. We get the message. Okay Who did they used to talk about that used to hang out at the house? It was the milkman and the mailman? You know, with daddy was off to work the milkman and now there is no more milkman Okay, because you go to the market to buy milk. There is no more milkman Virginia. I had to break the news So it leaves only the mailman. So now that there's no more milkman You know mommy's got to be service by somebody so the post man's got to well you know spend a lot more time on his route route She spent in time on his route. That's the deal Okay, I got all worked up a lot of nothing. Here's the four miles on mobile. Hello Hey, you're how you doing great. Happy howly and the same user great. You mentioned think of In the correct right long gone. I know it's long gone Grab river and what was it? Oh, grab remember yeah, and telegraph right all these Transplaced down here don't call and reminisce when you mentioned things like this is across the street was a great Speak place child of free. I never heard of that. Yeah, I was right across the street and then there was a lord about Detroit all the great restaurants That used to love the Detroit they're all gone each and everyone on skippers table out there and a plumber throat in LaVonia We used to go there before the track all the time at long gone Yep, yep, and then there was a drop house London drop house the book club and there was a tinky down town a cash and Bagley great Polynesian restaurant. That was all man. I must have had dozens and dozens of great meals in that place Tinky But just curious, you know everybody gets off on these politics and you know you throw an article in the paper about People are tied to this or tied to that next thing when junior dies are was a place called the Anthony South some plummet throat They'll be tied to that of I was I had tickets to that night and that one up in flames And he was probably gonna be tied to that but No, there was the book catalog and all these and a lot of good restaurants Oh, yeah, you're all gone. Oh, man. Yeah, I'll talk to you a city. It's all gone. It just vanished What ever was there now is just a semblance of Detroit's all gone? We have a good day and back to your time good talk to you. There's a guy from see now it's interesting But people from the Midwest Detroit in Chicago they mostly settled on the West Coast of Florida the people from the East Coast I mean, you know, it sounds simplistic I mean, that's not really the reason I have no idea why that is it's not like they came down a different highway when they came down here But there are a lot more people from Detroit in Chicago when a West Coast like in Fort Myers in Sarasota and Tampa. Oh, God and those places And on East Coast we got in New York in Cuba basically and one end Jerusalem 1026 is 560 WQA And it's 4 Roger's God. He is the greatest Christmas entertainer The North Pole has ever known and now who this special introductory offer? Team Dell record brings you the magic of Elfus Don't make sure that's my clothes Tell me I got a little bit of those but there's one thing that cannot do The blue around the market tells you Oh Can you say fills you with a true spirit of Christmas It's a big fan to a band I'm who I'm Step in out of a shower night. I know she can serve her Oh yeah, I saw I'm a fan of a band Make this Christmas one that you'll never forget as Elfus sings about his special relationship with Santa He's a big bad guy and you're in one suit like time is because he thinks you're near the door Don't be left out of the cold. This Christmas joined the Legion to love Oh Okay, that's our question today this guy got us into a big thing who's the most influential entertainer who's the most influential person of the 20th century Elvis Presley the Beatles Joey Reynolds Okay, well you get some other names in there But before we do that let me just say this our center one total as of right now this moment including the money we got here That Carol doesn't know about yet 77731 and like I said yesterday with whatever's going on at borders over the weekend And so far this week we got to be up there over the 80 thousand dollar total. I'm pretty sure about that And we were gonna make 100 thousand by the end of this month come hell or high water Now let me just tell you this we did actually get a couple hundred dollars worth of checks and I thank the lady profusely who sent a hundred dollar check yesterday And it's my mistake. I you know because of this address because it's so on wheeled me I thought it's tough getting mail here We've had for weeks and weeks now sitting out in the hallway right out here by our little studio. We've had all these big plastic mail baskets How many do you think it there are I have never in my life on any station ever worked that or even known about I have never seen the volume of mail there are literally Thousands and thousands and thousands of envelopes sitting out there. I thought it was a power ninety six promotion I thought it was some didly thing that they were doing over there So just out of curiosity this morning I stopped out there and I looked at the envelopes It's something I never even heard of before it's the WQAM tailgate sweepstakes Maybe Joe Costello wrote something about it because we sure don't obviously it's tied it with a dolphin games And it must be promoting it all day during the dolphin games because we don't say anything about it on this show I've never heard it on the other shows and must be strictly a dolphin game thing Does Joe Costello know anything about this? No, oh, how do you like that? But if you were to look and of course you were over here, but ordinarily. Did you see that bunch of mail out there when you were here? Again, no oh, well like I said just not really observing that knows keeps getting in the way Well, no he doesn't have good peripheral version of the side that Roman knows keeps getting but anyway No seriously, I'm telling you You know, I haven't paid any attention to the nice see them because I come in we'll have to walk through there to come in here every day And to race right out into a clock, but we have Thousands and thousands and thousands Seriously, if you people saw this you would be amazed And we don't even know what the hell this problem is and I look at that thing this morning I said to my and I looked and they're all addressed to our street address 2025 Northwest Second Avenue Miami, 3-3-1-6-9 because there is no easy address to write to this place. I mean, that's this is it And I look at that thing and I'm said to myself at this radio station can generate that amount of mail That volume of mail I realize you know we can't compete with the dolphin broadcast because it's a sports thing baby, you know Can't compete with that There are 50 trillion people isn't that even though like two thirds of my listening on pound 96 because the signal sounds better on FM and another to tell I'll tell you and I'm listening on What is it CMQ in esponjoule? Let's pick it in glaze? Okay, but here's the deal. They're given away a pickup truck and you have to send in a letter. Yeah, yeah Register to win a letter or just your name address Your name and address I guess postcard and they're gonna do drawing oh, it's they're not postcards These are envelopes every one of these is an envelope. Well, I've got Chris Reed here and that's what he told me They look he doesn't seem to know either. No, he doesn't know. Well, he's only in the promotion department. How long will he know? But at any rate Just seriously if you would be so amazed and impressed. I don't care what kind of promotions any of you have ever worked in You have never seen a volume of mail this large. It's it's staggering staggering. There must be 30 or 40 of those big plastic mail cartons and They're all full. They're all overflowing. They're piled like 34 feet off the floor Thousands and thousands and thousands of envelopes because people might win something. It's like yesterday when I jumped about off in the jet stick It's And we started out with our usual Swoon here yesterday and all of a sudden and even not even though we had none to give and it was very obvious Unless you were total bozo after a little while that we had no tickets and we weren't given any way And I don't play that baby crap anymore in this show But all of a sudden we went from death family days to everybody was on the phone. Maybe just in case Just in case there might be something that we're given away And I've turned it around here. I'm looking to try to get money out of these people are they like others the mail porn in? Well, we'll see today today. We should get a good indication In fact, I was surprised a guy in the yesterday because it was like only a day after I had mentioned it on the air If we could get like a a few thousand people out there Coralisting in me right now to make out a check a dollar five dollars ten dollars to center one and Put it in the mail to a neo-wajers wk m Miami and the addresses 20295 That's 20295 north west second avenue Miami 33169 I mean the fact that within the dress like that the fact that this many people Send in for that promotion which most of us don't even know about the goddamn wqm tell the it's we've stayed It just blows my mind. It's just staggering staggering was there ever a volume of mail like that for anything on gTR I OD the coast no any station at INZ no anywhere Never in the history of radio maybe if there may be a New York or LA where they got millions and millions of people Have I seen a volume of mail like that? So wouldn't it be something is since of course, you know, we have no prize for it. There's no drawing There's no we're not giving anything away. We're actually asking the audience to set us something like a couple of bucks But I mean if we can get that much mail for some silicon, it's a pickup truck I mean, you know, it's nice to get a free pickup truck, but I would like when I make the effort to and I'll ask why would you got all that money? Mr. nose Corvetson at the you know NSX you don't need no pickup truck. Why not? I'd like to own one vehicle that I don't give a crap a lot. I'm just going out there and start battering the crap out of people You don't understand? What would be wrong with having like even a better to pick up truck? That you don't care about you know, I just go out there. Oh, sorry. Some asshole. You know, I give it all in by the way speaking of assholes with cell phones again this morning coming to work Make my turn on to Broward Boulevard As I'm leaving my way toward the Five ninety five in the turn plug and here's the guy on a pickup truck right in front of me and as he turns the corner Pick a lanes. You're okay. If you want the right hand lane. I'll take the left hand like because you're not going anywhere He weaves kind of in the middle of these really like undesac and why I look up and I see here He's got the phone stuck to was here. How do you like that? Another asshole with a cell phone stuck to was here. I mean if you can drive great make your calls great call us But if you can't drive under perfect circumstances without a goddamn phone conversation going on put that thing down For emergencies only that's what should be labeled in most vehicles in this town for emergencies only for desperate emergencies only And especially pulled off an espacitary position at the side of the road Not why you're attempting of taking you know, you know, faking a cell with a pretensive driving just unbelievable Fuck an epidemic now 21 before 11 at 560 W2A and your sensational station for the 90s where we got more goddamn mail and every other station town put together 50 big envelopes in the other world. Let's start opening some up Yeah, we're happy that I'm gonna go out there doing the break. I'm gonna pick something envelopes and Open them up in them. We'll throw them in a waste basket. Oh no, it's all he's already already Oh, geez, you think that might piss some people off? I'm not gonna do it. Well Oh, what you like a room of As here is the team I don't have a million. I'm much for a while But I want y'all to know what up here in rocker roll heaven all those think it over here this Christmas And I could give y'all a special Christmas message I'll bet it's a surprise Like How about a little please let's hide going by like you Like I will soon Christmas is a time of food Time of joy And I should have a love of take slides by teacher you got there Like a little more Oh yeah, Christmas Christmas to me means If having means friends the friends means getting together and getting together means Ethan I'll pass through that telling the thing which I believe Well, it's like a rainbow Not just when we're afraid of you right now You know, I may be a big star maybe two day But I know about it so big you can't reach out. I help in the hand Helping Hand or oh yeah Hand man help us over the United States over there. It's a police Like I Know how we're fun Anybody's a big he can't stroke the help of friend and do you know what the holiday season A squeak of season Won't pass me that felt sugar and give it to chance Yeah, just just don't screw the color that's right So this Christmas Why don't y'all take it to up from old Hey, oh, it's not our leave those stick to it like what they are you know what I mean? Yeah, I appreciate it I want you to remember For all part of y'all's big family And you know God made man into his own image Look in the mirror. I have to say God must be a big big city of again You know what I mean? I think it is But I especially want y'all remember this one last thing y'all that's home is Christmas It's gonna get that popcorn up on the free Save a big big bowl for the 10 That's the butter the little money What you do Okay, 1045 How do we eat that 1045 at 560 WQM? Our poll question today. Which where would you rather spend your free time if you had a few over discretionary dollars and could go where if you want Sogress mills mall or Grace land Huh Kind of a tough one. It's a bunch of crap, but it's a tough choice Passed their organizers rally to protest gay rights law supporters vada defend ordinance gay rights opponents plan to hold a rally a family Indication Saturday at the Orange Bull in the first step in what may become a campaign to rule back protections for gay men and let's be in adopt the last week by the mommy dead set of a settlement so on That's right We're holding a rally to protest the rights for them fact it's okay. Just the same old hard crap the same old bs the same old Bigoted in the end of those weren't about who else is a dittalin with who else There you go Just can't let it go. Well, by the way, speaking of cant let it go. We got a major radio. Well, it's a minor radio story that the newspapers are making will major radio story So send it anyway. It's got sports is lifting by the way. Who used to be the sales manager at WTMI There were a couple letters to the editor that they scum sent will publish a couple of days ago Some listeners of WTMI who are very disc rock that they're messing with their pure classical music format and they're playing easy listening of whatever There's now So there's a long emotional letter today from what do you tend your owner of WTMI and Miami for 30 years WTMI has been a one-hole a beacon of classical music on the commercial FM bands is what he We've been bombarded with letters and listed calls to our advertisers all of which are sadly released the chances that we can continue to present classical music And order decent return for our investors often letters are misinformed and damaging to WTMI Fact WTMI is classical music all right Oh, WTMI is expanded abroad cast hours of classical music fact WTMI is invested several hundred thousand dollars been improved broadcast sound Fact WTMI is number of the few commercial classical stations in the US of a fact we cannot continue with classical music most of our listeners where it is board WTMI The two letters to the editor published in the Sun Sentinel December 8th where we believe well intention they came at a terrible time as we have struggled to chart our course The letter writers didn't know that we worked Sunday night for made until 430 in a morning Monday to create the architecture for more classical music Effective on Monday the architecture what what what is happening? Do they have to build a building like with Mozart statue on front there something Now we appeal to those same listeners and others in the media like the Sun Sentinel to let their voices be heard in the resounding chorus of Go for it I know that if I listen to classical music around the clock I would be somebody would say go for it Row Try 93 one classical music FM Monday to Sunday six a.m. to midnight are we perfect? No, do we make mistakes yes? We're through all the stations if the advertisement listener can in the fails at this hour to rally around WTMI Sign Woody Tanger owner of WTMI your classical music station in Miami. Let's rally around the out of WTMI. Okay. No come on What's wrong with you, bastard? Don't you like Mozart? No Beethoven? No rock no drums no What I leave out list no where's the list Franz list Okay, I just I just thought I would be that because I know Scott's words used to work there and hates them like poison And that would be a music live Here's okay. Hello Hello, yes sir. Yeah. I've also been the greatest one. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'll tell you near you made a point that um Why did you go there? Oh? Oh? Because I'm an Elvis fan Yeah, and you made a What what what would be the purpose in other words? I'm a fan of I mean, you know, I like the Beatles too, but I'm not gonna go visit John Lennon's grave Hey, I just really love the guy and I'll tell you one loved him. Yes, that's a performer Yeah, had charm and charisma that a lot of the so-called Big-end retainers today couldn't even touch with a ten-foot pole. That's just my opinion. Yeah, and that's where it's you And I'll say it well, what are you what did you do there in Graseland? I mean, what was the big-synast? Well, when you get there first of all they have a jet Mark there they had a clip off the wings to get it down you know, great flint You know the road they have the jet there they have this off they have up And they have this tour that that you go through you can even see a little bit of that not how long you're real you're there Oh three is three years ago and over the 18 years after he died And I'm going again You're going again. Sure It was a lot of fun like you the guy said I guess what what what did you do there? I mean you're telling you what was there But what did you do do you like put your hand on the bus and Huh you should when you go into his home Even you put your hand on the bus and start singing J. House rock and you want what did you do? Even if you're not a fan the guy who runs it. Well, I'm a fan I like his music at all as records is okay It's not not knocking Elvis, but but the guy just placed him in such a category and with his hero worship thing and now you're like Secondary the emotion I thought it was only all the middle age trailer parts trash That's why I went there now again That helps okay and the women who work in the grace one two each whenever you when you go to each section of the house That's a different woman who tells you about Elvis in this room in that room Yeah, I want to talk about what you get to lay down with one of them and Elvis is bed Unfortunately not oh Why not when you go into his you go into a room that has all the Gold records and everything else is yeah unbelievable thing it's such a it's like nothing you've ever seen before It's incredible it really is it's magnificent the awards you want in different things. It's really something It's an experience to behold even if you're not an Elvis fan And I know you are it really is a lot of fun Now how long is it take to get there? What were you ago to go to grace man? Where do you fly to? Memphis yeah how far is it from Memphis oh? Oh 10 minutes now that another have the bed that Elvis and his mother slept in for the 19 or 20 years older They have that there too now there are certain parts of the home you can't go into Gladys wasn't that her name gladness? Yes Certain parts of the home the upstairs you can't go into right? Oh why not Well those are like some like something like something from Baghdad maybe you would inspect your feet to get in there Oh I want to tell you that I'm a big fan and I enjoy it. It's a lot of fun Okay, pal. Thank you. God bless you and get this him help please get some help We have an open line of damn. I mean you know, we'll probably find out there are a lot of people in the study into a big Grace land and that's just shakes any faith I had in human race and we just I can't relate to it I can't really I mean Is a kid I love mel Allen was the broadcaster for the Yankees fan Yankees. It was a big Yankee fan mel Allen died couple of years ago and I remember talking on the air about mel Allen died and getting almost no response Which was staggering to me because to me mel Allen was more important than Elvis Presley I know that sounds ridiculous, but he was my broadcaster idol I was wanted to be a sports announcer. I love mel Allen I love Bill Haywit who's the For the twenty-some years thirty some years the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs Which have been a fan for forty years living die. It's it's not even just a sports thing with me It's like a way of life to a lot of maple leaves. Okay. It's it's in my blood It's in grain. It's like a passion and I remember the day a rumor called me a couple of years ago got some bad news for a bill He would die today and it was it was and you know they did a very half-ass tribute him that night on hockey night in Canada very week But I mean am I gonna go see Bill he was grave? No, am I gonna go to a mel Allen's grave? Whatever his name was mel is real. Oh, I gotta go to his grave. I'm gonna go to university Alabama where I went to school and see where his which dormitory he was in I don't get it I don't understand it Dr. All the musicians that I love like let's Chicago when Terry cast put a gun to was had plan Russian Relight and wasn't a Terry cast who was brains out pretty sure Louis brains up. I mean did I love Chicago Their music is their real musicians. They're great. They're sensational, okay? But am I gonna go like visit his grave? Oh, you know Should they make a museum like if it's an illness? It's an illness the elvist thing is that is an American illness Hero worship is an American illness basically what it is is a lot of people saying my life has no god damn meaning I'm insignificant this person was so goddamn important and I'm just obsessed It's like an all these cycle movies you see all the cycle paths, you know, and they all have usually it's a female Other because then that's a section status to the people in Hollywood it's all these neurotic psychotic women that have all these pictures of whoever they're target You know the stalkers whoever that is up on their the wall in their bedroom I realize little kids have pictures of whoever the back street boys up on a wall or in Ricky a Gracious or something silly like that Like I do I mean like you know some people though I don't have no pictures of the back street boys or in Ricky in my house Although I did have what's his name Jerry I have Jerry Rivera, but that's only because well as somebody gave you something like that when you put it up It's very big and nice and the picture too and you know something if Jerry Rivera walked in here by now I wouldn't know who that you know I mean I remember that video from back in the days when we had that Speak video TV those were good days when I discovered Luis Miguel Yeah, like like Luis Miguel though I have like a statue of the I love Luis Miguel his music is great He looks great he's a great the spick. I mean he never stole a freight train. I love him But I mean if they had a Luis Miguel museum, I mean I got to go there. No, no I didn't even go backstage to meet him that time at that concert which got what's your name? All been out of shape. What was your name? From the record from wheel Latino what was your name? Brenda It could have been Brenda she hates me like boys now because I didn't go in there. He was I had a An exclusive audience With Luis Miguel backstage after a great concert at the Miami right now. It was at the night center Here's a go And I'd check in that part of it being the language thing because he doesn't maybe speak for a good English And I thought what is it gonna be really awkward now? I mean what am I gonna say to him? What am I gonna say to Luis maybe weren't gonna speak? I've had the several Situation like that in my life. I'm a certain speak speak speak Huh I don't think that was gonna happen. Oh, he would have probably been in the bathroom in the town But if anyway No, no seriously that's that I understand like if you love Pamela Lee's breast or something like that Whether they're real or not which of course they're not in she either is proud of it I understand that If you got the hotst for somebody I understand that But I don't understand the idolization and worship of entertainers or apple athletes or I don't get it Because most of them are very very shallow as come bags anyway including this whole furniture business Over to gave a lot of money to charity see there we go with that whin thing again And that's surprising that people had made millions and billions of dollars give a lot of money to charity pretty surprising huh Four minutes before another at five sixty w2m The Neil Roger show now on five sixty w2af Miami Fort Lauderdale Your up ich Over All that is gonna happening for that. Then it's managed by all these Elvis people out there who just can't get enough of the king, right? Well, I don't think I'm out with an Elvis, especially teacher with his face on top of it, with a big pepperoni up his nose. Well, that would be. That's it. Good evening. You'll be able to all the way up. Come on me and while I'm alive, while I'm alive, all the way up. Only who else is, only who are the ones who live in time. Only who are the two. We'll be the one with the power. Well, what pet memories that brings back today's we're on issue 1 in Tampa, Wah. It's 11.025, 60 WQM. I'm not trying to say that you shouldn't admire people or admire their work or enjoy their music or whatever it is that they do. That's great. But worshiping people and going to see some kind of a monument. I'm a, this guy, would he go to see grants to them? No, I'd go to see the Washington monument or the, oh, they are Washington and the Royal of the Jefferson monument. No, first not. Neither would I as a matter of fact. Unless I happen to be in Washington, God forbid, who don't want to go there. We want to go there. No way. Too many swatches. But I mean, when you come right down to what these people had become obsessed. Like I said, it's a free country. If that's how you want to spend your discretionary dollars in time. I mean, you're entitled to do it. But I'm also entitled to have my opinion, which is that you need serious help. We have two men so far, not even women, not even trailer trash rods. But two men who've been to Grace Land. We've got another one. Hello. Virginia Key, yes sir. I would not have another guy who's been to Grace Land. I went to a Memphis State floor state game a year ago. And we stopped off at Grace Land. Oh my God. The best way I can describe it's like a flea market. You've been to a flea market. And when you said there's trailer park trash and red next. Yeah. I mean, I will never go again. I mean, it was, it's okay. But I saw you never to million years when I go back to Grace Land. Well, thank God for you. I said you were going to give me a, I thought this is how the third straight guy is. Oh, I mean, I used that term loosely to give me a son. That's about how great it was. And she was only there because of what you were in the neighborhood. Right. And this was I like Elvis. I mean, I'm like you. I like Elvis. I didn't admire him. But this guy says there's a lot of pretty women there. Yeah. I mean, mostly there's there's old red next that women. Well, the guy I think was visually impaired. Well, not telling you what, there are pretty girls here. But guess what? He's not getting laid by him. Only Elvis could get laid by him. Yeah. I mean, that's it. They're just fanaticals. Yeah. And all the books that I read about Elvis kind of hit around that he was a very important. And what I'm saying like, I'm all the drugs. I read the same thing. Yeah. Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that it. I thank God to reinforce my faith in a small portion of the human race. You couldn't take me to go back to Korea. All right. Thanks a lot. I have a request. Yes, sir. You played a song yesterday a bit about. Uh, uh, uh, uh, Gingrich's sister. Right. Could you play that again? Yes, I will. Thank you. Over and over again. Thank you. Okay. Well, I'll be back with a little bit of a little bit back a little bit. But we will be there on Saturday, December 19th. To raise lots and lots and lots and lots and money and pedal lots of best of stuff. Okay. For center one. We'll get to that 100 grand. I know you don't believe me. You don't think I'm going to say, and I will be at the hockey game tonight. We'll be there around 6 30 or their boss. And if you want to give me a check for 10 bucks or 100 or 500 for center one, I'd be very appreciative. I've been able to do that. And it's great. Because we need you help. I need to pick a and by the way, the thing with the pick up truck, I, because Altman stuck his head in the door here to give me a song and it ends. Uh, they what they did was they took this pick up truck brand new forward pick up truck. And they like strips of all the paint and they hit all the dolphin players sign it. And then they like coded it glazed at whatever it had to do over it. And so I'll like a collector's item for it. And the people that are signing up are doing it all the software to 40 years and at publics. And they get the entry forms which tell them they fill out their name and dress. And it tells them more to send the envelopes. So that's why we have such a tremendous response. And that's why the mailing address isn't an impediment to them because it's right there in front of their posts on the thing. But still an incredibly impressive amount of mail. The likes of which I have never dreamed of in my life. At a little horse and buggy station like this one. Here's Miami. Hello. Any, I don't. Okay, sir. Sound good. Uh, I know I'm really getting through a school. I've been crammed and really, you know, no, my schoolwork. I was really listening to the sports show as a second half sports center. But everything you touched on in the 35 minutes. I was waiting to talk to you just really goes on when I want to talk to you about the answer. Stumb bags, charity and uh, I know what else. Uh, as far as the NBA thing I heard last night, I was watching a nightly news. And I saw Peter Jennings in the end. He closed with uh, to have an again for showtime and all. And they have the nerve to come out and, you know, really, they say they're going to do money to, I don't know, as UNICEF was the fun to give them to, but, you know, money's going to the players. Mm-hmm. But if you're young or players, it all makes 350,000 dollars a year. Yeah, geez. And it's just, it's just like, I mean, I looked in the counter like it's Christmas time. And they have the nerve to slap the average people in the face and ask for money. You know, for these people, I mean, we're going to 30,000 dollars a year anyways. Yeah, you could probably scrape by and ask for a couple of years anyway. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I mean, it's pretty much, I mean, I'm trying to buy a three-and-a-three and a $50,000 a year. Right. And I mean, I was just, I was shocked because I heard rumors about it, but I thought it was just people playing around. I'm going to get involved with this Patrick Ewing, you know, survival fund. You better get involved in these important things like that because he's only making 18 million. And he's got to put bread on the table and support his family. Well, listen, the statistics just did not that, you know, hey, you know, we've made $77,000 per cent or one. You know, it's just something an excellent cause, like most of them are. And then I hear that, you know, I heard this on TV last night and I was in rage. Yeah, I was in rage right out. Haven't had any checks for a cent or one from my name. The heat players, by the way, just thought I mentioned that. No head check for Mickey Erson, no check for Matt Wiley, no check from Jimmy John. To any of the dolphin players. I just mentioned that in passing, you know. Well, I'm a cause for a cent. I'll tell you what. I think that'll cover NBA games this year and off San Jim. I'll hand the old budget. All right. I'll give you a clue. I just want to get. Yes, sir. 20295. Okay. 20295. Northwest second Avenue. Yes. Miami 33169. Just make the check out the center one. Whatever it is, if it's five bucks or whatever you can afford, it's fair. We appreciate it. It's a good cause. Have a great day. Thanks a lot. There you go. See how about that. In fact, all you people that would be spending your money on these. It would be spending your money on these. It would be a little bit of a seven foot freaks of nature. Even send that money to us to our charity help us for center one. All we don't want to do that. Well, why not? Well, yeah, those guys need your money. That's right. I'm going to see a meal at home tonight. I'm going to check out food and refrigerator. How about eating a meal at home and how is sitting around with a family? And then coming with your ringer for the game and, you know, coffin up to 20 bucks, writing the check for center one instead of spending 20 and at both, had to bid you their geek. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five six, six, and pound five, six, and on the AT&T wireless line, it's 11.08 at QAM. Hi, this is Mario Vach. Which is you a happy Hanukkah. Oh, there's that scratchy part again. It's very fun. It's scratching. No, it's so sad, sir, is it? No, it's so sad, sir, is it? Dinger sister doesn't kiss too many guys and consume a little like your kind of phone. Kind of the gangrets, this is proud she's a gaitless view. Oh, black. Every time he sees his sister, well, it's not a good news for booze. Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she likes the hobby and he don't much like her views. New to the stand, sir, is it? New to the sister, is it? Ninger sister doesn't chase her legs or thighs, but she's a girl who make up all her eyes or get your soul. English is the sister she's proud she's a gaitless view. Well, she ain't like her big brother. Must be true of the house. Because English with little sister has never had a misarranged, he never met a child or mouse. No, it's little sister, is it? No, it's little sister, is it? English is the sister doesn't chase too many guys, consume a little like her kind of phone. And I still like the answer. And the yogurt says she's proud she's a gaitless view. Ah, ah, ah. But you're dying with my daughter, but you're dated one. Oh, wait a minute, she married a mug of chest and fella. And actually, what if I could bite her, maybe, yeah, if it was me, it would be so bad. And she isn't Scientology, too. I just mentioned that in passing, Father Perinoia. It's 15 and 5, 60 WQM. We do an Elvis talk today, how do you like that? Elvis talk in Christmas time? Oh, my God, it's just amazing. The people, and now, now, another one of the people that they're bringing back from the past has been dead right on how many years were supposed to really, it's a big tennis Bobby Darin. Oh, yeah, you better get with it, Mr. Bobby Darin. Tony Bennett who still alive, but might as well be dead. All the kids on MTV, there's anybody believed that the kids are going to Tony Bennett? No, of course not. If you consider a kid, somebody who just moved into cemetery village, who just turned 80, yes, those kids are going to Tony Bennett. Other than that, and now, A and E, they're doing Bobby Darin. He was misunderstood, and he found out his mother wasn't his real mother, and your mama, and your mother wrote whatever to tell us all about. And when he was young, he had some either romantic fever, or some kind of a genetic heart thing, and he knew he was going to die young, which is a good excuse for him with a booze-hound, and he dried whatever to tell us. I mean, Bobby Darin, how many hits can you name by Bobby Darin? Okay, Macden ice, dream lover, and I could get to book out, but I don't want that would be cheating, and there's no point. Okay, because the list is, I'm talking about big hits, memorable songs that will live, assuming that musician singers are people that we should admire forever, who are like, you know, bigger than life itself. How many hits can you name by Bobby Darin? I like, and I liked the dream, the Macden ice I could live with, I like hack the life better. But seriously, dream lover was a great song. We were on the flight and borderline bubblegum. We were like, honey, frantic. Well, there's another one, Connie, frantic. She had all those mental problems, and she's, you know, and she's, you know, never stole a fray trance, and she's gone through the ringer, and Connie Francis. We went through that period of time, and we were supposed to be very excited about Connie Francis. The most, the young people that they ever heard of Connie Francis? No, they have any idea that they don't know Connie Francis from Ron Francis, right? Uh-huh. And George has no idea who Ron Francis is from Emil Francis, does he know who he is? No, of course not. Now you're getting that hockey crap out of the guy. They don't know Ron Francis from Francis, so here, does anybody know who that is? No, no. You see all these important people that I know that you don't. That's the one benefit of being old, even though that deathbed is not far away. But that's the one benefit of getting orders that you know all of this meaningless crap, all of these names, names, people that you never heard of, Mr. Wally Maccomer, you don't know who that is either. There you go. Here's a tamarack, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First time caller was right here, listener. You know, white male. All right. That's up to the little pissed off and fired up the bell. Yes? I don't know if you've heard about the cross brings form. It's a local newspaper. The cross brings form? Yeah, one of those city newspapers, like we've gotten plantation. Oh, yeah, one of those little throwways, yeah. For a thing, yeah. One of those things that leaders you drive won't. Yeah, and gets nasty under driveway. Right. We've got an interesting thing that happens at a gentleman I know who's a fire inspector for the city. There's a, he takes his girlfriend's kids to the bus stop in the morning before he goes to work. He should think it on the bus, okay. Make sure everything's okay. Some lady who's taking disability pay because she's mentally unstable and unable to work. Wrote a letter to the forum, asking the city, why a fire inspector is around five 12 year old girls. Now the city instead of asking him once him fired. Because he's taking the girls to the bus stop? Yeah. Now, I'm pissed off to fire up because of somebody I know. And thank God there's no gangs or any other problems in cool springs. I think these are shootings or stuff like that. This is a hateful time. Cool springs. Fire department employee. Right. Who's you with a suit? It would be appreciated that he's standing there. Right. But apparently this lady has demanded his resignation from the department. Yeah. He's been there 18 years. They've based on what, in other words, he's borderline mental and maybe over the borderline with Madonna and the belongs in institutions somewhere. A lady is. Yeah. She's accepting disability pay from the United States. Right. Living in a way not to be more to what they're that. And why would they take the word of somewhat one wacko and without asking anybody any questions? Well, what the story behind it apparently has come down to is that human resources has had. Human resources had a problem in the city of Pearl Springs a couple years back. Yeah. With an employee in that situation. So let's make him a scapegoat. Is that what you're saying? It seems that way. And they're not going to anything about it. They actually matter facts suspended him when it came out the paper. Now that we're not in for what we're doing. What? For being at a bus stop. Yeah. Does that make him a pedophile? I must have a lot of pedophiles in my neighborhood because I got a school bus stop right on the corner by my house. And 730 every morning when the little kids go to school their parents are there and everybody else to make sure they get on the bus. And that's it. And that's it. Finally, I think that's a good idea. I see it every morning. And I was just personally pissed off fired up by the way. And they might $200 donation to center one. Thank you. Getting five steps here. See these. Great. Great. I'm a great person with president. See it's a hockey game tonight. All right. Just don't feel it. Just don't feel it. I think some people might have some interesting opinions on that. Okay. Those are what we got. Good luck, pal. Great. And show you. Thanks a lot. How do you like that? Well, like I said, thank God they have no other important problems up there in coral springs. That's a real good. To open lines in date County, 560560 and Pond 560 on the ATT wireless line. See they invented coral springs so that dark, complicated people who live like in bad and then like in getos. So that they get appreciate the fact that there are places where there are nothing but little white people. We have all kinds of crime and real serious problems too to make everybody feel that. That's right. Here's a mobile in western. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Hey. How you doing? Great. I moved out of coral spring fall. We're the one going to take it for changing a flat tire my driveway. I don't go much back or much. I think that everything that's got like coral jibbles, coral springs anything that's connected with coral in this town. Automatically there's a bunch of blue nose assholes. Why is that? I'm going to call it. I have my white doll in your website last night and we purchased one everything on there. All right. The Rick and Sudge and the Phil stuff and all those just don't want to go. Yeah. What are you doing? Beautiful. How you doing? I'm going to let you know that and have a good day. Thanks so much. Thanks a lot. Okay. How do you like that? You can flip right onto your runnyorodges.com. I'm here on that on your internet hoppers out there. And your runnyorodges.com. And you can buy not only this year stuff but we got stuff from the past from when Phil was on IOD and the Rick and Sudge. Whatever we got left over there stuff. Because we're going to put the big press on. We're putting on the full court press better than the NBA because then I plan to much these days. All these pony baloney fund raises that they're involved in which you know, a little tiny portion of the proceeds goes to some charity. And the rest of the money. Well, we got to be putting bread on the table. You know, I mean, when somebody is making 350, they would be like, my coming on here and saying, Hey, you know, you know, I really would like to lost a little money out in Vegas. I'd like to cover my losses. I lost 75 bucks in the pump and all park together. Things are getting a little bit tight. Can you folks help me out a little bit? Can you help it all the fat? I got my cat lick. You know, something like that. But I'm not a cat lick. I mean, I mean, talk about putsman golf. You mean you be sitting out there like, you know, smashing your fist into the guy damn radio and rightfully so. Although, you know, when you come right down to it. You know, and these, these, who owns these more on these illiterate invasives who provide minimal entertainment. But again, I see the NBA is another one of those things where they try to convince you that you're having a good time, like they like to slam dunk contest. See, whenever they have a sport and they have to do it's like the NHL all star game is a total joke in a wasted time. So they have to do the skills competition to spice it up to try to make you think that the all star game is really entertaining. I mean, there's a lot of stars there, but there's no hitting in there's no real game. And it's like 20 to 15 is the score. Because, you know, there's nothing really going on related to what hockey is all about. So they have to spice it up with some alternative kind of crap to make it into a stage event. So you think, wow, this is really great. Like going to Graceland, for example. I'm just, I'm almost speechless to be. If, like I said, if I would have had a couple of Yahoo, Stalin women who sounded like they lived in the trailer park right down to 441. I'd say, hey, you know, great. That goes with a territory that probably be on Jerry Spring or next week, you know. But a couple of guys back to back who have been to Graceland. I thought I was supposed to be the Faggot. What kind of a guy was so into Elvis that he goes to Graceland? And then tries to cover it up by talking about all the attractive women are we buying that? Yeah, well, good to know you couldn't, Mr. Right. Here's Bointen B. Hello. Yeah, sir. Who the old who loved others? Yeah. And I've integrated. Oh, no. No. Not a hoarder who's been to Graceland. Oh, my God. With my wife. Yeah. And so you told me she dragged you there. You didn't really go there, Faggot. Didn't you? Uh, it was both. Oh, my God. Oh. And she got upset because I was, you know, just looking at his wife. They're all pretty women there. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't tell you. Are they really? By the way, that other song by Bobby Darren. Yeah. This was worse. Well, it's worse. It was a big hit, but it was a bubblegum record. I mean, it was fun. It was a fun record. But you would hardly say that splished flash makes Bobby Darren a great musician. That we should admire and refer in both of the statue, right? We're going to go to Graceland again. You are. When they have the 25th anniversary. No, no, you're not. Please tell me your joke. It's been a couple years. I'm, I beg you. Please tell me your kidding me. Please. Oh, how about when will you go to see his thighs? You're going to go to see his thin. Oh, Elvis was the king. Yeah. I got to go. Thank you. Okay. We always the queen or something like that. Oh, my God. Can you believe that? Oh, who will be yours for Elvis? Let's start a new organization. Who will be yours for Elvis? What do you say? All right. Open line at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See, it goes to show. We think we know something. We know nothing. We know absolutely positively. Nothing. If we would just listen to more of what these people have to tell us, we'd be very depressed. But nevertheless, we'd understand what's really going on up there. Just like I've tried to explain to you about the certain of your sexual myths that you harbor. That you just have to know it. Please, please don't start again. I've seen much more of the real world than you ever have. Okay. Hopefully someday you'll see what the real world is all about, which is definitely not here. It's also not Montana, Mr. Okay. There may be a lot of action. A lot of people get in the lead. But the real world is not Montana or the pizza loft. Okay. I will record fantasy. Okay. Whatever you say. This man is such a, but you know it's a Cuban thing again. You know, it's got to be, that'd be first thing. It's 1126 and 560 WQM. Where do you find Joe Rose just to far as the gold sea? The first team, right where you got it. For 3.0560, you A-L. Basketball Reorder. This is not the great Emerald. Just go through it. This is Promo. Who hasn't asked? Oh. The life developing. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am birthday bride. If they are new, they will stay. Whoa, man, the ring until the light is out of town. Later on, in the water, we can trade by my daughter. But I'm fine, Shane, at your number ring. Walk in my little place and enjoy. Leave the family. And then, give it a hand out. Pick it up. Where is our clothes? Still panting over. Walk in my little place and I'm away. Walk in my little place and I'm away. Walk in my little place and enjoy. You saw that? What a pretty cool time 50WCM. We got some major radio news here. You heard it first right here on 560WCM. The stupid talk network, you made a say that that John Fordsho was a bomb? Wow. He even outdid Mr. Ego's numbers. He was like down there in the fractions in the morning with a totally instant point of the show. Even with that brother they had on there. And was that a different one that they have like a first one that they can't because the first they switched off the first one and kept talking to much and he didn't like and she actually had something to say. So he's going to be history. Now is that he's February 22nd. I'll give this audience 50,000 guesses who's going to be doing mornings on stupid talk network. I'll give you a 50,000 guesses who's going to be getting up real early in the morning and doing mornings again. Let me just feel like duty. Okay. And there we all happy about it. I'll tell you that. Damn it. Yeah. They are. Aren't you guys happy? Go there. All right. Seriously. You know, I can't help it if you don't like it. Well, okay. I didn't say it in the locker. I just said you guys are going to be doing mornings again. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Clean. Yeah. Okay. They're excited about it. Rick and Spud in the morning. I thought those guys hated the morning show. They hated being on the morning. And of course, now the story will be all we're going to have all kinds of other stuff. Now, what is true that I would de-gave them nothing in the morning to give them no assistance whatsoever. And wait till when you when you people hear who's going to be doing afternoons because obviously they're locked into Dr. Laura and Laura that's there forever. Now that they're with a they bought out J. Corps and they're going to have that crap on forever, I guess. But when you hear who's going to be doing afternoons drive once or consents start doing mornings on the stupid off network you're going to I swear to God, pee your pants. You're going to be squirt squirt all for yourself. You're going to maybe even do a little number or whatever number three, which is one and two combined. When you hear. There's a little quote. Broke Daniels the babbling broke is going to be back on here and you have to know. Who just hung around town long enough to go back again. With that real New Yorkie. You know, it's it's Randy Jr's what it is. Right, right, Jr. Randy Jr. back on here again with that real offensive of base of New York sound. And we can hear about how she had the action when she was waxing the hair off of her. Whatever was tini-tini-tini. Yeah, so here's the fact that that's just amazing. Rick and sons of the mornings Dr. Laura, Lauren and Brooke, babbling broke. And actually we've wanted to want to do a lot of fun at the stupid talk network. 50,000 watts appear on a double rated with all the respect of my friends Rick and sons. Okay, well, so anyway. Seriously, you know, Rick is for some reason that tremendous hostilities do I understand. Yeah, maybe I'm wrong. What even dignified my existence over there? Just because I called a one-time when I was in my seven month limbo. And I said, let's have lunch one day. And then something came up and I said, well, let's do it the later time. Or you really serious about that. And I said, no, what's all I money with you for? No, they're okay. So this, especially, so this is great. Rick, Rick is, you know, in a quiet taste. Anyway, here's a fact that says, a friend of mine and I stopped by a great plan and I'll drive back from Chicago. We smoked a big fact joint before we went in. Come on. And it was the most bizarre experience in my life. Says Mike who sent me this fact. These people were completely obsessed. He says everything was so incredibly tacky. It was beyond belief. Just imagine a millionaire whose trailer trash that's Elvis. The tourists who were actually taking everything seriously reminded me of the religious phonetics. You've seen them at least. Needless to say, we laughed our asses off. Although we resisted the temptation to buying a lovely portrait of Elvis on velvet or an Elvis Axtray. It says, you're right. Most people think their life is unimportant. This trip proved your theory. It's pathetic. We gotta go see the king. Saffin. He's the dead for 21 years. Let's go see the king. It's like going to Egypt and going to see the ferro. You know, he's been dead for a little while. I don't want to see no ferro. I don't want to see no king. I don't want to see no queen. You know, and I thought this crap already. I don't worship. It doesn't the Bible specifically, you know, for Bid that. Doesn't God say he don't want you to worship idols. Until you start doing your rosary beads and then see that virgin Mary at a side of the bank building. You say, okay, that time that I spend my idle time, go to Graceland. I don't want to, I don't want to judge. If you want to go to Graceland, it's a free country. All I can say is any guy that goes to Graceland. He's an asshole. And any warrior that goes to Graceland, he's an asshole. Here's Miami, hello. I know how are you? Okay, sir. Boy, do I got a great plan for you? Oh, no, you don't have a rule here that has been there, but never did. I just tell you, we're kidnapped and you didn't go out on the day. Yes, last minute, I was kidnapped and I decided to, my mother-in-law, I was in here tonight at the time and I won't do it. But to pick her up, I don't know if I did. To Elvis and told her that I was, I wanted to go. So last minute, I dropped him off and told him I didn't want to. So what I did, I drove 15 minutes, 15, 20 minutes drive to the Latinos. Yeah. And I punched my brains out there. How about the, go see Elvis, that's not that I, 21 year old, hosted. But I punched my brains out, I lost a lot of money, but I think I was worth. Yeah, you made the right choice. I made the right choice. Look in the mirror and know that you're a real man. Thank you, Neil. Up a great holiday. And back to you, Steve. How do you like that? There's a real man, okay? He resisted the temptation. That's right. He resisted. We have an open line in day, five, six, seven. Like the guy's daughter when the godfather, she resisted. She kept her honor. Look at her novel. She don't look too good, but she resisted and she kept her honor. Here's a lady mobile and call spring, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. When I see tonight at the game, I'm going to give a contribution to Senator One. Thank you. And also I have subsides with the man at the bus stop. You know, that situation that's going on, because my husband sometimes takes the daughter to the bus stop. Right. But my daughter, Mr. Busby, had a day and I had a very, very bad experience. I was driving home and a man was walking to the newspaper with a robe and a person is here while in it was a rumor. I come home and have my bagel. You know, you know, if he was probably in the next door of his neighbor's house, because it was probably their paper that he was lifting off the driveway. I don't know, but I couldn't eat my bagel when I got home. Oh, my god, but a gross test queen to start today. It was like a baby like a robe and it was like tied loosely in the mirror. Oh, she has to make the bus. We have to send her to the bus stop. Oh, we'll see tonight. We'll give you a donation. Okay. Okay. Bye bye, student. How do you like that? Rimmer. In a bathrobe stealing somebody's newspaper on the next stoop next door. Oh, well, how can you stand the images of Rimmer in the morning like a, barely awakened dress with that hair stick back like he does in those telecans? They stuck. We have an open line in date County, 567 over. Oh, and by the way, spam, let's see, let's see, let's see that. I'm so glad she mentioned the rim man. I'm watching and by the way, there were a couple of great games on life. How come our home games don't look anything like those, uh, big to die see? Philadelphia and, uh, and Jersey, what a five, five overtime tie. Stintillating game unbelievable back and forth. And I'm going to be there, stuff that you want out there to put in the next off. So the beasor is letting these greasy goals. I mean, one that they actually assisted on, he picked him out of the net. Passed it right today, Mandarin, Chuck, who stuck it right back in the net behind him. And so here's John Port John bad, these were Kevin or Rough night and go for Philadelphia. My phone rings, not a clock at night. And I'm thinking, who the f*** is this? Who do you think it was? The beasors have it a bad night. My phone rings. I look at my collar ID. It's the rim man. I said, I know why you're calling. It's another beasor bag. She's one of this. You see those goals that he let in, they stuck. Yeah. Don't ever forget it, okay, as long as you live boys and girls, Jeff Rimmer, Hates, John Ben Beesbrook. Doesn't dislike him. Doesn't resent him. Hates, the beasor like poison, okay. Hates, despises, has a food. And he admitted to me, he's got a little food out. And every time it's stick a pin in it, there'd be another goddamn goal for the devil's. Last night. So if you want to blame the beasor for having a bad night, you can go ahead and do it. But it was the goddamn rim man. They stopped. Yeah, he's the one responsible. He's a hateful, hateful man. And good board again, Christian John Ben Beesbrook, what those robbers? 24 noon at 5. 50 WQMs. Pan-Beat, that cater me. He's the born man, octopus he's the girlfriend of advocacy, one of his It is by the gulf's mouth Why the hell did you leave? It smells just like rotten leaves Diedless parts Deathless parts I just wanted At K-Cart, I watched a warm and test with a low-round She was very much a horrible clown I walked wide out of that flame With a big fire on my face Oh, I diedless part Deathless part You win it, is why there's a red one Go but don't look back I'm so sick of your deathless sight If you're in church when you do You'll have to stay in your city You've never thought that Then you'll get a bit of something I want to know Who's got the cheese I need help It's 1147 at 5.60 WQM It's open line at Grower 2 in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 5, 6, on the ATT, while I was saying I'll tell you one thing that shocked the whole out of me We've heard only from, I mean granted I mean granted 90% of our calls are from anyway And I'll come and hear it from many women who have been to Graceland I'll tell you why, because most of the R2 and Burst And of course, they will categorize it immediately As being trailer park trash Will you be right if we categorize them immediately I mean you should, if you're proud of it If you actually had a good time there If you recommended to other people If you saw something that was interesting Entertaining, I'd you like to know what that was How many dead people like when Joe Damejio dies Are we going to build like some kind of any second now That's right, are we going to build some kind of a museum Joe Damejio museum And are we going to go there? We're going to have like a QAM bust toward a Joe Damejio museum There already is one And they're doing a big business There is one way A Joe Damejio museum No there is no, there is sure It was on the news It's like in Boca or something It's here There's a Joe Damejio museum And he's still alive And gives shop and they're doing big, big business No Yes Tell him Joe Castelo Oh, please don't tell me Joe Castelo's been there I have not been there Oh, thank God You're not thinking how to do it If he now if he dies, are you planning on going there? No Good But I love Joe D He's the greatest man How do you know that? I've seen it Let me ask you, what was the last year that Joe Damejio played Center for the Yankees Mr. Not about that No, no, I'm just asking you a question Do you have any idea? No 1953 Thank you What year were you born? 1973 But it's not about that Once a year after this man Stop playing baseball Yeah, now let's see, 73 Years, many years after Merleon Monroe died And you used the greatest what? Joe Damejio Joe Damejio is our last tie to our innocent past To whose more innocent past Your more innocent past America Us our civilization Oh, are you easily sucked in? Oh, my God, I don't know whether the screen Or just pull my brains out or both You're just as easy as the Yankees in I was the Yankees fan all my life too, okay? But as it turns out, Joe Damejio In fact, 53 may be a year too late I may be you're off on that Because I became the Yankees fan in about 53 And at that time, Joe Damejio was no longer playing Mickey Maddo was playing centerfield And they had all those great teams and they had great teams Well, he was a baseball player And then somebody makes the comment on this station Yes today, I can't remember who the hell it was One of our five year old kids a little younger than Joe Joe still all And he said, oh, many many considered the greatest Living baseball player of all time Was he better than Ted Williams? No Okay, I guess that's that in passing, okay? Was he better than Willie Mays? You could debate that? You could debate it? I mean, those things are all, you know, They're argumentative, it's like saying We're the 27 Yankees better than the, well, whatever You can't compare them. But I mean, here's Joe Costello who's like 10 years old Sitting the rack there on Sheridan Street And he's telling me that Joe D was the greatest He was our last link to America's innocence How about Rick Nelson was he our last Ozzy and Harriet? Were they our last link to how about the Robert Young Father knows best? Were they our last link? Maybe instead of Joe D'Masio They were actors Yeah, and he was a baseball player He was a real person So you're telling me that Robert Young wasn't a real person Or that Ozzy Nelson wasn't a real person Well, I wasn't around for that, but what you saw of that? What you weren't around for that, but you also weren't around for Joe D'Masio? Yeah, yeah, I was around for that But that was still real people I mean, you know, Guy puts on a jackstrap in the uniform He's a baseball player, okay? He's still a guy when he's standing there naked in the shower As disgusting as that thought is with Joe D'Masio Especially now, but I mean even then He's still a human being Ozzy Nelson when he stood naked in the shower It was also a grotesque, but he was a human being He's a guy I think you're over simplifying How about leave it to Beaver, okay? Can we agree on that? Leave it to Beaver Was our last Tony Dow was our last link With whatever you were here with America's innocence Gee, Wally Right, this is now at least you've seen Leave it to Beaver, right? Of course, okay? Great Joe I love the Beaver And it's a... Uh, geez Now we're starting to get person, okay? I try to keep this on an intellectual plane And he's given us a song to dance he loves the Beaver, all right? Oh America loves the Beaver In fact, I guarantee if you would ask most men in America right now Who are you more fond of? Joe to Mazzio or the Beaver? No contest It's the Beaver It's the Beaver, there you go I rest my case, well that was easy Piece of cake Snatch the answer right out of nowhere, baby You let the answer out of nowhere I pulled it right out of my head I yanked You know, Joe is getting like those other five you guys over there And you know the police started to talk like a hell of a lot too much You know, Joe's a great guy, but now he's all of a sudden starting to do like his own little show over there You know, these guys a little encouragement, just like Josh Fried and He's got like, yeah, for emergency Spap, pap, pap, pap, pap Or is that Denise Padbandazee, that can't figure it out I mean, here's Joe, here's a little Joe over there Tell us about Joe to Mazzio See, this is one of the things that's accursed And this radio is like, Jeldi I figured who he was talking about several weeks ago And I made mention of it on the ear He was talking about something on a red barber What is Jeldi know about red barber Did he ever hear red barber? Oh, he heard a few tastes If you clips from red barber, okay, does that make him an expert on red barber? No, does he know anything about red barber's work? No, not anything Nothing So we got a bunch of little punk stunts on this station Squaring experts on guys who died or who quit playing or broadcasting Whatever it is before these people were even born The other reason Joe can still relax because it's another walk name Joe Oh, yeah, that's a good point Another walk name Joe, I never thought about that That's true With a bad nose Ah, never thought about that There you go Now the lengths are starting to tie together And of course, Joe's got that Merlin Monroe blow up now So you put all of that together And now I start to sitting right in like a rubber glove We have two open lines in days five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty Let's hear it for the beaver Hoooo! I personally like Tony down myself You I've only mentioned like 20,000 times used to wear those thin plastic belts Yeah, I had one, believe it or not Can you imagine you right now with one of those thin plastic belts? Oh, I don't think so No Stretchy plastic Oh, yeah, quarter white pants in a thin plastic belt Can you a picture that? No, I can't either But wouldn't that be fun Here's my me be, Chilo Hello, yes sir Neil, you've turned back that guy as a bus stop earlier Yes Uh, unless he's got some kids who are waiting for that bus I'm like very leery of anybody hanging around a bus stop with kids, you know what I mean? Well he's his girlfriend's got kids there Well then that makes sense Yeah, well that's why he's going there He's not a pedophile, he's not hanging under a molest five year old girls Well then why would they suspend him unless he's supposed to be like working at the fire station And he's like doing that I don't know, I see I'm always reluctant to get into these stories that somebody reads me out of the special out of a community Fish wrapper like that that I know nothing about because then everybody starts conjecturing I really don't know Some people find out Okay, we have all the deadlines, why it opened 5-6-7-05-60, pound-5-60 on the mobile one line Oh So in other words, if Joe de Maggio is on a verge yet does that mean the beaver is going to be dead soon too? Wow, now that'll be Now how about a beaver museum? If we got a Joe de Maggio museum I think I saw one of those in Amsterdam It's 155 at 5-60 WCWM with what's that thing away before I put it away for you? I saw a was born in the 50s about the family so why? All right, the rebonds were left forever So you can watch the show every night, leave it to beaver In the morning, beaver every day of the week Up, beaver, hey, while it's becoming a little rather than me Ward does flock for a living But you will perl every day When they want to make what they get who gets in the way they're to beaver And the bedroom, beaver all through the place Spavers Got something to beaver's always in your favor Now we can't stand any hassle He's always telling those lies When he answers the kitchen He says Mrs. Cleaver, you know, leave it to beaver On the table, beaver, on the UHF Seaver You can't avoid it, beaver's like taxes and debt It's always beaver In the morning, beaver all through the night Let's shoot the beaver All right, 12.02 at 5.60 WCWM, I'll tell you that Between the Elvesting and Grace Land And Joe Costello, quoting somebody else's Tried cliche about America losing its innocence He was our last link to America's innocence You remember it like the early 50s Like when we had the McCarthy witch hunt going on And all those people in Hollywood companies Come on, let's go on That was our innocence Or how about like in 1945 when we were dropping Look at the weapons on Japan? How about that? That was America's innocence, right? Or killing the Indians with Teddy Roosevelt At what point are killing each other during the civil war? America lost their innocence After Joe demands you, hung it up, hung up his juxtaport last time Thank you Joe We have date county lines, why open? 5.67, we still heard from one woman It's been the Grace Land yet today Come out wherever you are, okay? Don't be a pussy about it, let's hear it We want to hear from someone I'm sure that people of the trailer park Trash, then scumb and the barnacles From the bottom of the ship I'm sure that very outstanding ladies have been there To Grace Land and had a wonderful time Do we believe that? No, 5.67.05.50 Time 5.60, the animal will one line Here's a pompaddle, hello Hey, Bobby Darren, what about the on the seat I'll be on the seat, there's another Romideo Correct, that was okay Wasn't mediocre, that was great He was, you don't know nothing about old rock and roll man I thought I know 10 times more than you do What about anything? I don't know about a good evening I'm walking, I'm going to be a wheel someday Blueberry Hill Very good What's the reason I'm not pleasing you? What? There he goes What's the reason I'm not pleasing you? I could sing it, I could do the lyrics for your palsy You name the ones that are honey child Which is the other side of Blueberry Hill Imperial records, you're messing with the expert now pal Don't give me a song on the dance line, I don't know nothing about rock and roll music Real rock and roll before this cramp in this noise And Gary Glitter started polluting the air waves We have date county lines wide open Where all they know is you know, Huchi Kuchi music 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, animal, one line I mean Bobby during museum, I think I'll probably check that out Bobby during Connie Francis, Frankie Abelon, Fabian Museum That's certainly, I mean, you know, this was a very important time in our life That's when we lost our innocence in America When Connie Francis started popping out those great hits on MGM Gary now, that was great, what? I like Connie Francis, I mean don't get me wrong, I'm not saying all I've got is records But I'm not, I just can't buy out of the fact that these people are quite as important as some of you would believe like Dick Clark or any other Dick Here's a mobile in Lake Worth, hello Neil, get spot Guess what? Go to Greatfoot No No, you just make this up to aggravate I'm meeting my girlfriend in Ascle, and we're going there You're meeting your girlfriend in Ascle, oh, and nice to you Yeah, yeah And we're going over there To do what? What do you mean to do what? Have you been there before? No, I want to go, so to see To see what? To see everything related to help? No, you're kidding me No, everything related to him like what? Is Priscilla gonna be there? She might, could remember, the anniversary of his birthday, January 8th Oh my god Although, it's thousands there I know, thousands of six sick puppies I don't think we're sick We like it Bemented My stuff goes, I handle it to Melvin Okay, I'll see you at the pet bill of bull music on February 24th We have an open line in Brought See what I'm saying? How many years have I been asking this question in today? Mark this down a day that will live in to me We thought Monday would live in to me This is December 9th Even after y'all would be impressed by this Monday or Wednesday, whatever day this is December 9th, 19th, 19th, and other day that will live in to me Today we finally found out what the people in South Florida got passionate about It's Elvis, it's the King They'll cry Well, not the Queen, the King They are passionate about Two things they're passionate about One is the Beaver, and two is Elvis, not necessarily in that order based on the sound of these guys All these all men Men going to Graceland And you wonder what this life has cut through He's got to hell in a hand basket I think that answers it for you right there You like somebody's music Like aerosmith, I love their music I mean Steve Tauder will not live forever If he gets wherever by a Mac truck tomorrow Okay, and they build an aerosmith museum And I love aerosmith I love their music, they're the greatest entertainers Their music is sensational And those lips and all the other Good, what I say, build a museum down the street Next to Playoutrapacald I heard they build an aerosmith museum Would I go there? No, of course not Even if they had Steve's old lips on display I wouldn't care if they had What's your names, Elizabeth, that you were talking about before? Yeah, don't say it on the ear The wax, yeah, the wax, let's see I think I once saw that movie I'll go and see him as in Oh god We're going to the elvist museum We're going to Graceland This is just sensational In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if we go to a wall What's the place that Jim and Tammy fade Baker What was the name of the thing that they had Where they were selling all the abogus condominiums That the where they had like, you know, 100 condos And they sold 50,000, what was the name of that place? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I know this too It was similar to Graceland, somebody will call Somebody will know the answer to that The important stuff, not all those stupid Joe de Mazzillo garbage I mean, you know, so he's a good guy He never stole a freight train He used to eat at the Deli Dan Grey He used to buy a very good ball player Faith Ruth was a great ball player too By the way, better than Joe de Mazzillo And he's been dead for a while, let's see 48, it's 50 years Are we going to go to the Baye Ruth Museum? No, I don't think so I mean, when I was the kid, I went to the baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown Heritage USA Heritage USA, thank you Josh Friedman Thank you Josh, he still talked too much But anyway, so I went to the baseball Hall Cooperstown in New York because I was going to camp Up in upstate up by in the mountains And we went there and it was, you know, it was her kids When I was in Toronto, like one of the first times A few years ago, went to the hockey Hall of Fame Ah, for kids, I'm not a kid anymore What was it interesting to me? No, absolutely not In fact, there is more, if you walk into Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto In the lobby where they have all the pictures in the memorabilia And Baye Ruth, there is more to see there than there is in the hockey Hall of Fame It's for kids You can see little kids going to the Joe to Majio Museum, maybe But we're talking to adults He was our last link to America's Joe Costello Market down in the counter one of the most profound comments Even though it's not original but nevertheless In the history of the human race Joe D was what America was all about Algorithm Nine minutes after I'm going to roll my say it in a Florence I see beautiful Italians over there Man, women are not sure of But we already got enough of the Italian Which if Joe would get his nose picked Nine minutes after knowing in the 560 WQA There's a U5 Kim Boa campus Right where you got it 430560 U8L I hate WLB again I'm so glad It's the old new Leighby DeBeaver Starring Bond Rebilling Place You Boa Bond Tony Dome And Clint Eastwood as the Beaver That's also now so that free sense Everyone accepts the adorn Oh crap, what I do now Beaver, I want you for my friend Well, I am your friend Miss Landers But that's all it is, friends But then how can I be your friend? Ah geez You're not going to ask me out again, are you? But I first asked you Look, we've gone all through this before I'm not taking you out again What I'm scared of I'm afraid I'm going to have to write a note to your father You're going to write a note to my dad See, you got the odds for an 8 year old boy Can you see your door? I've always thought you were one of the nicest boys in this class Don't know, Miss Landers, say no more Look, you're fun to go out and have a few beers with and everything But why don't you save it? Make a move on me and one of my next dirty Harry movie You're so good Huh? I like to hear your Nothing personal And you got a nice bot Okay, now I don't know about you, but I like the Evelin brothers Lapera and Elvis Oh, so what? I mean, is there any comparison between the Evelin brothers and Elvis? No, and they looked a lot better two by the way Elvast always had that look that's near on his face He was kind of real bad, you know, like something smelled real bad He looked okay, but I mean, he had done it in forever I was obsessed with the Evelin brothers I used to wear like touch it Because I was so excited when I would see them like an Ed Salomon One of those TV shows, the Evelin brothers were great I love, oh, yes, good this They're both still alive But is there any Evelin brothers museum? No, is there ever going to be an Evelin brothers museum? No, is anybody in this audience going to go to the Evelin brothers museum If we should build one like right now? No, and why not? I don't think you're going to be here You may have done it God, they were just sensational, they were great Okay, and the thing about Elvis Presley is that he Well, he didn't create like that style of music Redmond Blues was like an Evelin 50 He stole some Chuck Berry and Fats Salomon And all his other dark-complexed people He didn't, he was no innovator He was just somebody who was used by the Colonel to make a lot of money And the reason that he died the way that he didn't He got big and fat and bloated and had to keep working even long And do those shows in biggest is because he never had any money Because Colonel Parker stole all his money Because he made him a deal that was that only a fool Only some bumpkin from Memphis would make And he did But anyway Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello Yes, man I'm a normal woman who's embarrassed with the station's disintegration Oh no I was wasting the money Were you there for the Evelin brothers museum? So I didn't see that attraction, this is Elvis I was wasting part of the day in Memphis And that's where I had to cab driver tape And how was it? I don't know, this was pretty dull but back to us You wouldn't appreciate there's a cafeteria That has all of Elvis's favorite recipes Uh-huh And I had a five-maner and peanut butter sandwich All right, we were so excited And they had this old man who I think was his great uncle Sitting in a cottage and he would tell you stories about young Elvis Yeah He was like this old corrupted man that they kept their Like the ground to keep or I think Did he explain how come Elvis just slept with his mommy with Gladys The least was like 19 or 20 years old in the same bed Uh, no, the peep he rated a tour He didn't even get to see Elvis's bedroom Oh my god Uh, did you get to see the body at least in the casket? The wax dummy No, but they have an area where he's buried with his mother And somebody else has dead twin Well see there you go he's put yeah Well, is dead twin the dotted girth or whatever Right and his name is still long on the headstone So you're supposed to believe that that was a sign that he's not really dead Uh-huh And all the Elvis files were out there talking about that Right So he was a good way to have a day Would you go back? No Oh, okay, I feel better now Okay, so we don't have a great holiday Oh, well, at least she sounds you know rational She had some time to kill, she said the cadrover Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge We have an open line in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I mean, what's wrong with the hourly button I'll tell you another one We won't have music We never had a We just didn't even lie with it Then we're going to be like Fuck your soul Jerry Lee's a little bit of some talking about Jerry's like four years old She was a stalker He just had a few problems I'll tell you who ought to have a museum Close personal friend of ours that used to be that was on the show before Okay, any comparison Elvis Presley and Dion No comparison whatsoever Dion de Mucci is fifty thousand times the musician the singer the talent the human being That Elvis Presley could possibly ever have been am I right? You know You know Gone out the road Stop the fan of me I'm on a fellow fan And what I heard of Robert Sticks Don't talk me Talk I want to tell everything I know I'm gonna break up the singer's fire Well, if you start about it, it's got to go You know, near toe rich Richie Tolga-Fed For Tolga any any Tolga mother Tell her Rather to don't stop me talk I'm gonna tell everything I know You know like that Like that, oh, I'm sorry about that George gets a goose bumps every time he hears the board laughing The great Dion baby, there's a musician for it There's a guy who's got more talent in his little finger But these people are slumping a grace plan Because it's part of the American scene like the great Joe Costello would say It's one of our remaining links with America's innocence Elvis Jibrating his hips on the Ed Solomon show and the Steve Allen show That was one of our last links to whatever Okay, I believe you Here's Hollywood, hello Hey, the yellow top Are you doing sure? I'm alright, how are you? Great I agree with you, I love it He talked I didn't say he sucks But I mean, what's the big deal that you wrote? We wrote it too What a museum Why would anybody go to a museum? Do we have a Beatles museum? No, I don't think so What was he battling? I didn't hear it, but whatever the hell he said Okay, we have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line One of your people, I'm sure I'm so excited Yo, yeah, you're in T. Why not say that? Whatever he was, who's one of your people? Here's a lady in Miami, hello Lady in Miami Hello Yes, man Yeah, hi, Neil This one to tell you how much I appreciate you You're just a wife and a world Or a little bit of a child I'm so out of step with the rest of mankind That's God Yeah You're like a child, you know, with the average new clothes And I appreciate you I mean sometimes you get to thank you You're a little old from him You hear, I hear you and the voices are there You're great You and me against the world sweetheart Well, there's a lot of crazy people And also, if I'm my ten, such a little As far as my one It's It's my gentle Yeah I mean, I have a grown karma I get my grain headache Now this is all cure A cure for these Or it keeps on my baby And it's good for depression And it's good for appetite It's good for pain And there's nothing I'll tell you what it does It stimulates the mind And the government doesn't want our minds to be there Right, that's right The government wants a lot of dumb, a little more people out there And they've sure succeeded Well, that's good in government Right Thank you Thank you, Neil I'll call you again Okay, so I'll answer there I'll call Okay, go, roll roll a big brown one We have an open line in date Five, six, seven, five And that's what Bob Lincoln said And I'm pretty good Drought one And he sure did right in all of us on our heads Oh, those great Yeah, and you know, I still wanted people to say Hey, New York, you're going to do anymore going to do any more of those group trips to Vegas and I say, hello, real loud I say, like that. That's right, you hear me? How about? How about not? You hear it? How about now? Oh, I'll be going to Vegas again like, you know, with friends of my choice, like one or two, not not no more group groups with your, oh boy, those are the days. We have an open line in date County 567560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one. I have a great oldies thing here, but there's no disc in it. I guess somebody at the other joint decided they'd like this one, so much they would just kind of borrow it, like used to happen with the TV things, this stuff all the time over there. We'd have the jewel cases, but you're looking inside all of mine. There's nothing in there. Got an empty. The cupboard is bare. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Good. I think you're missing a point with the devil. And what is the point? Let's hear. Well, I think you did eye con because he, uh, uh, uh, of his, uh, antics on stage, uh, uh, America was more repressed than he was, he was sexually, we, he was a piece of looking guy. I was. Yeah, he was okay. He was all right. And we talked before on your show how, how America's a trailer trash country. Yeah. And he said right in, I, I have no real estate. So, well, listen, if Elvis was an icon and Jerry Springer must be a monster, he must be gigantic. We, but Jerry Springer has no, has no appeal. And I think I think Elvis did. I think it's a field transcendent as music. Well, let's talk about how come all those paid people in the audience are going, Jerry, Jerry, how come they do that for an hour every day? Well, that's because I didn't pay for it. Well, because Elvis is dead. Oh, I see. But Neil, Brooke Daniels, not the change of study. Brooke Daniels is coming back. We're here. That. Yeah. I want to, I want to, I want to drive pal on the stupid talk network. I want to ask you a question. Yeah. You've been all around the, even all around the country doing radio. How can someone who didn't succeed at one time be hired to not succeed again? Well, by, listen, that's, I, what is famous for that? They keep, they keep shuffling the same people around moving them around. That's the people who are philosophy, by the way. He did that on, on FTO. He does that all the time. He takes the same people, moved them around from one day part to another. And if they fail, you know, the first time he figured they're going to succeed, then I said, he could, he could book Brooke Daniels on at any hour morning noon or night. And she still is going to have no numbers. But doesn't, but doesn't Rick and St. Rick and St. have good numbers in the afternoon. Why would you know, there's no, there's nobody on that station that has good numbers. They have better numbers than the rest of the station, which isn't saying a lot, but on that station, how much how much are they going to do, you know? But I don't understand what has Brooke Daniels been doing for the last two years. Does she look for work? Or is she, is she panning? He's like, I hang an out waiting to, uh, waiting for the big opening, so to speak. And I guess she found it. The big opening. Right. Have a great day, pal. Everybody's working for, at least a little opening and she found a big opening. We have an open line in day one and Broward 56070560 on the mobile one line. I'll tell you where you're fine. Just open wide and stick some real pleasure in there. We're talking about to Nick cigar's now. Of course. Today's Wednesday last time I'm really starving today. I'm going to have my, uh, Nisi balls today. You didn't know she had an all boy. I would love to keep you all to myself. Oh, I have a bucket ran in a round. Give it to every guy in town. Oh, I should have known from the bottom of the road. I didn't know it was in your childhood. I bought it for one always be with you. So stay away from the system soon. Turn the bottle short and see the size. No steps on the front of mine. You got to step it now. I've got to do it. Keep away from the system soon. Yeah. Keep away from that girl. Hope that I'm doing it for two now. Keep away from the system soon. She likes to stay for a while. Yeah. She's dead if we find that to town. We can't get enough to come. Now I'm afraid of falling off here. The world of the door from the guy who knows you have the whole business fungins. So, ask any more that she ever knew. I keep away from the system that's the way. I don't think that there's a cricket museum is there? No, in the insect museum. No. I don't think so. Maybe there's the roach motel. But is there a cricket museum? No. I don't think so. Buddy, Holly in the crickets. What's wrong with them? I mean, he was very, very ugly. Not as ugly as the guy that played in the movie though. What is his name? That horrible. Oh, Gary, beauty. Oh, just the name is grow test. Just the name, beauty. What kind of a name is that? Every time I think of that name, the word plus comes to mind. You almost that? As in Pussy and Boot Lucy. Whatever that is. Well, seriously, that's he just a disgusting looking human being. The Gary of Pooh, Pussy, whatever his name is. But Buddy, Holly in the crickets, my god. If he would have been up there in a plane with a big bopper and receive valence, it's better for I tell you, well, I'll tell you one right now. Where they have what cut is this? One moment, please. All to have a museum right now? Probably on South Beach? Any of my love, remember this? Of course you don't. And you know, I don't ever have a museum because any group being Queen. And how about the Johnny and Joe? Over the mountain. I'm proud to see you. Oh, and I'll tell you who they're on a b even though he may be from Canada. Never say anything. I hate this record. Anybody seen to pull in a museum lately? No. There you go. I worth my case. We have an open line and a Rick Nelson museum. I mean, is there any question about it? Any doubt whatsoever? 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. All these assholes out here. We're going to grace land. My girl, we're going to, Jesus God. I mean, if that's what turns you on more power to you. Like I said, it's a free world. Have a great time. Here's North Miami. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm from Memphis. Down here maybe 10 years ago. I grew up there. And you wouldn't believe the Elisphanaman that happened at city. Oh, it's not what? It is. I mean, it is a total cottage industry there. You, you can name any product, any product, made in the unit. Elisphanaman. Elisphanaman. Elisphanaman. Right. And they were. Elisphanaman would be attached to. Elisphanaman. It's, it's, it's not just at the locals. It's, it's all over the world. People sign a wall, sign it right on the side. What they really ought to do is have the Colonel Parker museum because he's the one that created this whole thing. You know, he made something out of absolutely nothing out of very little. That's, that's, that's the hello phenomenon. Let me tell you time. And like I said, I'm from there. And I have, I still have no interest to sing. I have not even been in the house. I say, though, I were in the hall. We take, we go back every year. And we take my kids are growing. And sometimes we take some of their friends up there. And two of these friends are Cuban. And their parents told me to take their kids through Grandsland. Oh, my God. You believe that. That is totally unbelievable. So just to show you how far his hand reaches out there. Yeah, really. You're not extracting it in, grabbing it, right? I feel like just tell you that. Okay, thanks, Pat. But he didn't agree. So, okay, there you go. They're all slumped at a wasteland, baby, because they're told that that's the thing you do. Just like all these people that are slumped into the saw grass. And every time I asked the question, why they don't have an answer, because they're, but it's nothing. Somebody said, when you're here, so this is a place you must go to see saw grass. Is there anything exciting going on there? No, any really phenomenal story? No, that you must see like major humongous like a ferris wheel going around and being like, no, anything. No, we have an open line at Broward all three and days. She now I'm starting to date myself. I want you to play the team Queen's at the end of this show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. And that's back in the 50s when we didn't even know that we had any team Queen's. Yeah, now he's doing it. That's the same one with his Adam. Yeah. Okay, maybe you would Adam and Denise can they look? Okay, answer. Okay, one call after the board. It's out of this world. It didn't do, but are hello. In 1975, when I was slipping the document, yes, the natural call for him. Yes, the natural call for him. In 1975, the natural call for him. Any in the air, King Queens? So I always present. Yeah. And you lived to tell about it. That's right. I saw Judy Garland at Radio City musical. And I had to see your wences. I had to take it to see him in 1977. Yeah. Or this 20 seconds. As you know, he died the 16th. I still have it. As I know, he died the 60 like it. Like it's in the 8 that I keep on the tip of my tongue. Oh, it's on Cal. And my memory bank. Yes, like I still have the ticket. Yeah. I've attributed it in. I don't know what it's worth today, but I still have it. And I was grateful. Yeah. And I love it. What is your love about it? Very good. They're like, what? Give me a friend's and give me some reason that somebody should go there to see what? It's 12 cars. The awards room. Dining the awards room. You awards room. They said if you wrapped his records around, they wrapped around the world, you know, about one and a half times, because they sold in well and access of a billion. And that was your job. You know, you have to say one thing. You would judge by your ratings and that shows what a good talent you are. Now, Elvis sold, you know, more than to not sure the Beatles and Michael Jackson combined. So you got to say you got to think that's wrong. Yes, he has. I think that's very wrong. No, it's a little directed. And George is the Beatles of the record. Oh, no, no, he know they know. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, there are Beatles Museum. There's no, it's near believe me. I'm telling the truth. Well, let me ask you this, who do you think had a greater impact on music around the world? Elvis, Presley or the Beatles? Oh, Elvis. Because John Leonard even said without Elvis, there would have been no Beatles. Uh-huh. And without Chuck Barry, there would have been no Elvis. Well, you got to remember Elvis's director of music. Is there a talk period museum? Elvis can bother a fast dominant museum. Elvis combined the country, the rock ability and of course the black. The rock ability. Rock ability. Oh, and the rhythm and blues in the gospel work. Yeah, huge influences in Elvis's life. And those four things combined, the rhythm and blues in the gospel and the rock ability in the country, which put all together and put his own style into it. Yeah. And that was it. And thank you for playing people with Vegas. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm listening. I'm listening. These guys, he's back to the lower part of the office. Yeah. Awesome. We only went to the bedroom. I know, oh, boy, you don't have to spread the mirror. You're going to go over to the space. Yeah. You've got to watch yourself, Mr. Because you're stepping on sacred ground. He combined the rock ability with the crack ability, with the turtle tombs of the ability with Bobby Darren. How how how do you how to be fined this piece of direct by the way? I thought the movie sounds right. The honesty. This is a, you know, it's an okay record. But I mean, it's not, if I never heard it again, it would be soon enough for me. It's not an eight-note dream. What is it dream lover? Is that on there? I wouldn't be on there. That was the best record he ever made. And probably not the biggest tip. I mean, Macton, I believe the biggest tip. And the place splashes. Here's a splashed splash. I'm taking a bath and we're talking about that here. Because the guy is dead. Maybe I should be treated. Oh my god. I'm sticking. I'm overwhelmed. Why does it shoot? Woo! That's a shoot. Oh, I just dropped the big ground. What a look at it. Boys and girls. Maybe I. Wow. Okay. Let me do the spot. And we'll do all Elvis. Twenty-till one at five, sixty, double your QA. Sports radio, five, sixty, QA, L. The King is back. Bigger and better than ever. Elvis, Presley, and his first big movie role since he's been dead. Elvis, Aborabia. Don't worry. Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie, touches 17 months or several days and 18 more getables on. Including daddy's man. Don't be cool. Dying in the chapel. Who's weight very old shoes? Doing nothing but a ball there. And more. Yes, see Elvis in his scriptless performance. Yeah, he's bigger, better and better than ever. Elvis, Aborabia. Playing in a theater drive that are much where we near you. Boo! Boo! Thank you. Thank you. Good night, good night. Good night. We're just back. We're just back. Oh, right. I got another sweat up from my grandmothers. It was taken black. A don't worry, be a hired people. Was implemented on your feet. He wrote about it. He returned to Santa. Just send me cash. A lot of tax is worth. Okay, me, your ranch. I got a fruit taken from try and pay. Where could this fall my nose? A null ball of old spikes. Boy, do you all get a hose? He wrote about it. He returned to Santa. A who needs this cooked? Or this year's Christmas? A really strong. He wrote about it. He returned to Santa. Don't need to be rude. But this Christmas! I got fruit. A return to Santa. I'll return to Santa. Well, I know you must feel the same way after all these years. You've been able to take a lesson times. When you have a problem, it helps to talk with others who have the same problem. Okay, all of you guys, I'm the share of the group now. Yes, I do. Well, I'll be sure. I give very much for all of you. Hold on, I'll be sure about you. Give me orders from double cheese, pieces for all of you. I'll give some peanut butter, nanoscience. It's good to hear all of this. I'll like you. I'll do it this time. I'm doing account recession. I do it at locals, Elin Manse. Elin Manse. Where chronic Elvis impersonators go for hell. I want to get in. What was that? You say in Elvina? Well, sir, I think it's time. The people snap discriminating against us. Female impersonators of Elis. You know how I got so burned too. I'm a fucking fucking criminal. Learn to recognize the early warnings. Switching left. I can't control my friends. I'm in here. I'm all sure about it. Incredible waste, Jane. More to wait this way. At Elvis anonymous, we understand that impersonating Elvis is not a career. It's a disease. The disease is under the sweet. Here was the zombie. So clean. So much you can to El Anand. Members can a sea. And thank you. Thank you sir. I did like to wear my waist. I'm holding my waist. I can't hold my knee. I will jigger for more. I weigh a lot of pieces of fun. They want the wrong with me. My nose is wrong. They haven't been hard to sleep. Jane has been hit because my teeth are closed. I got the sneeze. How much does it stop? Oh, oh, oh. And this is a crazy waste. I can't make it for what? I need a little something for my hand. I'll do it. Hand me that and hand it for my stuff. Wee. I bought a clean and I got a student fan. If I don't work at all, I'll buy the hand. I don't check. So much no more could be so bad and so. I can't take this ball to town. No, no, no. I got a ball again to give my ears to pop. I can't believe. I bought a stuff to borrow. I can't believe. I can't believe. I'm all so bad. Put on my phone once and I will get you full street. Just to doubt the best of luck I've heard. I'm starting to feel heat. Some of the acid people. Check it out my butts last week. Yeah, I got a first test rather. It's on pitch to check my jeans. Now I'm falling in a worthy. I find it as a possible jeffron can see her. I'm falling in a worthy. Feel like an actual hour will. You want the dough to come up? You want the dough to come up? You want the dough to come up? I bought a little nut to the days of Facebook. Just to see what he wants to do. It's good for the face of the spirit. And the shed is far too soon. There's a pretty little ghost. She's waiting for his post. Time in the jungle room. We're sporting what is a fan set. It's feeling a powerful hole. You can feel the 40 footers is a fan set. Feel like a natural. You're like real. Fuck what is a fan set. Oh. Almost a powerful hole. It's a great story. We've got to knock through the house. Your body's record. You've seen his film. You'll be even purchased the day global memorial paintings for the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you'll think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. Hello, baby. This is the Elvis. I want you to come over right down. Like we have picked a butter and never so much. A few little butter and a net and a set was really good. Me too. We can pay. You'll hear Elvis in his mouth. Good to have in moments. Hello, peace of mind, Peter. Yeah, this is the Elvis. I want you bring me over a couple of large piles. Don't make it. Let's break. But make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm home. Hello. And I'm home, Mary. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how we really feel about the one through love of his life. What would you back when she back in the lobby? And I don't your way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please? Make jelly. Green don't. Coralist, Jimmy's day this too. We can go over. I love the big honey goings don't. Without deal, how can you do? The Elvis tapes. I'll give you a give a give a give a give a give a more do to us. I'll pay them a mile. We can run stores everywhere. All of these. I love the little more and tomorrow. I'm just doing. I don't know who's excited. In 1253 at 560 WCM, I'll be all the six travel games. Thanks for a very first call around the box. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hello. Going once. You told me that there was something like exciting. I wanted really, certainly. I couldn't wait. He was, certainly, surely about what? About you. About what? Do you mean doing what? I don't know. Maybe you can always say. Oh, well, see. I got one call left on the board. I've alienated yet another segment of the audience. I'm working on doing it one segment of the time. You know, you start out with one ethnic group. Then you alienates certain sports fans. And then you alienate certain music lovers. And today we've alienated all the Elvis people again. It was a good crappling display. I would say. What time? More could you want? All you Elvis files out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Come on, let's get Elvis in 10th of year today. This is what America's all about. I mean, it's not bad enough that Elvis has been dead 21 years. But Joe de Maggio is right on the edge to our last link to America's innocent past. What a good hell of a means. Here's Hollywood. Hello. New. Yes, sir. I'm calling about the almost dead Yankee Clifford. Yeah. Who are these kids that are saying Joe D. They're less linked to the innocent past. Yeah. What? Is it important 20 years after we stop playing baseball? What? It is in past. They're like any. They wear a kind of your master's in Johnson. People were doing what everything that moved, including the family dog and the next or neighbor. Right. Now, loud. Just nobody knew about it. Nobody talked about it. Look at those pictures. They're him and the night. God, babe Ruth wasn't a heavy booser in Carouser. Thank God for that. Back in the 20s. Right. And just like you know, those pictures in the 30s and the 40s. People were smoking. They were drinking. They, and all my mother's friends in the upstate New York and the suburbs were doing the tranks that they're building out. And they're really healthy. Easily people are programmed though. You come up with some trite cliche and you put it on some kind of a documentary or some kind of a show. And right away everybody starts parading at like, you know, like a mine and bird. Right. Absolutely. And my final point in the out of material. Yes, sir. Marilyn Monroe makes Madonna look like little goddamn bullpip bullpip. Okay. Okay. Well, she's not looking too good right now though. Ask the Kennedy's about that. Oh, they're not here either. Okay. We have an open line at Broward all three and days on our Elvis Fest. I thought that this would bring out all those Elvis people and it would work there. These men that are calling today, I thought it would be women. Women, the men that are calling about Elvis, I have to really raise it. I brow way up there like that dog and little rest goes, you know, I have to raise it. I brow way up there about all these guys that are calling about going to Graceland and Elvis this that he sold so many records and about to be put up with the guy out there. Elvis blow up doll and man. Try to keep it in perspective, okay. Just to keep a little respect for that's right. Just have a little tiny bit left over for me. Not a lot. 1255 and 560 WQM. But Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Oh, you. You. Oh, this. And Neil Roger wanted to do our as my personal stable approval. But I'm not sure if that's the young Elvis or the fat elf. I give you a year or less. You got me riding Don't know that you were the one You smell bad and you're ugly too This is me changing You smell bad and you leave my happy face You smell bad and you're bloody too Don't know that you're ugly I hope you just stay out of my place Just about to use you no more I'll spend my time chasing you This is me changing you You're a dumb asshole This is me changing Dear feel I wanted to discuss something a little more serious Well I doubted Well anyway about five years ago I was invited by the late Bill Corder To come to the station and I spent about forty-five minutes on the air with him I had just written the book on this history of dentistry He was very interested in me got a lot of interesting calls But why I'm calling now is that there's been all this talk about an Elvis Crowley stamp And whether people should vote whether they're the young Elvis or an old Elvis and someone Now one of the biggest things that has ever happened in the history of mankind You'll be the perfect Elvis record for a disdain I don't know Stop on you would be pretty interesting would it? That's a good answer That would be the music behind the stamp But anyway Okay, now what I'm getting at is one of the greatest things that ever happened in the history of mankind It's quite the capital Yeah, happened 160 years ago Two years from now in 1844 And that was the discovery of anesthesia Anesthesia I remember that by Pantbull and I'm not records by 1957 Oh, I really serious I don't want to be serious But there's a real point of this What is it? The audience is falling off like they're on anesthesia No, because there's no other point of this Yeah At the point is that what is happening to try and get a postage stamp to the discoverer of anesthesia And the post office committee that handles this says that it's not a great enough significant But a mildly Elvis is more important than a fan Okay, damn right Okay, I'm getting it today I'm getting it You're not the sense there's no one There's no gift that was ever given the mankind that's more significant Because with anesthesia you can do every type of surgery that's done today Yeah, now Well, maybe we can have one with a scalpel on it Then we can have some stamps like with little body parts on it I think that the end And what was like a thing of ether on one stamp and then like a gas mask on the other one Well, it's the discovery Just a stamp sir Why don't you lighten up a little bit? Who gives a crap what's on a stamp? Next time that you need to have anesthesia If you need to go to a home No, I got news for you If I need to have anesthesia, whether I have a stamp or not I'm still going to get it Of course The bunch of things are significant enough I mean, I pre-gave my mother two but are facing on a stamp You're really It's really very difficult talking to you Well, of course it is The idea Well, I'm sorry The linemen I'm sorry, Bill Corridor is dead I could talk to him But it's too cold Well, what does that mean? No, I mean, it's still cold The powder was one of my best friends What is any of your story he's dead because you could talk to him What if he didn't talk to him If you have a different opinion Then it would be okay, right? Point is on trying to generate some interest Well, nobody cares Don't you understand? Don't call it and give a crap about anesthesia Well, he told me and had me speak on his radio Yeah, and he told me that it was the Sorry his thing he ever did he went into the till the day he died he regretted it And it's death that he told me I only wished that I wouldn't have done that one show I can imagine that I've been under the day show Oh, God, one of those numbers are dropping like a rock What's going on? I'm trying to teach Okay, I'll get off the bonnet off you Huh? I'll get off your line Well, listen, have a great life Thank you Don't be so uptight about it Man, he needs some serious anesthesia right now One of those six at five 60 WCWA and where we're going? Here's the Carl Springs, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Hey, tell that guy just a lick him Yeah, he's looking at it Right now I just talked about my CNN Is this you don't need more to talk about Today is a fourth of God bless you Thank you Today is a fourth anniversary of jocelyn elders being fired for talking about masturbation Oh, my God, I guess we're going to have to play that thing, huh? Well, that is the funniest thing So that was it Okay Man, see you Thank you so much What does that thing call by the way? Jocelyn That's what? That's what it's like She's a choice for any of that Yeah, that is Because she spells her name like a real funky way Jocelyn Hi, this is Jocelyn elders And I'm mad Mad at those right wing sons of bitches That fourth bill Clinton fired me Just hold her to hell They think they are All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of Sex and teenagers Maybe it's Jocelyn's at busted Chip or a new gang rich at butter the call A little more There wouldn't be so up tight So I'm going to don't never hurt anybody And if people did a little more That we might save from lives Telling Clinton just stayed home and spent the monkey He'd even been there thought water Teaching kids about masturbation Would be no big deal We could even take some standard teaching tools And just twist them around a little bit like See dick run When you see dick run Get to the doctor because you picked up a bank It's a crowd-stricken Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride And parking their yacht in Hair Harbor And we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle Pump the python, walk the door Wacks the carrot or tickle the taco We don't all be better off And that's all I have to say Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elves is wants to pop it in the toast And hail oyster And buzz the grill And the top of it all off or you can't see that It's a 12-way to 560 WQM So anyway, discover how to really piss off the audience man People of the world nearly are very friendly We got one on it WQM, hello, Boko Hey asshole What the hell do you know about old rock and roll? Nothing Meaning what? Oh this is the same jacket Oh you're an asshole Yeah, okay Same jacket I've got to call before I stunt him with what's the reason I'm not pleasing you by fast Donald on Imperial records and honey chair on the flip side of Blubbery Hill See that's what happens when you catch him with your oldies down He just you know all I can say is he's an asshole You already know that so what's the bullet and okay pal what's your point But anyway, what are starting to say? Is that you know where the Elvis isn't a religion? He's not a cult he's like beyond that Beyond Jesus, beyond Moses, beyond Buddha Beyond Joseph Smith, beyond the Al Solomon I mean he's beyond anything Beyond Abraham Solomon And you dare and all I said was I liked Elvis's music I liked Elvis as a kid I bought all his record But I don't want to go to Graceland and see some stupid goddamn music And tool that's what I said is that okay? Oh, I'm sorry What kind of lifeless stupid jackasses go to Graceland? Tennessee first of all go to Tennessee in the first place You got to be a bozo Talk about mugwubville They make the people an entry look like big city splickers Aintree is like Manhattan compared to Tennessee any of it But go into Graceland to see the king and his cars I got a bunch of fancy cars okay anybody to come and see them Oh good stay the hell away Man Nine minutes after one at five sixty I mean we're getting hostile calls off the year People alone hang on people just spitting blood Because I have the audacity not to get on my hands and knees and worship the king at the altar Okay, where do you go in your feeling lucky speaking to get on your hands and knees How about Hollywood Seminole Jending which brings to my cash and excitement? Floridian dumb ad dirt This brand new team almost kids are living to play now In every big city all across the US is a now It's called keep yourself some hard clearing bozo under fellow away now If all got done, I've been on the state to stay a day I've been on the state to stay a day to stay And if you try to get to show him down now That's so sad Till he brought his lunch you have a pretty special proposal No, I'm not such a fat They can tear at the region And you'll have about the four of them now And they've brought their first dance dance dance I've got around the state to stay a day to stay And they've brought the state to stay a day to stay For the boys and girls you can make like a dream for me now And now it's been today See the first year on your bottom, it's a top to the very away now And now it's been today So what if Johnny can't read me to do something in our name now And now the other state does dance dance dance And it's all going together in the way It's all going together in the way And it has all just done, done, done, done So I've been on the state to stay a day to stay a day And now it's been today I think there's another group could Elvis even come close to matching the beach boys Not even in the same league, not in the same category No, I mean he couldn't lick Brian Wilson's ass Because Brian would never get out from one of the covers But I mean seriously, he's not even in the same league I know that a lot of you Elvis files out there are going to get a real pissed off What's wrong with you man? What's wrong with you is that I got a taste in music Elvis was okay, but these guys were real musicians I just got that head lost stick, you know he had a stick He went on and saw the knee swivel his hips And for a while they would even show him from the waist down Wow he swivel in his hip Well guess what, Bill Hayley and the comments swivel their hips too Like before Elvis, but they were ugly and had a stupid curly thing Oh yeah, that's spit curl Yeah, seriously, every time I see Bill Hayley I go Yeah, he had a spit curl And I said I wouldn't spit on the best part of him Here's a facts from Amy by the way, who says when are people going to get over the fact that Elvis is dead Elvis is dead Oh, it's been over 20 years since he died These people are worshiping the drug king They love him but Hayley and go finger it out I guess drugs are okay, but not sex Oh, right, nice going Amy That's right, drugs are okay But again the blow job here in there And that's evil, that's why they're holding this at this And all they're doing is saying the same crap again That they said last week and the week before that And they're going through this exercise and all the Republicans are going to go for And all the Democrats are going to vote again And it's just another guy there who's stupid, but a little lecture size And more of a wasted taxpayers money and more proof that they don't keep a crap about the voters What anybody in this country says or things are does, okay? Nobody cares In fact that we're talking this morning about the TV viewers Yesterday, prices white was still on all the assault poppers all the regular shows If you want to see this guy, but see it in MSNBC, the obsession that work Other than that, forget it because nobody gives a crap There's a lady in Miami, hello Lady in Miami Hi, Neil Yes, man I just called to tell you, I'm a huge Elvis fan Yes I have all kinds of member Billy Crap is my office that it holds And I also belong to the first pressly-terrient church of Elvis the Divine Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Yeah, you're a daughter of Jersey Uh-huh And you paid membership, it's $13 a year And what do you get? What do you get? I got close to the crap, yeah He's still alive Oh, is he? Yes I think I saw that Dunkin Donut's last night Five days Okay, yeah Okay, there you go Woo And the best part of it is She's serious We have an open line in date One five, what is it? One 500 Elvis Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line There is serious, it's a whole breed of mentally-deranged people There is serious, he's still alive Just like the godfather, they hit him five times he's still alive Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Long time first time All right And I'm an Elvis Hater Yeah I walk around a button that says Elvis is dead, give it up Right And he just said this lady said she had all that crap She said he's still alive Yes, she's full of crap You know, I think she would lie to you I don't know I think she's illusionary doing He meant it maybe But anyway Oh man, I like all sorts of music But I hate anything Elvis The only one I think almost kind of tolerate is that it is It's a bit despisey So, spishes eyes, yeah So, spishes their eyes Okay, whatever it is I think you recorded that song in Westland Wall, suspicious flies Okay pal, have a great day, get out of here Dispicious flies We have an open line In fact, we got to suspicious ants in here In fact, Hank and the people back at the Jo All you people back in that other building Like I said the other day You should be really having a big party Because now that some day soon If we live long enough, we'll all be in the same building over here They want to make us all feel like kind of like we have something in common Other than the misery working for this doing And that is the ants We're getting ants up to your back dome in this place Just in that case feel like we're part of a B-slee bead broadcasting Have to have lots of insects Here's a mobile in Boka, hello We don't put down the King Yeah I felt his presence When I was in grateful Did you? Did you feel his presence? I'm not, you know, there is something to say I was in Yeah, we believe you I'm not going to keep that a state-state post We believe you Very a sweet They call you're cereal, yeah I don't mean I bought him I'm a person to what? Like under the Christmas tree? Yeah, okay Can't even keep a straight post And this guy, I think he called before This is one of the assholes that was there That was a grace line He's an asshole Of course, it goes without saying In fact, if you go out and you tell somebody If you're like a man especially But anybody, if you say I was a grace line That's like saying He's an asshole All right, without getting carried away Without quite the honesty level We have an open line of date One in Broward 567 It's the King Day Out of nowhere Out of nowhere Comes the Elvis Day I mean totally unexpected When I came in here this morning The last god-dancing And my mind was Elvis I know that may come as a shock To some of you people out there with no life That was the furthest thing for my mind Was Elvis Or the Colonel How come nobody's talking about the Colonel? And I'm not talking about Colonel Sanders I'm talking about the real Colonel Forget about that Colonel Sanders With all the respect to our neighbors next door Colonel Tom Parker That's where they had to have the guy Damn the monument too He's the one that made Elvis what he became And stole most of his money And is he still alive by the way? Didn't he just die? Sure, we keep asking that question And we keep seeing him on 60 minutes Wherever he was like lying on the bed Okay, that's our pull question Joe to Maggio or Colonel Tom Parker I think Parker is dead We know where he's running Here's Miami hello Miami Hello, New? Yes sir. Are you okay? I want to congratulate you on your show Uh-huh, thank you Okay, we have an open line of day five six seven five sixty and five five sixty on the eighteen And no chronicle to you today, okay? Get to know the two real to try to pull the willier over our eyes Get to the new crap, okay? In between plain grab ass with your boyfriend Here's a mobile in poker, hello Hello, New? Yes sir Hey, you don't get it Okay, I just wanted to know You know why are these people getting so crazy about Elvis? I want you to you should hear the people Are aren't getting on the air that are psychotic with me Because of the audacity Not just just do a verbal ask kiss here for four hours today Because somebody mentioned the king at the beginning of the show This morning which I don't even remember the guy then called I went to Grayson, oh my god, what a little time You went to Grayson? I don't need drag. Oh my god So many drag me there And with the biggest waste of time If you're going to go to Memphis, go to Beale Street And have a good time And get drunk right Exactly But you know what you should do Set up a pilgrimage with all these other people And have them go next week so we can have a little No traffic for Christmas shopping Okay, have a great day pal You're out of material We have an open line at Broward 2 in date 5 6 7 0 5 6 Pond 5 6 on the AT&T wireless line Is there a fast domino museum? No There ain't comparison Yeah, there ought to be a fast domino He was my favorite baby He had his shoulders above all these other fakers All these little white boys Fast domino was R&B man He was where it's all about Where it'd be all about Oh no, we didn't know from no fast domino They saw it he was big fat No short and squat and dark And the ugly But boy he should have could say he should have Belled it out Here's a mobile and West Pine Pondby Chillow Hi Neil Yes sir Yeah first time collar long time listener Okay Alvastuk Quick question about the The Elvis sucks you got to get in Frank phone calls It home many minutes sir I got Go to my first talk game tonight Oh and the people that I work for they have a box there Those luxury sweets and you get it up there Of course There are Okay, you're watching first few minutes of the game And then after we're down through your phone Nothing then you can get drunk and have a good time We'll watch whatever on TV Okay, great All right And What's the best book down there on the term pack What's one What's the best way to get there on the term pack No, not on the term pack on the sawgrass Yeah, well you come on the term pack to the sawgrass right Oh, okay I sawgrass brings you right to Oakland Park Boulevard And you'll see the signs as a reers his macarina Okay, great Okay, have a great time Okay, good luck to us Ottawa tonight 730 at the arena Gonna be there No We have an I'll be there open line and Broward to and date 560 560 pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line Who's your favorite recording artist of all time? Who stole the most record? Ava, Elton, John, Aerosmith, Elvis Presley, the Beatles Or a body knocks right Oh Okay, love body knocks, he was good Who had the hit on part? Oh no, he had the hit on part? Oh no, he had the hit on part? Oh no, he had the hit on part? Oh no, he had the hit on part? Yeah, he was good Okay, love body knocks, he was good Who had the hit on part? Oh no, he had the hit on part he done But you know who else recorded part he done on coral records by the way? No, you wouldn't know His wife is EDG or May I still with him His wife is EDG or May and they used to be on the Steve Allen show and they're Jewish and they've perished Oh, oh, oh, Steve Steve Lord Lord Oh my God, sorry I just got them sitting on the spot I told you, I was giving the lesson on America, losing his innocence when Jodie, whatever he's our last link If you tell me about Steve Lawrence and Ety Gourmet Yeah, he had a rock cover on the party though See back at those days everybody, it was very common Somebody to have a big hit and somebody else would come along with a cover of it Which does I don't think that happens much anymore I mean they do remakes like you know a year later or whatever they butcher up somebody who's great old song But as far as doing covers of other people's hits and then making so many off of that like Rick Nelson did the on walkin Which really pissed me off at the beginning We had a kiss and they go over that because that was fat domino fat domino is big hit And I thought what what kind of a little punk of you to be recording fast domino is record mister But then of course he or woman is waiting for her hearts before he died He died two by the way, you know and that playing crash 1 26 it 5 so oh by the way that's another on the A and E is a great network I'll tell you that by a refee show, did you ever see the one on Rick Nelson and of course the kids are on air the Nelson twins huh? No, good show He pressing but very good show 26 after 1 at 5 60 WQ Ray, what he has a pair He's a nice He's a new girlfriend He's down next to me With the high-end her name And I thought about the baby We've been through how I had just And she did to Sad of her achievements She could have the album And we made a movement between us That could sell it, bending too They've been trying to get back It's a part of the batter from the knees Can we see it? And the add factor got her in the take it's about Look at that! Look at that! Look at that! With that, everyone! She keeps throwing it in the door They're all living in your life Who will deny it? Because they have her heart You're only good enough, guys Look at you in the alley They're all wrong They're not so fussy They're cheap The chopper will fall They don't say they're trying to get back If you're far too far, it's better than a fact that's true In the Fridge box, we've got to stand in with a baby That's what we can't stand Look at him! Look at him! He's eating it! She's an egg! He's an egg! He's an egg! Come on, baby! So we've got to get it! Okay, 133 at 5.50WQM We have two open lines And date it's all Elvis wins They much to our amazement Much to our amusement And amusement and depression All Elvis, you know, the amazing part of this whole deal We started out with Joe de Maze You're in the Joe Costello drop some in Cipad line Some cornball line that he heard someplace else About, you know, America losing its innocence Joe D was our last link At the missing link, yeah I think he's got to confuse with Patrick Ewing Who looks more like a missing link to me But anyway And then I come up with a horrendous news about Michael Zazlo Roger Thorpe from guiding lights for 25 years Dies at the age of 54 Do we get one call about that? No! Or any of my guiding lights People are more in mourning that today No! All we're doing is talking to China And go to Elvis who died 21 years ago Does anybody care about Michael Zazlo? Roger Thorpe? No! No! That's the see that's America for you Just like today, Mel Allen died I come into work the next day And I'm just crestfallen And I'm just crushed And we got a whole generation That knew Mel Allen from this week in baseball So even if they weren't old enough to remember him From the Yankee games for 100 years Then you went from this week in baseball for the next 100 years Did anybody care about that? No! Anybody have it? No! A three old fart from New York that was it Boy I guess we got our priorities in order to know It's Elvis It's all Elvis all day all week all month all year for our lifetime It's all Elvis Couldn't lick the Everley Brothers rectum I'll tinder that right now Here's a mobile in Pembroke pie and tell us Oh! Yes sir Yeah, how you doing, Mel? I play at BASCETS on a band that does Elvis and personator shows Oh my god, one of all what's 12 million? Yeah, yeah, we're in Boko around town But the Elvis stands I've been doing it for about six years It's been there definitely some of the strangers Yes Chromosome missing people I've ever met my life Well sir But they drink real well So if we don't mind, you know, they come in and spend money Maybe that's how they got in that state of mind I mean they're drinking some real cheap crap Well and I like I've been doing about six years And it never feels all this time There's always been some kind of like stalker We just follow them everywhere No matter where we go He's there or her group is there And it's Gary sometimes Great Well thanks for the good news, Pat You've assembled the problem, the biggest problem of mankind They're greatest little Even beyond, you know, the beginning of the human race They begin the origins of the universe And so the biggest question of them all is Why are they obsessed with Elvis? That's the question Why? Exactly, I couldn't say it better We have two open lines, one in day one and a broad Five six, we got Hank coming up from a Shulos Day 2 at 2 o'clock We got the books, you're briefly, it takes We got the pregame of seven to pass his in Ottawa of 730 tonight From the macarina Like I said from the macarina I'm gonna get some enthusiasm going there Thank you Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello Here's a small baby, look me A pound of new plays to dwell Hey don't know Okay You might be going to be like a lot more to that No, it's a little dark Times with hell Exactly I think they buried the kernel on top of Elvis Maybe the kernel is in that box, huh? You stick it to him one last time Uh-huh Yeah Anyway, if not picked up the CDs and I want to apologize for that But I will be at your next Showing Saturday, December 19th at Borders and Plantation It's some time to be determined If Ryan and sales ever decide to tell us what that time will be Yes I thought I heard an ad that you were going to be at a theatre or something You heard an ad saying that? Yeah, I was during the, um, uh, it's about two days ago And I was like wait a minute, I thought you were going to be at No, I will not be at the AMC theatre So okay, in spite of all of school and efforts up there And in spite of Brian's efforts to try to course me And to go into a part of town That we've already covered quite well with our fund where's it Thank you And going to a place where we're not going to raise a lot of money We're going to be at Borders in Kendall on Saturday The 19th at a time that we will find out by tomorrow at the latest Well, I'm a huge helium, a heterosexual 35 year old male And I'll see you there Okay, thanks on partners and do Spank Okay, thanks And that he must be pulling our legs He must be pulling our legs His Bluffling is really running such a promo And we're going to be at a place that we're not going to be Is that what's going on? See, I'm going to tell you right now Because I don't want to get, we're almost done for today And I've been a real good mood, I don't want to get this guy Start a army again, or get me started But it's tight told George and his money before the show I said, you know, I'm really getting either older, just very slow in my old age Literature Oh, thank you, just got so that's what we were going to do We just got confirmation known at two on Saturday December 19th at the week from this Saturday at the Borders in Plantation But if the risk of finishing what I was starting to say Forget about Greg Reed, forget about Bluffling's Forget about the Beasty Boys over there And they're two people are running this joint If they ever tell George this morning, it's taking me almost a year to figure this out And they're joined at the hip The Waternotsie and Screw-Anne, those are the two people that run this entire operation Everyone else is insignificant And don't ever dilute yourself in a believing anything otherwise It is the most bizarre operation I have ever seen in my life I don't know why they have they wield the power And the authority that they do, there's a lot of speculation about that I have no idea what the real reasons are But here are the two evil sisters The twin evil sisters joined if they have joined at the Back-to-who just absolutely run this place with an iron fist And all the rest of us are just, you know, we're just passengers in the night 21 before 2 at 5.50 WQMR This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere The new Roger I will kill Boba Daddy I want to know that I did not feel I was just in a dream It's not a needy of it's to be a time of hope I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no I won't do no Okay, that's the day the side pity The fact is me a effects Which I guess is what you get on the facts machine is the facts There you go Danny And God bless you and you do look like so me Okay, where we going? Grassley Creek North Carolina, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir, how you doing? I'm doing great I'm doing great too, I got out of South Florida Yeah? I moved up to the mountains in North Carolina Yeah? I was listening to you today and I wanted to let you know Just how religious they are up here I'm sure There's a church on every hilltop With the membership of about 20 people Right, it's a dry county No beer, no wine, no alcohol That's relegating Ash Ash County That's right You know more traffic to fight The only immigrants up here are the Mexicans They're bringing in to cut the Christmas trees Good, they get them back where they belong Yeah, after all That's right And it's much better, you should come up for it Yeah, that's what George says You're right down the road for more history Yeah, yeah, you're not going to be by it No, I don't have to think about those are wood's people Not too much in the venue Well, the biggest kind of the fear Incessed in child molestation Right, go to the territory Okay, well listen, I'll see you in aintree Thank you And have a great life Bye bye Green grassy, quick north Carolina first call ever from grassy creek The metal party By the way, is there an early Kdo Hall of Fame? No I'm just looking at similar oldy CDs By the way, which I used to have a hell of a lot more But I know this over the years they kind of like thinned out a little bit In addition to which my Elvis, to me, since I can't play any real Elvis music today I was obvious because I just threw them out because I had the two jewel cases But one day they turned into empty jewel cases Because we had somebody over there that liked Elvis a lot I don't want to say it was Chris Baker, you know You're on talking about? Oh my God, yeah No, no, I can't I didn't have no idea But he was he just was that kind of a guy who liked Although we didn't have a lot of light figured people over there So I have two empty jewel cases with Elvis's put on But no records inside So I guess I'll have to go out and replace those Time to go to the records to register I have an 0.560 and 5.50 the only AT&T wireless line Here's my any hello Yeah, it was probably packs in the took it Could be? Well anyways, I want to talk about the set of one campaign Yes, sir. I got both of your CDs. They're great. Thank you I also got the 95 and 96. I couldn't get 94 because they only had on cassette Right, but here's the concept, Neil A lot of people who say that they don't want to get your CDs Because whatever they don't want to give money Those are the who deals that are home of full They can think the center one is like a gazing Well, I want to say one thing. How many of those who deals Order paper view and watch mic types and fight for like one minute and pay $50 Right, and we look to see you all year long Right, Monday through Friday free And the least those who deals can do and also big black guy named Ben is caught up Twenty bucks exactly right and you know give it to Neil God amen Finally, God bless you sir. Have a great life Okay, there you go. There's a good hole. The good hole. Okay. There's a few of my there There's a lot of them out there. They're just all in the closet. It's going to take me another hundred years to bring them out of the closet Just one toning a little time We have two open lines in date five six seven. Oh, maybe when Mama Seeta's in that big kitchen in the sky, you know Maybe then they'll finally edge their way up five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line Here's candle. Hello Hey, what happened to be your last night? You really sucked it up, huh? Yes, you did. He stuck it. You're out. Hell, it happens with a rest of the year to get it to each six seven They got for that Okay, great. There's a good hockey fan there for you. We didn't know his craft Probably remember put him up to the call. I was going to say remember paid him to make the call But of course that would be really Yeah, that would be really stretching the point. Okay. We were paid him to the fair Two open lines in date county five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line Let me say it again. Jeff. Remember a hate john van. These book. He said airbie goal. He led in last night That's what he said calls me nine o'clock at night. I'm sitting there watching some really entertaining hockey and here comes the Beezer hater the geyser report Laughing and puking and chuckling and then this man's got the audacity to tell me that Sean Burke is better than the Beezer, which point I said Boy, you want to John Davis is going to cut you off right in the middle of the hockey show You're something if you don't cut the crap Boy, boy talk about delusinary just hateful and spiteful. I don't know what it is Maybe John maybe the Beezer return him down once to pick up the tab at restaurant or something. That must have been it Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Hi, me. Oh, yes, man. Personally, I think Elvis Presley really sucked. Yeah, oh, do you also that these people are They're going to be knocking your door down any minute now. They'll trace the call and they're going nuts Well, too bad. I think Mickey Rark is God. Oh God. Isn't that is that pathetic or what? Huh? She rang such a bellwood. Yeah Mickey Rark. She's sitting there with her and he's placed it up against the god damn awesome. We're in a corner Like that isn't that pathetic Like I said the day that they called in like a you know like a like a tag team that day We're not here to try to resuscitate some old the washed up has been clear. Okay, if that's the best you can do with your time The key better go read some script or something somewhere Or maybe I understand when you're looking at the drive through Two open lines in Dave County five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line See leave it to Mickey Rark so whatever she is, leave it to her to be ripping the king Man, oh man, I'm sure you got some nerves sweetheart that's fucking bitch. 24 to five sixty WQAM You'll write this is my lover. Look in gladzeration. Get a life Thank which tape number six the convenience store follow along and repeat convenience store manager Hello, may I be to have been hoping to repeat hello, may I be to help me? No, please customer Yes, I would like a pack of parliament lights Convenience store manager Are these a problem and they repeat you want to have a problem and they customer Yes, I would like a pack of parliament lights Convenience store manager These are problem and they repeat Do you see a problem and they say if one problem is customer No neither one of those is the parliament light Great, no, you did it. No, it's not that one You want to find a way? Yes, I want the parliament lights Please, you did it? No, the parliament lights No, no, no, you did it. No get you see it. Yes, no no no no no, don't over here by the dirty magazine What did you see? What did laundry have? No, turn this tape over for language tape number seven Ordering Chinese food over the