I'm sorry for me. What? I call it a dirty square dance. Up with the bit go down with the pants. In with the bit hurry everybody dance. Girls win rags on up against the walls. Guys with a horn I'm promenade all. Girls grab your partners, permit it by the balls. Girls drag them down the lake of the halls. All right. Make them holler, make them shout. What you pretty ass up against is now. First lady goes decently to pass. Third lady's finger up the board guys I have. Finger out from the halls and now release the board guys ball. Now with the bit go up with the pants. Dancing and the dirty square dance. Don't sit there all right. I'm sorry. Now I think I'm going to put where I'm. Me some red fried potatoes. All right. Because allegedly they were religious and then it turned out that they were at the Race track that day. Oh my god. Ponding their brains out. What if they took off like on you? And then they were going to have a very religious holiday. And we're supposed to be fasting and going to. And they were at the track plunging gambling and eating. Eating and plunging. That was fun. Yeah. Evidently. So I don't want to mention no name. But Hank will be here with two live from Shuloustake 2. Making up for that fasting into yesterday. And whatever money he lost it called her. Boy, I'm toned at these people. I got scams. I'm just stupid. You know, just dumb. I put myself to that embarrassing episode yesterday here. And I said, that my could have been out there at colder with Hank plunging my brains out. Eating those good sub sandwiches. They got out there. They got some good stuff out there at colder. Anyway, speaking of good stuff. We got a little problem here when it comes to cigars. No, seriously. We got a problem because we have like props like these big and men. So it's the only problem is you can't get them anymore. Because every time I mention nicks has got a great cigar, whatever one it is. They can't keep them in stock. They can't make them fast enough. Because that's how fast the audience out there is hopping them up and the hop it on top of them. So we just, uh, worst cigar poor here. We have no cigars. We may have to actually now take such a drastic measure as to start smoking other people cigars. You know that? And big nonsense. I mean, we love our friends at Nixon or a great sponsor. We're doing a great job for them by the way, which they tell us all the time. But John penis tells me that they just can't keep our great cigars in stock. Because every time I talk about one, even these big fat in men's eyes comes to fight out that everybody likes a big fat one in their post. Even the women out there who are smoking cigars now, which has become very popular right Monica right? There you go. Even they like a big fat one. And of course all the guys in the audience, they like a big fat one in their post. So the in men's eyes, they can't keep in stock in those per dome on whom we're all onos. Can't keep those in stock. No God. So we may have to actually come on here and start begging for cigars. begging for stokees. And of course, if we get some good ones, we'll have to talk about them unfortunately. Hate to break the news, dear. So anyway, our center one thing officially kicks off this weekend. And this I could do the rest of the show here today without even breaking for commercials about this. We'll be at the borders in Gallo over by Galleria in Fort Lottodale. This Saturday, October 3rd from noon to two. And then I find out through the great fine. And we're going to be at Pizza Lough this next Tuesday night. October 6th from 6 to 8 p.m. I had suggested this screw-in when she came down here a couple of days ago. After she gave me this list of dates, which I'm not going to be here half of these dates. And we had to try to get this straightened out. I had suggested since she had Pizza Loughed's schedule for the day on my birthday when I'm not going to be here. That maybe we could move that to Tuesday and let me know. You know, like revise the list. And let me see what's really going on here. Well, come on. We'll come to fight out that our exotic promotions guy over there. Sam the sham who must have lots of naked pictures of lots of people in this company to keep that job. Come to find out they put a press release out yesterday. An outsting that this coming Tuesday night October 6th will be at the Pizza Lough from 6 to 8 p.m. With our center one best in the OSTA. Did they send us a copy of the press release? Did anybody tell us about it? No. Did we discuss it? No. Did we discuss it? No. Fine. We're going to be there. Yeah. We'll be there. But what if he nice for us to know about these things? I know you're starting to get picky again. Your secondary. That's right. We're small potatoes because it's same and lullan. They're the ones that are in charge of this. They're the ones that are going to make this thing fly. What tell the we know about raising money for charity anyway? And also that phone number for center one. That special phone line over to the best of me. Let me illustrate it not for you. There are two volumes this year. Volume one is great stuff. And volume two is like kind of like the old meal on plug stuff. That's like a little x-rated with no bleep senator anything like that. With all the words that you want to hear. So there are two great volumes to make up for last year when we didn't have one. And that center one number which will be working. Bell South assures us sometime today tomorrow. So she just called. Like I said, Bell South assures us. The delay in getting the line working is because of the hurricane. Everything is because of the hurricane. That's a good excuse for everybody to can't get the rack together. 9 5 4 5 6 3 36 100. That's going to be the number. It will be working tomorrow to order your best of meal for 97 98. Volume is one and two cassette CDs whatever you like 20 bucks. A pop which I'll go to center one. 9 5 4 5 6 3 36 100. But at any rate as far as this is center one promotion is considered. It's interesting and I've been telling you all along and very honestly I have no reason to make this up. That's Sam the sham and the nephew the so called promotion department here. The incestuous relationship. The people that have the naked pictures of people at work here. And do absolutely nothing. Have been totally absolutely 100 percent beyond the shadow of a doubt. Uninvolved in his promotion. Which is why we couldn't do it last year even though I was not here here yet. Nonetheless starting October one. I was on the payroll right. There you go nice job if you can get it. And we were hoping to do it last year to raise all that money for center one. But Gregory didn't want to put up the front money so I put it up this year made by ten thousand dollar Delation early just so we have the front money to print the CDs and cassettes because this is such a cheap ass outfit. And yet they want to you know they run in these promos on you're like somehow this is a Q amp promotion. They want to take credit like oh look what we're doing and our promotion department is really involved in this. Aren't they? No. It's embarrassing like everything else that goes on here. It's embarrassing. So I'm starting to make up a short list maybe you want to think about this today. Of people who must have naked pictures of somebody in order to keep their jobs a short list. Like I said short people who have a naked pictures. No seriously I mean there must be a tremendous like sand the sham he must have lots and lots of naked pictures of people to keep that job because he does nothing. We've taken a survey here. We've asked 50,000 people can you tell us what sand the sham does and every one of them is said no beyond a shadow of it out. No they have no idea. And yet he's telling some of our salespeople oh we can't do remotes on this day and we can't do remotes on Sundays because we got dolphin games as if he needs to be there. As if somehow he's like irreplaceable and needs to be there for us to pull these things off. Was he there with any of our other appearances for a center one? No for Camilla sounds already the other money we ever raised in the past. Did we somehow get through and make it then raise a lot of money without saying the sham. The QA yeah okay 1014 at 560 QM now you tell me some asshole at the fan in Denver is call us and give you a bunch of crap. WQA and maybe you'll call back. Maybe because Jim Leeland's having a press conference today and what time do we know what time the press conference is? Joe. We already know that he's leaving and he's going to go to manager's Colorado. We already know that anybody with a brain knows that. What time is it? 1045. 1045 and we'll put it on for a few minutes. Get the MS to real war there from Jim Leeland is a good guy but not stupid enough to stick around here. How come that guy didn't call back from the fan in Denver? Why don't you give him a bunch of crap about it? I don't understand. What is there to bitch you out about because we're not going to sit and have a long chat with him about it? We're not doing a sports show here between 10 and 2. Is that okay? Is that all right? Jesus Christ Almighty, these sports nerds who think that there's nothing else going on in the world beside somebody running around with a jackstrap on. We're in a middle of a worldwide depression baby. Not just recession one, the verge of a worldwide depression and people are worried about it. I'm leaving. I'm going to be managing the marlins again next year. No way Jose. We can't even get a straight answer. John Henry really buy on the team. A waiver going to get an answer on this is they're going to build him in arena stadium of this. Are they going to build him a puttap? Where's the money going to come from? Fred Grimm by the way. Good article in the paper today, baby. He's gone. Right on target. As we continue searching for more money to build stadiums in arena for millionaires and billionaires. Nice going. But some jackcasts over there in Denver is very upset over the fact that we're not all worked up into a frenzy here. Because Jim Lee Lund is making an announcement today. Here's a call from Houston. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I just want to tell you that the internet saved my life. Because I moved to Atlanta about a year ago and I still managed to listen to you at least once a week or so. Right. And I'm going to use them. I'm going to go there. No. I'm just working here and I got in the hotel last time I'm flipping around for the ball game and I passed Larry King live with Rob's Piero. Oh, is that incredible or what? I was laughing my ass off. And here. Did you hear what he had to say? I saw clip on the news this morning where he's talking about Clinton ought to resign and they ought to take up a petition drive before some of the people. Have you came to like vigil and care of hands of trucks carrying these petitions from all corners of the universe? Oh, God Larry with that little sanctimonious rolling up his sleeve do do we're all over the place? Yeah, right unbelievable. It was funny. And you know, and the interesting part of it is I'm sure Larry didn't mention the fact that all of Ross Piero supporters have abandoned him in disgust when they found out what it was. The phone he was on the total BS artist and half the call he were taking were set up call but. You're great. Yeah. We're going to run for pride. Right. Leave it to Larry, baby. He knows how to he knows how to suck like nobody even Monica could take less. I've been doing this long. How are we no alert? It was great. Okay, have a great day, pal. Thanks, Bill. And a great life. Hey, Larry King pumping up a little Ross Piero again. Got to roll up your sleeves and do do do. Biggest bull crap artist that ever came down to play snake world salesmen. Little bigoted means bearded nasty prick. Fony baloney. Oh, yeah, they're they're going to. They're going to set up a whole deal here. Mess up my daughter's wedding because they're trying to make us look bad. Oh, yeah. The sabotaging his daughter's wedding. Paranoids, I caught a good take egotistical prick. And people went out and voted for him for president. How do you like that? Of course he had screwed around because it would touch him. Speaking of people touching each other, somebody finally said this to me. This was on vacation when this came into paper. Bishop a state battle heats up as what it says. We're talking about the late and bishop. Anybody remember to late and bishop? No, of course you do. Have a nice day. Right. The fight over the estate of Channel 10 anchor and bishop is getting downright ugly. It says Helen Buckner, a long time companion of the famously dignified bishop, is being sued for a million dollars in damages by radio personality Sandy Payton, who ironically received a bulk of bishop's estate. How do you like that? I would love to keep you all to myself. That must be what she told her just before she quote. The waxy talk, myster was posed with bishop, especially toward the end. It doesn't say which end. When she helped care for bishop who was battling cancer, bishop charged a... Change to... Let me say it again. Bishop changed her will seven months before she died, giving Payton 75% of her $1.1 million IRA. Oh! Buckner who originally was supposed to get the largest piece of the pie, but broke up with bishop in 1991, was given bishop's candle home in the rest of the IRA. Last month, Buckner filed a court notice in applying manipulation of the will. I've been slandered and defamed Payton told insider, it's got to stop. Indigililiter of Payton, Buckner once successfully offered a settled e-discuit of Payton Payton, another 142,000 from the IRA. The incentive for Payton to settle changed the will because of a lesbian relationship with the divorce Payton. How do you like that? It's not because you associate it with a gay person that your gay wiener said, Sandy has an impeccable reputation, and it's been trampled. Said Buckner, lawyerly, showing your, I'm surprised they want to air this out. When it got there, it ended out. I would love to keep you all to myself. I was gone, Sandy. And it's really interesting that now that she's dead, only after your dead, are you supposed to say this? Now they're saying that, uh, we're worse, they're worse that term again. Not because you associated with a gay person that your gay. So they're actually coming out now and saying that and bishop was a duck. We didn't know that, not that it's a great revelation, but now that she's dead, it's okay to say it. Is it okay? Okay. There you go. Yeah. You better tell Rob Kaplan that, okay? It's not because you're associated with a gay person that it necessarily makes you gay. That's necessarily only he's worried about it. Better draw him a diagram. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. What's going on? Not much. They got kind of so much thunder by Rob from, put your arm in a watching little soccer, watch a little baseball, that's a net. And then that's your off on there. It couldn't help but get past that he kept calling her a vulnerable young woman. Oh yeah. Vulnerable. I mean, with her underneath her, presidential naked. Actually, you're like, kind of got a little bit of a ball, a little bit of ball there. And today, you know, it could be that she was actually the one that instigated. Yeah, well, buddy, she always thinks that it's not such as in the Star Magazine. It's in the, uh, kind of star report. It's in there. She admits she, she pranks over the fact that she went there and instigated and imported with him and the show to him or ask the audience and all the other stuff. She admits that proudly. Well, he's got to have some kind of morality saying, and this and that. And I think glaring me some kind of association with if you were the person. If you're a, you're a CEO. Followed by us and that and got busted. Well, if you was no one, then he'd be out of the right away. Even though they said, what if he tripled profits and everything is running great. They're in a hot fire. No doubt. No question right away. Yeah. And Larry's out to what you, what if you were the CEO? Oh, Larry, how could you ask me something like that? He's crazy. He is crazy. He's crazy. But however crazy like a fox, but Larry keeps putting him on her again. I mean, yeah, I'm like, I'm like a pulling her right mind wants to hear that little up-pud wack anymore. Not a third. In addition to which I wouldn't be surprised if he takes it up the. That's what I heard. All right, Dale. Have a great day. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T, wireless, L.M. We're going to get any response here today. No, we're going to wake up the natives today. Oh, got the big hockey game tonight. Matthew, Newback Arena. It'll be my first event. I've been in there three times, but this will be my first time actually seeing a game. And the thing that really distresses me, my luck. My luck. I'm reading about the game tonight. And it says the rank and national car rental center will become a virtual test tube when the path is play the Carolina Huracunes tonight. In what is an NHL experiment that few members of the league seem to care for. The center red line won't be in use. I'll call it Chaki. I mean, give me a break. The one game experiment will be examined to determine if it leads to greater scoring. Panther coach Terry Murray hates the idea. Nice going Terry. Put on targets, sweetheart. I don't agree with it, Murray said there are too many bad habits taking out the red line. A stupid trial that will change evaluations on our defenseman. You couldn't fall to play if he gets caught on a break away tonight. Absolutely correct, sir. Put out wants to go to a hockey game where they got no center red line. And would it like change in the rules of making it up as they go along? Well, it's only an exhibition game. Would they're bad enough to begin with? So I think like maybe one period tonight and checking out the entire arena and the food stands and stuff like that. That'll be good enough for us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Let's go to even the guy from the fan and Denver didn't call back. So let's see between now and when we get the... They got nothing these people. We got a new CD, some crazy deal, but we got one. A new CD from crazy deal. What do I mean? I don't see a dude being... being watched. What is it? Sure, this for three. Yeah. Being watched. Just one about... Yeah, just one. Then I got more coming. I've got more coming. No budget. When the band is on to... Now it must be for me to take a set. I love it. Oh, maybe give me one more chance. And then it's after that. That wasn't bad enough that we opened up the paper this morning on a front page, which was it. They heard I guess? Now they're turned coat Willie Logan. Sparks is for a jet bush. There you go. He's all better to shape because he was too liberal for the Democrats up in tele-hassie. And so they pushed him. You know, too liberal. So he's going to endorse jet bush. That makes a lot of sense. Willie Logan, baby. He's the highest profile black Democrat to endorse jet bush. We got Jews for Bush, Schwarz is for Bush. And he, you know, they might as well call off the election because that Bubba there, buddy, McCay got two chances, none and much much less than none. So we don't have people anymore that stand on any kind of principle that stand for anything. It's all strictly a personal thing. You know, you picked me off so therefore I'm going to be a turncoat now. I'm going to, you know, even though it's totally a... Fries in the face of everything that makes sense for me. I'm going to support a right wing lunatic called Jet Bush. Nice going, Willie. You jackass. Now, what are these? What is this? What are we doing? Are we doing something new and different here today? Are we doing what? Something new and different that they all say anonymous. Is that what that is all about? Here's anonymous on five. Hello. Hello. What are we doing with these people? What are you doing in there? I just put them on hold. Yeah. And here's a telehassy, hello. Any else? Yes, sir. I listened only one of your just shows all the way through the religion show. And despite the fact that I actually went to synagogue yesterday, like the Great Deal. Yeah. I'm glad you're back though. Please, no more Michael Jackson. You're going to only take so much of that. Yeah. So actually, not in Michael Jackson's text five. I agree with you about politics and Florida. I didn't tell her I asked you or lived in Tel-Azure right now visiting down south. And if it's in a jet boy, you get elected. I want to get the hell out of that town before turns into, you know, before they stop putting up the camp. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. Pomp 5. 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. As the Neil Rogers show comes to a brutal screeching halt. This is the end this week. By the way, it's very fitting that yesterday was young keeper. Young keeper is over by the way. Now the coast is clear. Oh, too late. Don't make any difference. Does anybody care? No. 5. 6. 70. 0. 5. 60. Pomp 5. 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. While the other Toyota dealers advertised the QA. Don't worry. You're pretty other than my life with the WOD. Down, down, down, down, down, down. Mark is going down, down, down, down. Mark is going down, down, down, down. Mark, Mark in a town. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, my bro, girl is calling. And he's telling me the park is falling. Now he's standing by his window. Call and come and jump with me. My thoughts are so fading. Maybe there's no other safe being. The hit's the pain that I'm in the sun. Come and jump with me. Mark is Russian. My life is lasted before my very eyes. Stocks on, not been then, not been. Hope ever caught things up my side. Now I'm standing, 50 floors above where I'll be folded. Oh, why, profoundly I will be stranded. Coming, jump with me. Oh, I know the economy. Oh, my God. This is killing me. Yeah, we got about 70 down points already, and probably going to go for another 2,300 today before the day is out. Japan's are going to be another overnight. And Europe, I mean, Europe is really big time today. All over Europe, Germany, London, Paris, Zurich. And, you know, a couple of months ago, they were all telling us, well, baby, don't worry. We've already factored in the Asia factor, and the Russian factor, and don't worry about that. And Abby Joseph Cohen, a Korean-Mob dual Schwartz, was telling us, hey, don't worry about it. We're going to doubt 10,000 by then this year. We're like on a verge of a worldwide depression. And nobody wants to talk about it. And we're worried about the president's penis. And we got some jackasses out there in Denver, getting all better shaped because they know they're getting Jim Leeland. And we're not doing a sports show here between 10 and 2. And so George isn't going to sit there and head in. We've just taken them with amusement and amazement for 15 or 20 minutes because they want to whatever they want. In addition to which we fight out the DiGimli Leeland press conference coming up at 10.45, it was like, what did you call it? Tell a conference. Tell a conference. Which I don't understand what tell like this, but we're not going to get involved in that. So fact Josh Friedman, the formerly much-fatter Josh Friedman, is going to be calling us on a bat line to give us an instant. Instead of going on with that boring, on and on, and on, you know, everybody in their brother holds a press conference. And yeah, it's been nice having you here to the great job last year, two by the stuck in a bag and good luck in the Denver. And that's it, that's all it needs to be said. Here's a mobile in Coral Springs, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? Healthy New Year to you. Huh? Real quick, I went to Yusker Services yesterday and I walked in a little bit late and the rabbi is reading names. And he starts off with Sherry Lewis, which I figure, okay, fine. So, I'm going to ask you to come to Roy Rogers, Buffalo Bob Smith, and Frank Sinatra. Who are all Jewish of course? Of course. I'm surprised he didn't mention the Jews at Punch Sinatra's T-thousandestand hotel in the 60s. Yeah, I'm understanding, why are they having a Yusker Services for Graham? I obviously, they're closeted. Who's? Yep. Okay, thanks for that. Okay. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 2 a day. I've got news for Amanda's town is dried up like a gigantic prune. I must have demanded you know how much I love Amanda's on here. Yesterday going home and then going to the track and he was still doing the same topic for hours yesterday. Four hours that we're talking about. How many people are watching Monday and that football like they used to? Four hours of that. I could answer the question in 15 seconds because the game sucks. That's why I don't care how much hype and how much heck William's music you play and how much song to dance, how your package it. Well, what's the game gets on there? And forget about the pre game show, which is boring. The fact is that the quality of the NFL is garbage this year. It's getting worse and worse and worse. You can only have so many hundred teams until it gets to be crap. And when you've got the scheduling thing that they got where they have to schedule them like a year in advance and they want to put in these horrendous contests on their almost every week, guess what? Most people ain't watching anymore. Not really all that complicated. Here's a mobile pick report in Tamarack. Hello. Hello. I think it's actually called spring. Important. Either the course brings police for the state highway patrol has a stake out at the change booth off the sawgrass that Atlantic Boulevard. Yeah. He's hiding behind the parking lot. They're sticking out the change booth. The one cop is hiding behind the building. Yeah. As you throw the change in, he's got a walkie talkie and he's ready on the head to the cop at honor yard the way. I got news for the way this market is going. You're finding loose chains. This is the those booths at the box you grab it. It's unbelievable. It's hiding. Doping down behind the building. Yeah. He's out with new low. But everyone know out there. Thank you so much sir. Bye bye. God bless you. There you go. Covering yourselves accordingly. Okay. This police are out there watching you're at toll booth. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date. 560 560 560 560 on the ATT wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello Neil. I'm here. I haven't been here that long and I wanted to ask you a couple of questions. The first one is. Have you ever noticed that the Tony segretto looks like a mouse or rat? What's a nice question sir. The next question is what's the deal with this white loader Dale? Okay. We have an open line in Broward all of date. 560 and pound 560 on the ATT wireless line. I'm Tony Amanda's time. I'm going to tell you what. Let's have George do the show today in tomorrow. I'll go in there. I mean, I'm not swapping paychecks. I'll go in there and I'll answer the phones if any of them ring. They'll talk to you. They just don't want to talk to me anymore. It's very simple. Came back on Monday. Oh, we're so glad you're back. George did a pretty good job. But I mean, but we actually had a show here on Monday. But that was the end of that. And now they have got nothing to say about anything. They will not speak to this old fact for lover for money. If we had stuff to give away here today, which we damn sure are not going to do. They still wouldn't be calling because the gig and the gig is up. It's all over with, baby. So let's find out. You want to talk to George. Maybe George will talk to you. They even talked to him in there. They don't want to talk to me. You talk to him. 567. Welcome to the George Rodriguez show. I'm the board up. Oh, and by the way, if any of these sports facts that keep calling up. Think that I'm going to take an answer. They're crap off the air because we're not going to carry the teleconferent. That blow it out your ass. Exactly. Blow it out your ass. We'll give you the instant. We'll give you the instant replay. We'll give you the highlights. We'll give you a thumbnail summary. This isn't a goddamn sports show. The worst mistake I ever made in my life was coming to work on a goddamn sports station with these sports nerds that dominate this place 24 hours a day, which that's all that they know about life. And if there's anything else you might want to. And if you did want to talk about sports, they don't know what they're talking to. Anyway, that's the amusing thing. We got the baseball playoff going on here. I guarantee you even as much as this gust as I've had with baseball since the strike four years ago. That's a great opportunity. I follow more of it. No more about it than 99% of you assholes out there who consider yourselves sports fans. That's just a bunch of overgrown kids. Oh my team's veteran year is in a jet suck in the dolphin suck and a heat sucks in the Nick suck. Everybody sucks. Open line in the Broward all three and day five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line is I celebrate my own young keeper, baby. And it's a whole week of it. You talk about getting punished by. Oh God. This is a faith worse than God damn death here this week. Makes me to ecstatic that I came back from vacation. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is O.D. man. I'm in a five-door. Okay, great. Open lines in Broward two and day five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Call Gables. Hello. Call Gables. Okay. Move it right along. Mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow, are you doing today? What can we do for your sir? I just wanted to comment about the way George was doing the show the other day. Uh-huh. He sounds like a fag man. What's going on with that? Okay. Open line in day one in Broward five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, George, they're a great job of the, a great job of the, a pretty quick one of these in there. You should have more often when you're gone. And I think I'm going to have it more. I'm like I said, I'm going to go in your depth at the commercial break. I'm going to run to board. Let him do the goddamn show. This audience does not want to speak to me anymore. I can take a hint. Doesn't bother me. I'll take the paycheck. I'll show up every day. He's better than ninety nine percent of the other talks to host some kind. Right. You got to go in the middle of the show today. You want him doing the show today? No, no, no. Why not? I'll see the game night. Maurice, drop it. Yeah, Marty had a nice game last night for the penguins. They're going to be really bad this year by the way, the penguins. How about those maple leaves underfeated, baby? I'm going one, a beat. Montreal, four, three, and overtime last night without Matt Sundine. It was in Sweden for his grandpa's funeral. How do you like that? I like it. Means nothing. Ever great at that pal. See you there tonight. Yeah, with no red line at sunrise. You're going to have George do the show. We're going to have a little reversal here on this. I'm not joking at all. I'm not going to sit here and do this every day. They don't want to speak to me. That's fine. No problem. I'll show up every day prepared to do a show. If they don't want to speak to me, they'll talk to George. I'll talk to Rob Kaplan. Talk to Rob. He'll come out of the closet on here. He'll tell you some stories. I mean, these people are just, this town is amazing to me. And instead, what we're getting is a lot of abuse from assholes. We're all bent out of shape because we're not curing Jim Lee Lensduper. Pres conference at 1045. We already know Jim Lee Lensduper. Don't wait for me. What's the big deal with that? Does anybody care about the Marlins anyway? No. This is the interesting part of the whole deal. Here is a guy. Here's an owner that took a world championship team. Stad the fans in the back. Screwed everybody dismantled it. Had a record of 54 wins and 108 defeats. A disgrace. Nobody cared. I talked about in the beginning of the summer beginning of baseball season back in April. Nobody cared. Listen to this station 24 hours a day. You couldn't find 10 people. I really had any. It couldn't give a crap less about the Marlins or what Wayne Heisenga did to them. And now because we're not going to start interrupt this guy Damn high price show here. And stick a guy damn stupid. The teleconference on there with Jim Lee Lensduper. All of a sudden I'm a bad guy. Well, blow it out your ass. Okay. Okay. Okay. There you go. Thank you. Well, the press conference. Are we going to carry it? No. All right. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. We're going to go to the right. We're going to carry it. So we found out what it was. A teleconference. When people are like an interactive thing. That's going to drone on and be uh huh. And we'd have to drop the lay and everything. Right. And they have to be a whole big saw to dance. Why should we do that when Josh Friedman can call in Fats. So when actually I do something constructive. And give us luck at the moment. We all know he's going to Colorado. He's leaving the Marlins. He's going to be our rock. He's nuts. And let me say it for the 500th time. Did anybody ever call us same thing to you with the Marlins? No. Does anybody who listens to the show care about the Marlins? No. That's a big problem. It'll give Barry Jack as something to write about and they're here all the more. Oh, what a disgrace to the sports station. Didn't carry Jim Lealon's press cover because that fat bag is on the middle day. Well, let me tell you something from one fat bag to another Barry. Too bad. Here's my mebeach with seven questions, Maris. Hello. My mebeach. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I got two sad predictions to make. Yeah. Sorry. You'll be off the air by New Year's Eve. Yeah. Yeah. You're friends. Clinton, no B ship. I guess what you'll be dead. You'll be dead by the before New Year. And you know what we'll have a party. Oh, Bubba and I are both coming. They said you're great. Okay. You'll park $5000, but $5000. Like I don't remember the voices. Like I don't know who this is. This loser who claims he goes to the track. They wouldn't even let you win the pump at a park. Sir, we were desperate for people. Then we wouldn't let you win. Open line and Broward all of a day. That's what we got. We got the drugs. You know something? I'm not going to win. I'm playing music. That's the best we got here on this radio station this audience. We got Vincent yesterday. We got this guy. We got Andy from Hollywood with another fact. We got 50 cranks out there. 50 cranks. And that's all we got on this radio station. I can be a thick. What do you think they're not watching money and football? You think it's that free game show? I think Frank Geffer's getting old. I think he's getting anything. I think he's getting anything. Four hours of that yesterday. I mean, man, they tried to love you. But four hours. How come you're not watching that crap? I swear to God. I swear to God. I swear to God. But they're enjoying it. I swear to God. I swear to God. This is our way. It's called Gebel. Shall I? Yes, sir. It's good. It's what? You're a cool geber. What are you with? Okay. They're a geber. You got the happy time for you. Yeah. So obviously, this time is just a filming at the mouth that I'm back. I've never had such a welcoming response in my life. And 50 years of being on a year here. And a listen. Uh, is it? And here that you might start a decent event for a dolphin? Uh, a funnick? Yeah, I'm going to be the, I'm going to be the tiger. Yeah. And you? Yeah. We love you. Oh, oh. It's my life. And we do it. And it's me. It will be done if you have to. What happened to Fath John? Shall we busy? You died? Oh, oh. But you're right. We have an open line in Broward to a day five six seven five sixty pound five six the on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. You know, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I was a good show. I don't see life. I forgot to tape because I was at the track losing 57 bucks. I was pretty good to. I had Jeremy Roanick. I don't know who he was going to fight with. But it was guy with a map. And they were saying chicken ass chicken ass chicken ass chicken ass. I didn't think he could put that on the seat. Well, the CBC they were saying Sates that I'd be for. They probably they got the I. Oh, yeah. They don't monkey around. I'm kind of a pansy network. I thought I looked all the way back. I didn't know they could see that. I didn't know they could see that. I didn't know. He could see it on the radio. Right. But I can't up there on the CBC man. I knew they'd never get the CV air Canada center when you're up there. Well, what do you mean? I see that. I don't see that. I don't see that. I don't see that. I don't see that. Well, I see it from the outside. It's coming along good. But it's still got a long ways to go. It's not going to be very little a little February. Yeah, I go up there a month. I was just going to check it out like so. You know, working. What's the number for your CDs? I want to get the number is. The number is, uh, Broward number 563. 3600. That number be working starting tomorrow. Thank you very much. You're absolutely. And back to you. See you around. Open on a date. Open on his growr. 567. 560. Correct that music up there. We'll try. Yeah. We're kicking some serious ass baby. New format on a show. We're kicking these TV people out. They don't know it yet. Kick an RSA. So whatever happened with Zickshots. Big meeting the other day that we never heard any report on. Or is that all about? They shouldn't in their real tight lift. Well, seriously, I mean, you walk on in here. We've all these other people. These underlings that had to work on though, you know, they're peeing in their pants. They're having a nervous breakdown. Poor David is so paranoid. And there you look at him cross up. Oh, what did I do? What are we all getting fired? They're all so scared. They're all goddamn shadow. What's the story? What's the deal now? What's the deal now? What's the deal now? Huh? Yeah, it's right now. Not a week from circus right now. We want to know. Come on, Kaplan. You're ju-bet? I guess the- I guess the go on the guest mic. Yeah, one the guest mic. Yeah, one the guest mic. Yeah, they're going to get- Would you see it, guest mic? This is a radio station. This is a goddamn salami factory in here. Starting Monday, will we on the 10th 30? What are they going to put on mash again at 9.30? Checkerboard thing. What? What could he do? Tell me. Starting Monday. He only starting Monday. Okay, great. Okay, great. Okay, great. Okay, great. Okay, there you go. There's Rod for us. Didn't need to go in there. It's going to say, oh no, that's not acceptable. No, he didn't. Like I- like I totally, I think, totally. I think, let's see, October 25th. That sounds more realistic. And then David says to me that, oh, the rumor is that you want to get it off. You want to, well, we're going to have that come from. Who said that? I want to get rid of the TV show. It's pre-publicity. Is it helping us? No. Of course now. We came by a call on this show. The numbers look pretty good there, but you know something the cue went down. If the TV show were helping us and finding us new audience, the cue would have to be going up. We'd have to be reaching a lot of new people. But the cue is going down. We got that old chronic that wants to bet me $50 million about the Clinton being out of office. And then I'm going to croak by New Year's, what I got Vincent. And we got Andy and Holly Wood and Mitch the Miss Fit. And what else do we got? And that little bunch of Cubans, your friends, your friends, your friends, your friends, yours. And then we got Ron with his pro-zac. And that's it. That's all we got left. Because we're on a goddamn sports station. That's the reason. I'm sitting here doing a goddamn show every day. I'm doing my thing. Oh, I'm not. Fins sports stations. What we're on. We got assholes from the fan and Denver call getting better shape and bitch in Georgia because we don't want to sit and finger fork with them on the phone. We don't want to finger fork on a phone. A bunch of assholes over there. Oh, Jim Leeland comes out there in Iraqis over there. We got damn game. That's what I hope. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a show idea for you. Thank you. Young Skipper. You have one? I show idea. You're going to take a rubber chicken from God's Cave. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line in Brower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Rubber chicken on the head. That would be good. Huh? What is it? We have Donnie B. What's your re-uh? Okay. Here's Donnie B. With the inside poop. How are you? Oh, God. Come on, Donnie. Jim Leeland. Jim Leeland will not be returning the Florida Marlins. Oh, I tell ya. Yeah. I was shocked. I thought it'd be coming back. Yeah, sure. I thought it on the outside chance. You're a little slow, yeah. He's coming back in a black body kind of looking like Dan Rather in the storm. Go ahead, Donnie. Which will think it? But he's grateful to the organization and the fans. He said they want to Colorado. No, no, he said he hasn't talked to anybody. He will not talk to his wife. No, he says he hasn't talked to anybody. He's going to take his to lie. No, Jim Leeland hasn't talked to anybody. He is a man of his word if nothing else. No, I appreciate it. Are you or such a suck who? No, he really is. What are you auditioning to replace guilty now? Is that it? Oh, come on. Come on, Neil. Go ahead, Donnie. He's appreciates everything that Wayne and Don's. My only did for me was very impressive. John Henry, us with John Henry, and which is everybody the best. But at this point, he's going to just. He said it was a major decision for him to him. This was shocking the world that he wasn't coming back because to him. You know, to him, it's a shock that he's not coming back. I mean, he, he feels like he made your. He comes as a great shock to me. Maybe he's on. But yeah, no plans at this time. He said he hasn't talked to anybody. But he will. He will talk to people and see what happens. Yeah. But at this point, you know, he's going to sit by the phone. He doesn't have to manage this year, but he will. Right. He's going to sit by the phone. Wait for the phone to ring. Exactly. You got to go to the phone and over the phone like Glenn Campbell, right? Right. And, you know, he's a Ryan Stone cow. Boys and sit there and wait for the offer's a poor end. Doesn't matter if it's a L or N. He's a kosher cow boy. Oh, boy. So basically, that's it. The biggest decision to Marlon history right now, Jim Leeland, leaving the organization. Oh, God. All right. The way you put that is so dramatic. I'm just almost spent at this point. You know, the most momentous. Okay. I thought that maybe like the sale of the team would be a little more more. Do you think so? Well, the sale of the team without Jim Leeland, I think this is bigger Jim Leeland. Because he's not going to be here. He's going. So in other words, if John Henry comes along and we build a new stadium and he actually spent some money and get a couple of pictures on there that that's not more important than having Jim Leeland. Is that what you're saying? I don't want to argue with you, don't know. I'm not going to make sure I understand what you're saying. But that's the expert. That that hasn't happened. You demand. That hasn't happened yet. Yeah. Right. I mean, so that this point is the biggest decision. That's right. Up to this moment. Yeah. Yeah. And the biggest announcement. We didn't have to announce that they were winning the world. Now, is that bigger world? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He's shocked by that. Well, because he is pretty giving, isn't he? He's pretty free with the money. That's it. He says, no matter really, nationally, or American League, for all those who say he doesn't want to manage in the American League, it just really depends on the job. And if the right one comes along, they'll take it if not, who will wait, you know, a couple years or next year and so forth. And he's out. And he's out. He doesn't really impress with John Henry, but he didn't really want to wait for the time to want to wait for the time table to rebuild again. Right. Okay. Thanks, Donnie. No problem. Thank you, no. Okay, 1057 at 560W, can some of the reactions in Jim Lee Lensland are you shocked? Oh, yeah, are you in this moment this? I don't know if I'm going to be able to continue throughout the day. We're just trying to build this a little tiny bit of momentum there. Poilo, trap the cows got a lot of money. No, you can take the state conceal weapon permit course for only $30 off. Come to the Miami, Gajo this weekend before the new gun laws go into effect. Miami, Gajo. Open all day, Saturday and Sunday this weekend at the Coconut Grove Convention Center. All right. Poity QAL. The Neil Rogers Shutlaterdale. I would, John, it really gets my panties and a while. If you're a young, beautiful girl who's at least an eight out of ten and has about the same score for IQ, Bill Clinton has a place for you. It's the school for under-privileged kids building immediate learning. Chuck Bill, for sure. At Chuck Bill, your little girls will be educated in all the fine arts that will make them a success in today's Clinton world. Bill enjoys such guest teachers as Ted Kennedy. This semester will be broken up into webbed into pots. We will be doing giggling and jiggling at which one do you girls have but want to start with? You're a little kid. You're a little kid. You're a little kid. You're a little kid. But are a little assured on brains. Chuck Bill will give you all the skills you need to go down all the way to the top. I'm sorry little girl, what did you say? I said, how am I doing, Mr. Kennedy? I yep, dear. Think you're getting the point to quite well. Chuck Bill or someone else will call today. 11, 0, 3, at 5, 60, WQM, we got Hank Goldberg, a Tula State 2 or 2 o'clock. We got my schedule says, book camper. They were saying maybe in the morning show. We got an orange show. We got an old schedule, right? A Kimbo or a man, it's somebody who gets it. So clocking in, a panther's in a hurricane. Pocky, 7, 15, tonight. With Randy Molar and old what's his name? More on, we old him. Well that's right, he's back now. That's his an omen for good things. We have an open line of day, what in Broward? Five city, pump, 50, animal, one line. That was down 150. I was the European market, stuck a huge market, stuck a huge dump today. One of verge of a worldwide recession or depression or worse. I don't know what's worse, but we'll figure it out. And we'll worry about his gym leader. That was emotional at Donnie V Performance Man. That day, I said we get him an Oscar, something for that. That was very emotional. Nice going, Donnie. Here's homestead, hello. Neil God. Yes sir. I got something of serious consequences to all of self-law to the community. Yes, pretty sure you won't know. It is dramatic, your gym leader. And I don't think he's not coming back to the morning. Oh, they don't give a crap about their fans. They're like big government as long as they keep paying the money. They don't really care what they're paying. They don't give a flying crap as over the years. They just want the money and that's out. Why we're all in a recession right now because the big business is just taking too much of cream and it's in a pocket. What I got to tell you is about the nuclear reactor in Cuba, the building. Nuclear nuclear? Nuclear. Yeah. Excuse me sir. We should be doing all weekend to make that reactor run as clean and as efficient as possible. I don't want to say lift embargo or anything but at least help them and do some research or do some testing on this reactor. Try your operators. Make this thing so it don't blow up and just... In fact, we ought to probably have like a seminar where we ought to get the Sodom who's saying and fiddle together and kind of like, you know, make sure they got all the good stuff. Did I? I'm done on the oil. I'm talking to the drain all together. Mm-hmm. Okay. We're thanks for the brain surgery. We have two surgery. We have two open lines in date, 560 and 550, 60 and 550 and 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Me, you? Yes sir. Hey, this is O.J. I'm out here now. Yeah, okay. Nice drive pal. Second one of the day. Blow it out your ass, O.J. Hey, here's one for you. Open line and grower one in two and a day. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. West Miami, hello. West Miami. Going once. Going twice. 13 minutes and 44 seconds and long gone. O.J. I'll be in Hollywood just in time to say, hey Neil, I'll be by. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, how are you doing? Okay sir. Listen, I usually agree with you, but I disagree with, uh, affect you putting down Ross for O. He's only one who, uh. He's full of crap. He's a little torpe who has nothing to say about anything. He's an idiot. And all those people who supported him and worked for him found out what a phony he was and that's why all his organization suspended and they all left and walked away and discussed when they found out what a little e-gateshistical phony tourpy was. I worked for him. Yeah. And I'm feeling the report party. What you must be the one left. You must be the before and party. Uh, at least he gave us the party to be a winner. He didn't give you crap. Okay. All he did was give you his ego and sit there and pacificate and talk about your brain generality about rolling up your sleeves and dusting off the old studies. He didn't know his ass from your elbow. Okay. He's the only one who would give us two numbers. He would just see if he would be the only one who wouldn't. Who would? Who numbers about what? About the deficit. What the point to who? We still have a 4.23 billion dollar a set. Yeah. I mean, trillion dollar. Yeah. And where did that come from? Yeah. From the Democrats and their Republicans for 30, 40 years. Uh huh. And that's how we not Ross P. Well, let me say it's again, do you see? You're the only one left in the campaign. So have a great time. You would Ross and Larry King. Have a great life together. Uh huh. Open line and Broward to and date 56050560 on a mobile. Mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Okay. You see a mobile in four miles, hello. Deal. How you doing? Okay. I missed you. I wanted to tell you there was a, a few down in four miles a wasn't it sure. And stuff today off. Great. Nice going. That's me. All right. Beautiful. It's good enough for Hank to go to the track yesterday. Take him to the off. It's good enough for you and four miles. Other fat. Hey, golly does with bet. That he's down. You know what you ate. Yeah. You, uh, fast. Did I fast? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Sure. I believe that. Yeah, right. Who is that last guy on the call? If you can't say depth, they're correctly. Shouldn't be calling and talking about politics. Who? Who? We have an open line in date one in Broward five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Oh, these, these, these are just like yesterday all over again. Like, I thought that, uh, young keeper at something to do with it. That had nothing to do with it. This is just our new deal now. We just talked about those for four hours every day as opposed to the great intellectuals. I used to talk. But then I used to talk to great intellectuals. No. Come on. Oh, sure. I did. Back in those days when I used to talk to the old people, those were the great to help out. Neil. That's what I'm going back to. You bet. We're going to get the doggy doctor on here. We're going to start doing that old stuff again. As you people suck, here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you doing? Great. Is all your loyal Jamaican listeners? Yeah. And, uh, just have a glory whole update for you. Come with cattle and wood's to believe. Look for the left and there's a huge hole. And there's nobody in there but I plug it up anyway. Okay. Congratulations to you, sir. What do you say went to Prince Hamlet and he stuck it in the, uh, something? The open line at Broward 2 and Day, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six and pound five, six, six, six, six on the mobile one. Anybody know what these people are talking about? No. Eight minutes after 11 of QM field. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, push. Hi. Come on. How are you? I mean, are you a real raving homosexual? Good. Then you've probably got excellent sense of fashion and cheekles fashion design needs you. Everybody knows that the only good fashion designers are women and overly flamboyant queer men. Straight men. Have the fashion sense of a slog. Because only when you've been butt loved by another man, do you truly understand that you've got to make do with what you got and make it really beautiful? So, if you're a little light in the loafers, good for you. Come on over to my place tonight and we'll explore your wild side. But if you're a super homo catcher, gay boy, skip on down to Chico's fashion design and show the rest of the world that just because you like to kneel, doesn't mean that you can't be on top of the wearer. It's 113 at 560 WQM outside of that whammy thing. That whole operation is turned out to be a real weiner. We have two open lives in date 560 and pump 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Port Charlotte. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? How you doing, sir? All right. I least believe in, yeah, I used to live in Miami years ago. And I'm planning to move them back to leave here and I'll be here. Oh, God. Boy, I can't imagine anybody doing that. Sir, I can't stand this old ass town. You don't understand this. You've never been to Charlotte County apparently. I've been through it. Real fast. Oh, God, Neil. You don't blink. Don't blink if you come to this town because that you are. Well, I'll tell you, since we got back on a year and four Myers man, a response has been under wild thing. That's the problem. I think putting this back in four Myers is what killed us. Do you know what? Do you believe or not? I can pick you up in my car radio. But I listen to you more times than I listen to you on the internet. I am a certain size Dominican. Yeah. And I just want to, I do have a question though about this Saturday, which board is bookstore and fundraiser board are you going to be at? That's okay. Okay. Noon, the two. Noon, the two. Okay, I just fly to you. Okay, I just fly to you. Okay, I just fly to you. Okay, I just fly just want to make sure. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised at all. Audient shows up. I wouldn't be on probably 40 50 people. Well, listen, you got my vote there. Okay. I want to reiterate what those colors did before. I mean, I was flipping channel last night myself and rock pro is an apple. I mean, I'm tired of Larry King bringing him on. But he that little midger makes it make the act of it. Yeah, I'm sorry King would stop putting him on. He would just go away and do everybody a favor. But you know, Larry, he must be alone in 50 dollars as long as he's 50 dollars. No way. He's going to have Larry's baby next. Okay, I'll have a great play. Okay, we have all the deadlines wide open here. 5 6 70 5 60. Pond. See, that thing about the Q me know, I said here and thinking about that. They're certain, they're certain, they're certain places where they're like an unlimited basically number of potential listeners. But when you look at the demographics of this market, you know, you got to realize that I've been here long enough. I've saturated this market. In other words, everybody who might ever listen to this show, they already either are listening or not as the case may be. And that's it. Because when you when you start eliminating, you know, just by process of elimination. The enormous chunks of people who are never going to listen to this station or this radio show or any English language show. I mean, there's no chance those people are gone and they're always going to be gone. As opposed to being like an living and breathing place, we're almost everybody speaking in ways. And there's a possibility that someday somehow you might actually expand your horizon and start talking to new and different breathing people. So here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. You know, this town has nothing to offer, but your roots out there. Yeah. You might as well get the doggy book out and see who's free to dog is smarter. You know, we get more response with that. I'll guarantee that. I went, uh, puts open line and Broward and the all two of the day, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, the mobile one line. Yeah, you're real funny, pal. I'll tell you. I'll write about you and my memoirs. Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Mobile and bokeh. Hey, nail. Yes, sir. Yeah, when it comes to Clinton, uh, have you been wearing your presidential knee pads, too? When it comes to Clinton, what does that have to do? What is what I'm doing? Have to do with Clinton, sir. Well, if you know like three. Yeah, blow it out your ass. Open line and Broward, five, six, seven. See, let me say it again. They're all listening. They're all listening, including this guy. Every single day of his life up there in bokeh. Or wherever it is, because he can't really get a job in a real place. So he's in bokeh. He's on the periphery of like a real market. Sweet water. But he's up there, listen, air me God damn day. But he's got nothing to say. So air me call to this show. Is another homophobic shot. God, God, for this bag at honor radio. Because we're else with assholes like him, have an outlet for his, whatever it is, his sputum. Right. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. God, how are you doing? I'm doing okay. Ah, this town man is sicker than ever. It must have taken sick pills that week I was gone. Hey, you realize you're the only ones in the yellow page. You don't have a number in the yellow pages. Who doesn't have a number? So, that'd be QA. Of course, because that might cost extra. You'd expect them to do that to you. Yeah, yeah. And then I haven't heard you talk about a carbohydrates lately. All the economic indicators we've got low unemployment, low inflation. We have about a beat, but a boat, but a, and they're not one of not any single one of them has got any idea what they're talking about. Even though they can dazzle you with their bullcraft and with their alleged knowledge, they don't know what they're talking about. Including Abby Joseph, Jarene, Karimma, Jibara, Schwartz Cohen at the Goldman Sachs. Oh, yeah. They're no problem. That's 10,000. Maybe that's 1000. Maybe she's got an extra. Maybe that's the problem. So, why don't want to suggest that you should start hoarding cash like we're also in like now? But that might be a real good idea. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Any idea of first-class wallet? All right. Two things. First of all, they were talking about cars. I've been listening to you for about six months. And I heard about the Actions. I was 322 pounds when I started. I'm down this year. 71. My cholesterol was at 302. She's going to line hard attack. Yeah. And I'm down to like 2-16. On the Actions? My doctor told me not to do it, not to do it. That thing was going to kill me. Here's an asshole, man. He is. I told you know what? Here's a result. Just what? I'm getting a new dog right. I know what you're talking about. Excellent. Second of all, I got a cure for your demographic problem. Yeah. Learn Spanish. Oh, yeah, right. I have a Spanish show. No, no. No, no. I'm not going to. I like Google. I like you. I'm speaking English. I'm speaking English. I'm calling it. Can I eat you a little ticket? I'll stick to you old V. This, yeah. All right. There you go. There's a great call for you. Uh-huh. First time caller can be hit me up for those tickets. No, I'm going to say them for somebody who doesn't speak English. We have an open line in day one in Broward. 5-6-7-0-5-16, pom-5-60 on a mobile one line. How many per would we got? Let's go to homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a new lift. I don't want to let you know because you said earlier that you need to. I'm letting you know that I'm a new lift and I will be calling. And I'll be to show. That's all. Okay. Thank you. All right. Okay. There you go. Here's a guide on in homestead to the time out from his latest picking to call us. We have two open lines in day five six seven or five sixty and pom-5-60 on a mobile one line. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I haven't called you since you've left IOD. But I've been listening to you and all that. I just want to mention something that our deficit has been cleared. Now we have surplus except if you have to get that we have since the Ronald Reagan was purchased. I think all those Ronald Reagan were to say that you were. Okay. Listen, come here. You get what I go back to IOD. We have an open line in Broward. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pom-5-60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Yes, sir. Okay. I saw the best bumpers picker I've ever seen. Yeah. Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you're an asshole. Oh, yeah. That's all that. Oh, it is. And I've got a promotion idea for you. Yeah. You know those WWJD. Great hook. How about WWND. WWJD? What would Jesus do? All those things, yeah. What would that be? Yeah. WWND. Okay. Thanks. We'll get our crack promotion department on there right away. Hear that Sam? Sam, let's think? No. Sam's out on, he's out on another vacation this the next couple of months. A couple of years. Our crack promotion department. Don't forget all this stuff for set of one. It's going on. We couldn't have done it without Sam and Louanne. Screw Anne. We'll be doing borders over by the gallery. And noon to two this Saturday. And then the pizza loft. And over on University Drive. And they be. Next Tuesday, 6-8 in the P.M. At the World Famous Pizza Loft. We always have a good time over there. Anybody going to show up this time? No. Well, we'll see. Then we'll find out if we got anybody out there, which I have my doubts. Just amazing. Go away for one week. Nine days. Everything was rolling along. Singin' a song. Been kind of a desperate summer. But not the worst ever. We somehow were managing. Come back here. And it's like somebody just pulled a plug. When you pull that plug out of the bathtub. And all the water just go, just get sucked right down there. Like one big gigantic suck job. Here's Pemberg Pine. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. You're going to the game tonight, right? Yes, sir. I'm trying to get tickets. Do you know if they have another bag? Yeah, they do. Oh, they do. I don't know about for the exhibition game. I would assume they do. They haven't for all the other games. Yeah, I'd be good. Yeah, a bit to do arena. I mean, let me take a look at the thing here. Okay. Tickets about 3,000 remain as all it says. But it doesn't tell you anything about the, uh... Yeah, it doesn't tell the price for anything. But they got tickets left. That's good. I've been there once hockey fast. It was great. I'm just glad we got a great place to go now. I just hope we have a product on the ice. No, I don't think so. Nothing at all. Let's a lot of these young kids. I mean, they're talking about this Nilsen kid and at the parish kid. And, you know, we keep hearing about all these kids in the organization. And then they had a big article about Radak, the Borak yesterday, about how he's matureing and he's a leader. You know, he showed me nothing last year. So it sounds to me like a lot of the same BS, but I'm hoping for the best. Oh, yeah, I mean, let me put it this way. I've worked on the store. So this way, we have all the other teams out there look far too. Yeah, yeah. There you go. That's all we have. Okay, pal. Thank you. I'll see you there tonight. We have an open line in Broward one in date. 560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Hi, Neo. Two weeks ago, the Miami Harrow's put out a 1998 answer book. And in the middle is a page called Help. Got a problem and you don't know who to call. They have abused neglected children, and a local control. And in the middle of everything is deal Rogers. It just struck me so funny. What do you mean by that? Your name is listed under the health section. People should call you. Oh, for mental health, yeah. I don't know. It says, like, if you want to know about the bus schedule job, but you're the only person listed there. No, where was this? It's 1998, Amphiborca. It was put out two weeks ago by the Miami Harrow. It has all important information, libraries, hospitals, whatever. What we just said, you're confident. Sure, that would be great. All right. They probably have like a little swastika next to my head on the record. No, we may hear it. Okay, have a great day. Thank you, bye. Thank you so much. Okay, what was she saying? What's that all about? Okay, we have an open line in Broward two in date, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. 1126 on QA, Mphiborca. Yeah. Why am I saying that? Oh, thank you for calling the G-rated sex line. Oh, baby, kiss my. Beanie, baby. Oh, what you're tongue in my head, beater. Oh, oh, that's it. Oh, yeah, baby. You know how to win at Bingo. Oh, that might have been a good idea. That might have been a good idea. That might have been a good idea. Oh, yeah. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, you're. Melobu can is so hard. Oh, oh, give me your library card. Yes. Yes. Yes. Red my head. Now put your pencil sharpener in my microwave oven. That did. That did. Oh, I love your hand. Oh, yes. I'm going shopping. I'm a lumberjack. I'm taking a Latin class. Oh, oh, oh. Man arrested and undercover sex thing at mall. Oh, oh. And you'll ever guess which mall it is, by the way. They don't think that in the turret. Couldn't he Westland could it? Oh, no. Highly a police arrest at a 60 year old man who they say, what is that? What kind of a fax is it? Something an undercover officer to perform a sexual act in return for money while the two were at a Westland mall restroom last week. Oh, he detective John Rodey said an officer spotted a posting on the internet September 22nd, touting the food court restroom at the mall, 1635 West 49th Street as a meeting place for game and looking for anonymous sex. With backup officers want backup, officers watching from cars in the mall's parking lot, Rodey said that he slowly drove past the food court hospital in the morning, and that was a very important conference where Jose Narangio of 147, 48 Southwest 175th Street was standing. When he saw me looking at him, he made eye contact and grabbed his crotch, said Rodey a robbery detective. Rodey parked the car, walked past Narangho and entered the food court restroom with the Rangio allegedly following. The manager was on zip-to-span, started fondling himself and asked Rodey to perform oral sex and he had a rest of the room. The Rangio said it was too hot in the restroom and the two instead agreed to meet a day deserted parking lot across the street from the mall. Once in a parking lot Narangio stepped into Rodey's unmarked police car, unzipped his pants again and started touching himself. That's where Rodey arrested him. He was charged with exposure of sexual organs, Lordering and prowling and solicitation. The Rangio complained of chest pains. A block away from the mall, he was then taken to date County jail. What's his guy's name again? Jose? Mall officials did not return across seeking comment. Rodey said police will continue to monitor the mall for similar activities that's over in Westland. That's where they're doing it, baby. All those holios, all those book at once. That's right, those book at once. They're doing it over there in Westland. By the food court, that's the hot spot. T-rooms at Westland. Two open lines in date County. The police will be right there. The police will be right there. The police will be right there. They will be right there. It's a side of the Westland. Give us a call and date 560-5050-60. On the mobile one line, Alan Greenspan speaking on Capitol Hill. But it was. And while he's speaking in the New Markets going down and down. Down, 166 on the Dow down 63. And a half on the Nasdaq. Down and down. He's going by the beat. But about. I want to turn. Actually, question. Now that Leeland has gone, do you think that they'll bring back John Bowles? John Bowles. Yeah, remember, any managed for like half a season when they fired and all that. There we're talking about bringing back Renee Latchman. Can you believe that? Yeah, but I thought he'll come back. He's happy and then goes. Yeah. I mean, why would he want to come back? Nobody cares, bro. Nobody cares. Okay, date County's wide open 560-5050-60 and 550-60 on the mobile one line. Are we going to talk about Jim Leeland today? No. You'll bet your sweet ass. Okay, that's our pull question. You want Christina Moore and Boogshami back because if they were here doing mid. Boogshami then press comfortably then press conference. In fact, it probably still would be on. That's right. That's our pull question. The rest of the day today. You want Chris Moore and Boogshami back here in midday on QAN. Don't forget the sports night. And the sports night. We have to bring her back to okay. The sports bitch, the fabulous sports bitch. 560-5050-60 on a mobile one line. Lake Worth. Hello. Yeah, right. I'm going to make you an offer. You can't refuse. Yeah. Because I want those tickets. I was in the Garth Fawth. Okay. We have an open line at Broward all three lines. We don't have any tickets. Okay, sir. We don't have any goddamn tickets. It was a joke. We don't have any tickets. We've got important fish to fry here today. These people, man, you are the most unbelievable crowd that anybody in the human race has ever seen in their lives. All I got to do is whisper if I have a fart. And say, oh, maybe there's a ticket there that just blew out of my... Right away, they're on the phone for it. No tickets. No ticket. No tissue. No wash, okay, sir. I got two tickets for the game tonight. They're mine. And I'm using them, okay. And butt out. I'll take those tickets. Okay. Yeah, right. Take this. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. First of all, baseball's for fang. Yeah. Second of all, if you don't have any tickets, why would anybody... But alright. Why would you be wasting your time calling, right? Good question. You must have nothing else to do, right? Open line and Broward one in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. He's listed this show. Does that make him gay? I think that answers the question. See at Westland, pal. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. See you. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. A couple things. I just, real quick, there's going to be a documentary. Next was there, whatever on Cassina, on Vegas, on Sunday, and discovered channel on them, if you saw it. In April, day? Well, I'd like to post that to Dr. Minnery. Yeah. The one called Cassina, and the one I've got called Hyrule, is Vegas, that's just a morning past, long youth. Great. Another thing, I was walking in my apartment complex today, and they came to you guys. On their bikes, I'm an extraordinary without knocking on doors. One of the job is witnesses. One thing I do, I'm just trying to say, how I could morning. Hi, we're from the street, Jesus Christ of Saturday, saying, Well, I know what's right. Would you be interested in that's a normal case? Oh, the serve you've been saved, get no, no, no, no. No. No. Like that's what I'm saying. I'd just say no, man. No. It's fine. I heard daily guy trying to tell you those data that one guy was trying to say, oh, well, if you agree with us, you must be saving themselves. I understand that. Yeah. It's the other thing, you know. You're dealing with stupid brainwash people, pal. It's no funny message. Yeah, they kind of noticed something about my brother. He doesn't like me saying, God damn Jesus Christ, all of all, whatever. Yeah. We've never been ever just family at all. At all. And all of a sudden now. You've probably a latent homosexual is what it sounds like to me. Have a great day, pal. All right. And if you invite you to take a shower, just say, No, we have an open line in the Broward, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line, 23 till noon. Okay, it's on 42 at 560, WQM wouldn't be something if they brought back Renee. No. Open line in Broward, 560 does anybody care? No. I sure don't. 560, 560 on a mobile one line. How about those tickets offered at Panther game, and let's go? Here's Miami. Hello. All right. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Okay. Just keep me in sync, and I got to turn on the radio. Yeah. Yeah. Time's up. Okay. Open line in day one in Broward, 560, almost sounded like Gilbert. Oh, that was Gilbert's, illegitimate brother. Here's like words. Hello. Hey, Amy, let's go on. I must. I wanted to tell you, those people that give, to the food and stuff, the humans, they're burning all over there. They got to be crazy. Because the people are now going to get it. The Cuban, communist, they're going to sell it. So the person's going to pay the highest money for. Yeah. Damn, shame. Yeah. But the people that give that food, they're going to get it. Yeah. They don't see it. What does that have to do with anything? What does that have to do with the price of peanuts? I'm saying that people that need the food aren't going to get it. And people don't see it. The lot of starving people in Africa, what about those people, starving people in Bangladesh, what about them? People don't care. Yeah. People don't care. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Thanks for the uplifting message, sir. All right. I feel better now. God. Thank God. We have an open line in Broward. 530 was some other reason that people were going to get it. But he's got a good point there. People just don't give a crap. All right. 560, 560, 560 out of mobile one line. I want to have a really great week to my life. I don't even have a diary. But I'm going to go home and start one. Dear diary, today I talked to a bunch of assholes for four hours. A little bit of a little bit of a little voice coming back saying someone else is new. Wow. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, man. What is this cool guy like? He's on Saturday. Open line in date 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. I get out of this time. That's what I do sweetheart. Here's a mobile in free. A dear field. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Just what I call say I. Do you want to put around for me? Take it. What? Take it. Yeah. Exactly. And I hope everybody doesn't call for me. And take it. So you have a lot of free looters. They're out here and stuff for that. I'm from California myself. I can't stand them. Yeah. So anyway, I want to say is Neil. In closure. A smile. Two open lines. It's at Broward 560 and 560 and 560. What is from California? You want up here. Does that answer your question? No. Works for me. Here's a crawl game. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just tuned in. So I'm not sure if you already went on a rampage on Larry's. And Larry King and Rob. Yeah, we covered it. There's going to what's the point of going on a rampage. Oh, well, he's the suck each other's ass. They get to bring it back at every time you think you've seen him for the last time. He brings it back again. No, I know. And then King is, you know, he's just sucking around all the time. But I mean, Rob for O was just, I mean, talking about somebody who's kind of seen. I mean, the guy. I don't know how to do a talk show. I know how to do a talk show. Yeah. Everything out of his mouth was just incredible. I mean, why is that anything different from what it used to be? Well, I don't know. He was always a group, but I mean, when he was talking about the giant sucking sound with Master and all that, that made some sense to me. Well, we're talking about other giant sucking sounds down. I don't know. He's consistent. He's got a lot of sucking on his mind. The drugs from Mexico. He told the DEA to let it come in. Yeah. I mean, we're the guys. So you guys not. Well, we already know that. No, I know. I just thought if you two didn't let you mess with the one guy that's still working for the big reform party. The one guy who's left to do wasn't just enchanted. And finally find out what little trip this guy is. The one guy called it in, they still working on it. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm not sure. But it's bleeding at this point. It's incredible. I don't know. I just couldn't believe it. Well, leave it to Larry, baby. He's the one guy who can do it. And have a great day. We have an open line in date one in Broward, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Was I home watching Larry King last night? No. I was at Papa No Park up there losing $57 last night and having a good time doing it. There you go. Of course, that was after his sundown. I mean, a good Jew like me. I wouldn't go out there. And I'm going to tell you something. Okay? After what I went through yesterday and Tuesday. I'll look at him. He'd much better. Of course. But after the red last couple of days, I, you know, other than a gastronomic part, I'm becoming embarrassed to be associated with any way shape or form with his Jewish thing. You know? I'm becoming embarrassed with him. Oh, I mean, talk about phony baloney. People who don't bother going all here long, which is fine. What's out here going to show for? What do you waste at your top of that nonsense? People who aren't doing the chicken on the head routine. We're in a bunch of 10th world, uh, Neanderthals. But they feel compelled because they've been conditioned. Oh, well, this is something special. Listen to that. Like it's a big deal. I think that if you're going to take off for a young, Kepery ought to go out to call the racetrack. He doesn't plunge your brains out. That's the way to do it. That's the way to really enjoy it. Right? Seriously. That's a real way to be Jewish on your part. That was probably. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Did you have an away ticket to the Panther Hurricane game? Yeah. Is that kind of like punishment? I'd rather have capital punishment. I'd rather die than... I don't have any tickets, sir. You're right. I don't have any tickets to give away to any game. I'd rather throw up and watch that. Why is that? Well, I mean, you know... So let me ask you something. Somebody forced you to call and give you just under the threat that we might give you. Some tickets, even though we don't have any. What does that mean? You'd rather be beaten than you. Well, good. That will send somebody right over. Okay, work on it. Ansel. Open line in Broward. 560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a Miami. Hello. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I love your show, man. You're the best. And that was a major asshole that just called the fucking run ticket. A usual. But anyway, I know that you're quite a Christianado or you definitely don't have a you definitely like certain you like financials. Some. Yeah, most of it I hate. I'm originally, I'm a Christianado or like, and we can. That's it. The rest of it blows. No, come on, man. You got to give it a chance. You ever heard of Mark Andonney? Who? Mark Andonney and Julia Caesar, right? I'm Brudus. It's damn fun. Okay, listen, I'm a hammer. Mark Andon. Give me a bit kiss for me. Okay. Sounds like your type. We have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty. Pond five sixty on a mobile one line. Can't stand Spanish music. First of that hoochie kuchi stuff. Baku karachi. It's like Rick Sanchez and he. Rick Sanchez on speed. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm wondering. You will have a chief of her. Her degree of success in your profession. Yes. You're probably the foremost personality in talk radio. Yes. And I am surprised with, you know, the fact that you attack your colleagues in the profession. I'm talking about what college are you talking about such as whom? My colleagues. What is that? Well, the other day I was listening in and you did a number on Peter Jennings. Mm-hmm. Jennings is my colleague. Well, what is that? Peter Jennings doesn't know me from Mochi Pupic. No, but you're still in the same profession. I'm not a butt sucker. You might be those doctors who try to cover up each other. And all these other people believe that we never talk bad about our, about our so-called peers. Because God forbid they should say something about us. I tell of the way it is, pal. I can't stand Peter Jennings. Well, no one said that you have to love Peter Jennings. Yeah. The fact of the matter is being a member of a professional. I don't care. Sir, let me say it to you again. If I'm a doctor and a doctor down the street is a butcher and a bad doctor, if I have a conscience, I should be talking about it, okay? And I get paid here to give my opinions and I don't like Peter Jennings. And I don't like your call in here telling me what I should be saying. Okay? Mr. Hotchap? Probably he probably is doing Peter Jennings. Probably got a Peter Jennings blow up, though. We have two open lines in the date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. My colleagues in the business. You better go out and date Brian Andrews, okay, sir? You may be a little bit too old for him. My colleague, Adam Kirchner, who is rejecting my advances, I'm sorry. Here's a mobile in Western, hello. Yeah, he wishes he was his colleague. Mobile in Western. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Big hockey fan, can you leave us never been to a hockey game? What is the difference between going and watching it on TV? Like the difference between watching sex on a movie or having it? No difference in age. Huh? No difference in age. Okay, well, listen, go watch a good movie. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date, a Ropen 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, the un-mobile one line. Is there a mobile in sunrise, hello? Mobile in sunrise? Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, me, I got an opinion for you. Yeah. You're so close. Okay, thank you very much. My show blows. There's a guy with a personality like a dead frog. My show blows. Thank you, sir, for taking the time out of your very busy day to share that with us. You blow, okay, pal? My show happens to be great, and you're listening to it today. And you're listening to what you're listening to it tomorrow. You'll be trying to find it on Saturday, even though it ain't here because you're too down to know that. My show blows. Like I've said a million times before, nobody with a brain. I mean, the people in the audience are laughing historically right now. At you, that's what they're laughing at because they know you're a bozo. Nobody calls somebody to tell their show blows. They go in and they find a life. They go find something that entertains them, that amuses them, that they're interested in, that they like. But not in this town. Oh, we're listening every day before you suck. And great, but thanks for listening, baby. That's what it's all about. Here's a mobile and pepper prime, shall I? I don't know how you do it. I do a great. Hello, things number one, did you see the new thing that they're going to be doing for football? With the first down marker going across the field. They must have a yellow stripe on the below. Either viewer can see it, like they were trying to do with the hockey. A yellow stripe? Yeah, oh, yeah. Green, you've got a down mark. Well, there's the admission at the product sucks. They're fine. That's the thing that Fox was doing when they put that glowing puck on there, what they were trying to say is the game is watered down. And it sucks. We got to do something to juice it up. And now the NFL is at making the same thing. The other thing was, I always had the feeling that one day, it brought for all, every became friends. When he did his acceptance speech, it would probably pull off a mask and be a little Japanese guy standing there. Wouldn't surprise me. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Somebody heard a semi-rise sword real quick. Have a great day. And back to you. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Hiileo with 62 questions marks probably from the T-Romid Westland. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. In Neil. Yes. One of the rules. Did you hear about on the re- Monk? Chronic. Open line and date one and grower. Find that cent by the way. It's one of the little crew there. Go find yourself a life, okay, pal? We're going to send a look up Broward's in your house. Okay, to twist off your penis if you can find it. Open line and date one and grower. 560 and Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I do this one. Great. Sounds like you're having a great day in the New City, right? Then bother me. I'll take the money. Thank you. I don't know if you've touched on it yet or... I'm touching it right now. I'm just throwing on the paper. You're like thumb on it, yeah. About looks like we might have to be polishing up our old juice step in boots with jet bush getting support from one of the... Really? That's right. From Marbo Schwarz, who's you? Right on the front page. I mentioned that before. Nobody out here cares about it. Nobody is audience gives a crap. We got the Jewish Journal endorsing Jeff Boast the other day yesterday on Yon Kipper, one of the greatest acts of blasphemy in the history of the human race. And today we got Willie Logan, which is no surprise. We already knew that because he's looking his wounds. Still got the juice for Jesus, people. Are they? No, these are the juice for juxtapur. These are the juice for massacism. I don't like to thank you Neil for helping me. Maybe open up my mind a little bit, which I know is the point that you're just trying to get across to a lot of people. I've been reading a lot of books on philosophy and on religion and stuff and just trying to get my mind made up. So let me ask you this seriously. Why is it so complicated? Why do we need... Yeah, it's the coming of work this morning. I was thinking about the guy that called me yesterday about Madeline O'Harrer and her family like disappearing. And about maybe they stole a bunch of money. There needs to be an American atheist organization. I mean, I can understand, you know, the ACLU and organizations like Freedom from Religion Foundation that deal with legal matters that go into court to protect us from religious fanatics. I understand the need for them. But why does there have to be an atheist organization, a Christian organization, a Jewish organization? Well, what does the need for it? Why can't you just believe whatever crap you want? Just be a decent person. Don't bother anybody else. No harm. And that's it. What do we need all of this for? Nothing complicated about it. Nobody's going to heaven. Nobody's going to hell. Nobody's going to have after life. Nobody's going to be coming back at you. It's just that's it. You know, the whole point was with the whole thing, especially you really see it in the really crazy, you know, Muslim religions and stuff that the afterlife, everything in the really crazy religions like there's something that all of it. Well, I guess, okay, all religions that you got. I got the Jews, yeah, with the chickens on their head and it's really yesterday waiting for the... They don't understand that it doesn't work from a down from... I want to stay there and have it look at the way water flows, okay? The sins of the chicken are flowing down into their bodies. That's the problem of the Orthodox Jews. That's why they're crazy that a bedbuck, the sins of the chicken are in their brains now. So the whole thing would be sleeping. And eventually it flows all the way down and they turn into a bunch of chicken. That's what they turn out to be. You know, the whole thing is it just... It's to me it seems like it diminishes the life and what we have here on earth because it doesn't mean squat when you think about eternity. I mean what eternity isn't that ridiculous though? It's called fear of death. Fear of death? Well, and step on a cockroach and you stop on that thing and kill it better than crap. You ask yourself, is that thing making a comeback? I think it is going to make it come back. That's the problem. He also, like, threw a two-point hang up, but I think George is the next one job. He did it. He's going to be doing a show permanently starting tomorrow. And I know increase in pay. I'd like to...if possible, maybe get his CD out. What are the chances of that? Mr. George, that's coming out this week. Thank you. Right there. Here's the best of George. Okay, we have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. We've been trying to tell you for a hundred years now. It's all a bunch of crap. And you won't listen to us. Those wrong with you people out there. Oh, I got a chicken on my head. Well, Jesus Christ even Carmen Miranda looked better than that. They got a dead chicken on their head. Or maybe it's a dead chicken or a live chicken. I think it's a live chicken. Or a live chicken. And they're waving it around. Well, I can still mean into the word chicken. Yeah. The sins of the chicken are flowing down where we don't you understand? Now if they would stand on her head and put the chicken, which it'll work too good, I don't think. That would be, can you see that balancing act standing on your head on a live chicken? By the way, can multiple people use the same chicken? Multiple chickens? Or do you each have to have your own chicken? Only in Westland. How much sin can you? It's 11.57 at 5.60 WXD. QAL. The Neil Roger Show. Show me yours. I'll show you mine. Come on, Dutch TV with a Dutch sub-title. There's Jerry Springer doing it, baby, with all those shparks. You know good. You're a little good, try that bitch. Bitch. Bitch. Oh, we're at over 60 minutes. It's at 58 minutes of that, and then Jerry comes on to kind of like a politicizes. What do you do understand? Relationships are important. We have two open lines in Broward, bitch. 5.670560 and POP560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We just figured out during a break while there's so many smart Jews in the world. Most of them are eggheads. From having that, uh, yeah, from having that chicken on their head. Right. How did I know in the very first word? Who's that saw Miami? Little spick. We have an open line in date. What had Broward? 5.670560, POP560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I want to show you what you're doing in that church there in the electrical meter room. What? You hooked up the wires? Yeah, right. Yeah, hooked up this. Boy, oh boy, mental cases, baby. Mental cases. They're all out loose today. They got let up for the holidays. Two open lines in date to a Broward. 5.670560. POP560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, little nervous. I'm a Bringo, married to a Julien, living in Hilea. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, from Westland, man, Stoway from those tea rooms are nice too. Oh, they're nuts over there. Up in fact, they live like Fort Wax from there. I keep my kids all away from them. I was all Cuban, uh, Boogatons in heat, man. You better watch it. Uh, you know, now my, my, my, my, my, my, my little nervous talk until you hear. Yeah, well, never, never. Yeah. Any, never the last. Now, I know we got the goose divers coming in and everything. And I've complained to my wife about it. And she does them both because she's residents. And she goes, well, how do you change it? And I say the only thing I can do is bitch about the tunnel. Yeah, that'll be right. No, I mean, but seriously, what? How do we do it? How do you change what? How do you change the way the system's run? Go pass it, baby. Go to a real country where you can't be anything people out. That's what you do. And lift the chain. This place is a country of dummies. I hit the lotto. I'm out of here too. All right. No, I'll move back. You go. Just remember me. Just keep me in your will. Oh, big time. Okay. Okay. We got two open lines in day one and a. Broward five six seven. Oh, five sixty. We're still waiting for the votes on Chris Moore and the Boogatons. Seanby. Manage, but wants to know. You think the, uh, it's been an interesting nine months here. And fast. You're like only what 10, 15 years here at QAM. But they want to know is it time to bring back Chris Moore and the Boogatons. Here in mid days. So we could have got that whole generally learned press conference in here. And I got very Jackson Hollop set. I got those people out and then were at the fan upset. That's what they want to know. They want to hear the jet fans suck in the dolphin fan suck. Anyway, want to super bowl in 500 years. You ain't want to want to know six over the years. Back and forth. Think about how coming out watching mud in football. So I'll wrap your hour after row. That's what they want. Open line at Broward all three lines a day. We're waiting here, baby, on you. 567. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Worst week of my life. You're not that plain. Humanity's actually the person. I'm solo. You know what's up, buddy? Yes, sir. Hey, would you seriously look with it? Everything in the stock market today. You are a slipper. Oh, it all depends on how much of a beating you're going to take. I'm already taking a beat like 10 grand. Yeah, I'll beat you 10 grand. Well, I don't have 70, 10's, 1 7's of it. Yeah, that's true. Come on. I mean, I'm looking for watching these mutual funds just taking dive. All right. All the Greenspan stocking now, we're making a comeback. Now it's only down 123 in an Aztex down 56, which is still momentous after 238 on the value yesterday. It is no getting bigger. He knows it's just like Clinton that night that he came on on August 17. There's no such like Pinocio on a bad day. Hey, I think that's only store in any store next to him. One of the people all failed to find out. I try to get it down in a milk last night. I've always, you know, get through the way they're bringing back their freaking canned corn. They what's up with that? I mean, you know, same thing. I mean, 39 cents a can. These people are 50 to be tied to get their money back. Not only that, but it's a good time to be storing canned goods. You know what those right wingers say? Can't goods in ammo. There you go. As far as the game, and I want to try to get up there, but I went and looked at my sea star was a guy of few months going to call you back. I didn't renew my sea star. I went up with a guy based on your advice. Got a little bowl and you know, the sea throw section 112. Great. Well, they have to have the end of it. There you go. Hey, thanks. The fact, remember sticking about it already. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. Too late. We have an open line in day one in Broward 560560. So far off the year, we've taken 600 votes. 501 Chris Moore and Booshan be back. And the other 100 don't know who the hell I am. In our two and two's about it anyway. Eight minutes passed. Don't look at us. The markets make it a nice comeback here. Down 124 that I was at the ass next to looking pretty ugly. I know it's high-drecked, the text sucks. You know, a winner from Coconut Creek got it. Right. It's 430560QAL. Hey. It's Howard. Howard's BAM. But in day tickets for Tampa Bay and the Panthers and at the Yellow Parking Pass that yeah. Date counties wide open 560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I mean, date county, they don't know from a hockey in date county. All they know about is Boogatown at Westland. Here's a Fort Lauderdale, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I call it first and foremost, thank you for the lovely adult entertainment video. You sent me a couple weeks back. Great. Good. Well, we are very nice. The audience sucks, but we try to be pretty nice. Well, it's almost like the call. We just don't want to be chronic. You know, every couple weeks is so, you know. You caught the new Hollywood Square Show. The worst time you've seen, I saw for a night. Maybe it was last night for about 10 minutes, five minutes, three and a half minutes. You're much, we'll be. I've been up to all the people on there. Our mind, Keith Hernandez, what they'll make some baseball player like a, I was so lucky. I was so lucky. Yeah, right. But I just caught it too. I was surprised to see it on them. There are a lot of people on there. See, the concept of that show is fine. But you also had to have people on there who were like entertaining. And you can't bring it back. I mean, Charlie Weaver's not going to come back at any time. Soon, Paul Lindake, going to be making a comeback. I mean, most of the people that were great on it, you are dead or 200 years old or both. And nobody's getting good to cut a job. He's going to be on that show to begin with. I guess. You know, I mean, you knew that history when they started bringing in. And what's that guy that's stone fields? Not stone. Is that the guy stone? I wouldn't know. No, stone fields is the answer. And you see. What's that was the guy the DJ out in LA that was on there? On Hollywood Square? They'll come back anywhere. I don't know. I didn't want to be on that. But I know you were there. Yeah, somebody on the wall. Horrible show. Well, that'll be gone before we can cancel on a whammy in that two months. Oh, it's picking a whammy. I know they, they get ready to act in the acting. Not that I know. I've got that from DJ guy looking on that. They're the other day when I caught it. And they were the girl on Shadow Stevens. Well, Shadow Stevens don't film something. They were the girl doing the same thing. They were doing some of the intro instead of Veronica. Yeah. That's the lip Stephanie. That's right. That's the one. It's a very kid and she's put a quite a liquor. Yes, she is. Why the liquor? Well, have yourself a wonderful whatever you have. And back to you. And happy new year. Happy new year on you, Jews out there. I mean, we have open line and Broward all of date County. Are we ever going to talk to date County? No. We're going to go through this every day of my life. Oh, Dave County. Just because we got a bunch of banana boat people in date County. And everybody who has a brain got there a lot long time ago. We got like four Jews left in date County. We're stranded there in our desperate to get out through our like, oh, waiting for the bus to Boko. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a mobile and market. Hello. They need a how are you? Okay, sir. Were you here for the hurricane? No, it was done. Did you board up? I was not here, sir. Let me say it again. I know, but did you still board up? Yeah, I board board this up. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yes. I'll use there. Okay. I'm here to brighten your day. Yeah, sounds like a sound. I got a bright. Tough one today. Uh-huh. Information for you. Uh, biogyo opens on the 16th of this month. Yeah. So that'll be it for today. Yesterday a call or called up and nobody's been going to do that. About Vegas. Yeah. Is that the name of biogyo? I thought he placed the B.A. Yeah, he's got a little hotel on the side. Uh-huh. Secondly, across from the Mirage out in Vegas, where the fan just to be, they're building the thing called the preside. Right. I had the opportunity to go in there and take a tour. Uh-huh. All the rooms are going to be sweet. 770 square foot per suite. Right. With fucking living room. Wow. 231 inch color TV that eats sweet. Right. Right. Right. Right. Why would you go at a place though? Exactly. But how much? Well, they're going to be competitive. I see I did that, but I get a cop. But they said there would be competitive with everything else on the strip. Huh. But I stayed at most of the hotels out there, deal. This is five. Five. But that's five minutes. Well, one's it opening. Uh, 99. Probably the fall of 99. I'll be there. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the good news. I'm going to be there. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I have really strong attitude. I know, I have to lean on it. Okay. You're called wanted Breakz lingers. Look forward to some hope and I'll throw this song on. They say. If I keep the  city. It's the world stir-frying up there. Okay. Might go. For example you look forward to some hope.oticounterrd said hey look at us. Okay, we have an open line of date to a broad 5605. So, what he said, and he met it. 5605, 50 and pump 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. You know, I like to know what you think about these new billboards that are out there, the God billboards. What do I think? I think it's more propaganda. Why do we have to have religion outside on billboards? Why do we have to have that on bumper stickers on billboards? More intolerance is what it is, sir. Wow, I mean, it's like... They don't even want to meet who put them up, you know. Who did put them up? I know, they haven't tried to find up. Yeah. And probably about your atheist. Okay, we have an open line in the broad and the two in date, 5605, 60, pump 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Last call of the mobile in Miami, hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. I just want to know, what do you think is really responsible for the $70 billion surplus that the government has sent me down here? Okay, that's our last call today. What do we only have now in 40 minutes to kill? And by the time you take the spots out, and the ID. Oh, right. When it's cold outside. And this is the mother going to start singing about 10 minutes. Oh, thank you. 560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Where have any takers out there? No. Anybody in date, County, alive and who's listening to this show? Oh, anybody got anything to say about Jim Leeland leaving? No. Anything about the Panther game tonight? No. Anything about the goddamn stock park you're going to hell on a hand basket? No. Anything about Willie Logan and Jeff Bush? No. Anything about anything. No. Thank you. There's a mobile in four-moderade, hello. Hello. Hello, sir. I'm doing great. I'm just confused, man. I'm just totally confused with this crowd. Well, you know, with the inaccurate information that people give you. Invague it. It's the Belageo, B-E-L-L-80-I-O. He said Craig B-Gio is what he said. Yeah. He doesn't know what he's talking about. They can throw and go Panther. Yeah. Then have a nice life. Okay. That was short and sweet. We had that's one of our best calls of the day, too. Nice calls, sir. Open line and proud. Why use 50,000 words when he can use only three or four? Where are we going? Let's go to a waterdale lake. Hello. Waterdale lakes. Hi there. Yes, sir. Oh, no. I got another vague thing for you. Yeah. In some time next spring, we stay in Arizona in this place called Canyon Red. Arizona? Arizona? Oh. God. God. Try it, you know, it is. Oh, so many perks out there. You can enjoy Arizona, don't call out doors. Yeah. But because the people at one of this Canyon Red, because it's a big place. I sound old enough to be hanging out in Arizona. You have to be over 100. Well, what I do is see, I can make statues for them. They give me room free. Yeah. Why isn't that free like I thought? And they're going to open a place in Vegas with the output, the spa, and in construction. Do you don't face full of awareness here? The guy was just talking about that. Oh, yeah. No. He had full on to you, right? Well, Canyon Red is going to have a piece of that. I mean, the spa, stuff like that. And they're healthy food and electrical. Uh-huh. I'm the guy that made you a little rain with you, right? Great. I finalized every day. Who's here? I'm squeezed right now. I just think about it. Who do you want this human? Who I want what? Yeah. I was sick with my rain with me. What do you mean? He's every year. No, I'm sticking with Ray. He's my, I mean. Oh, I'm tired. Hey, I can, uh, render my students see it when you go away. So, see you after you get it. Students, what do you mean when you sit in for me? What does that mean? I mean, I mean, you said you wouldn't be able to go to the opening day. Okay. Oh, he just get cut off. Okay. We have an open line. I see now. This is a very nice guy who made a nice thing for me. But you know something at this point in my life. I'm just, I'm becoming bitter. Am I becoming bitter? Uh-huh. Because I'm not giving away those tickets. Yeah. I don't know. For sure. I'm probably not going to be here next weekend. Not this weekend. We got a course to big thing at the borders. And then Tuesday, we got the thing at Pizza Law. But the following weekend October, like ninth and tenth, and whatever those dates are. I'm probably going to be out of town. But there's a chance I might not be all depending. And this guy who did a very nice thing for me, he turns out to be a freeloader too. Can we sit on your tip? No. The answer is no. No. If you do something nice for me, don't do it because you're going to like count light like in a godfather. You know, you're going to come back for the funeral later on. And that day may never come, but that better be better. But if I are, etc. and so on, look how they massacre my boy. You know, all that business. Jesus, I just, it's just, because most people that do nice stuff for us, you want to show. They ask nothing in return. Self-alcone, Joe, uh, a resolute, all those people. They ask nothing in return. You're either the sign man. Nice people. You know, they don't want nothing in return. What? They don't want anything in return. But then it's just because I mentioned, I mean, she, I don't want any tickets. I don't want to go to any ball games. I'm just going to lock myself in a house. Because this god damn town, there is nothing. There is nothing else here, but freeloader's. That's all we've got. That's the name of this town. What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? I got nothing. I got nothing. How about your dog? He'd wrap a good, come on. I'll take it. Jesus Christ. You can't even joke about these things. I mean, God forbid that I should make a joke about those tickets. And right away, I went in with an amount of, Oh, you can't buy a goddamn call all day long. But as soon as you can, you may make some comment, even, obviously, jokingly about hockey tickets or basketball. How about some tickets for the NBA? They're not even playing for Christ's sake. Oh, you'll take them. I thought you would. Yeah. 60 WQM preacher shoots himself during sermon Jacksonville. A youth minister was in critical condition Saturday when, after accidentally shooting himself in the head. During a sermon as he waved to gun a compared Russian roulette with sin. Melvin, nurse, and boy he could assure you he's won. 35 was at University Medical Center after shattering his skull at a blank. When the 357 caliber handgun discharged, he fired and then he fell. I thought it was part of the sermon that he was supposed to fall. Said Anthony Spate passed you at the living wake. Christian fellowship church international. But I got up there. I stopped water in the carpet. The company said, Pastor, this is real something's happened. I began to pray for him and add someone called the fire station next door. Nurse had fired the gun over his head several times. The mother's going off. So the shooting caught the congregation by surprise. He was using russian roulette to make a point about the consequences of sin. Witnesses said. The ministers said the nurse opened the gun cylinder and started to blank. Spon the cylinder, it's time he discussed a specific sin. He'd repeat the same motion. Though a blank the casing still contains a hard cardboard type, WOD that he checks several feet when fired. Police said. He just makes no church members, new who owned a gun. Spate said, nurse often preached about the dangers of crack cocaine and sweet car crime. But he asked to give a sermon on Thursday about gun use and sin. Spate said he allowed nurse to give the sermon and Louis of a weekly Bible study session, but didn't know nurse had a gun. He was nursing it. Nurse had been preaching for a short time when he took a gun out of a small case and referred to a passage in the New Testament book of James that deals with sin and death spate said. You think it deals with guns? Oh, they didn't have no guns back then. Did they? I see. They couldn't have had too good of a time. No one said they were always writing about sin and all that crap. Huh? They didn't have no guns. We have it a good time. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. I want to request for me. All right. We have an open line in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on the AT&T while it's on. I told you no punks with his spatic accent ever again on his show. I know that strikes you particularly hard because you said to Milton Cuban, but nevertheless. If that's what it takes, if that's what it's got to deal with, no law hotels on here. Because there is not one. Every maybe five months, one and five months we got a Julio to call this show. That's got anything you've said for those little pranks or the little rolling bull road. That's it. That's all we got. That's the, and you take those 10 million people out of Dayton Broward. And what do you got left? What's the potential pull we got to talk to somebody out there? Who's like a real collar? Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I just want to know what that is. Not another one. You open lines in day 1? Who's already on the? Two open lines in day. Let's talk to some English speaking people in day 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, 18, 2, 9. Here is the mobile in Miami, hello. I'm the mail. Yes. Do you know how you got? Okay. I want to go to the arena. Yeah. And I met the supporter of the team on the right. I can't believe they used to stay like the arena. I think they could grasp for them over. They still got to same little dinky reddle-red to go mob. Yeah, I think they just moved them over. They just said they're not just from the extra money. I don't know. It's ridiculous. It's been on that money on that. Have you people ever been to a hockey game in like a real arena? No. All they have is doing what's a Canadian channel. I mean, yeah, they don't even have to go. They're going to what the Toronto game are. Uh, Canadian games come on. Right. They have the correct right. Or even in Tampa, even as you read next over there, know how to have a goal. So they want to go as good. It like looks impressive and exciting. And like, they like something goes on. Instead of like a little dinky Christmas ball goes on. Like at the arena. All right, great. I haven't thought of it. I'm going to check that up tonight. They better get with it. I'm going to let this subject. Yes, sir. Um, happy for the coach that he's finding another place to go. You know, more power to him. You took the pointed him. I think we really let him down. You've been there with team play well last year. But all the schools that these people did, you know, on the management, you know, more power to him. You know, let him go and do whatever he has to do. And God bless Jim Leeland. Hey. Thank you so much, Jim Leeland. For a job well done here is a good guy. Didn't like it here all that much. Which speaks very well for him though. We have an open life. In fact, he had a guy that there was the thing in the paper was at this morning. About one of the system coaches are one of the people. And he we used to drive him around everywhere he went because he just, uh, he didn't want to get to know this here. Because he didn't like it. Nice going, Jimmy. Oh. So I'm up at Palpino Park one. I'd have it a good time. We'll have a good guy quiet. Not making a big scene. Not putting out a big good. Tim is like Pete Rose does. Open line in date 56050560 on the 18th of wireless line. Mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm making a flee for with you. Please do not say his name. Because every time you say his name, they think about trading him. Do not. Ray with me. Please don't say his name. You know that as well as I do. Every time you start a day, they're not trading. They're not trading Ray with me. I can't give a chance. No, they're not going to trade Ray with me. You can get in. I hope you're right. But I hope. Sir, let me say it again. Read my lips. They're not trading Ray with me. Just calm down. Take a couple of value. A couple of pros that and relax. Two open lines in Broward. 560, palm 560 on the 18th of wireless line. Miami with 200 question mark. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm a 23. I'm a 23. I'm a 21. And listen. And I go to your family. I'm graduating this May hopefully. Yeah. And I got a couple of job offers in New York and LA and one in Chicago. Think of my going to Chicago. What do you say? Good choice. Good choice. Good choice. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Good luck, your pal. Okay. Excellent choice. Chicago. One of the great cities in the world. Happy weather. But a great set. Great food. Open line in day one in Broward. 560, palm 560 on the 18th of wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen. I'm not in day county, but I am English speaking and I'm only three blocks away. I'm near the county line road. Great. I'm always close enough to make a quick getaway. Yes. Listen. Just a couple of things. First of all on this chicken deal on the chicken on the head. Not the chicken on the head. The other thing with the Randall. Oh, yeah. Commercial. I mean, what is up with these people? They got no sense of humor. You're already in the money. These animal squeezers man. They're out of their minds. I don't understand. How come they didn't get upset when they got baby. They got babies being tossed in dumpsters and they're worried about a chicken being dressed up. You know, being chased and being fried. I mean, I hate to break the news to them. Guess what chickens do wind up on the grill, okay? Why not? Remember to commercial with the cows. They were shooting at the chicken, sirens or whatever the heck it was back then for beef or chicken. I think they didn't get upset about that. Be too hell out of me. I don't know. Anyway, the other thing is I read in the paper. Yes, maybe they're in the wrong religion. I read in the paper. Yes, they said about that. It's going to be hard to get cell phone calls and be. Oh, we're even in college. Yeah. So what's what's the big deal? These people can't do it up their cell phone. I'm glad you mentioned that because I was going to talk about that the other day. I am so ecstatic that it's going to be. There's nothing that is phoneier or more baloneyer than watching assholes on cell phones at a sporting event. I can understand if it's a doctor, if it's an emergency call, which usually they have a beeper. But other than that, assholes on cell phones at a hockey game is a sporting event, those people make me want to barf. Exactly. Well said. This is your buddy, Stubby. Oh, God. Like I said, Stubby. I'll see you. Good to hear from you. Okay, we should I could say the same. Okay, 21. So he's all right. You know? George Hates you, but I think you're okay, Stubby. George can't stand you. We have an open line in Broward 560560 and Pomp560 on the AT&T. What if you're not Cuban, Stubby? So if you like put on the little accent, then George would say, I'm at a con, but it's called. Yeah, we got our own. Huh? Oh, he's Cuban. 21, before 1 at 560, WQAM. What is it? Q, I went over to Studdam places. Your sports station, baby. That's our sports time. Yeah. Sports, water sports. Speaking of water sports and water beds. If you're sleeping on a lumpy bumpy crappy McEway, yeah. He has a wife, isn't it? We are a world-wavion skate. To join us in a slayer black, turn off your notes and train towards target sample sauce. And some pho barbitao. We will pick up your soul on our way to your galaxy. So I have your respect packed and be dead. When they'll bump into our system to Earth, thank you. Cyber kicks in all black clothes and waiting for our beautiful place. With my you with blue. You're under a crowd of places we feel on your outer space. You're in outer space. Something we call it as fair. We got you, though I can't believe it, lay. Laying down in my cot where in my ears. This is not the existence I want to. Someone's gonna find us. Back back to pocket train. Our containers decomposed. I took it, used some pho barbitao. So don't get me some pho barbitao. With vodka and some applesauce. Just totally into that. Oh, sucks! The way it's hell box. Who? When we join our nuts got shut and we waited for hell box. We for a whole bar. We and the they heard it's laying out. We made up without a space plane. Right on those days, plain. You're a space you could throw a thing. How's it going? Call 45 at 560 WKM. I didn't know Brian Andrews was Jewish by the way. Do you hear what they were talking about on channel 7 live night that he was wandering around the studios with the on his head? We have 2 open lines in day 567-0560. Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Sure missed that old Brian Andrews. Hey boy, what's that in your mouth? Here's a coconut grove. Hello. I like to know when you're going to be a border. Saturday. Okay, because I have a gift for you. Saturday, this Saturday. Saturday, no to two borders in the Galleria. Where is it? Yeah. East sunrise over by the beach right by the Galleria. Is it the mall? Well, it's it's free standing, but it's the next to the Galleria. Okay, what time? Noon to two. Okay, I'll see you there. I'll be there. All right, fine. Okay, we have two open lines in day 560-0560. Oh, we find it got some cigars. It's right in the start smoking other brands. In John penis. Yes, I could use a cutter would be very nice. I don't want like, just chew off the end. Like some kind of disgusting, you know, like some old redneck, just chop off the old ends, spit it out. All the way do us spit it out. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You never know what you're getting into these days. You know, you gotta be real careful. Okay, let's see. Do a little clip here on my, on my par domo reserve. Noonol. There we go. Now I feel like a real man. I wonder we couldn't get any goddamn calls on his short last three days. We're smoking a bunch of bogus cigars. How do I can people respect you when you got a bunch of crapping you? What's something good in there? Look at those deadlines. Look at them go out as soon as I let this dog go up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, 10, 10, 10, 10, wireless line. Or was supposed to say Miami date County. Maybe that'll do it, huh? 305, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 6, the on the 18, 10, whatever that is. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay. Let's try a mobile device. Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I heard you mentioned today the morning about there losing the red line for this game tonight. And that's probably not going to fly and I hope it doesn't fly. It's stupid and I'm pissed off that they're doing that as a game that I'm going to go to. What a wasted time. Well, if they want to resort to the roller hockey crap, let me go ahead and do that to that game. This is the real game, just a little won't. But what I want to ask you was, and I heard that they were going to go back to the standard size crease. Yeah. Well, it's not the standard size crease. They've chopped off the edges. Okay. So they're going to square it up again. It's still going to have a blue thing. No, they're not going to let me see it again. They're not squaring it up. They've chopped off the edges on either side of the post. Oh, the war. Okay. They don't have that overlap on the post. Right. Okay. And they're going to extend the back end behind the net. They're going to widen that that area. So, supposedly, they've already done that. Really? Yeah. Because I'd say if you want to open up a hockey game, like, you know, like the European, Yeah, that's one of the changes they made this year is that they moved it, I forget how many feet out from the, from the boards. Well, that'll work because they'll take guys like Ray with him, and that'll open their game wide open. Yeah. You know, I don't have a lot of that. I don't say too much about Ray with me. You know how these guys are, like the other way. I had work. I had my fingers crossed just like you, man. I just wanted to find these signs of this. I was like, come on. Come on. Don't screw this up. But anyhow, I'm out of material, Neil. And closing. TJ, you're a gold tenning douchebag. Okay. Okay. Okay. We have one call left at a board and then it's, so, Most convavies. Well, I did. 560, 560. That's our toll free number for any place in a goddamn world. 560 on the 182 wireless life for you, cell phone people. Here's Tamara. Hello. Yeah, sir. I had some lady complaining about you at the Young Kipor services the other day. Good. Okay. Great. Guy with the eyes. How do you like that? That's how desperate we are. We got the old guy with his 25 million dollar bet that Clinton's going to get the impeach. And then we got the guy with the eyes. We got the guy with hockey is soccer on eyes. There's a skate to whatever it is. His one line is. You are the most useless, the most pathetic, the most unbelievable audience in the history of the human race. It's just pathetic. All I keep thinking about is that paycheck. That's the only thing that drives me that forces me that continues to across me to go through the motions of getting into that Corvette and showing up in this place every morning and doing this exercise. Because this week as of this week, it's cease to be a radio show. It's now an exercise and agonizing exercise. One line left on a board here is a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami, sir. Hey, thanks, sir. I think there's a couple things that you continue to bash the bush, please. Meaning, Jeff Bush, of course. Because I can't stand the guy and everything you say about this. Please, please, please. I don't care about Jeff Bush, Willie Logan, the Jewish Journal of Matter. What I, what it is that I have to say about it, they got no retort, no response, no interest, none. And that's why he's going to win in a landslide. A man who's never been elected dog catcher, he's going to be the governor of the state of the landslide, because these people couldn't care less. I'm afraid you're right, but just keep on bouncing the bush once a day if you don't mind. Another thing, you know how it shows, sir. I can't believe that New York, Matt, crazy, the cause of the town, and that's supposedly the highest rated radio show. Well, I got news for it. It's the highest rated radio show in this market. Two hours got in 11.8 year in the last the trend that just came out and making more money than God. So what can I tell you? How it's doing, okay? And I guarantee that if Howard opened up the phone, it was asking for people to call him. He wouldn't be sitting there begging and pleading and carrying on day after day with a highly rated alleged show. Like we're doing here with one call on the board. Just really pathetic. Two open lines and date all three lines in Howard. Do these people have anything to say about anything? No, they're out of material. We used to get guys at the end of a call and say, I'm out of material. Now the whole audience collectively, she just opened up their window and you're out the window. We're out of material. Wow! Have a great life. 567-0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Yes sir. Hi. I don't know if you remember. I just got sent you a bill of hiccup a long time ago. I was wondering if you ever got sent to check it out and what you saw. Well, what do you mean check it out? What is it to check out? Oh, well, did you? I think you're a CB and a, hey, be with the comedian. Are you veting now, but. Who is bill? Bill Hicks? Bill Hicks? Bill Hicks? I thought you talked about it all hockey players to play with the Rochester Amherks. No, no, yeah, you mentioned that before. It's been a more than an hour now. No, I haven't checked it out pal, but I'll get to it one of these years. Okay, we have two open lines in date, 567-0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. New. Yes sir. I heard a promo for you this morning from you this morning. I'm talking about Don and Bob's. Yeah. Do you know that they recovered the nogahide and I believe they sold it to some lawyer. I think, but they, you have the place to get all new nogahide. They used to have the, uh, the holes in there. What do you mean the holes? The holes in the nogahide. I can always think of all the high school kids. You see those holes. And then they went and put a brand new cover over everything. Yeah. The high school kids were using the holes for what? I see your option. Yeah. I must have never said on those spots. I was like, oh, don't give me that needle. What? I went up my white points of brightness. What, what? We're going to have an argument about whether they had a hole in the seat to Don and Bob's? No, the argument is whether you were using them or not. Well, whether I used to hold you, I used to use them all the time. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Thanks for the good news sir. What is this man talking about? Even having assholes called in here about the nogahide that Don and Bob's on where we're having to unroaches. Oh, man. Yeah. Too much of that goddamn chocolate almond for our Fudge Frozen custard for you, pal. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, power 5, 60 on the eight. All right. Now these people speak in English. No. What language they speak in English? Oh, I'm speaking Sanskrit again today. God. Here in the high school kids are doing their hump in the holes in the seats. Right. You'll see this guy at Westland. His name will be in a paper next week. I guarantee that. In fact, as soon as this guy walks in and down in Bob's and say, we don't want your window and if you look at the glory hole. Right. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. For a lot of deal. Yes sir. Yeah. What would have happened is I have to write out. If they would have caught a cleaning over and just jacks and just right behind them. You'll give me. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, power 5, 60 on the eight team. Something you should have got excited. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, I know if you heard this or not but they didn't interview with Jennifer Flowers. And he asked her whether or not her or her fear was Clinton was similar with the one that Monica had. She thought for a second and said close but no cigar. Yeah. I already had that fell. Oh well. Nice try. Little late. Had that well was it 1863 we had that just before Lincoln. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and power 5, 60 on the 18th and power 5, 60 wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yes man. How are you? I'm doing okay. Okay well I just heard the complaining about not getting any calls and at a long time we're going to go. I thought it was okay. First they had back from vacation Monday was fine. Mostly with reports about how George did and the rest of the week these people got no material none. I did it. I did it. Yesterday was worse. And today is the ultimate. El people. I don't want to call in the worst day. I just had that from vacation. I went to Michigan and I was around Michigan State or 7. Ground. Great. Why do you constantly I love you and I will see you border. Okay. Excellent. All right. Okay. She was just an e-blancing. Not a bad place. Oh by the way, manage you probably is crowd colon because they need a girl steam. That's right. Michigan beat this part and it's crap. Well I was away. Big deal. Lost another girl steam. Lost an older day in there. Oh my god. Touch down Jesus. There it is again. Right there at the end of that goddamn building. I got a big chrome dome. It's something. They're doing a deep knee bends in South Bend. I'll tell you that because they got a really horse ball. See Miss. Thanks. Real sick entire of these universities where that's all. No. Just like turning on this radio station. He heard all that geater crap man. There's nothing more of noxious that you can even smell it. Right through the speaker in your radio. What's gator crap again? Look out. Crawl 56 and five. The QA. The Neil Roger show. Fort Latterdale. It's the bomb. Two two hours. Hi, baby. Shorties. You got some big bucks. No, really. So what does it mean? It's a company. Take it. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? What do I think? What? I think I have a great time. That's what I think. Two overlinds and day one and burn. I think stay home. Okay. Lock the doors and batten down the hatches. Baby. Ammunition and can go in. Two openings and day five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Don't forget our board is appearance. That's over to board is by Galleria. Board is books in music this Saturday from noon to two. And then next Tuesday, Tuesday the six October. Pizza loss six to eight p.m. Is that correct? Do we ever gotten any written confirmation on that? No. We get copy that memo of that press release. No. Of anything from Sam the sham or Louanne? No. Okay. Just checking. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hello. Yes. I like your program. You just feel like a thief is the funnest view. Yes. So keep up the good or else. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Happy circus. Two overlinds and day one and burn. Five six seven. Five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? I'm great. Good. I had a question. I never hear you talk about that TV show. What do you think about it? Because I don't watch it. Why would I talk about it? I don't know. I thought maybe you just didn't want to talk about it. I'm talking about it. Well, what do you mean you don't like talking about? What is there to talk about? Not an it's I don't like to show either. I don't want to show them. What would you? If you don't like to show, why would you call an ask me how come I don't talk about it? No. I was asking whether you liked it. I didn't know. I don't know. I don't watch cartoon shows. The only cartoon I like is bullwinkle. That's the quality work. Right. Yeah. That's good stuff. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Am I right? No. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yama, what'd you say? Exactly. Hey, listen. I got a little story for you. You know. I know they pet shops. And the cross of street is a bagel shop there. Yama. Will. Will. It's a good name. Just like that. But anyway, I just wanted to let you know. She had a blind shrimp for sale 75% of the portion. Oh, you don't want to put those on your bagels. Well, they had to get a couple people coming. They're like locks. Okay. Let's have a couple portions of that please. And came out with the blind shrimp. You can't eat that. I must have some good things. But anyway, it's one of the lets you know. I'm going to let you know. You got a button tackles shop. What are you saying? No, a pet shop. Oh, pet shop. Yeah. It's feed them to the like fish for a good. I see. Yeah. And they're a little tiny. What feed me fish? Who did the pets? My name must be a mess in the tank. It's disgusting. Look in there. Look what some more. It looks like Ben and Jury are both in there. Oh, it's actually one fish food. Okay. Thanks for the good news. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Love your show. How are you doing? Great. I ain't calling for those tickets. We don't have any tickets, sir. Not even worth discussing. We got no tickets. No ticket. No washing. Got no got it. And that's it. Okay. So, I think that's what the problem is. I think these people are like all spent from the energy that they have put on last week. But I'll tell you. I mean, I call George a couple times he did you proud. And he didn't have to beg shamelessly for calls like this all week last week. I know he didn't. No, he did. No, only Thursday because there's a hurricane. But the rest of the week there's no hurricane going on today. And you don't keep us all over with. I'm not that slow. I'm on to what's going on here. Well, I'll tell you. I'm on 23 years. There's a 22 and a half years and one place is long enough. It's time for me to move on. I'll tell you this place is dead. I mean, it's so depressing. I got to go to the track last night. I realized it was, you know, young keeper. And I'm sick and terribly spawning over all super religious Jews who wanted to use days of the year become religious. But that was like a muscle. And there last night. So we could have gotten bowling on the fourth floor at the top of the park last night. That's how pathetic it is. Oh, I know. I mean, call there the same. I mean, even though calling not that great, but whatever. I mean, I've got that handcat off yesterday on young keeper. So we could go out and get the handle up there and call there. You try a dastardly mesh. Yeah. Do you like it? I don't remember. You know, it seems the chocolate on don't start. Please, I beg you. That's it. I'm begging you. You know, the chocolate is a house. The chocolate and that seems a little better than in the fish food. I don't know. They play with the chocolate. Chocolate, cherry, Garcia frozen yogurt. Trust me. I like it. Trust me. Like the ice cream. But I don't like the yogurt. But I'm just telling you this particular one. Chocolate, cherry, Garcia frozen yogurt. You'll thank me for years to come. Neil, I want two tickets to go to see the heat play. Maca B. Tell of the... You got it. Okay. Okay. Two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. It's 109 and QAM. Oh, my favorite show. 114, 10, 5, 60, WQM date counties. Open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I've been going. No, it's going great. Just move back from Texas. Yeah, bad move. Yeah, I've got to realize that now. Oh, go on. Hey, what's the good horse dress? Do you recommend around here? Meaning what? What kind of race track? A good race track. A good place to monitor something. Good race tracks for what? The horse race. The road racing? There's only one. But at the time, sir, you can go to Calder for the third reds. Go to Palpino Park for harness racing. That's it. Yeah. Oh, man. Oh, man. What? Not much going on, just dead. Meaning what? How many race tracks do you want to have open at the same time? How much are you going to lose all in one day? I think it's time for casting from 600 different tracks. All at the same time. Go punch your brains out, pal. Or blow them out. One of the other. Welcome back. We have an open line at Growerd and all the date county. All 400 lines a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. I'm going to tell you Tuesday, Wednesday, and three quarters of this show. One Thursday. These three days. I've talked to more assholes. These three days. Then the last three years put together. And that's saying a line. That's covered a lot of goddamn territory for this show. Three days, not even three full days. And I've talked to more no life, low life people would nothing to say with absolutely no ability at verbal intercourse whatsoever. And I'm almost starting to enjoy it. Date county, but date county I don't enjoy because it's only on this radio station. This is a cancer. We're in date county. We're close to the county line thank God. Four in date county. Do we have any audience in date county? No. Do you make us listening? No. The people are the Haitians listening. They're so baseball. No. Did you use the four more life? No. They're still doing their still nail on the msusives up on the door. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Mobile implantation. Hello. Yes sir. I want to talk about specialization. Last 10 years have you noticed where these doctors are getting more and more specialized for specific parts of the body. You know, you're going there. I got a maybe a problem with your big toe. You see the doctor says, wait, that's on your right foot. You need to see the other doctor. He's a specializing in the weather. Also, I found out that there is a hydrology. Can you imagine the weatherman on weather channel thing? Oh, we're going to go to our hydrology to get the rain. Predictions. And what are they going to have a small gollage just next? I mean, where does it sound? But if you want the humidity. Oh, it was in the last time. If you want the humidity, you have to go to the human doorologist. How do you like that, son? And this guy's the lucky to be a barrel. We have an open line in better call to hydrology. Just baby. Open line in day one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I got to make a confession. I'm living a very stoutor life right now. Yeah. I'm still waiting for Brian Norcoff to tell me that they take the shutters off the house. Oh, not yet. And then I turn around to come back at you. All right. Thank you. Okay. That was down 142. The German market took a big dump today. London market. Paris market. Also gigantic traps. And Alan Greenspan was on air. But Papa, they got some guy in there with a glimpse smile on his face right now. See, this is one of the greatest services in the history of mankind. They've been lying through their teeth. Instead of telling us that we got a major recession coming. And you're going to wind up losing all your guy at the end. They're going to wind up losing all your guys. They keep putting all the old well, you know, we bought them out. And we, you know, this is a key support level. And they talk all this bull crap ease. All these and by all these people on CNBC, they talk bull crap ease. Is what they do with the greatest of ease. And it doesn't mean a goddamn thing. And in the meantime, everything, 140 points down today. 238 points. Yes, today. The world markets are diving and crashing. And we're sitting here like, hey, we're going to build a new state, I'm sure. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Yes, sir. There's one good thing about the market. And how low wind-hazzing is Republicanity stock is right now? Yeah, well, well, about the people are got it. Well, now I'm sure you, everyone who had it probably told the one is a good one. I sure so. I sure hope they got out. You know, financial questions? Yeah. What's that number for? For what? The Farboat, the Good. Farewell, the God. Well, 1-800. 3-8-7. 1-4-1-7. Farewell, to Republicanity. Okay. Farewell, to Wayne. Farewell, to Bouldie. 2-0 for lines in day, 5-6-705-60, 5-60 on the mobile one line. 400-0 for lines. Good. Then, and not that's another thing. Not only are they weak, but like they're, uh, five on there for one second. And you know, they look for more second. Oh, they're all gone. First of all, just spazzes. We got one step all the Robbs Kaplan's relatives on there. Spazzes. Here's Kendall, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm doing okay. I do think maybe it's an answer. One of the, uh, you know, you heard about, uh, one of the other stations, your competitors over there on Sundays, with God, uh, the healing hour hour. They've got time at 730 to morning. Yeah. On Sundays. What do you mean? What are our competitors? We don't have any competitors. Sure, too. One of those other things over there. Thank God, we don't. Anyway, what is this about, uh, who is my Emmy mandatory? Meaning what? No, it's been a painful, what are they, yeah? It's, it's a minor league hockey team. Is that what that is? Right. How are you ever critical? Yeah. You think you're going to be any good? Let me say it again. It's a minor league hockey team. If you want to go see minor league hockey, go have a good time. That's what they are. They're like a little league, uh, lowest level. Have a great time. Like I'm listening to the worst team for two minutes. Come to work this morning and be between Slip and my CDs in and out. I'm slip it in and out. And they're talking about the Miami, uh, the fusion. And I'm thinking of myself, you know, you've got to be out of your mind, the fusion they got, some guy on the phone from the fusion. Are there more than six people in this town of Carahue, even though the fusion are? No. They county, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line, 600 open lines and Dave. Mobile in Orlando. Hello. Good afternoon. How you doing? Okay, sir. You know, it's three, happening with the loan, not being able to sell as house for 27.5 million. Who? You got to, so slides below. Yeah. The jury, the same asshole as yesterday. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, two of them and all of Dave, one call on the board. One lonely call after this asshole, I call yesterday with the same week material. All of this time was clear that I could understand it. Thank you very much, sir. Forgetting a better phone. 560, 750, 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a four-laterdale, hello. Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello. Oh, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, did you touch on, uh, I don't know how much. I don't know how much. Did you touch on, uh, Dan Quismberry, Diane today? Are you really absolutely cool? Dan Quismberry, you used the pitch for the Kansas City Roy? Oh, yeah, I did it at the age of 45. I saw it. Well, when you see that I touch on it, what is there to discuss? Well, I'll just be glad. Yeah, we're something. Yeah, yeah. You have a super pitcher. Mm-hmm. And Neil, I'm just trying to call it a failure board, buddy. Okay, thanks a lot. You're welcome, sir. And to say how to Dan. Well, I'm, you know, he's in that big baseball diamond in the sky somewhere. He's up there with a jury diamond up there in the sky. We have an open line in Dave, one of the Howard 560, I guess what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to go back to polls. We'll have to come up with topics like managed kill four hours yesterday. I knew. I knew what he was doing at that. It was really unkipper and drag. Four hours on how come, uh, you're not watching Monday and football anymore. How come the ratings are not what they used to be, et cetera. So I'm waiting for a second. You could say, because the game's tough. That's why. Because people don't want to watch a crappy product. There you go. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Any odds are going. Okay. All right. I guess nobody's in Miami is just a quick response. I guess there's still scared of a jury still coming by. A jury. There's been scared by brand for across the anyway. Um, but one of the touch upon, um, what was this that happened, uh, about baseball? What's happened with a, Dave County's open 560, 560, 560 at a mobile one line. It's, uh, you keep putting that same jacket on over and over. That's one of yours again. You think it's the same one. Hey, they all, they're all the same. They're all its one person. Okay. It's one person and about a 50 million different bodies. It's all the same little person. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Yeah, sir. Okay. A few weeks back, you were talking about an issue travel leisure magazine with the top cities to visit. Yes, or over. I was the top cities to visit. It was the top cities in the world, allegedly, uh, peri. You're, we're going to get that. I was just sitting up in the public's window. I saw the place the efforts wargrounds. I went to a news stand today and I couldn't get it. I did see a tribal leisure magazine, today, but it was for all and went through a shirt that they said. It was like a September issue. Yeah, I want it. Whatever, whatever one is out now, and that's the one that it's in. Okay. You know, if you're looking out on the cover, did you look kind of cover? What did it say? Yeah. It's just. The anything about this. I don't think you'd rather look. Okay. Can't get it. We have an open line in Brown read all ofjeet County. All 20 500 lines in date. 567. I'm not going to do this. I'm going to play some music relax. of my commercial breaks. I worked my ass off these three days. I've got about 600 days working these last three days. Has it been worth it? No, of course not. Me talk about the inverse proportion of something in and something out. You've been so good to me. Oh, yeah. It's world where mine is. I give you the flowers to present the seed. Take them to them just saying, here, examine in my mind. It's connected. You dig up there. You dig the eyes. You dig in there. Why it's connected? I've got to be a dynamite up there. Some sitting here with my microphone open and I think I'm the urses on you're out there. What is it, David? Danny wants to answer one. Danny wants to dance for me? No. It's the TV show when you come right down with. I don't want to get them upset because they're already like on the way off. They're already all, yeah, just an inch away from the unemployment line. And of course, we are going to have a real bad recession, guys. I don't want to get you depressed. I don't want to get you down and out and hit you below the belt when it really hurts the most. But you know, it's what it is. Because they're facing us out there on whammy. We're facing us out here on two-way and the audience is facing me out of their lives. And I can understand. I can relate to it. I still got a few nickels to rub together. One twenty six is five. Okay. We have an open line of day one and a brown. Five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I don't want to be a chronic. This is the third time I've called since you came over to QAM. Yeah. Okay. That doesn't call five years of chronic. No, it's your doesn't. Well, in the midst of all the excitement about the hurricane. Yeah. Rick's fanchant how to classify. Has only he can have. Yeah. Thank God it wasn't a human job. That wasn't a human. Something like that. He said he said that we've had 600 reports on it. I don't want to get a feel bad but we've heard it. I'm sorry. Or it's only don't be sorry. Hey, are you going to go to borders anytime soon? No. No. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. We have two open lines in day two and brown. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget we all be in borders by the gallery and for the auditor. This is Saturday noon to two and pizza loft next to the October 6th, 8 PM. Call me again in three years, pal. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes? Hello. Is it? Hello, it's me, Juan. Speaking. Oh, how are you today? Okay. I just wanted to give you a little picture. Yes. This is the first time I called you. Uh-huh. And we just want to say that we know that we, we, the Christian Marlemmajority, you get you off the air. Oh, really? Yeah, this year. This year? Yeah. How are you going to do that? Because the Christians are the majority. Oh, well, you're watching Christian majority. So, called has been trying to get me off the air for 20 years. You know what? I'm still here, sweetheart. We have to get an up here. You haven't given up? Well, let me ask you something. You can find something better to do. Like, go help some starving people. Go feed to the homeless people. How do you know I don't? I'm positive you don't. Because if you're busy listening to the show every day, worried about getting radio shows off here, you don't have time to be doing anything productive. Oh. I could Christian lady. I'm a good Christian lady. No, you sound like a bigoted bitch to me. Oh. Oh. Yes? You don't think you won't be off the air by then the year? Oh, I guarantee. But your life on it that I won't. Well, we'll see what the Christian majority can do. Oh, we'll see what it would be like. That was the Christian majority. Because I've never quite heard that term before. I've heard of the moral majority. I've heard of the Christian coalition. I've heard the American Family Association, the Florida Family's the Christian majority. That's something you just need to remember. Oh, a Christian moral, my Jewish. Oh, the Christian moral majority. The Christian all majority? Moral. Yes. You like all of that what you said? No. Yes, you do. I didn't say that. You take it up the. Rectome. You also do that? You're very mad. No, I just want to know the truth. That's all the truth. So, set you free. Oh, okay. Do you enjoy sex in the? You don't? No. Well, maybe you ought to try it. No. No, yes. I think so. Why do you say that? No, what it says in the Bible, those who say, no. What they really mean is that's not true. That's what it says right there in the Leviticus. Where? More or less right on the first page. If you know it, if you buy you better go read your Bible, so we don't know craft. The Christian moral majority. Right, we're going to get you off the ear. It took like a 30 seconds to get her to on twist the phone from her thing before I could find a good or say hello. There you go. Dave County's wide open. That's what we get from Dave County. That's our contribution from Dave County today. That's true. That's true. That's true. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. I'm going to shrub tomorrow just in spite of you, okay, honey? Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. I'm not sure what I tell you about the city. It's a shame that I was terrible by Woody Logan. You know there was another Woody Logan for it. And this one, though, ran out of, oh, for a lot of time. They never had a meeting, never had a personal appearance. And he got a look on the other main thing. They can eat him out of a lot of time. Yeah, never had a meeting with a picture thing. Well, send him back to the pelacas a good place for him, okay? Him and the Abush mice through. Max made an heaven. We have an open line of Dave one and a broad word. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, maybe that lady earlier should get in the rectum. Maybe she'll be a little happier. No, she's taken in the rectum. Don't worry about that. You think all those Christians they love it? Yeah, well, the Jewish ones majority said you're going to stay. So that's more important down here. Yeah, I can talk about the response this week. I'm going to stay. Make no mistake about that. Right, we are going to see if you want to any of the Panther exhibition. I'm going tonight. Did you go to the one before? No, I did not. I forgot about a town. Did you get to see it on TV? Is there not on TV? No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. I'm not sure if that's your own work. Let me say this to you and with all the do respect. How guys play any guys play in the exhibition game means absolutely nothing. Yeah, they're they're trying to pedal us a big song. And then you do realize now that the Kevin Week has gone up to play in the Canada, the Canadian National Team. Because they haven't been able to sign him and his age wants ridiculous amounts of money. So really what they're stuck with now, they got Sean Burke and Kirk McCleain, Burke and Jerk is what they got in goal. And I'm going to tell you something. We got real problems. We're doing it in a lot of luck. That's right. Thank you. Okay, good luck to us. I mean, I realized that they would like to have made some other deal. They thought they had Richter, they heard what they had pop in. They thought they thought B and he always thinks something and Trump in the come-shop and don't happen. And they're going to make you a big song to the answer about Sean Burke and yeah, he's one of those guys who for a couple of games here, a couple of games they're very impressive and give you the idea that hey, this guy's really something as opposed to Kirk McCleain who wants it a while might play a really good game but not very often. And that's what they got and they kept calling us they were going to approve the goal, tending to which we say, right. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. No, yes sir. Hey, I'll leave register Republican, you know what, I'm voting Democrat here. Great. Just say you're in use. Okay. All right, that's it. Congratulations, amigo. Thank you. And we're tracing the call, they'll be coming after you. We have an all the fact that lady that Christian lady because Christian Republican is an anonymous down in America, she'll be coming after you sir and showing you what's for, she'll get your ass off the year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, that's right. So get his show off the guy. They may every force you get to ours off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and pump. 6, the Christian more on majority. Good old Christians, baby. Christian, bigot is that what you're saying, lady. Good old, bigot in Christian because as soon as they start talking Christian, you know what they're talking about hate. That's right, we hate this one. We hate that one. We don't like what you say. Therefore, we're going to censor we're going to get you off because we can't handle the truth. Because we should be the only ones to properize and fill the public with all our bullcraft. Nice guns, we'd art crap. And by the way, don't get sore about it. We're going to go more there, either. 20.