We're talking to the wall. We're talking to the wall. We're talking to like pups to your door. Or do you like parent? Or do you like um, you know, some inanimate object? Because certainly the response has got to be a million times better than speaking to the way our sales manager. But anyway, we don't want to dwell on that. Do we? Do we want to dwell on that? Do we want to dwell on that for like four hours today? Ah, my God. This place. Woo! I'll tell you one thing, at least the audio you can understand what we're saying. I'm never going to mention this again. I just mentioned this in passing only one time last night. Just not really watching to see the show, whatever they put together on it, whammy abortion. But just to see if it was actually on. Since evidently the night before they had some kind of very infomercial or fun razor, or who knows what it was. And they don't bother telling us about that. So last night, you're an up 10 30 comes and they're on the channel 69 on whammy. There was the show. There was my purse. My uh, what is it? Pacing on our tasty. What is it? Pookie. My Pookie, Puss. And uh, you know, and sure enough, it starts out the home program. You know, I mean, after hearing perfectly normal audio you want to preceding programs, sports to direct and the promo in the middle or whatever. And there comes the Pookie Neo. And before and before and again, I cranked the volume way up and here's this gigantic home job that even Monica would have been impressed with. And the bottom line is that under no circumstances, can the people over there at that television station? And there was a programming where the risk would bad and different. You like to hear it. The other programs, there's no problem with the audio, including those old episodes of masks, they're all washed out and you can really see those old black and white monsters episode, at least you hear the audio. Video may not be too good, but now don't get picky, okay? Just because it's television. But for some strange reason, unbeknownst to me for months now, they just can't get the audio. Just it is, if there's actually anybody who has been watching that, that's a major miracle. That's probably one of the greatest accomplishments of my lifetime is that there really were people who watched because for some, I think it might have something to do with this town. I could be wrong about that. I think a high school TV station, Batavia, New York, could probably produce and put together something a better technical quality than they're putting on whammy. Where we get the double whammy. Number one, nobody's watching the station and number two, when they do finally put the thing out here. Look what a room, look, look, turn that volume away up and a lot of you turn it up the louder the hum job is. That should be part of the promo, we should have billboards up all over town. Watch the old Rogers, watch Pupi Neal on Whammy, a free hum job with every show. What's wrong with that? There you go, not bad. So like I said, I'm not going to mention it again because I don't even watch a thing anymore. I'm sure nobody else does either, but I was just checking, just checking to see if they showed her last night and boy was at a bad move on my part. Because the embarrassment and humiliation level is the astronomical, just off the Richter scale. Speaking of Richter scale, so last night I'm watching the Pittsburgh Philadelphia game on ESPN, which I'm sure maybe a half a dozen of you did also. And I'm watching the put bouncing around a writer with a son said, well, I love this about our local newspapers. They've got guys who are kind of like mix and match. Remember Pat Curry? She was a religion writer, she was the radio writer. You know, whatever they need to do this week, they were a lot of different hats and depends. So it all depends on whoever is handy to write a column, even though they know nothing about it. So I wrote Wonderman writes the hockey column in the Sun Sentinel today, who's the little VA writer, but they're 18 when they're. And they've gone a little bit, they're just, and he's going to be honest. So anyway, it says the quality of the ice left Murray, Terry Murray, and no it after the workout of the National Car rental the end of the center yesterday, that was a joke out there today. He said with the building incredibly warm, the fog is there, compensation, water falling off the clock. This is a brand new building. And the ice absolutely blows. This is one more part of the ambiance that we have with all these new arenas that they built. And when I got my last friend tour of the building there before they opened, I looked at that refrigeration room and it looked vivid and man-made and look beautiful. The ice is that it's going to make it look very impressive. Just like the weaning itself looks very impressive when you go in there and then you realize all of the problems that exist. Like the crappy audio system, etc. and so on. David, can't hear the National Anthem, you can't hear the PA audio, real problem. Turn on your TV station. Yeah, audio is a real problem. But again, like I said before, maybe it's here. Maybe it's just, maybe after all these years, it's finally sinking in. I'm finally beginning to understand where I am. Because especially after the devastating meeting that I just had with our sales manager, I mean, I should understand where I am. And like I said to her, let's just run. I think what we ought to do is have a new format. Let's run about 45-50 minutes of spots every hour. And we'll seriously call it all spots radio. I mean, that's been done before. That wouldn't be original. There have been people who tried that. They didn't last too long. But there have been stations in America that have tried that. All commercial is all day. And that's all you have on there. Kind of like Mr. Ego show. Or he runs like 10 tape spots all over. Oh, look, yeah, other like muffled and various levels of onability. But that fits right in on this covering. Because the worst the audio is the, the better the audience likes that I guess or maybe management likes it better that way. So we're like 45 minutes of spots. And then like every human that's all come on, maybe we'll take a call. Like if anybody would call on those circumstances, they would just do screen lists on those days, you know. And punch up an occasional call. I'll make a few comments about this. And then we'll go into another break. All spots radio. I think I think we finally got the winner here. But hey, let's talk about those gators, huh? That's what we're going to talk about today. Aren't we? No, not those gators and cemeterals. No. Overgrown children are refused to grow on. No. 10 minutes after 10. From the people who brought you the only network for kids comes to brand new network for adults. Nickelodeon. Nickelodeon brings you quality adult program. Like Clarissa Shaves All and Rug Birds and programs for the alternative lifestyle. It shows like two angry jervils and my brother in me. Not to mention blockbuster movies like three men on a little lady. Call your cable company today. And tell them you want Nickelodeon. It's the only channel exclusively for adults. And they're probably on the other side. Yeah, oh there it is. 10 15 to 5 60 WQAM. Rocker pleats not guilty to child sex charges. 70 Britain gods lamb rocker Jerry Gwitter appeared in a UK court romantir they in New England pleading not guilty to a variety of child sex charges. The charge was actually added by an attorney for Gwitter who's the only was called GAD who spoke only to confirm his name in London address. Hearing was being held at the term of a sufficient evidence exists to actually put Gwitter on trial. All that Gwitter is is not that old. In May the Associated Press reported that the singer had been accused of court counts of indecent assault and one charge of sexual assault on two girls. One charge stems from a 1976 incident and the other is from its incident that occurred between 1980 and 1983. In addition, Gwitter has been charged with 51 counts of taking in these and photographs of children as well as 50 counts of processing such images on a computer. The charges were filed in November of 1997 after computers to discover the images on a hard rather computer to rocker send in for repair and alerted authorities. Police then searched with his residence, seized in videos and photographs, dropped the incident, Litter has maintained his innocence. There was sold more than 18 million records during his career scoring a huge international hit in 1972 with a beat heavy rock and roll part two the only lyric in which is the word hey repeated no more time. The Rousing Anthem is still played at Sportic Events across the globe. Litter charged with 101 offenses associated with taking in possessing a decent photograph was arrested last year as he returned from a holiday in Cuba. I just keep playing that sooner or later they decided they're having a really good time. Even though the ice is crappy at the hockey games and the guys can't skate and the fuck is bouncing around like a rubber ball don't confuse people with the fact just just glitz it up a lot just glittered up a lot that's right that's where the end came from. That's where the word glitz came from. You play enough Gary Glitter. Right everybody's convinced we're having a hell of a great time or I'll fire it off into pissed off instead of and so on. Here's Del Rey Beach hello. Okay there was a medley of our call that was our first and only call of the day in Del Rey Beach and a weighted five minutes and 48 seconds and just as I got to them there just as it was the moment of truth to unload their important information whatever was to communicate with the host. At that point when. Like that. Did you see that? Five minutes and 48 seconds. And we're paying for the call to brother one. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Speaking of the passes by the way since we have absolutely no interest in it as a team but the stockholders out there may be getting a little bit this concerted about it. Panthers may spin off team focused to be on hotel properties and in the business section the day there's a big article likely we'll spin off a hockey team into what's on company within two years. Now keep in mind that the people who bought the port of Panthers stock at a third place many of you suckers out there. Bought it because it was you know you wanted a little piece of the team it was like for whatever reason. The may you feel like you were like a little minority owner of the hockey team and now he's spinning it off because naturally they bought up all these hotels and the hotel business ain't quite going his way either. Neither is anything else like Republican history in the old. Craper that's right. In fact for the port of Panthers the stock is also in the old. Craper. Cheers post of $10 and 13 cents yesterday down 25 cents after hitting a 52 week high of 22 88 and March. If I didn't open it about the 9 or 10 bucks and then I went up to like 30 very briefly and then all of a set of win the tank. It's 52 week low being $7 and 13 cents on October 9. And so I built to Ray was there and I guess some of the people there given these stockholders that showed up some free food some or derives bunch of a BS. I think I feel that about a dozen questions from shareholders it said among them why are there no French fries at the arena club level? Yeah! Now we're talking now we're getting to the meat of the matter these are the kinds of things that people invest in stocks that's what they want to know how come there's no god damn French fries at the arena club level in the brand new macarina Mr. Baldi and was high Zenga involved in the firing of former Panthers coach Doug McClan we don't know if you know the answer that but of course as usual we ain't lied about that said he had nothing to do with it and then it was just the more inaccurate information from the news media we're always causing trouble and making stuff up but as for the french fries he's going to look into it so if you've bought for the Panthers holdings assuming that it had something to do with a hockey team guess again and remember those hotels that were involved in this that the Wayne and his buddies as partners made all of extra money off the sale of those hotels but anyway we don't want to get in that because a lot of money was stuffed into individual pockets including Wayne and the U.S. stockholders out there your stuff would like to know what is it now 10 bucks a year hey listen it's got to get a lot worse just like the public Republic industries U.P. or bad news out there that's been like real honest to got money and didn't get out before we're in the tech which I noticed it's about what 17 bucks down not too good here's a mobile inline panah hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing there okay hey yeah this is called for land tennis yeah I want you to find out you know that all the drivers are airborne is pretty if I know you are like airborne is press and we're from vehicle Italy yeah well I don't like your born express one hello I say that oh that's right yeah I don't like your born is bad they their service is really bad but their drivers might be okay but they're yeah we're only for you we all like you but it's out here you want to know that we like you like I said airborne expresses are God all right okay okay they suck now their service is really very poor but hey that's the way goes better speak to ma you know up on side down the other five six seven five sixty pound was thinking when I came in this morning and this was even before screw-in came down here and I got hysterical about three minutes before the hour ended in Georgia coming here and closed the door and looking me like hoping that I wasn't going into a catatonic state like Florida I was thinking you know what's wrong with him music every day in between the spots huh Neil his music and his spots yeah because then it takes the pressure off the callers I mean I understand it's a lot of pressure and you get really tired of me nudging it's like my mother you know that a heart of goal she means well but she's a nudge and nobody likes being nudging too much it gets to be very annoying and when you have basically nothing to say and you're not interested in any of the things that I'm talking about why should you have to put up with me nudging you all the time to make phone calls or we can sit here play out on the spot for a little bit of music just kind of sit back and relax get that blood pressure down life is too short to get all better shape about this you I mean you know that TV thing I was thinking come to work this one that's a bad thing to do start thinking about all those people who were involved in putting that show together and I'm not saying they're bad people now that they're gone I'm not going to bad mouth them that they're out of here too much but wouldn't you think that if you were involved if that was your job and you had any pride forgetting about the fact that it was my puky post that was there on a short of a night but that you would like be concerned about the fact that the people over there I'm looking road couldn't put that on the air and get at least the audio right do you know what I'm saying you follow what I'm saying all those people are running around here eating a free food for five and a half months wouldn't you think that one of them at least would have been concerned enough to say hey what gives with his crap we're going to come over there hold your hand for the half hour tonight and I sit and watch what you're doing because somebody over there is screwing it up or sabotage you get or both of the above did it ever reach that point no was the river or that kind of concern or involvement no of course not see that's where I'm missing the boat I think I could use some good advice from the audience here today I need to be brought back in the real world and I just have a I'll confess it's my biggest weakness in life I have a very very difficult time in an in striving for mediocrity I just oh seriously I just have a tough time doing that and if the people at borders for example don't want to cooperate with us if we got to send our people out there to shake them down for the money that you're donating to send a one and buy in our best of an heel stuff if we got to do that if they don't care about it what the hell am I going to do I can't I don't have the time physically or the ability to run around to all the eighths doors from bokeh and boating beach up there all the way down to candle and shake people down and even who the hell to talk to and say hey you've got money that this charity needs to do their work to help these people any more than I can make Reggreeze smart I just can't do that he doesn't get it he doesn't come close to getting it these hours here like I said yesterday and I'll say it again and again until it gets to be really ponderous which you probably already is but I'm going to keep repeating it we're like we're like an invasion here we're like out of fish out of water we're not going to sit here and talk up as much as silly people that want to argue about the gators and the sandals and who's got the biggest penis and all the other bokeh who cares that's baby crap that's kid crap so we're like totally out of place but the only thing we ever said was give us a little something like when we go out on these appearances give us some station promotional material yeah right on come on a George's laughing hysterically he's on the floor like some bumpers come on like maybe some QAM buttons I said yeah something that why didn't people are on my own and I have to somehow I mean maybe some of you can that's can tell me I have a great story and I did I'm reluctant to tell it I'm reluctant to tell it because it's about a place it's not a sponsor anymore it was once upon a time at the agency but it takes me like poison I did a great job for them by the way do I dare tell this story from two days ago it it's so incredible and I don't want to offend my close personal friend who's the humanity over this particular establishment I don't want to say it's my bank but I mean it is so astonishing I'm going to do the break and I'll think about whether I want to tell the story or not and I'm not I'm not exaggerating I'm not hallucinating for example screw-in when she was down here before I say a manager I pointed out to her that I have a piece of copy for a client here that is older than Mithus was grandmother and I pull the copy of the she says well they the saleshold told me that there's been new copy put in their since then everything that I say is a lie just keep that in mind okay because I'm a troublemaker I'm a bad guy we'll do that and so I picked a folder out of our hanging folder file here to my right and I opened it up to show her there's nothing else in here is sweetheart that's it what you see what you get rhymes with something that rhymes with get what is it I think you pulled it out and hit it yeah I pulled it out that's when she went running out of here must that good I suck that bitch anyways tent here I go again I'm talking on a one hand about not doing this and I'm getting myself all worked up into a frenzy and psychotic and hysterical about it about things that I have no control over because I'm a bad guy let's face it I admit it I'm a bad I'm a son of a bitch tent for a baby or today breaking win news we go to the WWE World Wrestling Federation let me say something thing you'll I've made me the I've stayed champion I'm gonna sit everything aside I'm not gonna wait for a challenge from you I'm gonna get to a challenge right here right now and a few people go like it and that's today breaking win news pepper to 2550 WTO about to say a special good learning to our close personal friends at Markle Marine and tonight what does it say yeah I mean Scott the whole word FUNL's got a a finger they actually stuck their finger out of thanks machine a beautiful job will give me the finger right on the fact and all time first let's hear a little bit more co international marine or whatever it is and back actually two by the way so when you hear this story now this is so astonishing I mean maybe I'm making a lot out of it I just found it to be unacceptable and growth test Monday I go to the post office and of course I've been a vacation for nine or ten days and I pick up what amounts to wait they give me one of those from the post office one of those big male carrier things one of those plastic trays because it was that much male so I take home my meal and I'm going through it Monday afternoon and I find in there one of those notices from the bank you know the kind of notice I'm talking about it's always a real thin envelope like the overdrawn kind of right that kind of a thing I'm thinking what the hell is this and I open it up and it says in there you have resulted in a check written for the amount of $12,000 amount of dollars was it was paid but it was not sufficient funds and you recount is minus 90 so whatever it was some some ridiculous thing on my business account so I look at my check book and I I see that sure enough on November 3rd fourth whatever they before when in vacation I've made a deposit which I do this all the time I deposit one amount and then I write myself to my personal account a check for a similar amount or a little bit less whatever it was but there's no way that could be overdraft because it was it was all done at the same time so I thought well what the hell is this all about I better call my good friend Matt over at the bank and fight out because Matt takes very good care of me is a great guy this has no end and this has got nothing to do with him because he wasn't there that day so I look on the notice and I see the number of the banks what do you have to look it up I dial the number and it rings and rings this is 330 and the afternoon okay and finally a voice a dark-complexed male voice is there such a thing as a dark-complexed voice you know what I'm talking about you know what I'm talking about that kind of a voice the security guard answers the phone hello this is my bank I said yeah is you're laughing already this is no seriously this is the best part this is doing business and floor again and I said I speak to Matt please is Matt there I had things she's here I got news for Matt ain't no shield okay believe me what I'm trying to do that Matt is no she's a real man's man that's what his new wife says anyway and I thought that's kind of peculiar now I get put on hold for a couple of seconds and on comes a female voice dark-complexed and she says oh I said is this is this the bank is this Republic security and there's got kind of a twisting and gnashing and and all of a sudden I hear that sound keep in mind I have just called my bank not just plumbing store where maybe they're having a gang bang in a back room or something I just called my bank the security guard answered the phone and then some other voice some faceless voice comes on there and she says hello and when I asked was like this and believe me when I tell you this was the place because when I dialed a number again she answered this time the faceless voice and I tried to explain the I said first of all is Matt oh he's not here today he's not getting this coffee is whatever it is and I tried I explained to her what the problem was and she kind of looked it up and sat there and like well I don't know I should I you want to call me back you as you're called you back then it was the most unacceptable the most bizarre the most peculiar trans I don't know what I wasn't a transaction but just the communication I've ever had in my life I can't think of any phone call even the most bizarre weirdos we've ever had which we have me every day of my life under the show I can't think of any call that was even in the same league with this because we expected from these people but when you call a business establishment especially a bank where you're like your money is in there folks okay your money is in there and the security guard answers and it's like well is this the bag oh well yeah yeah like that so that was my experience I'm Monday doing business in South Florida and like I said I'm I'm out of line I'm in the right if I want to go like to a real living and breathing place that's fine then you can expect real living and breathing business to be done but when you're in Florida the rules are different here I remember years ago and they had that bumper sticker campaign the rules are different here and god only knows there was truth and packaging with that thing because they sure is how long the security guard answers the phone is matter I yeah she's here she maybe the reason that wasn't there because he was out for a sex change operation maybe that's what was going on Monday I don't think so god here's my Emmy hello my Emmy Daniel yes sir I just want to ask you two quick questions you're real fast you were talking about cigars mixed together day and the one you said was the bus one you ever had what was the name but we're domo reserve for domo which I don't think they have any right now but for domo for domo or domo we're real domo we're real real real yeah like Paul Revere and real quick I'm a year god father collection I don't know before god's on a little I watched these two movies got by the one and two last night for about the 50th time and something is bugging the hell out of me yeah I little Frankie what was his last name for Angela or Angela whatever was Frankie pen tangyly five angel and Angela that's not for five in how many times did he just kill them at movie they dug into the phone booth one time a gutter's canyony yeah and then he tried his wrist with yeah okay well listen I think you're a you qualify and over the phone he accent to be the godfather for I think you qualify keep working on it like I said I thought to call on Monday of the bank was strange but now go to show you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal mobile one line I think we can learn a lot from each other here in this town these next several months these next several years I really mean that I think we can learn at just don't have this attitude about the expecting things to be done in a professional way in a reasonable way just slide you way through maybe thank you way through they call they call if they don't call they don't call just as long as we got a lot of business on there that's all we care about what the hell was mad at doing down there by the way what was his story who mad oh I'll tell you out here okay a good news a great yes sir I low jack all done he's working on it what is he doing he said yes sir thank you very much you're a gentleman the scholar got my low jack in my new car now I'm also at the rocket roll we're cooking hey yo this is Gino and you may not believe it but just a short time ago and have your fucking credit card ready I mean it are you laughing at me if that went on here to do 1045 and 560 WQA and here's the fact this is last night I watched the few minutes of your alleged show on channel 69 watched is the operative words that's I couldn't hear anything yourself that god damn homie hmm that's it after a minute or two I shut it off out of pure frustration maddee lesha men is cool really school that screwed up a golden opportunity the TV show could have been fantastic it's too bad that he goes to put it in just plain incompetent sabotage to let insult to win jerry every time I flip through 69 the reads are running that hero show with the tool ladies for the 752nd time or mash you know what show they're talking about oh yeah that one there's a dead body of the dumpster oh yeah that's your if I were to kill alba alba and all the now it says I could call it justifiable homicide and I would leave his body in the same dumpster where the old ladies live this James nice going James right on target our center one total is 61 thousand three hundred nine way along I see in a grove rice week we did sixty bucks that's three of pieces of merchandise in the grove and pointy beach we're still waiting to hear from but I'm sure they did still our last week 61 thousand three oh nine you can go to any of your eight borders all over south photo pick up your best of meal season cassettes and the Saturday noon to two will be at the borders in candle candle drive and dixie highway is that gonna be some turn out or it oh hi that's gonna be gigantic donner wanted that'll be great all our long boss friends down there in south there that we haven't seen an ages look them up from colorado to come from south Miami they'll come in from a three water they'll be hurt from all over the place noon to two this Saturday at borders in candle here's Davy hello Davy yes yes sir yes you were talking about those nonstop Vegas trips yesterday and what the nonstop Vegas trips oh yeah nonstop flights yeah right the name of the airline will be national airline what do we mean will be well what do I mean plan carriers it's a plan carrier yes and do they have planned planes and plan airspace they're planning they plan to get some fifty seven yeah and get some to head it's going to be in charge Wayne high-pingo well close it's going to be the head the former head of America worse the former head of America worse their lines Michael Conway yeah and they've been off for you the same luxury in comfort that they do on America worse probably well forget that yeah they're going to start up in early it's 99 alleged yeah uh oh well thanks for the good news okay we have an open line of day one at broad nine's okay just keep that in mind just in case they ever do materialize they're in the works they're thinking about getting some planes they're thinking about maybe flying somewhere and uh who knows maybe they'll think about actually doing something someday call us back and let us know what it really happens okay sir thank you here's a mobile in homestead hello and he'll be wherever it is hello hey hey is it on the home okay sir yeah well just gone first time follow your show and I just wanted to let you know that this friend of mine he's to call your show and those are at wrong or something like that remember him yeah yeah he's been pretty good guy you know he works there in McDonald's and he's a heck of a nice guy uh huh yeah two friendly yeah two friendly and two much your desperately need of assistance yes okay have a great day pal is that incredible what I take back what I said before about my call to the bank this was a thousand times more shocking we have two open lines of day to a branching for intelligent life here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hi he was a morning how are you I I we don't know today to be honest with you I caught a meeting a whole change in my life well we must be dealing with the same brands because I had an experience with some type of security bank yesterday I went into the day and while I was making a deposit they told me that my balance was uh significantly higher and I I'd rather softly and my business and I would attack on my business account to my personal account right and they told me that uh the endorsement on the check was incorrect and they they're two different things I'm dealing with so they said they turned they sent the check back and it didn't pay it so I wrote another check after I had triple confirmed with them saying you know you're sure that you didn't pay it you know that it paid by if you sent that anyways this morning you get a phone call from the brand manager by the way your counts over drawing you are two checks for the same amount I thought what the hell are you talking about I was there this yesterday you told me there's no way and how you gonna pay it because of the endorsement problem right now you tell me they're like oh okay we're sorry we're sorry you're okay you know you know what kind of happens that you have a little not not let me ask you when you went there yesterday did you talk to the security guard to get this right now for him as you answer it no sir so he answered the phone on Monday security or the phone is ringing and ringing I'm thinking what I think I really was thinking that they must be having a hold up over there I was ready to call it cops are you talking about the one at the fire I just got my pee yeah I hate to do it because they've been very nice to me but I mean that experience I had on Monday that big these sides the fact that they screwed up my account for whatever reason which I made both the positives at the same time there's no way that there could have been insufficient funds but setting that aside you know what takes can happen but calling your bank and having the security guard answer and then having some broad come on here who'd like in co-herit and then slam in the phone down I mean uh then then she comes back on and the conversation I had with her was in co-herit at best on satisfactory well I just thought I'd share that with you well we're right on the button don't work to it again have a great day okay god open line a date to a growline so we are money that they're dealing with I mean what are we getting up subtitle about like I said before just go with a flow baby go with a flow here's South Miami hello hello Neil yes sir I wrote a book that you might find funny finished at uh there you go uh it is a book about god 13 year old set in the 14th century they post post modern fairy tale so I go on or is that enough no that's enough okay we have an open line a date to a groward 567560 pom-pies 60 on a mobile one line here's South Miami hello hello Neil from cello for natures yes sir that moved by the way we're finally coming here for well we're only here for a week for the film festival and for a lot of down oh okay but we took the rail car and we punched up the dial and I got your dial I tell you we have had an absolute ball everything else is just a mess yeah I mean the team well if you found this show that's the only thing worth coming here I'm telling you is there any way that we can pick you up in telephone you through the internet no on the internet yeah I'm on the internet you do are you okay I will make arrangements to do that and uh poe n we also have a teleband and a relay rod you're done 560 in San Francisco any relation no okay now I was kind of Roy aha okay any you do is there any way that we can get you to come to the telephone you no and finally honest with you I'm considering all options at this point my life I'm my might open any offers well some moment check out Santa Cruz and South San Francisco I think you're falling love with it I've been there yeah yeah the other thing the uh you're talking about I have actually I know this is frightening but I've actually been out of the county recently well we'd love to have you no chance you're a real talent the other thing is what you're bank yeah this is just the the the stages of the why to pay problem and okay well listen have a great life okay we got two open lines today two and a broad every nut every wacko in the world we're going to hear from today I like it this is something I can think my teeth into man even better than my little stody on my puffin on here because we can't get the real good stuff from next 5670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir hi wrong time we're to the first time calling yeah at least we're thinking I could get someone that was a person but I get a great word I won't keep it wrong about what my in the years the land of super community yeah it's a new one I think you should apply to my in the next one and I think you're sure I would be using that a lot on the year we'll see how long it lasts we have an open line and power to and did it have to be a great thing that was so depressed I was suicidal when I got came on here at 10 o'clock I wasn't really too pleased when I came into building this morning but then after that meeting with screw-in which I had demanded and there I go again we'll see you get what you ask for you ask to talk to a bimbola what do you get you get a bimbola you get a bunch of bimbola you get double talk she is the only person I've ever known in my life including my mother I mean my mother can be first ring but she's she's got an excuse 100 years old she asked you the same question or tell you the same thing a thousand times because she forgot she's got an excuse she's 150 years old but this bitch I mean this subroad I have I don't know what her story is because you you talked to her and she's at it every conversation with screw-in is the same thing you just she just keeps repeating the same thing round and round like a dog chasing its tail and you come back to the beginning you start all over again it's like an endurance contest and she always wins because she just wears you out you just finally say effort okay screw it right that's there's a method to remember she just figures if she just stands there and keeps going fit for that f*** like that long enough you'll finally say effort screw it already just get out of here man she be the best out there her she be great as a teller in my bank she's fit in like a glove I mean there's some very nice people including my good friend Matt there at the bank I'm sorry that I felt compelled to tell that story but I just you know it just takes just that's you back when you call your bank because they just sent you when notice they made a mistake and they sent you with overdraft notice and you call the bank to try to get to the bottom of it and find out what the f is going on and the security guard be answering the phone and then what he was asking me about where the hell is the arribs and chicken that the order then I really got pissed off 1056 and 516QA yeah the meal Roger Shutterdale maybe you love my jockey short it's 1102 at 560 WQM we got a hike coming up from Shuelostake 2 at 2 o'clock we got the books to a six I believe in and they're capital 10 I didn't even look at a schedule because I guess that's what we got you know that caller before that fruit cake that called from other West Coast I mean I think he's honest up the note you the fact that the security guard answered the phone at my bank on Monday that is just the tip of the iceberg for the why to pay problem don't you think so is that what it's uh oh yeah that's what it's all about I mean in fact when we hit when it gets to being midnight December 31st 1990 and that rolls over to the 21st century at that point you're going to be calling out like dominoes and the security guard is going to be answering the phone at dominoes in fact the security guard might even deliver your goddamn pizza on January 1st 2000 don't you think that there's a uh I think he's on with here's Miami hello what's up new not much sir what are you thinking about that monica thing now let's you look at a big fat snap now after all that mean what oh I didn't you look like a big fat sat before I looking even worse now yeah yes I don't think you're a lot less fat cow linda trip this I don't look like I think uh totally totally it looks so bad I don't know why are they wasting our time with this only why don't people in favor they are just love it they eating it all I'm not I don't live I want to hear about either one of them again any rock dude later okay right okay now we're down to one call on the board see that I'm going to explain to you what's going on in this way I try to explain this through an I have tried desperately to explain to our program director our general manager George can give you his own first hand experience from doing this year last week even giving stuff away let me do the last call here because why should they have to wait mobile and homestead hello yes sir have the best thing story that'll make you feel yeah don't tell me the bank okay I'm not gonna say the bank I switched from a very very thick branch to a local branch yeah okay a smaller a saw bank and I went there to small banks to deposit my check okay a big check deposit it no problem your account's open you're done I said well we can't get you an ATM card for 30 days I said how about my supposed to take money out of my account he days 30 days he says well it's a new relationship and we can't give you an ATM card for 30 days well what do you mean it's a new relationship suppose you went in there and cash to run to check out the cash the next day they would cash it for you a periodic as it sounds the same situation with security guards yeah and it's a small bank in ten and it just is a moment of thinking and it makes you want to say you know what the other section just gave me here you go on my can even open the box all right okay good luck pal I love you Neil see at the ATM oh you can't have one of those for next five or six months till we get to know you a little bit so we find out you're not a deadbie two open lines a day one and a flower and find on see the problem I see once I get into it I'm gonna spend at least four or five hours on it and hand can take the day off because this phone thing we've got here in this place and this format that we've got this is they don't care they do not care they refuse to care and they keep tossing numbers around 16 minutes 14 minutes 17 minutes 19 minutes it doesn't make any difference to them what it amounts to is that see back in the old days in IOD we used to have a newscasts at the top of each hour newscast run five minutes generally speaking I'm most radio stations it's just the way it is on AM stations it's an old fashioned kind of a thing air v hour at the top of the area to have CBS news and B.C. news ABC news local local news some kind of a goddamn newscast and the reason it was usually there is it was a spot carrier in other words the news was a sold thing the news is brought to you by a high-meon called bank the guy that what is with this guy was just talking about that bank the news is brought to you by and it's something to sell the track against brought you by a high-meon call a department store whatever well all during the years that I've been doing talk it was one of those things that you would dread getting to the end of the hour because when you finally worked through the hour and you got the phones hopefully some response on there and a few people live up and going and then the newscast would come over like running driving your car into a brick wall because then like a little light bulb went off in the heads of these people who might wait while you're talking to people while the show is going on but as soon as the newscast comes on the the little message comes out all jesus now we're going to have to wait to their whole newscast and then they got to come back and and by the time they come back everybody is basically gone well on this radio station we've got something even better than a newscast at the top there we don't have no newscast because we don't have any news department we only have those long and sippin tune out sports updates over and over with that melodramatic music in the background that goes on and on and on we only have those but what we do have is we have these long commercial breaks and of course when you you know add the rejoin and the fact that the live's post in there were a little bit more than a minute and with some of the copy that we get like a minute and a half you're talking about interruptions four times an hour on this show that are almost a whole newscast very close to it and so what George discovered last week and I you know I don't sound glad from a sadistic standpoint but at least misery loves company you got to discover that even when you're giving stuff away in this free loading town they still won't hang on because as soon as you go into the break then little light bulb goes off and it's oh my god it's another newscast it's another five minutes before we finally ever get back and of course when you take the four minutes of spots and the 15 seconds or 20 seconds of rejoin and then we play our comedy bit here which I'm certainly not going to eliminate those from the show that could run like a minute and a half there's six minutes four times an hour you see what I'm saying and so for the last several months since we've had this epidemic of nonstop spots on his radio show and on a whole radio station you work yourself to a frenzy to try to motivate people to get off their ass get on the phone and then when you look over and you see finally like they are now most of them are lit up and then as soon as you go into a goddamn break bingo you sit there and you watch them a drop off like flies like flies off a pile that's right here's a mobile in Miami hello hey I do it okay sir all right I want to comment on the banking systems yes you know I wanted to positive check that was made out to me from my aunt in the ATM so he's there he sent me back a check uh insufficient fund I had an overdraft the check was not even heard check it was a check that was apparently a temporary check from someone that opened up an account and had any account name on it so I went into the bank and I said well how did you come to the notion that this was my check well we wrote your account number on the proudly the teller uh you know stuff you just check back so come to find out when I do the planners union bank or union planners wherever the name is and I actually check them out wrote me oh sure we have it here as she they cast it uh you know it's made out to you and they cast it I say well can I see a bag of the check the seed you know the bank actually started oh that's gonna cost you five bucks five bucks for work