Great listen, um, I Thought I came to and I was a farce there was at least there was at least one second left right after he's fight the ball There was definitely time had not expired I know it was for the crowd either referee had expired Another bad morning on the game right on But what is this? Have them and anyone called to say bag it that I'll see you not yet you want to yeah Can I be the first go ahead bag it? Thank you. I need up. Yeah. You're the king. You're the best and the queen and I want to give a shout out Yeah, my friend veto the meter cutter. Okay, okay, and I was just me. I'll tell you that How's your mother doing okay? Don't great. She's still around. She's still around all right I hope you think it's fixed. Okay, all right me too. There you go I don't want blood. I'm sure got what I didn't ask him. He was a holy all right He was a spick oh yeah Got a lot of spicks out there man. I'm gonna tell you something those spicks those are the good people. Okay. Those are the clean people What do you think they got that spick in spam from? Those are the clean people. They're the ones that keep a claim. Of course. They have to work hard It to do it, but they keep it clean. They scrub it. They rub it. They wash it. I use a lufus. They mostly rub it That's where they get that pecorino from baby. You want some serious cheese go down a little Havana You can smell it in the air everywhere I have no idea what I'm talking about. I have no clue. I'm so wound up. I think it's his food I think my blood sugar is stabilized finally Dan great food and thank you speaking of good food Let's talk about mama Mary's again, okay Mama Mary's now there's another one if begins with a bee. I don't want to say bobbly I don't want to talk about the other one. I'm I forget about that. It's a bread shell. It's it's direct If you want to go to the supermarket and get yourself a real pizza crust Made from the best ingredients cholesterol free. They just pure honey no sugar no crap Just a real great honest to goodness pizza crust 7 inch or 12 inch then pick up a mama Mary's you take it home. You shmir on your olive oil That's the secret I'm telling you trust somebody was spent enough time in Italy to be a real Wop okay you're shmir on your olive oil You put on your sauce you put on your mozzarella you put on your toppings You're preheat the oven you're stick it in there for ten minutes and you have got a Delicious pizza you're not gonna believe I'm not the yanking you I'm telling you this is really great stuff far a million times better than any frozen you've ever had and even much better than a lot of that delivered crap You get and of course each crust has a no spill edge that lets you bake your pizza without a pan right there On the you're thinking the oven so it really has that baked in the oven taste So give it a try one time you're gonna be stocking up on a whole lot of these for the family and the friends and whomever Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust. They're easier. They're faster. They're better for you and less expensive by the way Then the competition pick up your mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust in the deli section of your local supermarket this is five 60 Q a I love put on five 60 Q a you know the funeral for Diana With this whole big pseudo religious thing religion and nothing to do with it. Here's Elton John sitting there at the piano Hock in a China sing in this thing and here's Tony Blair getting up there reading from the scriptures But it could have been reading from Grimmis furry tales. It didn't make any difference and You know what is that all about and then of course the the brother gets up there? I mean did we including me did the whole world get sucked in by this asshole or what? He gets up there when he's talking about the papadaxi and about your last moment Didn't but the fun with this condescending attitude and the evil papadaxi he must have said it's 65,000 God damn That papadaxi I kind of like the way he said it and the nuts of our tea and the stock of our tea And by the way, what's the difference between a serial killer in a spree killer? That's another one I forgot over the summer when the Koonana thing was going on all the talking hits since they really This this was one of the best and you notice how fast that thing disappeared other than they opened up the files The other thing found nothing made a big deal about that you notice how fast that story went away. You wanted to lie Because they don't know anything because other than the people who were his friends in San Diego a new him before other than that Everything that happened from the time he left there is all conjecture including that movie they made Would Stephen bar wasn't Stephen in that thank God he circumsize Stephen was in it Nobody Stevie Rocky extra Maria he was in there and then the kid they had played Koonana it looked a lot better and Koonana did by the way I guarantee that kid would not have gotten turned out by Jack Campbell But it didn't rate and then there was that paperback book and I yes I got sucked in and I mean a lot of time on planes a lot of reading I got the paperback book today it came into bookstore and you're Koonana in the story that piece of crap Some water out that he didn't know Andrew Koonana from Andrew Jackson from Keith Jackson And nobody knew from nothing But anyway getting back to the brother he turns out to be an asshole This guy turns out to be in his wife it ran into family. I guess they were all sticking her fingers down there throw Hey, the head family was kicking her brains out And he gets up there and he's lecturing he's lecturing the winzers those miserable German bastards You know masquerading his brith as British the Germans are a bunch of Germans as I explain you why they look like that and they act like that The only one having a good time is fill a peacecrew and everything that moves. He's having a good time daddy. I want to see the spice girls. Yeah, right Isn't that something what a joke that is I think William I think he's gonna be one of the spice girls before he finishes Oh brother what a what a what a semis that was and then Cut you know and he just has this divorce. They find out the guy the wife was puking and he would cheat not hurt He was screwing everything that moved which also runs in the family and he's up there lecturing the popularity in the world By the Windsor family they're all a bunch of crap And they had more money than God two by the way and he was you know, they got all that big all that big property up there That Bell Moral which is more than just the race trackage of cargo by the way Bell Moral is this you just state worth millions of dollars And that's all theirs But they were nice enough collect the boys hang out there while they were grieving while they were counting mommy's money 1250 and on 560 QAM is the world continues getting sucked in by a you know Tammy phase. That didn't hear you No, oh, that's got to get in here because as much of a bitch and as much of a Over-made up baker as she was and a co-conspirator in a psycho-babbling idiot That line where she says the media is sick and he tell badly which is on the thing there by the way that she's talking She's right We got a bunch of lunatics who are you know They're manipulating the whole goddamn world and telling people all this is important and the nanny is important And those set up puppets. Oh my god. This is a wonderful thing that people are over reproducing like a bunch of cockroaches like a bunch of rabbits Like I said the other a leave that to the ethnic so let's let the white people stick to two kids Here's a in fact. I think we saw a story doing what they do in China What is it one or two? I think it's one isn't it or two? It's one now and if you have a second one You have to throw it in the river right and if you have a third kid That's it good idea. Here's a mobile and dear field hello Mobile and dear field gone He had a way through the break into the monologue and through the lecture in the psychosis He not gonna hang on here. What do you dream of they can't hear nothing here's a mobile in Miami hello Mobile in Miami See none of the mobiles are gonna be there at that point so five six seven oh five sixty five six seven oh five six oh Let's do North Miami hello Going for four so we go for four in a row. Okay. Let's try for four here's four lottery. Hello Yeah, how are you doing? All right. We finally hit one all right That goes up to I'm just a poor white kid with a regular phone Huh listen I was just wondering you think we're gonna be bored and bombarded with the Kennedy crap now That this all the kid that it does no I don't think so I don't and nobody You're who cared about this guy? This is the one that was banging a 14 right babysitter right It seems like whatever they get a chance to jump on the Kennedy cranky, you know, oh that crap about you know There I'm sick of it. I won't want you know I was a big Kennedy fan I got sucked in and I still think you know Kennedy was a pretty good president if we didn't pay attention to Merle and Monroe And the fact that he was screwing G and Conno's girlfriend in the fact that so you know everything else You know It's it's all when you start reading real history and you start realizing that it's all bull crap And it's all just a facade and underneath they're all a bunch of crooks and when you start reading about the old man joke Kennedy The biggest gangster of them are he's the worst. Yeah, you know the thing I don't understand Neil is that you know These presidents senators their men You know and they they have flaws and I can't believe the big deal that people make over the fact that I mean if that's the worst thing the man did Yeah, you made a beltrey that's right. I mean before he was president he was a man. I say Frank effort for president And that's what man do they still hold man. Yeah. I mean what I'm in like the screw around a lot What's wrong with that and the fact that he's got a different job shouldn't matter. That's right. Okay, man Well said thank you. You got my vote cool. Yeah It's right nobody cares about who's screwing home. They like they want to know about it But they really don't care about it As they say in their heart of hearts and I like to know who came up with that expression because I hate people who say in your heart of hearts Bob well oh She say that that was one of hers. Oh, do I hate you? We what kind of a Don't pick on rosanne by the way. They had a great the peace on her the other day on MSNBC What's it a while they have a good thing on they're not very often usually they have John Gibson sitting there and looking like a mannequin But they had a good thing on rosanne rosanna Dana Which is hard to believe by the way that she was married to gene Wilder in fact it's hard for me to believe that anybody was married to gene Wilder Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir another thing about that Diana bitch. Yes, okay She's such a great mother. How come she says it gives off the boarding school and she's off halfway around the country I'm calling in the back of the limo That's right. How come she was out there on a yacht with that multi billionaire with that with that Arab figure Who has spent her all of daddy's money on doping everything else on fast cars How come nobody wants to talk about the fact that she was gonna give up all of charity work this year? That was sitting bitch. You're gonna quit right and one of the thinking bitch. Yeah, they one more thing Ryan Murray in the late words of rocky etchery area Okay So what is that could animal be coming out by the way? I mean a story is the story is quarter then Versace's body by now You know and then the days that followed Gianni's murder there on a beach and I saw all these local shows on air and there were our friends remember ocean drive magazine And they were very nice to watch and I mean they got a good sense of humor, but of course They were afraid I guess they were gonna lose a lot of business. Now that's terrible I shouldn't say that But they they were tight with him because they're into that artsy farcey faggy, you know that it's it's all part of that thing You know George you are money and Versace and Calvin Klein others at least Calvin Klein got good taste Right Yeah, it's a guy At least if he picks out some adolescence and under where at least they look pretty good most of them As opposed to these real real bizarre asexual Unic look in things That they put in these fashion shows then you see the fashion shows and you see the women wearing these ridiculous Brawlap Saxon you think who the hell would wear those things who would wear these are and of course the answer is nobody Nobody except for some of these newty hoidi-twenty multi-millionaires who hang them in their broom closet Right like Diana that's fucking bitch. There's another one. How'd you like to see all the how'd you like to see all the out? But she had in her closet, huh? We did shock them an auction them off a number. Yeah, she's auctioning that's right. She auctioned them off and in his guy Over here this pick is auctioning off the furniture at the houseboat where Koonan and was a here the depot Oh, yeah, how is it that he's got this stuff? What does that? I guess nobody wanted it they were thrown it out because it was a lot of pricing little business man That's been a lot of power to me. He's you know I think there was something up there. I think he was probably feeding him and he knew he was in there But in the meantime look at all the embarrassment of all the money. He said the FBI in a police They'd still be looking for this bag it. They'd still be looking for that crazy son of a bitch if it wasn't for this little Spek and then of course he had to go through a big thing to get the reward. What is that all about? Thank God for John Wall. That's all I have to say. You know I used to hate John Wall. I don't know why Cuz I thought he was exploiting his kids murder Of course he was but I do like that show. That's a good show. Maybe I'm just like him because it's a good show They found his kids hadn't a canal. You know what would you do? Do a TV show. Yeah, good point. Okay. Here's a plantation. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Yeah? Pretty good Three things real quick you noticed this Public's had that big settlement that women were not getting promoted right our new public's down the street now Over by Sawagra. Yeah, a lot of women now up front son and stuff notice that There's always been a lot of women in there But I mean moved into a mansion position. I see yeah, oh Well, that's bad news for me because all the managers of that store the guys their they love me Yeah, they're not like every time I go in there They open up another aisle just to make sure I can cash out and don't rip him on here I love my people at public's and also what is what the construction oh like would you live and on between Hyatis and and we're getting the stop light at 118.5 and let's hear we're getting a stop light God bless America In plantation acres it's only about three years overdue. We're getting a stop light to signs a rupee if they ever get to damn light up And it's sidewalk too believe it or not. Oh God listen I live down a road in Fox run and this one is say last week there are some kids had banned some vanilisms or gangs Those swastikers and gang lighting all over someone's garage door. That's real cute nice And police this you know well, they don't know you know we got a lot of punks out there in the acres Yeah, all right Neil God bless you okay pal have a great thing a lot of punks We'll be watching okay no questions asked We have an open line if you move quickly if you're rush if you're hopped right on at five six seven Oh five sixty five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty actually the problem in here is today I'm too comfortable because I got the new headset with little mic attacks I look like keep Jackson only not as fat and And with less hair and And you've got just both hands I got both hands free So I can you know do a little one of these and we'll smoke a little stoke you over here even though mommy of course It's nothing I'm not really smoking a cigar I'm just pretending to smoke a cigar mind your own damn business. Okay. Oh Man and we fed those people Huh we invited them over for lunch remember the first show who the the whole orifice across the hall I Got news for it you know bluff Lindsey maybe concerned about the dentist across the orphan's okay my comment to him is drill this Just get out of our face Oh, you're not you guys aren't smoking so guys first of all the audience could see how much space there is between where we are Which my door is closed by the way? I don't know about yours. No, but but the rear and there and even the hallway out there There's gotta be but 50 yards the five offices between us exactly so what is this guy? Over there you must be doing a thriving business that they got up and better to worry about than are we smoking cigars over here at 2 a.m Yes, we are smoking cigars and would you like one? Oh, you're welcome. That's probably what he's looking to see it Doff don't understand he wasn't concerned that we were smoking he'll know why he isn't getting any and cigars either I know why he isn't getting any. I've seen that staff Okay 12 25 on 560 W QA. I don't forget the Humper the Thump or Hank Goldberg to this afternoon 2 to 6 We got the King the Queen the Apprentice the Princess we got eight hours of ass kicking your every day Monday through Friday It's gonna be astonishing and of course it helps to have absolutely no competition. Thank you queer channel We like it I deal on a mode of intracurses. Sessaries has just what every auto and truck enthusiast needs over 120,000 square feet of inventory including ground effects toolbox is sliding rear windows bug shields vet biders tail light covers Camper tops for full-size trucks for many trucks. They've got thousands Zillian billions trillions of accessories in stock I deal automotive and truck accessories has the biggest inventory of not-so-good bedliners to all would-life-time warranties I deal carries your fiberglass running boards painted a match your truck You really have to see it to believe what an amazing place this is and you got to look close to those prices to believe That you can get everything there so cheap because they sell to you direct that's wholesale by an Allen make no payment for 90 days With approved credit and nobody know where beats these wholesale prices. I deal automotive and truck assess rate 65 60 powerline Rob you'll find them in the big yellow building just north of Sappers Creek wrote in for Lauderdale You can call them toll free from anywhere. It's 1-800-621-60464 1-800-621-60464 their ideal automotive and truck accessory the Neil Roger show now Exclusively on sports radio 560 QAM UAM's got that hammer. Hank Goldberg We thanks Another BMW 20 Thatulu Legend Niceめm The boss flies through high. Mons. When I listen to this board, a manly voice won't get higher than she's. But we'll really get his attention to the short. A sneaky high voice will give me an erection. Well, I hate the two of them. I'm not a QAL. But they're back and back on again. I'm going to this here in straight men with voice this high. Now I'll have to get deeper as a closet again. So I can impress all of my show friends. And check out Chris Moreton, I'd like to help him pay on the side. Yeah, there ain't nothing like having my show's board to guys and voices has been practiced. They were 12 years old. And a candlelight that. Yeah, stand up real close to the rain. He'll impress us down. And therefore, she's out of there really makes my balls taste so good. And that crow, man. Well, he's harder than my bread Brothers. Yo. Yeah. Well, 29 on 560 QM. Don't forget by the way, the best way to enjoy Patty's hockey is to turn on QAM. Turn down the sound and turn on your TV. Okay, let's go to... Well, I got to get used to this. North Miami Beach, hello. North Miami Beach. I got it. Like I said, I've got to get used to that too. But I doubt it. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this Neil? Yes, you can't get closer to Neil. What do you want to roll? Do you want to get lucky enough to stop at a place called Lord Biron or Rumbly Who Hotel there? No, I did not. I know where that is. Oh, you ought to stop there. You was really enjoying it. It's in the Animesville, the John the Middle of Norr. Well, it is. That part. Not a good location. But it's 15 minutes of the center of town. From one? 15 minutes from the center of town. Okay. Really? And that's, there many times. I live in Spain part of the time. And I spend quite a lot of time in Italy. You live in Spain? And this is Spain, yeah. Sunday. So where? Yeah. My bear. How big are you? Up in the mountains from my bear. Uh-huh. You know what I did, I'm sure. No, I do not. Where? You know where my bear is? No, I don't. You know, part of the news is? No, I don't. Malaga. No, yeah. It's John, part of your brother from there. Okay. I don't know. I thought everybody knew where my bear was. No, not me. I'm just a dummy. I'm just a dummy. Oh, I'm not too very smart. What are you going to do? I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Yeah. One of your people, I forget what his name was, that I wouldn't have been on those things. Anyway, I'm too big for him. He said in any way, I'm a queen. If he was only a princess. There he goes. I thought it was a very funny line. That was beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. You're a friend Wayne, who I just, like, intensely. And I just like, of course, because there was a change in name of Joe Robby Stadium, which really would not have. It was a first-year-old Robby. You're not only wouldn't we have the stadium. We wouldn't have the baseball team. We probably wouldn't have any more football team. That's right. Joe Robby, we didn't like a lot of things about Joe, including the fact that he was anti-Semitic. But let's face it without him. I had nothing. I thought he was doing. Joe Robby? Oh, give me a break. He was a good cat-like boy. What do you really? Yes. I didn't tell me he was doing. Wow. I'm not from party. In fact, he was so non-Jewish. He might have even had foreskin. But guarantee he was not Jewish. Oh, okay. He learned something very important here today, sir. That's right. We had our own problems. We had, uh, uh, uh, all along the way. He built that stadium. But his own money, I believe, and some other people thought... Okay. Well, it's been a great day. Okay. We have two open lives. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, six. First, we had Mickey Erison. And before him, we had his father, tent, who's over there in Israel, would design, but he had dollars. And before him, we had my Ralansky. So we got a few bad apples in every bunch. Okay. We sure as hell don't have to take credit for Joe Robby. Who was most definitely a very good cat-lic boy, and not Jewish. Where are we going? We're going to Del Rey Beach, hello. Yeah, the fact that Randy Rose turned 40 in a couple weeks. Okay. We have an open line where that asshole was just done. Five, six, seven. It totally taken three shows to get that idiot on air. Al Rogers, which he will not be on the show, including the Italian-Isman, including Mitch from the video store, including any of these products. And gonna happen, pal. And gonna happen because unlike Rick Riley, I know the voice is two seconds banned, but I'm being. You're gone. Unbelievable. This is the same guy that was stalking Randy Rose that was making her life miserable. Not interested, missfit. Get a life. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. Pembroke Pines. Going once. Let's try this one in Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello. That's you, yes. You? Yes. Yeah. I'm calling from Pembroke Pines. I'm a tool. Okay. Five, six, seven, oh, five. I'm not putting him on there. Put him call up Sandy Payton for Christ's sake. Let him call out Lardaz Limba. I'm not talking old parts. This is a young people station for people under the age of 90, which he don't qualify. This guy was older than Mufusla's great grandpa. Get out of here, pal. Go squeeze the bag and get out of my face. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobiles. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Welcome back. How do you like that old fart trying to smuggle that out? I try. Well, besides a couple of the other idols, Princess Diana and... And God. And oh, yeah. And the other bitch that died. Which one was that? Oh, good. What's your name? Oh, mother Teresa. Yeah, well, well, well, well, well. Who? Well, the young. Roby young, yeah. Yeah, he's a little bit that does. And Michael Kennedy? Yeah, well. John Denver. Well, it was for the dead people. John Denver, man. It's going around the wrong time. And how about Chris? What's his name? Chris Oley. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is it, chicken? What is it? Where's he going here, man? Where's he going here, man? Where's he still kicking it? It takes a look at it and say, how did John Cameron's ways he for me? Open line at five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, six, seven. As the call went on, he started sounding older. You know what's that? I don't want to say we don't want to talk to old people on the show, but we don't. Only the thanks for calling Lady with me in exception for it. And by the way, I have a feeling, I thought I saw her in the thing here. Talk alone. There she is. Okay, here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. What is this? I want to welcome you back to the radio. Thank you so much. You miss you. Uh huh. You know, that's thicker than the back of the car. Uh, what is it called? Mean people's truck? What does it say? It says, mean people's truck? Mean people's truck. They're all got the other half. Nice people swallow. Yeah. You like that? I love it. Can you say something about how he has spotted? He's back in the political arena again. Why did they let him out? Or didn't you know? I thought they had him in a rubber room somewhere. You saw the mayor of Miami. Like I don't know that? Well, say something about it. He's doing acid. He is? Yeah. When it was mayor the first time he was doing acid. Now he's just doing acid. Okay. Okay, let me go. I'll read the urge. Ciao. Okay. For Joe Carroyo man, just when he was starting to get his brains unscrabbled and do a halfway decent job and we had a few bucks in the city. And I would get this man and there's acting like a mad man. He's breaking down in tears. He's firing this one. That's what she's doing. He's doing a good job. That's what happens when he a lot of bunch of fascists in there running your goddamn government. Next thing you know, they'll be digging up a thesis body and bringing him back to Miami-Dade County. Miami-Dade County. My ass. Oh, God is this a dumb place. Miami-Dade County. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. Yes, I'm pretty good, aren't I? Yes, you are. I miss you. I miss you quite a bit. Also, we need to get some of this blood bone here which you use to get everybody include my bone. Yeah. Because there's a lot of things. A lot of issues has been passed through the wayside because this should be gone. So I do appreciate it. And I would like to be real excited about it. Yeah, I know. We should just get back on everybody. Get them to drink and get them to drink and get them to drink and get them to drink. And have us, so we have a little bit more things to talk about in this town. All right. We appreciate your time, guys. And, like I say, happy new year and welcome back. And have a great 98 of me go. You two guys. I'll read it out too. All right. Ciao. Okay. We're going to be doing a show on a tidying starting very soon. By the way, I think on Monday. I was going to do it today, but I don't want to take up the time and I don't want to piss off. Okay. I don't want to do it close to the show because then, you know, I'll think that we're tuning the audience out. What we're trying to do is get Hank such a gigantic lead in since he was already number one and afternoon drive in the last, trend to last book and for quite some time now that he's like number one half. Because that's what we want. That's what we aspire to be here on QAM is number one half in midday and afternoon. And number like maybe one in the morning and in the evening. Well, that's not what's going to play the best record that's ever been made. Because during the 7th, see, I really didn't go on vacation during the 7 months that I was off that I got my paid vacation. I just said around listening to every record that's ever been made. And then, of course, I decided which is it. When I decide, that's the definitive word. No, that nobody would argue with it. I have the best record. That's a good word. Well, oh, the back door, boys. Yeah, I like the back door, boys. They're just going to pick the good one. God and he was in the holy holy. But this is the best record that was ever known. That was ever known. That was never known. That was never known. That was never known. That was never known. You don't agree that this is the best record in history. That's a very good record. By your own snort. It's very good. This record, I don't know. That his performance on this song is enough to make my bowels crazy. I like it. It's very good. But I don't think it's the best record. It's the only record in the world. It's very good. But I don't think it's the best record. But in the 45 and there it's a good one. They're just, they're fine. They're nothing wrong with their outfits. What a good thing that I got these ear things on my ears. Did you see the steam coming out of both of them right now? You little spick. You're in a narrow Smith now. You idiot. What are you out of here? There's nothing right there. There's fine, sir. The thing is that you're at a quit. They're adequate, huh? Like you. You can relate to it. This isn't that what El Pacino said in dog day afternoon. Attequit. Attequit. He was waving a hockey. Attequit. Attequit. Or was it a call with? I'm not really sure. By the way, here on St. Catherine Street, Montreal, they got a gigantic gildo in the frogs. You're hopping on it. That's what I heard. That's a rumor by one of our Ojo on Provocca to her faggot. It's a quarterly in the show today. He was special. He was good. 38 and 560 QAM are you hungry? Are you really? Jones it out there for something really good. Little hurt. This is a Papad calculad reports that you would not have all來. Mark this point again. And you'llınız.ima to district five throughout the K martin, practice yourself in pretty bad injury. Both office board and school board. weight are poc climate fa점o. now that we can't afford to use the 40 Henderson. All of their over 100 food items are served every day 24 hours a day even on suckers including breakfast Don't forget to win our own drill castle. They never close. They provide warm friendly old fashioned service and old fashioned prices with a winning smile For incredibly satisfying taste visit win our own drill castle and North Miami just take I-95 good off in Northwest to 120 fifths three that's it cool block West and Northwest 7th Avenue It would be 441 and you are there man you are right there Eat in or call ahead for quick pick up and believe me at night You want quick pick up call 305 6 8 1 553 46 that 6 8 1 53 46 There's never a hassle and Wayne Arnold's real castle right this all the parades in the marching and the Shmearing and the carrying on during the funeral Not really a parade what a what do you call funeral procession whatever the hell they call So princess Edward. I mean Prince Edward. You know it's how they kept her in a background first of all He's developed this big ball spot even worse than mine and number two They're a little because they're all they all have these great reputations as woman are as woman eyes just all the men in the world family the winzers and The princess Edward unfortunately a little bit off a little bit off key just a little bit on the other side of the fence So they kind of like keep him way in the back And of course that bitch that was married to the other queen what the hell's her name Margaret? She was also married to a facad here's a mobile and Davy hello Mobile and Davy See we just had to break in their gun they're always gonna be gone on there after the breakers they can't hear the spot You know my only response to that knowing these vascular I mean let's get serious sorry Rick sorry about that, but I just I love that One that's a tick well, I listen just relax okay, though don't start being a technical Perfection is now because we're doing the best we can and this keep in mind This is paradise to the other join over there the cow pasture So just keep that in mind who you were having no idea I do have an idea Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Yes, sir, I'm happy new year sir. Hey What a great a start the new year on a goddamn new year Roger show exactly I mean where else could it be better than this? Right which is bad because I got a good heart and so on next week. Oh, forget about that And I really want to listen to you and I'm like trying to figure out how I can get my laptop to bring in audio net For WQA am over there. Uh-huh So I'm really you know and I was gonna ask you about it's whole free line also because I was gonna be stuck there no Oh, but jam them people yeah, we're gonna have a toll free line. Are we last time I heard How we during now? Well, I just wanted to tell you that if I was I mean I'm a 27-year-old intersectional male and if I was 27-year-old homosexual male I would enjoy your company too Okay, pal. We're having a great trip. Where do you see he was going? Little rock in red I can sense Well, I know my sister all my life That is why she's now my one And I think my son may know it's true He's my nephew Well my daddy is my uncle Joe remodder is my dear and pro weed is very plain to see my first cousin is me I Okay, let's go to candle on what I'm three hello One two three here's candle hello I'm you're looking me on the rest of my radio for you. Yes, sir Welcome back. Thank you. It's so good right here. I'm so glad I'm a kid's good to be back. It is you know during this December January February March. Where the hell you gonna go and travel and have good weather anyways? You know you're welcome to answer on this slide is it's been a desert recently That's right. So mom this town learned to appreciate what a what a a breath of fresh here I was when I was gone for seven months and I only listened to Greg or once and that was it now I couldn't believe what they had on there and I knew it was the one I owe dear I mean after you hear that a script of his girlfriend's ball moments the first one or your 30 times That's that's basically got a pretty good picture of what it's like One one came with her quest But you like it'll go me okay For any take the dump when you play that and you came back You're that I heard yours I'm going Okay, how about that instead have a great guy What they don't understand is it's not a question to do I want to play stuff? It's a question of do we have our fingers on it and the stuff too? That's the question as we're working Fratically now I realized that the the people here only had seven months to get the stuff together And it wouldn't have been any fun if we would have had a couple of weeks Lee Wayne walked in here Everything was said and we were all set up to do a real show It's no fun the audience is used to kind of piecemeal. Oh, we don't have this We know we're working on it because otherwise you got everything already and then you play it once and it's gone now They have something to look forward to here's pepper pines hello Pembroke pines This is a I'm gonna sleep with Neil. Yes I'm not as ready to I'm scoped you in I yes, and I look forward to coming to Florida Uh-huh, and this you'll guy hung up on before I didn't know I hung up on you What are you hung up on me sir? How dare you? Old you from scoky how do you like that? 567 0560 pound five 60 on a mobile ZT wireless and a mobile one on bullet this bastard hangs up on me And now he admits it the second time he calls back. He's got the balls to call me back after he hung up on me the first time You got some freaking nerve man go back to scoky with a banjo on Uranus Here's Miami hello Neil yes sir. You're the best. How do you like that? I don't know how we could treat this. What a disgusting irreverent old fart has the balls to hang up on God Anyways, I'm glad you're back in town and I'm well, I'm glad you're back on the radio Now we got a hockey expert back in town. So I could ask you some questions and get your opinion on the right ahead So you get the answers right here Did you happen to see the senators brewing game the unbelievable 0 0 You know, sir, I turned it on during breaks in the rose bull and quite frankly as little as I like college football The rose bull was a million times more entertainment Then the coma I made between Dale Arnold doing the game which put you in a coma even during a good Absolutely that was just pathetic that was an embarrassment There were some good say in the game, but I just wanted to ask you question, you know I'm sure you're aware of you know the scoring is way down in the NHL You know something I say leave it alone. I realize the scoring is down Don't start messing with the game. I hate these people. They want to eliminate the center red line They want to raise the net two inches I think I think I think I think the easiest thing to do there are two things that have been suggested that makes sense Number one is on a penalty even a two minute minor you leave the whole two minutes on her Many many years ago they used to do with that way and already changed it you leave the whole two minutes Even if a team scores that way can score more than one goal on a power play and number two Cutting down on the goalies equipment now last year some of these guys is especially guards no one of flyers He was wearing shoulder pads that even Joan Crawford would have been embarrassed by it would cover the whole goddamn net How the hell can you score go when a goalie's wearing a equipment? I say get those pads shaved down and no more of the big shoulder pads And let's get back to a real game. I got one thing for you I'll tell you another good idea get the goalie take the mask off like they used to be real man. Hey Leo I'm here okay And that means ray Whitney Jesus all right I'm speaking of the Boston Bruins where the hell I mean they all are all doing the Bruins game We have to have an investigation. I'm gonna go up that. I'm gonna move up there for a few months and conduct my own personal Private campaign So that we get Fred Cusik to come out over your time at the Bruins are having a pretty good year after mission to playoffs last year for the first time in 400 years and Fred Cusik goes in over your time. They got a pretty got pet for and there they got a pretty decent young team We've got Dale Arnold who is a stale as last year's motto, okay? Doing the games and Fred Cusik went into retirement at least two years early 21 seconds left. They saw it to the right of Pugnut Those score First period Mueller now again scopes For rolloff Oh The great Fred Cusik one of the greatest ever and by the way speaking of great since I have this Particularly many disc in there anyway speaking of great announcers who know how to make a game Exciting especially a playoff game or an important game and maybe Christina might be listening now on a way to the airport Or wherever they're going. I'm sure he is even though he protests a lot This business of one the other team scores a goal practically like whispering and mumbling like well It's insignificant. I got news for you man You have a lot to learn pal even though I don't think it's ever gonna happen the great announcers They knew how to make a team a goal exciting in a game exciting even when the other team was scoring a goal jackass The greatest man That was Henderson playing for Detroit no less for Detroit not for the Leafs and here's the Leafs and out here But it's a playoff game. It's in Detroit and makes the game really exciting as a port of these other guys Who think they can mumble their way through a broadcast and pretend that we think that they know what they're all they're doing what on? on exactly 1253 on 560 QAM You know Charles Alfie Ari's been supplying here replacement systems for leading showbiz personalities for over 25 years and Some of these guys look so good you didn't even know they had a piece So you better believe that Charles knows what he's talking about so let's get this straight You can pay more for a hair system you can pay thousands if you like but why not get the best and the most natural system in the business For just $800 from Charles Alfie Ari now Charles knows the secret of any natural look in system is regular servicing All guys like to get service to life. That's why service visits at the Charles Alfie Ari Studios Or affordably price at just 25 bucks not 60 bucks like the other guys so cute and why you wait Charles can add here to your presence system at only 25 bucks an hour and adjust the color for only 10 bucks Charles could even revive the wave and curl to make your hair look natural again and does matter Even if you bought your system someplace else so call and make an appointment today and start looking like a Montreal soon Call the Charles Alfie Ari Studio at 4390 north federal highway between Oakland and commercial If you mentioned you heard it on the neo-rodger show you get 25 bucks off on the purchase of any new hair system call them today 1-800 321 2413 that's 1-800 321 2413 Charles Alfie here replacement systems with over 25 years of doing it right in the business this is five 60 2-8-M Attention all boys and girls attention all boys and girls if you want to grow up to be a doctor Realistic toy company has just what you need just ask your mom and dad what line of medicine is most lucrative and they'll tell you Rautology and it's never too early to start so start now with the Dr. Jelly finger exam kit Dr. Jelly finger comes with an authentic medical manual rubber glove and plenty of KY jelly It's fun and educational right through the Get your Dr. Jelly finger exam kit Dr. Jelly finger is on sale now in finer department stores So anybody out there weren't any magnetic insults today Yeah, we got something for today baby forget about magnetic bracelets We got magnetic insults for your feet you want to be walking like a cripple in about a half an hour just pop these babies in there No problem at all and by the way, let me look one more time and you're in your own areas in your thing Deep inside of it as in black dome right where did you go to the toilet upstairs you had to go? No, I had to uh Open a lot I got new for any of the people on this floor and is building by the way, okay There's eight turlet there's a men's room and a women's room very nicely down a hall Within running distance and we got some smart s is you keep blocking the door on a damn men's room Okay, you jackasses over there in the dental office We're gonna not only start smoking chains smoking cigars over here. We're gonna start blowing smoke right under your door pretty soon And then we got this janitor with an attitude well you you be having to get a key Well, I got a key for you. Okay stick that in your echo you idiot Just leave the damn thing who the hell is gonna go up there anyway? Nobody can get up on a floor on most days unless you got an elevator key So what's the problem? But we got a lot of very important people here with an attitude and we got to keep this close and don't smoke your cigar See no matter where you go. I mean this floor is as vacant as the old church in Amsterdam I mean there isn't that there's not even a rat not a mouse can be found But we still got people with an attitude here. We're gonna tell you don't do this and don't do that because people got to be important Here's a lady mobile hello Yes, hi. I'm calling I know that you like cigars you mentioned that often. What do you think about women who smoke cigars? I don't like it. You don't like it. I think it's just a fad number one and number two It to me it looks like crap. Yeah, but I'm gonna be smoking a cigarette Huh a woman who smokes the cigarette. I'm not that crazy about it either Right, but what's wrong with a woman smoking a cigar? I like it now you like it. Yeah, I think it looks real feminine Oh, yeah, but I'm not talking about I can't now. Let me ask you. Yes. Can't you just conjure this up? Could you imagine and Bishop if you were still alive? Do in the news on channel 10 with a stoking or post? Oh, it's great. That would you right. I think you're right. I think you got a point that would be she would be number one half Excellent point. Well, no, I just I just wanted to know if what you thought about it because I see that you are very I think to each zone if you like smoked puffing out a big one and a cigar to more power to it In fact, have it a big stoking your push is good practice Largely okay have a great weekend You too a great life. Have a new year You know some of them that that's flipped out have a great weekend because I don't even know if it's the way interns I just locked into it. It is the weekend Yesterday was Thursday and I New years almost never comes like quite in the middle of the week like that And all day yesterday, I'm thinking God today is Sunday or today is Saturday, but definitely not Thursday now today feels like Saturday to me Doesn't it today definitely doesn't feel like Friday like Shabbos Which is coming up soon and by the way if you're celebrating Shabbos don't forget what the Muslims say Don't do anything bad until the sun goes down then make whipping to a kneel Roger show now on sports radio 560 W Q a m my amy Fort Lutterdale The left of the sun goes after your sun goes down and you can pick out here's Miami. Hello Miami Buenos dias Be there cheap quick calls those are the kind we like best here's Hiley. Hello Inel yes Hey, I just want to say a Mister you know, yeah, and George is so same sort of a picture. It's good. Well, he's not gonna change. He's a miserable spec. What do you want? Yeah, he is a stand spaganny. Yeah, that should hold up on me Did he did you not find his lines? He's busy talking to somebody else. I didn't even hear it. You're on Yeah, well, he's an employee. No, I do know that Okay, pal I Very good jack One on burger jack burger jack how about burger you? What what is it? Why did I do hang up on it? Why? Because there's a punky kid. I don't care whether talk to punky kids in old parts that you have no problem putting on from from Skoki Illinois that keep hanging up on me or they didn't sell that old that miserable old Jew that From Skoki twice he hangs up on me. How do you like that not once foot twice my god? If there's a if there's a hell that man is most definitely gonna burn in it this kid He just doesn't like you. He likes me. He's got good tasty likes to show He doesn't like that little spick back there making his peckerino cheese. That's what he doesn't like Here's a call from Dallas. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I wanted to let your listener. I wanted to let your listeners know that if you're listening in on Audio net there's a way for them to get help if they haven't trouble listening. I believe me most of the new help Well first off they can send an email to webmaster at audio net.com And they can state their problem somebody will answer their their question within a few minutes. Yeah Or if they're using America online and they type in keyword audio net. Yeah There's actually a frequently asked question section on telling you how to use the real audio player with A well Okay, and then they can also go to the bottom of the audio net home page to the frequently asked question section and there's a whole Section on help on how to so another If they really want to do it where there's a will there's a way right absolutely they really want to make the effort They can get the goddamn show absolutely. So get with it Most of them are help, you know, they like you said they need help. Yeah, well hey they can get it if they want it Okay, all right, and I hope to thanks a lot pal There's a guy he just told your folks if you want to you get it We only wish Here's I was right what you doing here's a lady in Boka hello Hi, how you doing now? How you be? Okay, I'm glad to hear your back I have to confess that I don't get a chance to catch your show that often because I'm usually working in a position where I can't turn the radio on But I'm gonna try and catch you now I think you have some really interesting comments. Yes, I do Particularly your one fun hockey. I tried to get on the other day to tell you how much I agreed with your Brian Murray comment and Ray Whitney Oh, I was totally disgusted. I'm sick and tired of seeing the guy sitting on the bench also and I really liked the way you say what you think well, you know that you know this it had you notice it didn't happen yesterday No, it didn't happen yesterday and in overtime It was Ray Whitney was out there who made a great job to keep the puck any offenses on Slid a lovely little pass over to Ray Shepherd who stuck at right in front and there was Robbie finally twice in the same The same game in the right place at the right time and of course the first goal It was Whitney who made a phenomenal little quick flip pass to need a wire for the net who stuck it in there Ray Whitney is God and you know you can pretty much predict with your eyes close if the guy's gonna be in on something And it doesn't take a hockey expert Right, I mean I'm a real Florida Panther fan of only this five game home games and five years They've been on the ice and I follow him on television and I really really appreciate when I hear people like you You know really nailing things like that and and you know I don't know if they've done any statistics, but I don't think we would be anywhere right now if it hadn't been for Well, I like it may we we'd be somewhere already, but I can't say it on the air. Yeah That's right. We'd be up a creek without a paddle. We'd be up spits creek and all the markspits here I wanted to get in before you I want to tell you first how much I appreciated your show and how much I'm enjoying it I'm home on Christmas vacation right now. I'm a teacher So I really can't watch the god bless. No god bless you Yeah, really, but I also have a put it to make that I'm the debut on a mobile. I know I do that You did not do that. Okay. I listen I don't tell you that I don't mind anybody because at least you understand the game But why do they always put you on first is this a game you have with them or what? No, you know it's funny because I intentionally try only to call like every fourth game because I don't want to Debbie come on You even made the promo you even made that in sippin promo. They put on the abort of the arena I was we might be talking to Debbie on a mobile My husband and I were sitting there and we looked at each other and I just about fell off my seat Yeah, because you know I have a neighbor that calls in all the time by the name of um, Lou And it's like well he calls and I help him a lot more than I do They're picking on you there. They're shining the spotlight on you and making you out to be a chronic But at least I know Nobody knows that knows that Brian Murray has been blowing it and that Ray Whitney is God can't be all bad Well, thank you, but you know Brian will say well we're undefeated in four We're 301. We're hot as it were in the playoffs You know, he's gonna start hooking a chitac I don't want no excuses Brian I want the good players to play and I want the bad players to get on a bus meeting Kirk Muller And you notice that Fred Tussic bit I played when they did the face off You notice who lost the face off before the Bruins scored the goal Kirk Muller yeah, yeah, Muller was the guy that lost the face off and but I'm being roll off stuck it in there in a Bruin score Because Kirk Muller was a disaster Yeah, that's the ticket and should be right behind you see him skating figure eight yesterday. Yeah, he did he was skating around his circles And you know I was looking for the colors on on that last on the last penalty and it was like well It doesn't matter that it was an overtime who cares. I mean I was waiting to see the rest ignore it We've gotten screwed so many times I'm not gonna tip blame that they called one and overtime, especially on Dougie Gilmore who my love but nevertheless You know better him than anybody else You know that I really don't understand why that should even be an issue because So what if it's an overtime I agree I agree and it happened to us we've lost games I mean I can I can see in the last minute or two of regulation but when a game gets it overtime If there's something that merits being a penalty it's a penalty. Yeah, and thank God for carry with a good hairspray Fraser All right, well listen keep up the good work and I just didn't want you to harass Randy because he doesn't know me from A mole on the ground and I did Randy as I know you're from a mole on the ground That was not planned not plan but anyway, yeah, I enjoy your show I enjoy supporting his show and I really don't want to Randy just yet today and he said what was that? I said just a little slip of the tongue Randy Evidently never had to know you he had all that she will chronic which he's okay Ray Wettley, let's just throw him in 13 goals the best point now in the world If given away from them it's in use to be a stick point. He said hi the best point guy I saw him last night Unbelievable 13 goals. He's been and nobody's talking about him all spare that the two bars has gone that the Ray would come in No, you're believable. Really guys. Just a little guy where's a match like I still like Dougie Gilmore on the points for pretty super two Dougie's been good Dougie I love you but you're Ray is better right now 13 goal There you go. I rest my case 107 let's do a mobile in Miami. You know some do in these time checks again even though it's an A and so it'll screw up the best of tapes Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Oh, no, yes, sir have it. It's right. I'm color. I'm right. I'm calling you because I'm so happy to hear you on the radio again It isn't even funny. I know it is funny. I mean You know there's nothing on the radio when you're not on the radio and you went as well take the radio and put it in the bottom of the toilet when I'm off the year. I mean others and reconciled that do like their show I have to confess like I said But other than that there's there's nothing on them. I'm glad you're back and I'll be a memorial listener and I support all your All your your people there your advertisers all my people right and And I love the smoke cigars so keep it up and give these people a hard time. All right, all right Have a great day, pal. You too happy new year. You too, buddy. You too. See, I can't stand you too though But that's a good guy. Okay. Yeah, I had something really important. I wanted to play. I already played that I already played that. I'm so far ahead of myself. It's almost disgusting. I haven't played this though Which we always have to in momentarily. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello Yes, sir. You happen to watch Santa for a news last night 11 o'clock. No, I did not They were doing a spot with Mickey Dane making predictions. Yeah predicted that Marv Albus was gonna come to Florida and have a new career with Neil Rogers Yeah, that's real cute. Let me ask you who's with a V. I Don't know but it was Angela Ray that said it. Oh, Angela Ray. Well, there you go. It speaks for itself That miserable bitch really. Okay. Thanks for the good news Ellen John and Brey Tom and have just returned to the studio and have completed the tribute to Marv Albert Goodbye, Marv's career. Yeah, I'll treat ring such hit songs as candle in my butt your dawn Carpet man and the heart felt very bit my bad You love the ballad don't go yanking my part Ellen John's tribute to Marv Albert goodbye, Marv's career All proceeds go to the society prevent synthetic hair Okay, open line 567 0 560 if you're one of those zillion people who've been try to get through these first through through days 567 0 560 and pound 560 well, that's the way I stick this cigar It's the angle that I stick it in in a cigar too. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I'm Neil welcome back. Thank you My name's Tony. I live in Fort Laterdale and I've been trying to hit up the first ever hockey Booster club in Fort Laterdale with a Florida Panthers It's been for the last three and a half years and I'm getting nowhere And I've had some meetings with some of the hockey people and deck on bolder in those guys and I'm still getting nowhere I mean do you think this town where ever let us have a booster club for the far part of Panthers? I don't know about that, but I know the fans are sure of behind the team I have a lot of people who are getting able to last night They were all whipped up into a frenzy and we finally played a pretty good game And we finally run a home game and a crowd was pretty much into it. Yeah, I like that crowd Yeah, so tell me why does he sit a witty on the bench in the last period or given 20 or 30 seconds of ice time because he's the anti-Christ That's right Marie is the anti-Christ okay make no much thing about he can tell by looking at him. Yeah, exactly. I look at him and I say anti-Christ Yep Well, keep working on this we are okay, and I'll keep trying on my booster club keep working on it And the club too. All right good lot. Thanks, but okay, she'd be working on it Hey listen you got to in this town, you know it's a bunch of deadheads I mean they may be a little bit in thus, but they don't want to go overboard because they live here and who can blame him It's 11 after one on 5.60 QAM and one more time in fact this would be a good idea over the weekend In fact, probably a lot of people are party poops out at this point and If you want to do something real easy right there in the kitchen Are you got to do as pop one of those mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust in the oven to take so many ten minutes They have a great pizza just the way you like it. That's right take home one of those seven inch or 12 inch pizza crust And again these are real pizza crust not bread shells not like that other who's with a V-thing and Your brush a little olive oil on then you spread on your pizza sauce and you put on your mozzarella cheese and then you put on your Amit balls in your sausages in your papero and whatever you like on that pizza You pop it in the oven only ten minutes. You're ready for a fantastic pizza a Million times better than any frozen you've ever had and amazingly better than much of deliver you pay to the nose for each Quest is even got a no spill edge of let's you bake your pizza right there on the things on the wax without a pan And mama Mary's uses the best ingredients like pure hotting instead of sugar And they're absolutely cholesterol free to there less expensive than the competition They're easier they're factored they're very they are delicious So I was a little skeptical when I started but trust me after trying a few of these They are really great even George loves them and we'd sure like to have some more for free Mama Mary's pizza course look for them in the delisolute section of your local supermarket the Neil Roger show now Exclusively on sports radio five sixty Q a M it's the holiday season and that can only mean one thing for all you sports fans It's got here's now shouldn't one of those be saying next or probably is peppered pine But it isn't saying next is that interesting is it or is it my imagination? That's very funny it is very funny because all six of them are just seeing they're very quietly and I'm gonna say it will take the mobile on to nothing I really care here's a mobile in Miami. Hello I'm going to you. Yes, sir. God Ray Whitney God Good. Yes, how are you doing Neil very well? Listen up. Oh, I'm nearly well. I hope you are I hope you are listening up You know what I'm really gonna stick entire these Brian Mary antics You know I got I guarantee you three games from now. Well we lose like two games hopefully we won't But I guarantee you Brian Mary's gonna Start messing with the chemistry stuff puty Ray Wynion a third line on a second on a third on the first You know and and that's the way that's the way Brian Murray operates and you know what I I hope to God Well actually you that we bring it Teddy Nolan from Out of out of retirement or okay in in a hell right now and call us back when your face starts getting blue Okay, hold your breath Open line 567 05 65 670 560 550 and a mobile line hand coming up a two Let's go to pepper pine. Hello Neil yes, sir. Why not for days and back to you. Yeah. I got a question for you Huh, we're now in a power fine Rubin met the Tennessee I went to an occur Mississippi about last weekend I know you go golf pine golfing He goes so gambling the biggest life. Yeah. How are you gonna tunica? No, I've heard about it What do you think about it? Well, I don't know I haven't been there. I mean, how can I think about I think it's I think it's I think it's pretty embarrassing that They've gotten we don't I tell you what they in the middle of a cornfield right okay? I In fact, I just saw peace on the news about that place just a few days ago. It's amazing Yeah, I've heard about the 15 pictures I tell you what it looks exactly like it and and tunica was a little Hildbilly town. It was like absolutely a bankrupt. I mean with all these little tracks and huts and there they're out of the Nothing, Mr building it up into a thing Driving I mean, I figured I'm gonna go there and see all the backwoods hit you know spending their $5 beer money no all older people middle-aged Exactly, I mean you name it you have a cross Fox reference of everybody that yeah, it was amazing. I was like I meal kind of try it Yeah, but I bet you they don't have any really bird. Oh, yeah, they got a bad early bird He's a bug you know Well, thanks a lot first. It's not good to have you back on the air. Okay, and I'll see you with your tunica on Okay, tunica Mississippi they got casino gambling they got money coming in their building multi-billion dollar buildings They're building stuff they got tourists coming in freaking tunica Mississippi and what do we got we got the chamber of commerce people lying through their teeth Telling us oh it's the biggest tourist season ever and there's more people coming to Florida Yeah, there's more people coming to Florida but this same weather coming I don't know where they're coming but That's something same scored scored call a finger out of practice I'll figure out it that's what my proctologist said before he gave me the magnets a finger out of practice is a finger Right, though something like that here's Miami. Hello Mail yes, sir. Hey, how you doing welcome back. Thank you. God hey, do you have any cloud in the bottom So what get some people out because this guy boy they money talk Meaning what We're gonna get this the duke out of the bounce the bomb You're okay the duke and the duke is What is this man? What language are you supposed to live on's brother? They're on's brother. Oh That's all do what in juzze you mean duke's nighter. Yeah, okay Remember duke's nighter put center field for the dodges. Who cares about that? Oh I cares about all these illegal aliens. I mean if they can pitch then bring him here and sign him up You know especially if they'll play cheap this guy I never saw with a maroon's you think he's gonna Sip her what Wayne's gonna pay him