Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. We're talking to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward. Helm 560 on your spellpull. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08AM. The present Joel Dr. Receiver purchased by a bunch of max powder restress individuals or are so busy to have no idea which one really don't care. Any present that you receive is actually your size or in color you like as a mistake. We're trying to say it's having another egg nags with us in a white Christmas one more time and then the drill will get too high. It puts the nourishment in the mask. Place of Time! Place of Time! This wǔ yǔ hì hì hì? OK, place of Time. Place of Time! Place of Time! Alright! Here it does, place of Time! I'm No See! Place of Time! Yes! What is this? Okay, there right this is the Adolf and 3 game show is 10 out to a 5 60 WQN We've got 200 hours of pre game of 4 play give me your breakdown give me your analysis give me your Analyzation. Oh that guy plays me. I'm gonna call him about five of that guy really just rocks my boat. I'll tell you right now Anyway, we're gonna how do we start today? May do we have a lot of ground to what cover today? No sure we Do we have a lot of territory to cover? No, sir They just don't get it. They just don't get it. This is the greatest moment in the history of our Life Well right on the verge of a major understanding is the question coalition and all the right wing Fanatics and the sexual macartheid all these lunatics are standing stark naked in front of the world and everybody is going Like that That's right latest poll this morning well actually last night after the articles of speech Men were drawn up on Saturday and spite of the wishes of the American public It's part of anybody with a brain who is not like concerned about a come job on a blue dress But that's what this is all about it comes staying on a blue dress and we're impeaching the goddamn president and the public is saying That's right 73% a record high popularity waiting even higher than Ronald Reagan who forgets what his numbers were, but they were pretty high 73% for Bubba Job popularity approval And it's quite all this talk about well, you know after Bob Livington or Livingston resigned It's gonna send a message and they're gonna they're gonna start beating the drum for resignation Well guess what did you see the poll on that the CBS poll last night 31% said they want Bubba to resign 66% said oh, how do you like that? You think there's a message in there somewhere You think there might just be a little bit of a message in there somewhere that we think it's a bunch of bullcraft that it's a part of it And it's interesting to me and some of those speeches that I am and is to endure on Saturday That many of the Democrats have got a foaming at the mouth for using some of the same terms like lynching. It was a lynch mob And a coup de ta many of the things that I've said right here and I's gone Yes, sir. I'm right on top of the baby. I can sniff it out from a million miles away and a lynch mob too And now all of a sudden they're saying all these senators are including orange snacks. He's saying well, you know We better start counting the heads is that what this is all about was head that's what it was all about to begin with Better start counting heads and if there's not enough votes, they're right off the bat. Why waste the time and we'll like You know we'll get together. We'll start the trial on Jedie with us. They'll ever learn to never come up with some other cock Maybe we'll send you will slap him on the rest you'll say you're a bad guy and watch where you're squirting in the future and I'd sit and go on with life You know, his dumb as the American public is and believe me There's a lot of dumb people out there just when you're out there in a highway you just look around you and you'll agree with me You'll say absolutely lot of real stupid people out there, but nevertheless they're not that dumb That's the one thing we can thank They'll come forward this holiday time of the year is that the American public isn't this stupid That they're gonna have this pull over their eyes or what any other body parts Just absolutely astonishing the listen just one after another after another. How can the same crap? And is anybody buying it? Oh no, in fact, you know, it's really interesting when somebody was elected would like What 50 the last election 53 percent? Whatever it had they got in fact the first time it was elected in the 92 because Ross P. R. Oh got a whatever he got in there It was like a less than the right of it was not even a majority of the votes You got a plurality but not a majority but in spite of that millions of people who never voted for him either time I say cut the crap already. Okay, that's that's what you hear you open up your window and you hear cut that That's right all over America they're saying cut that now and let's get on with important things Okay, like ball games in the the stock market and stuff like that Which by the way did that was up 85 point and the NASDAQ is up 37 points How can we never have anybody call us in with some good stocks that we can make millions of dollars from you know, oh left insider Trent know what's not In fact, let me ask you this if you're gonna invest in a stock wouldn't you like to put the word out So that everybody else buys the inter you create this Huh so that because it's not like it's a track where you knock the odds down with a stock market just the opposite When everybody starts a buying frenzy it skyrocket surprised me up there What what's wrong with that? What are you laughing about I think that's what we ought to start doing that's my new year's resolution for 99 Like I hear that Boston markets making a real big combat. Yeah, it might actually go up to one One of these days I doubt it, but it actually might make it come back and what's wrong with that? By the way, had some real interesting people came by at the hockey game on Saturday night And speaking of the hockey game. I don't want to spend a lot of time on hockey when we got Articles of impeachment and we've been bombing a crap out of Iraq nice call by the way guys nice going Pick up my son sent a sports section this morning and here's the big headline by Michael Russo that fat put whack with the son sent or really knows his crap. Oh my god You people in the meeting the end all young who we got Michael Mayo is writing the stuff that I said on the year last week And even at the stupid Daniel Abastut is writing baseball ready to shoot itself in the And all the fourth there. Yeah, and that what I've been saying Is that exactly almost worth for words verbatim what I've been telling you with these ridiculous salaries and how the fans You're like on the out to one great thing. I want to take it in the awhile Take it be a couple of months to figure this out. Let's see September October about three four months to figure this out There's nothing wrong. I mean we're showing up over 18,000 to game there at the National Carrectal Center for the hockey game and okay So nobody cares about the fact that you can't see the red light when the goal of scored up the shoot twice in unless you're sitting in like one particular spot Maybe the gold judge And now I understand I'm watching the behavior of the people that I noticed that up on the scoreboard every time there's a pause in the play And the people are up there duke it and drive it and dance and then stripping their stripping baby Well that one young babes he was up to practically start naked at one point and everybody's got a custodie five percent of the people in the crowd are all guys And about half of them are straight and they're all going That's what it's a party baby We don't care about the game. I mean if we should get lucky and play a couple of good games in the role and win two in the role Which we did thank God I was going right Whitney by the way The holidays I want to see Ray Whitney naked but nevertheless You know and that's nice that's like a bonus, but in the meantime that people there don't care There's socializing and having a good time. They're watching themselves on the big screen up there They're shaking it. They're squeezing it whatever It's a party baby What it is Well by the way do we have that God That's something that we don't have anymore doing it's a party out there Damn it what the hell ever happened that? See there you go and those were theirs too. I was one of the Rick and Sus. Oh by the way Rick and Sus start the New Year's I guess January 2. I don't think they're working New Year's day. January what fourth Doing mornings on you know, it's interesting to me too by the way I got all kinds of random thoughts we'll get back to Chris Wells Second by the way. Oh, yeah, there's my headline wells can be expected and I'm going yeah and and The injured panther is still two or three weeks away, but remember he hasn't played since March and That's a great night's go on Michael Russo you jackass you know nothing you idiot But at any rate so I was thinking I guess I was sitting there on the throne this morning Doing a real good one and I was thinking of myself you know something when you come right down with there are no other AM stations in town Because there's WI P which is dead as a door nail the D in that stance for dead. We know that we know when it died too And then there's there's no speaking in glaze there's a whole bunch of those there's your Haitian station and your Julio station And then there's After the Ella courses disappeared the life bulb even the old people can't find that anymore and then there's INZ Which is now they don't even use the call of their stupid talk So as far as speak at the in glaze QAM is it we got a goddamn monopoly baby all right Like it's pretty hard to understand how you don't have like the other 97% of the audience When did the only AM station on the valve but nevertheless we're doing it 10 minutes after 10 at 5 60 happy holidays from all your friends here at WQAM and even those who might not be Hey, you want to put a great cigar on your push as a matter of fact John penis congratulations on your new baby John John's wife Baby boy What was it on Friday which we didn't find out about till too late? Nevertheless John is down here to get in fact he also she should bring us well true when you have a kid bring a celebratory cigar He's gonna bring us a bunch of good stuff from next and maybe some cigars too What's a nice night Gorgeous It's inside a pen and a gizmetre. That old pen saw. It's you who convinced what the nags you. Oh! They're the president. Now it's a nags you. Hold in it between the only. What's the nags you? The printed pamphlet we did is you're not riding enough to fool down a shot. The children's pens are filled with that only. What's the nags you? They're the president. Oh yeah! Now you can make a village of dollars thanks to the bills better take. The movie says book would be a depressing on your face. What's the nags you? That's 16 at 5.60 WQM. If there was one or must have been 6,000 people came up to me at the hockey game on certain nights. Walked up to me and said it works for the lotion in the basket. And I said all right. Oh seriously did you notice the impact that our appearance at plantation borders which was our last fight away. We are doing an anonymous number. We thank your profusely. We had our record breaking appearance on Saturday for this year. 4300 bucks we raised for one. And a massive crowd didn't tell you that was the location there. And other people were trying to send us to places that we didn't want to go. I don't want to mention the sales manager. I don't want to start putting a negative tone on this because everybody's in a great mood for the holidays. Oh sure. 4300 big ones. So some guy brings by a little lower liquor basket. Minature basket with a big container of jerking lotion in there. Which we sent right over to the sports bar by the way because they can use it over there. Huh? That a little bit on your back room. Yeah a little bit will do it. That's what he used to say. But anyway, so the guy brings that by and everybody's looking at it and going Get what's the lotion in the basket. Oh yeah. Everybody in town is saying that even the ones that don't understand it. I had people as a game the other night who saw the movie asking, spoiled on kiddo. How is that possible? How is it possible that you're going to be a run on that. Silence of the lambs are going to be going out and running it and buying it and stealing it. And watching it just for that scene when Buffalo Bill says, It works the lotion in the basket. And I pulled like guilty is trying desperately to get out of the pit. But at any rate. I mean, how could anybody not get it? It works the lotion in the basket. So anyway, we got our total as of the moment, which is probably I'm sure this doesn't even include the other borders from last week. Can you imagine what we might have by now? Is anybody out there? Oh, for sure we have. And by the way, 280 bucks at the game on Saturday, People Robby by cash and checks. Thank you very much. And I didn't even take it to the track. 107,000 95 bucks. Wow. And they said that we couldn't do it, man. He wasn't going to do it. We didn't have no fill Henry stuff. We didn't have Rick and Sud stuff. We didn't have, you know, we never had an impact. She wasn't there long enough to put out her own stuff to battling. And I was up to the 18 starts in the comments. He sat in owner what day? Lañana. Oh, tomorrow, Lañana in the PM. Take a BM in the PM with a battling brook. Okay, two to six. And then Rick and Sud's on January 4th. I'll be doing mornings on the stupid talk network. A station that doesn't even have any callators. 50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial. And they still have it. By the way, so that means definitely absolutely John Ford is going off. And then mornings you're all boy. How long was he on about five minutes? I was going there, John. And everybody in that building hates you like poison. By the way, you want to see all the facts of these surplishes, facts that we get from over there. Man, oh man, today hate him like poison. If I can borrow that expression from one of our listeners on Friday. They hate your like poison, John. And by the way, your show sucks. And I scroll with that zero problem. Whatever it had there in the morning. They thought that nobody in the world could outdo Mr. Ego's putrid embarrassing performance in the morning. Guess what? John Ford done it. Alright, a zero point that whatever. I think it was in a minus column. Thanks to our close personal friend, Schalf Al-Kohn, by the way, from Sal and the Henry Loo company. What kind of a name is that? Henry Loo sounds like a chink named me. Or by the way, speaking out of Schalf Barrett by our sole water and some great. All you'll leave, wow. Now what did you do? What did he bring? You went that thing. Is that Al-Kohn? Oh, it's booze. Oh, look at that. What is it? It's vodka. Oh, my spoon off. He brought George Biosau, a big bottle of spoon off in a Christmasy kind of an agglacial kind of a thing. He brought me by a big three-liter can. I have my own big can, but he brought me another can. Imported from Italian, Verolio, extra quality on filter. Not your ordinary filter, but extra quality on filter, extra virgin olive oil. All you'll leave. And let's see. I'm looking at it back. Where does it say that the, oh yeah, from Zona, Industrioli, Bucino, wherever the hell it is. And it says, this extra virgin olive oil is pressed from the olives harvested from the hellviest trees capable of surviving the harsh waters in the hills of the Italian, and apanini's montanias. How do you like that? They apanini's. Anybody out there got a small apanini? So there you go. Thank you, Schalf. You're a hell of a guy from Falcone and Italian foods. And they said, the just stick your finger on you. No, some push it off to the side and you'll understand. Thank you, Schalf. You're a hell of a guy. So we got some heavy duty stuff going on here. Oh, I don't want to pee on everybody's parade. I know it's the holidays. Everybody is in a sensational mood. Even at the White House, they're laughing and curling and jingling. They got that Bob Littings and blow up the dollar. He really thought that that was going to work. That thought, you know, it was interesting. Because you probably won't, did you see that? What had happened live? Yeah. But you'll recall what he was talking about. Couldn't not have resigned before he dropped his bombshell. And they were all booing and they said, you resign. You resign. So, okay. And he did. Yeah, isn't that great? And by the way, are you starting as anybody out there besides me starting to piece together? How come the new, myster ran and, yeah? Because you know something, he was going to be next. If we wouldn't have been Bob Littingston with all of his philanthropy, it was going to be the new, myster, who's a philanthropy is legendary. I mean, he never saw a pair of lips that he didn't like. No matter what they were attached to is what I hear. So he went run and turn tail and ran for the hills. And Bob Littingston runs and for the hills. Larry Flint for president, baby. Oh, you already had one great president in the wheelchair. Why not one more, huh? And I was thinking about that this morning, you know? Because after you are head at mistress. And the hearsay guy was in a wheelchair. Now, if she was a servicing him, I don't want to get to grab the Heard his family. Show all the kids around his school. But seriously, how do you service a guy in a wheelchair? Take him out of the chair first. You do? Well, you don't have to. What about Chris Reeves? I'm sorry, that was bad. I'm not going to play that Superman thing. That would be, that would be really bad. Well, if you take Chris out of there, he might, you know, he might have a little problem. No, seriously, after he had polio and he was, but he was certainly capable. I mean, for crying out loud, they should reproduce him and had Bull like the owner. Man, they reproduce like rabbits. Not as much as they were going to took the fertility drugs by the way, and had the babies that the media's making a big, and hey, let's have a big party. They had eight kids are all in critical condition. And what kind of lunacy is this? But hey, is that wonderful? It's always wonderful. It's never like, oh, my God, if these kids should survive, what kind of a life are they going to have? You know, it's never like that. And like I've told you before, slippers are overpopulating the world of more dumb slippers. That's the sand parts. Anyway, Chris Wells can be expected. That's the good news for Michael Russo. You know, something I'm so excited about this. I say Stanley Cup. I can smell that cup right now. I think it's right with these, but I can sniff it. Wells can be expected. The injured Panther is still two or three weeks away, but remember he hasn't played since March. And it goes on in the middle of the article, and almost laughable fashion to say, Wells 23 scored five goals, and at 15.6 long games last year, and with the Panthers, most improved youngster. Well, of course, it's all relative. He was the most reliable center of the face off circle along with forward radic to Borac, probably among the, was among the team's best penalty killers. Okay? So all of a sudden, Michael Russo adds the duly instructed I'm sure by the organization is making a big case. Chris Wells has come back. Hey, anybody excited about that? No, of course not. Now we've got the fur flies over furbies, man held on trespassing charge. Let us see, this is on page six speed. This should have been on the front page of the front section. To show you that this country needs a lobotomy and a gigantic rectum rectal enema. I was never done in, by the way, what other is there any other kind of an obfyside they rectal enema one day? No, man held on trespassing charge desperation to buy the elusive Furby apparently got the better of some people waiting in line outside of Walgreens west of Boko on Sunday. Kenshin's led to perhaps the first case of Furby-related violence in South Florida, leaving a deputy with a broken finger and a man under a rest. Deputies were called for Walgreens in 1958, 51 blades wrote about five thirty in the morning yesterday to try to bring ordered to align five, three in the fricking morning. The try to bring order to align that it's informed since three in the fricking morning it says right here in the paper this fricking workers at the story, portedly called police because some in line had blocked the entrance to the store. They started forming a line at three o'clock in the morning because they had furbies in there. Oh, my. They are good. Walgreens had advertised the availability of the hard-defined furbies. Although the drugstore chain also requires the Sunday paper apologizing for its limited supplies. Deputies as three pre-pilined the line to leave warning two that they could face the rest for trespassing if they failed to heed the request. One man Thomas Arluis 41 refused Sheriff's office spokesman Paul Miller said the man then got into a fight with his companion about whether he should leave and deputies went to arrest him. He was a deputy scuttled with a man who was to do with the type of pepper spray. And Florida we call it clogged pepper spray. They moved in because he had already been warned and wouldn't leave Miller said he resisted put up a struggle with our deputies. Deputy John Killings were suffered a broken ring finger in the struggle with Lewis Miller said Lewis was arrested on charges of resisting arrest with violence and trespass after a warning. He was being held on $3,000 bail at the Palm Beach County jail. He be held on bail in the old Palm Beach County jail. Managers of the store would only say the Furbies went on sale at 8 AM and were gone at about 45 minutes. I want you to stop and think about this boys and girls ladies and gentlemen stop and think about this. They went on sale eight o'clock in the morning. They were lined up at three o'clock in the morning yesterday for Furbies. That's like a Cuban red line. Oh, you ought to know. People have been desperate to buy one of the season's most sought toys rarely on store shelves being hawked in newspaper classified ed. And on the internet for more than $100 far beyond its $30 list price. Police separated combatants struck me over Furbies in New Smurna Beach, two were injured in Ophalan, Illinois and a Furby inspired stampede at Walmart in a Furby inspired stampede. Oh, let me tell you. Put those damn cabbage nuts. Dolls in the back in the hopper again. Back in the rear of our attention because now it's the Furby, which is another ugly little aggrotest thing that your kid, if your kid don't have a Furby, your kid ain't a trap. That's right. How do you like that? Three o'clock in the morning. They lined up for stuff that was coming out five hours later so they can get a Furby for their pin and the asshole kids. I guess nobody ever told them what that micro all the good uses for their micro wave. 26 after 10 at 560 WQA. Why is your guy in North Cross for your WQA on official information to identify hurricane judge? Don't panic, get your water. And run, run, work on a knife! And now, here's your Christmas worry for today with art. Don't worry, Ward. I worry about you, Ward. His job is way too hard. I worry that this is why you're in on that strike. Don't get frostbite as it goes or fall off. And then when he drops down some of these chimiques, something to see him without his nose. The take up for a monster and drive a wooden steak through his heart. And what if that doesn't do the job off? And then against them and yanked out the steak and said, can't you take it everybody around the house? And as he's running through all his front thin points fall off. I tell him he's like this awful skeleton in a red suit. And he should be with a funny wooden steak. He's alive! He's alive! Ha ha ha ha! If you look like a trans wirped up today, show. Take a deep breath and go sit on Santa's lap. I thought he was going to go sit close to the Santa's face. 1032 at 560 WQM. Remember what Renfield said in Dracula? It works the lotion in the basket. So anyway, so many things I'm not forgetting about. I'm getting sidetracked. So I had my first Palestinian listeners that I met the hockey game Saturday. Nice gentleman and his teenage son came by shaking my hand profusely. And said, oh, by the way, we're Palestinian. Oh, great nice people. Thank you. And God bless you. God bless you here and out over there in the same for you. So anyway, I forgot I'm trying to talk about this. And I started 20 minutes ago to give him this, but I got so much crap in my brain today. I got to squeeze it out. Thursday night, there comes a gathering of people on my lawn. Coming up. And I just never saw anything like it. I'm a little security screen there, which is right next to my TV. And we're kind of like acting. Who the hell are these people? It's the carolers. It's not bad enough that how long we know the new deal is. It goes on for hours and hours and hours. And at parents bring all their pain in the ass of the kids and continue ringing the bell and knocking on the door because they know that you're in there with the sound down on the TV. Even if you don't answer. And the only reason that's not that I'm a cheap skate like some people. I know I don't want to mention no names, rumor. It's not that I'm a cheap skate, but the fact is that I don't want to have like five pounds of candy sitting around waiting for the Halloween kids showing up because I need half of it at least. But this is a first. I mean, am I living like an asheltered world or something? I have never seen this before my life. There must have been 40 of them parents with little kids mostly. Not even up north. You never got hit. No. That's where I thought it went on. I never heard of it. I never heard of it because guess what, even out in the acres, we have a couple of Jews, a couple of atheists, a couple of abudas, a couple whatever the hell we are. We're not interested in no Christmas carols, okay? So when these listeners say the mute button goes on with TV, what? Getting the churches out there. We got a synagogue. We got a church. We got the morons. We got a church to bat this. Everyone. Airbys. I'm nice to meet there on whatever the hell at the. What is that church you see in it? Do you assembly of God? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I wonder why they were listening to the parking lot. Snake and Lee. Yeah. I saw some young guy out there on Sunday. I was thinking of parking lot. In fact, some lady was out there listening to this. Making the parking lot. He said, if it's good enough for Bubba, I said, don't feed me those bubble mice. He's okay, please. So somebody's faxed his mate. So please, no more caroling. Okay, no more knocking on the door. Ghosting or Christmas carols out of. I thought they did that like in malls and you know, places where a lot of people come read and you can either listen to the word. No, I thought that's what that was all about. Not knocking on your door and vating your privacy. Pock in a panic with all these silly Christmas carols. You don't knock on the doors. You just stand out there and sing and they come out if they want. No, they didn't do that. They did not do that. They rang the bell. They knocked on the door and then when they realized there was nobody. I guess they didn't want to be singing to an empty house. Although my dogs were elected. Huh? The hall is red lots of, you know, lots of that. Yeah, which my little dog by the way, let me a you a log this morning. Yeah, hey, nice going, tiny. Look me a little you a log. There's nothing worse. It's like a quarter to seven in the morning and you hear the sound of the feet scratching on the floor. Because that's an instant message that somebody is left you a you a log. Somebody facts his me and thanks you profusely by the way, because I didn't miss this yesterday. In the middle of my 7,000 pages of advertising in both papers. Ask the editor by Earl Malker. That is name, mum's here. Earl Mums here. The editor of the scum sent me a story. Tell what it is, but editorial say what board things it says. And this is right on target. Must be one of our listeners Jim wrote in North Miami Beach. It says question. If it is the opinion of your editorial board that legalized casino gambling. If there's all of the bad things described in the editorial, then don't you feel that is a height of hypocrisy to include the spread for every sport imaginable in the sports section of your newspaper, ax Jim. Answer from Earl Mumser, the editor of this news paper. The question is a good one because it points out that we've not done an adequate job of educating our readers about the differences between our editorial pages and our news coverage. In our editorial, we support a criticize issues of public interest. But those opinions do not affect how we cover news stories. Anybody believe in that? Right. We're not going to tell reporters to back off writing news stories just because the editorial board feels a certain public policy such as gambling is not good for the community. The members of our editorial board, which consists of me, Mr. Mumser, are published here to seven editors and writers and cartoonists come to our position separately from the day to day news room operations. The board of the fact that they could use an operation of their newsroom a lot of money would be good. A group on the board of service researchers talks to policy and opinion leaders and offers opinions on a variety of subject to public interest. Newsroom editors and reporters are not involved in those decisions and editorial writers do not write stories for our news pages. For years, we had a tour of lines against the Florida Lottery, but we include the winning numbers daily in our news pages. The fact that we are against legalized gambling do not prevent us from sending a column list of the Bahamas last weekend to cover the grand opening of a new hotel expended casino on Paradise Island or taking the ads by the way. On our editorial pages, we have said consistently that we feel legalized gambling is wrong for South Florida because the state doesn't need it to create more problems than it's worth. Yet we have not curtailed coverage of the seminal Indian gaming entertainment coverage and travel stories and test locations as Las Vegas and European and South American gambling resource. And all the ads that they take for which you don't mention here by the way. Now, here is this is every time you think you've read the most incredible crap in the history of your life. You come to something new and amazing. This is so amazing that it puts the notion in the basket. Listen to this. We believe that non-gamblers are interested in point spread as much as those who make bets. Oh, just that's true. He don't even like sports. He looks at those points spread every day of his life. Don't you? Oh, yeah. Let me say it again. This is a man with a straight face. This is the editor of the goddamn Sun Sentinel. Okay? We believe that non-gamblers are interested in points spread as much as those who make bets. Sports fans want to know who the professional odds makers are favoring. Even our own sports staffers for the toolmen, key matchups every weekend. We know that some of our readers use the information for placing bets. By the way, that's illegal bets, Mr. Mumsier. But for many others, part of the fun of watching a football game or other competitive sport is to see if the predictions of the odds make the sports writers are right. Oh, my God, this is... I'm going to tell you something. That should be... I wonder the cartoonist is on it. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. It's unbelievable. Is that right, Mr. Mumsier? Well, it's great points. He's right. This is very... It's great points. God is right. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. This is unbelievable. I'm sure I'm gonna frame this. I'm gonna save this as long as I live. Because I know that being the base sports fan that I am at least a hockey fan. Every day before that I like tonight we got the least by the way nice game there made police seven of our Rangers. Which was really seven a one three meaningless three goals late in the game. Nice goal and goal leaf skull baby. I got that cup in Toronto way. But I'm gonna look right in there. I forgot to check out who they're picking in the Toronto Pittsburgh game tonight. I may believe gardens. Because being a sport, I forgot to look in there to see you. They're picking in the dolphin Broncos game tonight. Because I'm not gonna be betting on it. But still it's a sports fan. Somebody who has a more than a passing interest in that game. We believe that non-gamblers are interested in points, breads as much as those who make bets. His role mums are the editor of one of your major newspapers in this time. I am gonna tell you boys and girls right there at Christmas time. If you want to gift for the new year, you should beg for a real newspaper in this time. We need more than anything else in this area. A real newspaper. Which do we have one now? Not even close. Oh, that is hysterical. That would be like saying that people don't gamble. Listen to the Ed Kampons. 20 B4 11 at 5.60 WQM. Yes, it's six and it's not badly. Stop bombing back dad. All right. Who with every day? I want to watch it on TV. Oh, I right. I right. We've not closed. It should take a day. We've just put a man to it. Oh, I right. I want to wake up and see that city is don't exist. And then air and tell that not a mistake. We're really pissed. You're on the ice again. That little piece of shit. I'll get done up and make a hit. One more rule. Who's your heart? The song has not to go off that now. We all know each part to bounce. I right. I right. I right. I right. I want to wake up and see that city is on the floor to fix the floor to the and say that with number one. I for the heat. Keep it. Again we have one. One. One. One. One. One. Let's take your fucking lot of this. And hold my breath. When all the boys are there, I'll do a show with that kick fair and say goodbye. I right. I right. I right. I right. I right. I'm going to tell you something. Thanks. I'm 48 to five 60 W. By the way one great gift we all got for the holiday. It's not a magic or still alive. Are you sure not really? But anyway, we're not here. No more words about Jotan Joe. He's still alive. As long as Jotamazio is still alive, we still have our condar. Our connections to America's youthfulness. So we that's what I'm hearing. As long as Jotamazio is still gasping for oxygen, we still have that link that's right. Okay, it's all request week here on the show Friday. Of course we won't be here. We're going to have lots of lots of football games on Christmas day and New Year's Day and whatever else they put on the year because we don't want to be here and we won't. But at the meantime, it's all request week. This week next week. And of course, are we going to get any calls because all of the pain in the S. Kids are right at school? No, everybody's on vacation. Oh, we're all running around the course not. So we'll just play the rack. We'll play all kinds of great stuff. 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the mobile one line. Now are they going out with a QM van today or what? Yes, we don't know. I think they are. I think we're going to get some more part ones. Oh, that's a good question. Oh, and that's another thing I should mention. Our center one fundraiser is going so well that we're selling out of like everything. I mean, part ones, the CD and the Neal's nuggets and all kinds of stuff just vanishing front of our eyes. 43 hundred bucks at the borders and plantation there on Saturday in two hours. We're going to be okay. What is it? They're going to both. They're going to bulk it today, by the way. Whatever we got, you'll you'll get it. Okay, you'll give them your money and you'll like it. That's what I want to say. They're going up to bulk it. So all your people in Palm Beach County, we're always a bitchening in money that we ignore you. They're going up to bulk it. They're going to get some good phone numbers up there. So they can get laid at like a lunch hour. But in the meantime, we'll try to raise a few extra bucks because we got 107,95 bucks, which means guaranteed piece of cake. We're going over 110 grand, which I never if you would ask me like two, three weeks ago, are we going to do that? I would have said very emphatically. No chance. So thank you very much, Gary. I'll help it. I'm getting that holiday spirit and getting yourself a lot of good stuff to listen to and send all your friends and enemies to what I have you. What a great thing that was there on Saturday. That was sensational. And of course, you're some amazing stories there too, by the way, which I can't repeat on the year. We're telling you what the source of those stories was about some of the goings on here at this radio station. But at any rate, here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, congratulations on your fundraiser. I must admit that I haven't seen any new stories in either of the papers or the TV. I have to make a story, Terry Jackson writes a big story and Robert deserves praise for spotlighting children and need in the lively part section of the hero this morning. And I saw that and I said to myself, well, I'm sure, Terry must also have something about the great job that Neil Rogers did on QAM, reason all that money for the people of Center 1 and did he put anything in there? No, he did not. It's a myth. Neil, I'm holding my breath. And Neil, I maybe explain, I mean, maybe he has some firmies to give away, you'd make another option off you down. Yeah, if we get a done man, it doesn't firmies. I bet you we get another 50 grand easy. But Neil, you're the answer my question, uh. Yes, sir. Who decides what toy is going to become popular for each Christmas? How did this become so popular? My kids know nothing about it. Oh, please, well, that's good. I've had a firmy for years. Yeah, but my wife, yeah. Uh-huh. And Neil, another another point. Hopefully with a better nose. Yeah. When did we become so politically correct and we have to stop a little bit because of a religious. Yeah, that's right. We have to stop that out because it's a ramalemoding done. That happened on World War II Neil. But you know, something I wouldn't surprise me if like right in the middle of ramalemoding done these surprises. I'm like, hey, here's another one for you. Here you go. Just just to keep my in line. The Dom still summoned his nose with us. If we let him go for another six or seven years, you're going to rebuild. We're going to go through that. Oh, no, yeah, I didn't hear what I said again. And here what I said on Friday, we're going to make this lucky in a way yearly event. If we're going to put it on the calendar permanently, it's going to be called Bomb Erak Week. We got to admit. Uh-huh. It's good trying time to tell a vision. Right. And Neil, can I call a couple of these people, do you Spag? Yes. Big Jim and Roy, they're big furniture moving, uh, gift coat and douche bag. Roy, Neil. Yes. There's no bags in NASCAR. Okay. Okay. So you're having a difficult for us. Okay. We have an open line in the date all abroad, all three lines. It's going to be really weak this week. And I can deal with that. Five six, seven, five, six. You know what it may be? Just give me was that my paycheck already? Huh? What was that? It was my stub. I didn't think I'm getting my paycheck on the 21st since I'm not supposed to get it till Thursday. I didn't think so. I'm very embarrot of your stuff. I already got mine. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. I wanted to be questioned. I wanted to make a quick plan about what's the that we're saying. Yes. I mean, what is the difference between what he's doing or what the United States is doing? I mean, excuse me, do United States spend? Are we poisoning? Are we gassing our own people, sir? Is that what we're doing? Are we are we building all kinds of chemical and biological weapons to unleash on unsuspecting innocent people? Is that what we're doing? Sir? No. I mean, so what's the comparison? But the United States spends billions and billions of money on weapons and food. We're not going to work with anybody. Yeah. I mean, I'm not saying that. What are we doing right now? What are we just going to speak to? What would you call that? Okay, what's your request? Okay, I mean, you look okay. Okay, I'll find out what that up. Me too. The Bob Bell songs. One hand. Okay. Okay. Thank you. I have a great life in the Gogan education. It's never can hurt. We have an open line of day two and power. Five six, seven, five, six, eight. Now what is that called? Bob Dull's bum hand. And I'm sure that's not in here. Why? Yes, it is. Under what Robert Dull's? Or Robert, well, excuse me, that's right. There's Robert Dull loses. That's not it, is it? No. Not in here. I'll have to get it off to your CD, Mr. It's not in here. See, Mr. Smartie pants. The things you know is everything which he almost but not quite. There's Robert Dull loses. I'll find it. Okay, two open lines in Broward. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, the unimobile one line here on all requests week on WQM because we're the goddamn great mode. Because the panthers won't leave the leaves crushed the ranger. And he had dolphins might do something tonight. They will do something tonight. They will either win, lose, or something. Here's a mobile in my and you, hello. Hello, yes sir. Are you doing nail grade? I just want to wish you and George if that's the holidays. And back to you. And that's from 1999. You're the best. And you play one request. Yes, sir. The Abbonese, Dradleson. The what? The Ambonese. You mean the eight days of Hanukkah? That's sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. Yeah. Okay, all you're going about there. Get ready. We're going to play the eight days of Hanukkah. By the way, until this day, I never realized that Joe Rose was the token boy on that morning show. Until this day, when I heard him going about the Yitz Cocker, whatever the hell he was saying there. You can't say that on the air, Joe. Open line of day two in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, the palm, five, six, the unimobile one line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Any else? Yes, sir. I was just listening to that guy with the call about, you know, we stopped there and observing from their holiday, we stopped bombing them. Am I wrong and recollecting that what was at the six day war back in like 1960 something when Syria and Egypt attacked Israel, they did it on Russia, it didn't attack on the holiday? Yes, they did. Yeah, they did. So, uh, I mean, I really pissed off. So why are we being like so civilized here? Why don't we just stop carpetbots and then get rid of them? Okay, and I think that's next week. Oh, okay. What was I like you said? We're going to put it on the schedule? Yeah. On the holiday. Okay. And that guy calls somebody's fish back. Okay. We have, uh, all of the look at that. It's going to be really, I think I just going to play the rack this week. Okay, there's no point in action for calls because there ain't going to be none. That's okay. We understand we know you're very busy. We know that you're out there acting delicious and the maniacal, etc. So, one nice traffic by the way this morning on a way to work. All those none. It's already a holiday. Thank God for these nice long holidays. And, uh, two beds, we all have to be here. Four minutes before 11 at five, 60 WQM. Hey, do you? Thank you. Oh yeah, I am old and crumpy, but try to one verse. And I have a problem. I think I can't use my head. I only have one hand. I only have one hand. I like to take my pen and pick it. I can't lie. I can't lie. I can't lie. I can't lie. Don't play. Well, for me, I'm cranky better old than. And if you don't make fun of me, I'll slap you like a man. But only with my good hands. I only have one hand. Oh, I only have one hand. Coming soon to the theater near you. Superman, superman five. How come, superman, superman, quit to me, oh, it's drowning. Hey, here comes the man. Here he comes. He's going to wheelchair. Oh, good, good, good, good. Oh, good, good, good. Hey, good, what are we doing here? Oh, man, more careful than me can I quit today. Yeah, yeah. I'm going to do everything which is not done in the old days of war. Get on top of the tree. Ow! Ow! On the evil song, I finally figured out a way to defeat Superman. We've tripped tonight. Yo, spips. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. She remained by the search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you. Okay, 11, 0, 2, and 5, 60, 00, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60, other AT&T wireless bond, Hank will be on for the abbreviated show today from 2 to 4 from Shulal steak 2 because it's 4. We got 6,000 hours of pre-game possibilities. And we're going to get a lot of spots in there, baby. We're going to break into the, get to the Wayne's Moneyback. And then at 8 o'clock tonight, the course it's the offensive of Broncos. Any interest? No. Of course I know that even those of us who don't care all that much about it are going to be checking out the Sunset and the Sports Pages to check out the morning line on on that. That, please don't let me ever lose this. Let me, uh, tape it to my vacuum. We believe that non-gamblers are interested in points bread as much as those who make bets. That's right, Earl Mumsier make no mistake about it. We're scouring. We're looking more, uh, man. What can you say about Earl Mumsier the editor of the Sunset? He's an asshole. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? There's one thing I want to touch on. I haven't heard you talk about it. Touch away. What's up with these people that take all these fertility drugs and they end up popping out eight puppies at eight and fifteen, right? You know, that's kind of this, it's like, they don't even have a decent seed of score to mile one at a time. Right. It's not a little selfish. Well, she's squirting out one first, I think. Wasn't that a few days ago? She's going to have to one then all of a sudden seven more. Yeah. And, uh, but isn't having puppies, you know? You have to cut seeing that's like a little litter of kids. Right. You're only struck. That's right. You know, you know, war and disease and so much shortage of everybody. I think I'm going to have all eight of my kids now. Just because some of them have, you know, an eye where their asses are both to be. I mean, you know, what are we getting picky about it? You know, one of these are medical, uh, I think anyone who takes a bunch of drugs to like have, you know, because you're always here about them, you know, say anywhere between four. I say, let's have the fertility drug police. I'm going to have nasty. Let's forget about the marriage. You mean, he police and start with the fertility drug police. Anyway, I think that's pretty, you know, anyway. So, I just thought I'd tell you about it. Okay, thanks for the good news. You know why they do that, don't you? It works the lotion in the basket. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Right, Neil. Yes, sir. Son, they're more than looking at, uh, what is it? Dr. Schueler? Oh, Dr. Schueler. I saw Larry King was on there with my channel, sir. And I saw Larry King was on her. Can you believe this? Larry, uh, Ziggler, this little Jewish boy for the Bronx. He's on her telling a Robert Schueler. Don't be just kidding. Yeah. How do you like that? I want to make sure you saw that. What a phony piece of crap he is. Can you believe that? I was happy. I was happy. And they can have you, both of us. There's a little Jewish boy standing there, uh, you know, doing a prayer in a, uh, some gray issue, church in the Crystal Cathedral, I said, I have no religion, but I'm doing it. And as they continue looking each other's behind. All right, Neil, Merry Christmas. And back to you. I have to, uh, to the front. And then they'll do it that. Okay. Open line in, uh, day 14 in Broward. Five, six, seven, well, you know what the gang is going to be in Bokeh, by the way, with our best stuff stuff. But starting today, right through the end of the year, I think we really ought to take off these attendees as soon as they get my check. Take off these last 10 days of the year and let these people have a good time. Well, let the whole gang come in, you're going to let the same in the Christmas and Jocaccella. Well, let them all come in and tell like, you're a mystery during the holidays. We'll be, uh, we've got a lot of good material. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It's got back from Las Vegas. I was there for a week. Yeah. Didn't check out the points Fred once while I was there. How about that? But now that I'm back. Now that I'm back. And I was there a few weeks ago and didn't check out the points Fred either. Absolutely not. Why check them out? It's better to check them out when you get back to Miami. Yeah. That's about one of the very few things you can do back here. There's open up your newspaper, check the spreads. You got that right. Well, um, I got a new name for that religious holiday out there in Iraq. Yeah. Which is renamed that Pomodon. We can just go out there and pull them up. Not bad. Mark your down, pal. Okay. And have a great one. Okay. Two of the broader people are really worked up and fired up about that, uh, those in Peachman, aren't they? Yeah. Yeah. There's two articles of the speechment. And the reason they're not worked up in pissed off is because they know that we just did gigantic waste of time. And there was totally partisan. And another, you know, like they said, another, blah, blah, blah is cool. Attempt anyway. A lynching attempt. And the Senate is going to dispense of this very, very soon in the new year. You mark. Mark my words right now. And I'll talk it down. They will dispense of the delgio. Rid of it. They'll run away like it's cut to bubonic plague. Especially now, that's 73% approval rating that came out this morning. And 72% NBC lies about 73% and they're saying cut the crap is what they're saying. Here's a lady in key largo. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning, Neil. When is the? I have been trying very hard to reach your website for the last week. What you're going to the wrong one because you're going to the new guy dot com that doesn't exist anymore. You can let the new lodges dot com. You'd be amazed that it's there. Thank you so much. And I'm sorry, isn't I was trying to do that? If I wanted to get information about how to make a contribution to this charity. Right. It'll be right there on new lodges dot com. Okay. And tell me one other thing. Uh huh. Even though I'm not looking for a freebie. Are you giving CDs of the best house with donations or no? Because I'll be happy to pay for it. Don't I'm not a GB? Sure we are. That's what it's. That's how we raise the money. You don't think that these people are all just giving money for nothing. Uh yes. I do. Well, my best few got some salvation army got some. I want yours to ask some. This is Christmas time for the guttions. Goodwill. Okay. Okay. So you go watch pardon. Anyway, you like. If you want CDs, we've got them there on the website. And if not, they'll take your money too. Well, how do I send the money? I just write a checkbook in the address. The whole work. Right. It will be all right on there. It's real simple. I thank you. And I love you. And thank you. And have a good one. It's real simple. We'll take all the money you got. Because we're getting a tour. And are we getting a tour? And so we're not. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's the lady in South Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I'm in Santa. And it's very odd story. But I lost my house. I was probably up for 30 to a year. Because of criminal mischief. Uh huh. I was forced to sell it in 1995. I've been here a number of break-ins. And apparently, even new. There seemed to be some kind of misunderstanding. I believe from the security guard. I heard there was some kind of rumor that was spread a number of people. I'll bet a set of them when I got from the Law and Ladies and gentlemen's company. Man, what are you talking about? What in God's name are you talking about? Why do few people have come to call the Neil Rogers show? For what? Because there's things to be some kind of misunderstanding. What's something that you're about? What? About the May of all things. About you? What? I'm kind of a rumor or anything like that. Uh huh. Okay. We'll check it out. Oh, Jesus. Joseph and Saul. Good. Got Almighty. Can you believe that? Do we have any rumors about her? Let's start some. We have an open line of day two of Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The only AT&T wireless line. He'll have an online at QM. As we begin our 600 hours of coverage of the dolphin pregame show. Oh God, the all. Squared, squared? Two, six, three, those men's up in your appetite and learning. On the third day of Ramadan, my parents came through me. Three of us each have each heard two. Six in straight or six up in your appetite and care for me. Oh, why? What, why? Hey. We have a thing on our heads. That's your fate. on the fourth day of hot-a-duff. That's cool. My parents did to me. Well, the church was candy, but it's got a little shit. It's been a little sick and jade-o. Think the brutal thumbs. No. Sorry. It's been a little jade-o. I made it out of clay. And when I wanted my day, I felt a thing away. No, but that night's. Bite me. I'm the fifth day of hot-a-duff. My parents yelled at me. For one day, I felt a thing away. Oh, what can you do? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not watching candy. Not watching church. Not watching trails. Or a picture of my bed at 30. Oh, my friend. On the sixth day of hot-a-duff. My parents made me sing. In my one-of-rich night, I felt a thing away from the song every year. In front of my friend, for me. On the seventh day of hot-a-duff. My parents made me sing. God, I'm freezing hot-a-duff. Here's my one-of-rich. I want a trick that's cheating. I want a trick that's cheating. I want a trick that's cheating. I want a trick that's cheating. Oh, you pissed like a hud. On the eighth day of hot-a-duff. My parents gave to me. Nothing that I want to benefit of me, You like us. Yes, I'm over-rich. Where is my trick that's not true? I'm not a coach or candy. Three, get me, start kissing, straight-up. And I'll picture up my face and hurt me. Oh, my God. I'm not a good guy. Hey, it's much lamarcin in the bass. Robert does 116 at 5.60, WCWM on a really amazing Monday, December number 21. We have 400 open lines, and day 6,000, Broward 298 in Palm Beach, 5.60, Palm 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless line. WCWM Georgia is out taking a leak, hello. Oh, cross-prings. Yes, they're speaking. Neil. Yes. What are they doing to our good old friends' reconstructs? Meaning what? You know, they're putting them back on more than... What do you need to do? I know that. I'm the one that gave you that bullet in several days ago. You heard it first year. Everybody heard it first. I know it. This clear channel, know what they're doing. No. No. No. They're bringing back somebody. They fight. I hope these guys are going to be alright. I love them. I'm loyal to them. I want to see you. And I just hope that they find a place on the dial for them. What are you doing with that? Well, I get worried about, you know, I get worried about... I don't understand why they're going to be doing more things. Because I know they hated getting up in the morning. They hated doing the morning show. And it's just like a death wish. I have no idea. But that's the pitfalls you're like. I told you a couple of weeks ago when the stuff first blew out is that, you know, you just kind of take it the same people. Shuffling them all around, moving them from one time slot to another. That's his idea of programming. It's like they're trying to promote your song, you know, clear channel. There's no clue. Right. Okay. Neal face. And have a happy. And best of luck to Rick and son. Because believe me. Okay. Okay. Look at that four. We'll need it to hear this week. I want to let that tell you. Not going to be any calls this week. We got an empty board there right now. Not here. All the requests week. We did a great Saturday there. We're like 107 grand plus for a set of one. We're going to get some serious. We got a president who is imitating the Kennedy's and everybody likes it. And his crowd is dead in the door. And he'll just play in the rack. I'm not going to make a pretensive talk to people today. They don't want to talk to me. I won't talk to them. We're sad. You know, it's the ing and the ang. And like that crazy lady. We had call our few minutes ago. There you go. That's what we get. That's what you get through in a holiday. Because anybody with a brain. Anybody who's able to break out of their house. They're out. They're doing something. Hopefully a far away from here for their sake. Is that like a real call or is that to make believe me? And here's a four-laterdale. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, yes. Please, please, please, please, please. Don't be being with bread by black men. What is it? Women should be done on. Who? Beamed by black men. Who? Really? Really? Well, okay. Thanks. Being by black men. Okay, there you go. There's another good American for you. Mr. Bauddame, five, six, seven, five, 60, five, fifty, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Not just by any old man but by a black man. How about two or three black men? Well, name Ben. Name Peter. Didn't she hint him much? Are inserted in? We are not too much. Thank God. One or two queer shifts fall in down, getting knocked down. And we can see him, normal. Here's a mobile in the four-laterdale, hello. Can we get a little tribute to Bill Call? The room, I read you. Now, that card is the machine-rated. I'm just close to him getting you off the way. Here's Kendall. Hey, how are you doing? Rob, I'm Kendall. Yeah, Rob. I was wondering why she's not on vacation somewhere in Amsterdam right now. I should be. I should have taken these 10 days off not the end of the year because it's death value. It's a hopeless cause. What are you doing here? What are you doing for payday on Thursday? I enjoy listening to George. It's pretty good. Yeah. He deserves the vacation. Nothing with all of that. I have to deal with. I'm going to be packing about a half an hour. Really? I got a lot of experience. After you play the N95 down full thumbs. Yeah. Have them put it on about 45 minutes after you leave and then listen to it on your way out. Okay. But yeah, if you could play that for me, I'd love to hear this much. I sure will. Rob, great. Yeah, that'd be hard to. And back to you. What's that under by the way? What is it? I don't know. I'm just lost here. All of us are on any five-assel thumbs. Yeah, is that under eye? I'm not even five. It's under. N95. How do you spell eye? Is that like an eye? Is that like an eye? Huh? Oh, sorry. I'm having a little bit of a different one. You can play it there to make any difference to me. Why do I need to go a part? Yeah. Let's go. We have a good one. You can go in there. It's not just pretty different things. I'm confused. Okay. You think it's easy. I want one. Well, I was driving down N95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. I wrote a song about him and said, It goes like this. For he fall, I'm an asshole. Or did you work it in your whole life? Yeah. Either way it works out fine. But you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A. Yes, that's a totally, And don't keep trying to explain it all to me. Okay. I can tell. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole. You're an asshole. You can't do it. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You're being asshole, or rest of your life. All right. You're an asshole tonight. Why did you just feel like you're doing this? I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. I'm just doing this. What? I was talking to your mother. Juuuundi. I'm older. I'm on your an apple. She said, yeah. I think you're right. Go. All your friends are an apple. Did you know that you're whole life? And nobody told me you've got an apple for life. I'm actually a lesbian. What's my job? I'm a joke loser with all the positive refreshes. It's 11.3 at 5.60WQ. What does that mean? Well, you're not familiar with our technical stuff. You're okay. Is that okay? Okay. Open line of day two and a row or five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, on the 18T wireless line. I wouldn't be too surprised if Christian the QA and batter up there in Boka. Any a few minutes now. You had a one? Wait for standing to get back from the growth for more discs. That's right. We'll read that from the grove. In other words, we're picking stuff out of the grove. They're not moving. What is that all about? Oh, I'm not doing too well if the borders and coconut grove because basically the body's got in the grove. A bunch of faggings frozen there. Is that what it's all about? I do it too well on there. They don't like it. They don't like it. They don't like it. They don't like it. Everywhere else where a gigantic hit was smashed. Even the Palestinians on this show. The Jews love it. But in coconut grove, man, I guess they got their nose way up by any other's... Rectos. Here's Boka. Hello. Yes sir. I got a good introduction about being an asshole. I guess I am one. I'm still holding with the impeachment. And I thought perhaps if you had a moment I'd like to discuss with you. This is what? Well, for example now, if we examine some of the motives that these people have. And also we're deriding the plane writing in the constitution which talks about treason. And... My wife is... I don't know. It doesn't talk about perjury. It doesn't take place. Please in bribery and other high crimes in this to me. They don't take perjury. They take perjury. They take perjury so many times that they've planted in your brain. And now you're saying it like some kind of a minor bird. No perjury. It's not an account of food. I want to make a point. But you have to make a point correctly. I'm going to make it correctly if you're a little bit of a speak-out. No. Okay, we have an open line in the date one in bribery. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't want to talk. It's the holidays, baby. Is there anybody out here who's watching here? I'm not going to try it. No. No way. Let's take a vote. Anybody want to hear him? No. The constitution talks about perjury and my ass. God, almighty. I'd rather shit here and go. Probably get a bigger audience, too, for four hours. I don't know if you're going to like that. Listen to guys like him. Old, crusty parts. Go, Bob, there. Go steal somebody's mail in your condo. Okay, pal. Go, Bob, there's somebody in your condo, minime and get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60. On the 18th, he wireless line. We're the full play show. Hank will have the immediate full play show. Well, what tank are to do now that the boy? Starting tomorrow. What? What? Talk about stiff competition. They don't come any stiffer than her. This will everybody wants to hear. The afternoon of some real, jappy objectionable in New York. He's on him bitch. Is that what we want to hear? No. 26 after 11, 5, 60. WCW salespeople are ISOs. The grand off the ground. No rain, dear. Always wound up last day, right? The bad town, he got up around the house. Follow into close behind. All of the other rain, dear. Love to make him come back, please. They all would stop abruptly. And want to send what comes a chance. Whoa! One day, Randolph got better. He said this job stinks. He's applying to yourself a new couple. He gave them all a Christmas do. Santa and all the rain, dear. Maybe, Gantz, or shot, and please. Randolph, the brown nose, rain, dear. You should try my technology. Oh, yeah, that guy was right. It's a constitutes, this is putty and fluffy blow job thinking. Correct, don't worry. Oh! It says, we must get the message off that evil goose breath. Because he needs to double the food breath out. What a talk, huh? I'm just got to make sure. So anyway, you know what things to say about that, it's right or don't you? Okay, we have an open line in date to it. Oh, by the way, that reminds me, another thing I wanted to mention here today. I want to thank our great listener, the brought me the tape, even though it was a horrendous. And it's always good to have another nice video tape like to take the lead to take the lead's rating, give them on Saturday. No, you remember the guy that brought me the tape of that ESPN thing about Fags and Sports? Basically, it said, there's no exactly the NFL or the NHL. That's what it says. No, I mean, who is the one guy that's who's not retired, the kept saying, you know, when somebody keeps saying, I'm not a fact, I'm not a fact and keeps saying it over and over again. Like what's the same like with a mustache? I've time of truth. I mean, for good time, seller, anybody named Tom? See, I mean, somebody that's real macho, they call themselves Tommy. They don't call themselves Tom, right? Isn't that the way it works? I have your real butcher called yourselves Tommy, and you know, that's something I think that's kind of like a, you know. But if you're, if you hit the cover up, you say, oh, I'm Tom. You wouldn't call me Tommy, you sell it. Would you? No. But the people are always spending all other time denying vehemently that they're not Fags, generally it turns out. But anyway, that piece was the biggest white wash in because all that said was, People's fact, sports is what it's in. And about the rumors about Steve Young and Troy, eight minutes stuff like that. We know that those are just rumors, don't wait. No. And not only that, but what difference does it make? So come out wherever you are, okay, it's not for the bullcraft. And much to my amazement reading that crappy book I was talking about, even Lily Tomlin, she will not, she won't say the words, she will not say that she is a lesbian, even though everybody knows that she is, and even though she wouldn't do not, but she just won't work, come right out and say, I'm a duck. Why not have a, why not come on TV at noon today and say, I'm a duck? And everybody go, oh, yeah. So what else is new? That's like Ellen, the big song that Anthony made about Ellen like that was a bulletin? Ellen's a dicho, yeah. Okay, what else is new? I mean, Jesus, maybe if you're blind, deaf and dumb, you didn't know that Ellen was a bull-like. We have an open line of day to a Broward five, so thanks for the tape, but no revelations as usual, because everybody's covering and they're American closets, baby. They're covering and they're, even Bill Cower is covering and is closets. Here's a mobile and cross-spring, silo. Bro, it's great. What is it? You got me? I got you. Okay, I'm just like you when you're twin, uh, right. Now we're responding at last, collar. We're going to sleep really alone with the flick willy. Yeah. Okay, and I'd like to give an example of, uh, first portion general, I'd say, hello to one of our old friends, Brian Cox. Yeah. And playing the Brian Cox. Okay. Thank you, sir. And have a great day. What is that, is that thing called the Brian Cox song? I didn't realize that. We're going to have a little bit of a wait a minute. I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. We got it done. I mean, how, how, well, I wasn't a song, but I just forgot that we even had that in there. That's almost as good as the other Buffalo Bill's or the first, as Booker Bell Monning. Okay, so where is that damn foul mouth dolphin's exactly? All the requests they hear at a Monday to take care of, they interested absolutely not. That's okay. We'll just keep following along. I'm not just following this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and managed to stray, because Brian Cox and the rest of them must say, I might be late, my fucking shit on you. Mother fucker. Words of love, they tossing the microphone. The duck button just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying, I'm not fucking shit on you, mother fucker. Oh, fuck, they play football badly. I'm gonna throw that on. How just the Patriots kick their ass. Go fuck, fuck. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with my dad, the two that's bad as there. Well, that tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh man, move up noxious, smiling, this tasteful, the dolphins are cursing and managed to stray, so can't destroy him, cut, semming the rest of them are thinking. Fuck my fucking shit on you. Yes, they're saying, I'm not fucking shit on you. Fuck the fucker. 24-till now, at 5.60, WDQ, there's your happy holiday. Wait for my good friend, Brian Cox, number 51 of the Jets. It was the first one by the way to go over and throw his arms around, Bill Parcell, they're after the Jets 50 year old, but Buffalo on the Saturday. And I said to myself, he's an asshole. Just like he always was. Two open lines in day two and a. For our 5.670, 5.60 and pound five. 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's time for fine, hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Great. First off, Sergio, to get the form that boards there that... It wasn't good, it was sensational, man. We had to turn out, when I got there tenets to loon, they were already lined up at a never stop for two hours. 4-4-4-4-300 bucks. Well, you know, how was the, I didn't hear anything about, how did the school board operate Saturday night? Was it any problems or no? We still couldn't see the red light. Come on, I'm going to go with score from our shit. And then we had like one, two to the horn and the third period. We'd be able to play kept going on. And the escalator worked. How are you? The escalator did they find they got fixed night's going there, guys. We know what done the game's talking game last night. Three times in the first half. The horn just inadvertently went off. Right. And then they couldn't get the penalty up. Right. They got a horn problem over there. Somebody got a work on their horn. They got a horn problem at the macarina. Well, they made some guy down to the score's box. And he's right now down there. Two page report. You're like, what's that going to do? It's like, oh, I gave this to someone. I mean, I hate to break the news to them. It's the first day of winter. And, you know, they've been open for four months, five months, whatever it's been now. And you think that they have their problem straight now? And it only got their horn straight now. Well, the building only cost $106 million. Right. I think that's a good buy. Yeah. Just like we're public stock. Right. But, uh, okay. Can I get a, uh, you're the only call around a board. Whatever you want if you want like 20 or 30. Yeah, what do I have? Can I keep talking for a while then? Can you one? Can you talk in there? Okay. Well, uh, we're going to. We're going to, uh, focus on the, okay. Let's go. Okay. Okay. 22, uh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So, I mean, if, uh, he was the only call on there. And plus he missed his request. He blew the opportunity. He just like Monica, he blew it. 22, 12, if five sixty wqm or number in case there's anybody alive out here that wants to hear something today. And if not, I got to tell you stuff. I want to hear, which usually is a lot better than the same old tarstuff that our callers want to hear. Five six, seven, five, sixty and pond five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. They're smoking it out in the Everglades. You're struck and casually down the street when a man comes up to you looking neat. Wouldn't he have failed face in the hippie on his chin? You say, how do you mean he says, hi, I got nothing that will make me blind. If you do, I'll surely wish you'd let me in on what you'd be, and brother, and your mind is starting to ponder. What you turn this cell on to, and then you get a look into his eyes. You find his beard is only make up, and his blind is purely fake up, and an old is, and you realize that he's your friend, the neighborhood not going to the neighborhood, not going to the neighborhood, not going to the old man. Could it be of your local FBI? Oh, your friend, the neighborhood not going to the old American thinking city. He's there to trick you off while you walk on. You're sitting in the coffee house, room and the waiter comes up to you with a broom. And he asks to sweep the floor around your chair. When he asks him why he says routine, we like to keep our coffee clean, and he perceives the tidy up with care. He would like yourself to cigarette, and find out soon as you got a lift, 40 new five friends are by your side. And someone else you are not responsible for filling your your place, and can't hold the blame you're going to provide. With your friend, the neighborhood not going to the neighborhood, and the neighborhood not going to the old local FBI. You're friend, the neighborhood not going to the old American thinking city. You're there to trick you off while you walk on. Now, you duck into an alley way thinking, hey, maybe I can copy Jane, get back before the boss finds out I'm going. Okay, remember in the golden rule you, the both ways make sure it's cool, and when they're in the soul for miles around, you clutch your baggy full of weed, and careful not to spill a seed. You roll the joy, just because ball the bar. And as you can, drag in a helicopter, drop the patty bag and then get through standing smiling by the door. You're a friend, the neighborhood not going to the neighborhood, the neighborhood not going back. You're a senior of your local CIA. You're a friend, the neighborhood calling, drop out and discover a copper cop out, keep them long order, right in jail. Yes, you find out that the freak you trusted is, the things that got you busted, and 20 years. There's a long time to stay on the ground. You do understand what they're smoking so much weed, don't you? It works the lotion in the basket. 145 at 5.60 WQA and happy holidays from all your friends. Jews, go in those who are on the side of everybody here at the QA. And kiss in power, 90s, six robsters. Thank God, they're upstairs. I don't like some of those people up there, and some we could live without. But they're upstairs, and it's a lot quieter, and you notice here on the second floor, we're kind of liking it. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, hey, hey, guys. Okay. All three of our little quests for that star Warsaw. Star Wars Cantina? Yeah. Is that the one you want? Yeah, that's the one. Yes, you can, sir. And can I call someone a beach bag? Yeah. Can I call a David White a beach bag? No. No. And have a great day. Have a day, David. David, who? David, do you want? David, David, do you want? David, do you want? David, do you want? I'm saying. Help me, I'm saying. You might only have some sheep. The name was Leon. She was a friend, then. With the Danish Onnie G. And our day is right here, so I do these things. Something can know me. Oh, we want. We have to put the Death Dog land into the rebellion hands, so you can vote. We want, petageth to all the run. So they stop into Montaisley, to have a drink with hunts at the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina. So with creatures you've ever seen a sea of stars. What a Star Wars Cantina. He was a Kim Hips, a Zanol, and a Masters at the Star Wars. Who had for love? He was a Soul of Manso. He was a pilot. With the Death Dog at his time. In a smile, well-pied, say, why they're with two-bockers. He was a Wookie. They never would look in over one about the millennium, for gun docking, they're 90-fold. Don't you, for Zan does, or? With the Placus and the Life, the Star Wars Cantina. The Wheel of Creatures You've Ever seen a sea of stars. He was a Star Wars Cantina. He was a Kim Hips, a Zanol, and a Masters at the Star Wars. He was never signed. The Ball, which is high, come and add to the name. The Course. His name was Yoda. He was a month-end. Dude! Just been who was so bad, and by the way, he's looked at the kids' sister. His hand got turned off. In that young, deep-up hallway, the kids had a lousy day, but the bed was so neat, the bed had bad hygiene. Oh! Oh! Why didn't they all to relax? Back on time to lean at the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina. The Wheel of Creatures You've Ever seen a sea of stars. The Course Cantina. Huge dick and glasses and old Jedi, Nets and Rets of Star Wars. The Ball, which does it look like a real baton? Oh, this is Debbie. Hello, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations time. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction? Mm-hmm. So I was wondering if it's from tummy tuck? And the lip augmentation, cosmetic breast surgery, face test, all of these things. Mm-hmm. And those were wondering... Oh, you're like a start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know if they would get the right way. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. So how much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I like to have my skin resurface too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stopped crying yet, Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then if I'm looking actually, we can tell you that one with you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Baparlobel. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I promise you. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me Baparlobel? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the bag. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the chamber. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. Okay. Uh. It's a 94-0-560-WQM. Hey, gober from Shilestake to a tour clock. And every guy in a four-clock. $400 a pregame before night's big good dolphin Bronco games. Anybody going to be listening to that pregame? No. For like 600 hours, we can get all the spots in anybody interested. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Uh, do you think the dolphins are winter nights? Do I think they all been tonight? Yeah. They will either win or lose tonight, sure. Yes. And how do you think the running game will fare? And what do you think the appointment is? Okay. We have an open line. That must be the answer to what called this morning on the worst team. Not as guys brighter than that guy. I'm because the guy in this morning was serious. How do you think they stack up? Uh, yeah. And what about those second dairy? What about those defensive backs? What about the allied receivers? What about the tight end? Oh, God. Somebody calling you on a initial asking about tight ends. You don't want to have sounds like? That's a deep club you moron. Here's a Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Have a question. Ask if you're at, um, Jack, make a sense. Get you play by freaking fries. Yeah, that we will not be playing today. All right. That's what I don't want you to play. I have to hold in front of us, yeah. Uh, five easy pieces. That would, that would be comes from a turn black. Five black pieces. Five easy pieces. Five black pieces. That's where it comes from. And you do understand why he says I don't you. It puts the nourishing in the basket. Two open lines a day to it, Howard. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. And by the way, they do put mayonnaise on their fries and I'm still I'm didn't Anybody know that. Oh, there you go. Just tell John Revolta that when he's in between those meetings at the church of Scientology. Be sure to tell John Revolta that before they start spreading rumors about him again. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Can you pay that a plane my seat cars from? Please, a place in tar? Yeah, and I'd like to call after a chance. Okay. See ya. What do you like? Ask me, I want to. This is the type of music which needs a little concentrated listening. And I would request you to have little patience. We are not trying to make any politics. We have artists. Now, as usual, I would request you my friend to refrain or stop from smoking while the program is on. Thank you very much. That's nice. I am a hot man, Melancholy. I like to play the guitar here, but I like your Ramadan note is very busy, but it's... I take the stage, I am a raise, oh, I like to sing. And when I'm done with that note, Baves, what are we doing the words? It's crazy, John. It's crazy, John. It's crazy, John. Oh, I like to play this, you know, sound in the volume at the highest. And like your actual notes when Muslims come to the other hand, I don't think people smoke or chase or bend over the bottom. I am more fat than when I pick up and play you my guitar. It's done. It's done. It's done. Oh my god. It's done. I'm just like an electric guitar. It's done. It's done. It's done. You're the best, not a good one. Oh, what a nice guitar. Melancholy, don't you know who? That's not just a hot guy. I always thought that we could look up. Oh, come here, baby. What's me? It's done. It's done for you, you're the one who's singing. It's done for you. What's me? Please, he's done. Look what the monsters are. I'm a hot but tour coming to your town. So it works the lotion in the basket. Okay, it's 15, five, five, 16, everything. You can't help it. Don't forget, by the way, not only will Sam and the Christian, the Dave and whoever else they'll be out there at Boca anytime soon, which will let you know exactly where if they ever get there. Also outside the arena tonight, the estate, whatever it is, PPP Park. By Gigi, they'll have some best of you. You'll see these out there at Gigi at the ball game tonight. For all you dolphin fans, just before you start tailgating and before you start getting really slashed, go by Gigi and give us some money. Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WCW. The Neil Roger show. Now, on 5.60 WCWF, Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's Monday. We'll got Friday's just a far away. Here I'm trapped in this office to stay. I feel like crap because it's Monday. No, it's no sister. No sister is a... No sister doesn't kiss too many guys. Concerned as a worker kind of though. Oh. Kind of kangaroo, she's proud she's a gale, let's be yours. Oh my God. Every time he sees a sister, well, it's not him who's the booze. Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she's like the levee and he's done much like her views. No sister is a... Oh my God. No sister is a... Nincrecester doesn't shave her legs of fights, when they go closer either get your soul. English is the sister's proud she's a gale, let's be yours. Well, she ain't like her big brother. Must be her old boy. Cuck in good little sister has never had a mislurancy, never met a trove or mouse. Good to see her sister, isn't it? Oh God. No sister is a... English is the dosen't just you, man, you guys. Concerned as a worker kind of though. And the English is she's proud she's a gale, let's be yours. But did I have my daughter ever? And dated one. Oh God. Oh my God. Oh my God. She murdered a devil. And actually, I don't like about her maybe. Yeah, I'm gonna let her in. Okay, three minutes after you know, happy Christmas, happy Hanukkah, happy New Year, happy and jappy, whatever else. Okay, that's the problem, baby. It was a jappy New Year, that was the problem in 98. Too many goddamn japs. And what house has in one? Let's just play a devil in the blue dress for the whole rest of the day. The day the day sounds the whole week. That's right. The end of the lot, how do you say it? It's in fear. It's in fear. Why do you think it's back? And don't forget, Mrs. Lluinsky too, the mama, your mama, that's right. There's what we got to, we have to string her ass up and just say, your mama while we stoner to death. Oh yes, give me that dress immediately. I'll say that for you. She was probably different to stay in on there no doubt. Just to make sure it was not a nice, she was different and the dress too. Which? Anyway, here's a bizarre facts from our good post for Angel and Fort Myers. Obviously, Hanukkah had it a lot of me, which is why he has that not in his head. That's why we call him Frankenstein. It says, some people get it. Last week, I had to send some technical information. My main office in Tampa. The information was self-explanatory, so I had nothing to add you to put on the Fax cover sheet. I wrote in the comment section, it puts the lotion in the basket. Sign Buffalo Bill. The guy who received the facts called me this morning with the following story. On Saturday, his new girlfriend and son were in their pool in St. Petersburg when she asked for some sun tan lotion. He and a son start chanting, it puts the lotion. It works in the ocean. In the back of the spirit. A while later, after the last year's insider, the girlfriend, Lee's over and says, it wants an astray. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. From Joel and Fort Myers. I mean, just mildly, okay. Well, George was laughing. George laughed. Okay, Joel. He thought it was pretty dumb. David Duke to run in LA, GOP, Cringes. Oh my God. That's right. David Duke to kind of very slow. Louisiana politician would tie to the KKK as an outstretched run for the seat that represented the Lovigston that's a land where will vacate creating further political problems for the Republican Party and the aftermath of the impeachment about this speechmen against Bubba. He's been embarrassment in the GOP since winning a state house seat in 1989. And Sunday, the party moved quickly. Once again to this Associated Self from Duke, Republican National Committee chair of In Jim Nichols in the Cran. There is no room in the party of Lincoln for a Cran'smen like David Duke is what he said. So how do you like that? They just keep getting one embarrassment after another. What a shame, huh? Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I just wanted to tell you. I'm not pretty popular with the sport talk shows up at Boston. Yeah, I'm right. How do you like that guy? I was unbelievable. Neil, I never call you. So I want to call you. I wish you a happy new year and all that. Have you holidays? I'll be happy new year. Exactly. And I want to thank you for enlightening about sports. I also want to thank Wayne for letting me know what BS sports can be. And I kind of win myself from having got to talk to him all year. The brilliant pickers. Here's a guy that's winning away from at night's going. Exactly. I've got to come to the hockey games. We don't care about this sport anymore. We just have an associative and theory. Everybody's having a good time. I confess I've been to three hockey games here. Yeah. And did a couple of hockey games when I was traveling South America. Like what the forego in Boca and Buenos Aires. I was looking for him now. And I want to clarify something about these. He's in Japan. Was it the orange ball? Did he say both the foreca? Yes. And this guy is head listening to the orange ball. What's the? The revival. The evangelicals. Oh, you're talking about the anti-fag thing? Exactly. Yeah. He's Argentinian. He's not Cuban. I know you always should be a drag on how much he'll hold his phone. Hey, listen. He had his 80 Cubans. There were his 16 Cubans with their little kid drag. She'll open out there. He had them. You got a call on that. As soon as those old Julios, as soon as they are about to call, they start to come on him. They're still on the track. They're still on the track. They're still on the track. First of all, the request is, can I have the Phil Henry Cap Dance that thing? Whatever that's called? The Phil Henry Tap Dance? Yeah. The Phil Henry Tap Dance. The Phil Henry Tap Dance. The Phil's twisted. Right. Yeah, ok. And then... Or a man instead of that, how about... They're lacening. No, we don't want him. And then, last week, Lucian speaks... After Aguero, he ignats his suspicions. And then, lastly, Lucian speaks... And that's an accool, alright. And have a great deal, whatever. Cheers. I'm a man that you told me. Yeah. But I was right out of my head. And then he said, Phil Henry was using a boy. He instead, such like, I didn't listen to his die. I knew all along. He was all wrong. And I knew that he thought... Are you sure? That I was crazy, but I'm not... No. Yeah, but wait a second. The man that you told me. Yeah. Then I was a little confused. And I said, hey Bobby. Yep. I didn't call to get a abuse this week. I heard a show just the other day. I think you oughta know what he did on it. Show, I was very appalled. That's the reason why I called. Yeah, but let me say something for a second. Let me say something. This woman named Margot told you, show kind of luck. And I told him, let's listen to the stock up post. Not I know you think Phil is a genius. And that is okay to feel that way, but he would I say. I didn't think it was a bit funny, especially when he talked about the aborted They defeated this with the cactus on top. Yeah, but... Did you... are you... are you sure? The manager told me. Yeah. That I could use him count time, but I should have made me. Yep. You'd let me speak my mind. You'll find I didn't think it was very kind. When they saw it was played by the crippled and blind. And to make matters worse. Yeah. Hashtag also done yours. Oh no. All right. All right. The manager told me. Yeah. Then I was right out of my head. And then he said, lady, go to an easily misled. Because you should know Phil Henry shows you need to add new. So why don't you relax and have a value more to because you don't know if you've got to talk to Bobby Green or not. And you know three voices are better than one. Okay. I'm going to check to know if I'm 50 WDQ. Anyway, they're out there with a QM fan, which I apologize I forgot all about. Well, we got so many important things going on here. They don't waste? No. They're on their southeast corner of Glade and Butte Road. They're a certain place in Boko. They're going to get the right to the Amical Station and the southeast corner of Glade and Butte Road. I can't say that. Road in the Amical Station. They got the best in the island. They've been punished. Whatever they got. Okay. They took a bunch of stuff out of the road for the heat. Me like poison. And so we got to all the stuff you want. So let's go by there and cut loose with some more cash for a cent. And when we can go over 110 grand this week sounds good to me. It was the large and in the basket. There were roots! There were the red-stone...?! There was a blue... ... there was a blue... There was a blue... There was a blue, there was a blue... There was a blue... there was a blue, there was a green There was a blue... Somewhere this remains. there is a red-stone... That's right! God is an burden. You weren't feeling fine right? Then your face turned all white. Then you turned to the window. Good bye to you. You were the man forever. Why did you do it? The chance there was heaven. Every night I met home. And I'm watching TV. I have to sit. All this dumb movie standless in two days. Well, the day I heard. Whenever death, death, death, death. I've been just grew in it. It's now whenever death. What? But as I watch this place. And I look at all those chicks. I wish I knew. If they moved, who could do well the... Or would you want to do well the... Got the floor. And then you can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do well. You can do. You can do well. You can do- You can do not- You can do all the things. You can do lots of things.ство tricks. You can still do your good at that. You have 3 systems. 2 systems. 3 steethats. You can do well. 2 systems. 3 is---- way it smells, snorkeye, ball, spirals rolling up a Plani snorkeye ball and he's giving good and Plani. They licked the Plani dollar bill. Their teeth are grindin' like a Peppa Mill, going eight balls. How cool home and pills, he's He's in the star. Steve, how is in the bullpen? His nostrils are wide open. He's no f*** up beatings. He's on the brakes. He gets advice from Doc. And Doc prescribed some rock. So first people were lining down He blew the state for a nave. Both they abused the magic powder, not an a-ball. When collet on that clam chowder, prescriptions got the pet you will refill. They do it in the bull if they are gills. Do an a-ball. Oh, how come all it feels? All that money. A-ball. How come all it feels? I like a welcome you all aboard. Is your manager? Oh, hi, boss. 20 after 12 at 5.50. WQA and Hank Goldberg Show from Shula, steak too abbreviated today from two to four. Because Hank even Hank, the hammer's got to go the way for that big pre-game show, right? Is that right? Four dollar eight o'clock. We got four hours of pre-game foreplay. So how are we doing up there in Boko? Nothing, you know. See, that's going to be bad. If we lay up there in Boko, then they're going to say, well, you know, we really did great. You know, we don't want that thing, uh, then to cut it right off on us, because then they'll say, okay, but it's all over when these people are real extra busy now, and I could've come up with any more money for us. I don't think that's the case. You think that's the case? No, I don't. Shop these corner of Glade, then butch road, and Boko return on the amicose station. Just look for the QAM fan, and there's Chris, and maybe there's Sam and Eric's way. How much? 20. 20. So, otherwise, we got one. I think they're on their hand-genies waiting, like, right on the corner there. Okay? Too many ifs and... What the fuck? This is the problem. There'll be, there, the corner where Glade and Bots road, they'll be coming from Boughton Beach, and Boko and Delray, and all of the goddamn place. Well, they, yes they will, you watch, to get their best in the OCDs, and we still have the free dolphin t-shirts for everybody who comes by. I don't know. Oh, we don't. Well, why did you, why did you, why did you, you should align a little bit? I mean, they don't. It wants an AXP, by the way. That was mildly amusing, and in fact, you know something would have been okay, if I wouldn't have known that it came from Joel, from Frankenstein, because he's a good guy, he's just not too funny, unless he's looking at him. Open line of day two and a row, five, six, seven, five, six, we got our first 20 bucks in Boko. Anybody, do we hear 40? Come on, let's get with it there. Well, yes, Christ Almighty, they'd have, they slept all the way up there, and by the way, I was the one that suggested it, so we damn well better do well up there. They're going to be really pissed off. And they're going to start making up stories about me, like they make up about some of the other people on the, oh, they're not made up. Okay, let's go to a mirror, Mar, hello. Yes, sir. I don't know if you've been seeing the one the TV lately, you're two favorite actors. Yeah. Top and have some is on 60 minutes last night. I saw that one. That's 60 minutes is pretty weak. I went over to date line last night. 60 minutes was really bad. Well, you're on the favorite actors. The bank, the bank, the bank. Do you guys saw the loader there at the beginning, I went use some of the things. Who's the other one? John's revolts has been spouting his Chris is our wet. Who's the guy? He's starting college. You get it right. Yeah, and he's been on what? What's the ABC show 2020 last night? Any investigative report? Like they're all being ticked on trying to defend themselves. Mm-hm. And also, too, whatever happened to the funny first 99. One gone. Oh, man. Yeah, another, another bitch. Two bats. No 99. May I request something? In fact, I think it was 99. Yes. Um, your time, man, singing smoke in my Christmas tree? Smoke in my Christmas tree? The Christmas song. Oh, the Christmas song. Well, we got to get the right names, man. I'm holding the, okay, have a great one, pal. The Christmas song. The hell is that? Mm-hm. What's the natural Christmas song through the house? Got a creature with firm. Not even about. I couldn't sleep so I lay there in bed. But not a millimeter close to my head. I heard noise and I jumped up the seat. What in hell are I kicked could be? I looked around the corners quite hard to believe. I saw a stand of a evening, not seen in. I'd do better, finally I just make a sound. The full toy's from the bag. I got his bets in the hall around. You go my fucking ears with cartridges. And then he hangs back down. What I saw next to his most sure to us down. We walked through the tree and he tore off a branch. You wish him his fucking and he'd hold out a match. Break socks for me, those stuck in his pipe. Then he stuck to match and he played it all night. You want to next, everybody. His eyes through the stars and cheeks started in the floor. You walked through the tree and he built another bowl. Harder the hole, but it came out. He was in the night, but then it was hard for us. Much more than my Christmas Day. But then you'd match, let's just stand close. Did not know you got high. Then how you think I'm stand full and wide and ready to fly. Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I was high. And that was the night that's standing close. Talk one buzz by smoking my goodness. Prop 26 and 560WQAM. And by the way, nine days from the day next Thursday. And 30 or 30 is our one year anniversary on QA. It looks like all gifts by the way. Anything worth more than like 30 or 40 bucks will accept it with this mile on our push. I'm here in the morning. No starting time. A lot more than good. Day's the day that we're... The road is strong. I say we sound good. A couple megatone. Bob and I. In the cold walls, living off the hood. I think it's time to give this butterwood. So it's time to blow it those B ones up. Bob and I. Yeah. Bob and I. Till there's nothing left to see. Bob and I. Till Saturday's 60. Bob and I. Blow up the creed. Bob here up. And this day is got to go. And never close the trail. And then the other. And the bombs go. If we land somewhere, we're gonna get wet. Because, I'm in the house for two days. Bob here up. Yes! I'm pretty sure we're dead. Bob here up. Who blow them up again. Bob here up. Bob on steam in. Bob here up. Yes! Who? Bob here up. Bob here up. Bob here up. Bob here up. Bob here up. Bob ready to get 50 WQA. I'm on a great Monday. Was this a great day or what? No. Yes it is. Come on. Just because you want to guide them. I'm religious. Yes. Can you believe that? This man has no shame whatsoever. Little Jewelboy with his spedders. He goes on there with Robert Schumer. He has him on his show. And Jerry Falwell. And here we have the right way to take a whos always his best friend. He's a close-presenter friend. Did anybody out there see that piece of crap? He's a walking turd on a crystal cathedral. You're flipping the channels and it's a question of which one is the most Ongestious of them all. And it would be on the shadow of a dad. So anyway, we got 140 bucks up there in Boko already. I told you, I always start to be the same way. They're always a grand over there. It takes a little while to build up momentum for our listeners to assume in the zero in on that location. On the southeast corner of Glades and Bunch Road in Boko at the Anoco station, we'll see that big, neat QAM van that we've probably traded out with somebody, no doubt. Because that's our philosophy here. When it comes to spending cash, it was always the answer. And Sam's got a long way to go to get his $300,000 goal. So even though we're doing very nicely with 170,000 and some odd going to do today, we still don't have the report from last week's board. So, got only those. How much we got? All I can say is it'd be real good. And let's keep going for these next 10 days. Here's a lady in Avintura. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I want to see how they holiday. And the same view. I want to wish Uncle Mikey, since he's not on there. Uh-huh. Ugabuga. Right. And I realize you don't want to explain it. But what is the motion and the motion and the motion mean? It wants an extra. It's from you have to do you ever see silence at the lands? Yeah, so I can't figure out what it's. I realize on it. In all the movie and you don't understand what it means. No. When he says it puts the lotion in the basket. You've got to watch it again and be watching when she's down there in the pit. You have to watch it again. I'll watch it again. Trust me. Okay. You'll let your pants win. It gets to that point. Okay. Bye. That's right. Everybody go out there and get silence to the lands again. I thought I had to copy that and homini-scoured yesterday. Do I have a copy of it? Oh, because even I wanted to watch it again. Don't have it. I can't find it anywhere in town. Really? I talked around. Well, there you go. You won't find it because the show against like fish food when we first started pumping it. Anybody out there pumping it up, but they are. And then sing with everything else. 180 and 10 says they pay for the land. They pay for the beer in the van? Well, Sam would know about pan-fort or no, he's not the one. We have an open line of day in 2 and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. What's wrong with paying for it? Unless you don't have to, which is always a lot better. That's what I say. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello, no. Yes? Two very quick ones are what we've been missing since 1991 does boots and also stuck in the temple with you, it's the best. And you never played anymore. Who is this, by the way? Mark. Mark. Mark? Yes? In the dark? I wish. Yeah. Is he still alive? I don't know. We'll check it out. Okay, Mark, have a season. Wait a minute. Stop. Stop. God, I had it all set up there. I don't know why I came here tonight. I've got the feeling that something is right. Put on a Yamata, so take it off. If you see your rabbi say, Mavotah. Mark, because of that, the means pops into the right. Here I am, stuck in a temple with you. Then I'm stuck in a temple with you. And I'm wandering what it is I should do. I don't want to break it, so where it is, why? And I know that I don't like my football. I'm stuck in a temple with you. Well, you're in your daddy's business, but you claim that you're on with something then. Then you're off a stock and so on. Ask your father, Bago Land. You're on a stock and so on. You're on a stock and so on. Okay, 22 till 11, it's 5, 60 W to QM, so 180 bucks in counting up there in Boga. Lower each age, I get it, level up there today. We're going to do it up there in Boga or what? Well, else we'll never speak to them again. So we got, are you adding or are you figuring or are you tabulating in there for like an almost up to the mental for our center one? Which we'll still, we still don't have some of the totals from last week from the border stir. So, God only knows what we got, but it's a pretty good damn, damn good, it's a pretty good number. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Okay. Yeah, you all like my foreshadden, all alone alone alone alone alone alone. And some delic from King action, all alone alone alone alone alone alone. Don't we now are never Japanese to learn. Get that crowbarer and watch it, all alone alone alone alone. Which we stood up to the nipple. Measure buns like Mr. Whipple And then and then and then and then You'll all be a bit reaction But then and then and then and then If you grab your balls like Mike Jones Jackson And then and then and then and then and then and then Measure buns We don't know if you love 어�in a bottle And then we'll do ourу We're ready Fifty to one Fifty to one Fifty to one Fifty to five fifty Thank you lady Three十 twenty came with 60 up there in bocat and we're right starting to pop up maybe in the amount to it's popping Hundred nine thousand one eighty four. Total is everyone That's what I got. 109. trabajo stores that have reported it in yet from the online precincts. So we definitely got over 110 grand-ride now. It will tend days to go. Nice going. I wouldn't be surprised if we wind up with 120 grander there about 125 sounds like a nice number to me. I wouldn't be surprised if it's on a front page of the goddamn news page. Oh yeah, hand listen. And I breathed. And now right on the hero right under the master. This scum sentence with that editor of what's his name Edward Mumser. Yeah. In fact, it probably have the morning line on whether any of Rogers makes you to 120 grand or not. Let me tell you, that's a little message for all you people out there of all ages. Don't ever do something good expecting in this town to get any positive publicity or any recognition about it because it'll never happen. Unless your name is Wayne High Pinger, or somebody who's already got a lot more publicity than he can handle. And a lot more statues in monuments built to him. Just do it because you care about it and that's good enough. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got 600 open lines at the moment on all request week. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Oh, good. Oh, good. Good. And back to you. Hey, I was thinking, what do you think the funniest two bits are that you do? I did a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Yeah, that's number one. Okay. And then how anybody can argue with me on this one? The bridge tender is definitely what are you all trying? You think so? Yeah, if you haven't ordered the first two million times, say, five to the ability. No. Okay. But have a great holiday. Okay. That leaves one call on the board and board. We got rid of him just in time. I mean, I have a whole uh happy. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's our last call. You say mobile in Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Got the holidays. Back to you. I have a copy of the movie, starting to the lands. I'd be more than happy to send you a copy. You mean, like, yeah, that would be great. And you forget that there's one pit that's missing from there. When he's going on here down the well, it runs the lotion on his skin or it gets the hose again. It gets the hose down. It works the nourishing in the baths. Uh huh. And then close the water in this town from coast to coast is going it works the lotion in the basket. If they haven't got the foggy side deal, what I mean, there's still sand it. Or don't you hurt my dog? Right. Freshest. It wants an x-ray. I was wondering, author, if you had the bit from, this was like three years ago, the one. The nine games between Manditch and Zimper when they lost it. No, he completely lost, you don't have that. I know what you're talking about. No, God. All right. If you can't have a mandate to come on lay over on my couch. That's it. Yeah. Short and sweet. Short and sweet. My dad lay down on my couch. Okay, pal. All right, life. That was short and sweet. That's where we like it. Short and sweet. That's what I got. Open line a day two and a row or five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Great. Listen, the flatulent contest. I haven't heard that in inches. How about it? Okay, here you go. You're welcome. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile, even for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Can you make a request for the cannabis? What if God's going to cannabis? Okay. And, and have a happy. You too. Okay. You don't understand. I have a few seconds. I see seconds of dollar in five six. Neil. Good. He's got a bomb. And so good. He's in woody. I collect you, June. Send you some munchies and make runny still with her. And woody Sherry with Jesus and the St. James. The five five heads and yes. Yes. Party is great. Yeah. Yeah. Party is good. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Speak. I love this girl. Nice! Grande했어요 Woe! WQM we got Hank from our Shulou State 2. That's coming up at 2 o'clock in abbreviated version of the Henry Goldberg show today because it's 4 o'clock. We got 600 hours of pregame festivities. We got a little dolphin 4 play for it. Don't forget Gigi outside PP Park tonight. Our Sam will be there with some of our best of CDs and stuff. Gigi, that's after you get like 20 or 30 beers in you and sufficiently tank. Here's a lady in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Yeah, this is Wesley. You play a bit from our dad. Wesley, Wesley, no we can't. Wesley, okay, bad pony accent too, Wesley. How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and but no, that was a teacher work. Quarana is what that was. 5, 6, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60. On the mobile 1, 5. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I know. Yes. Let me ask you something. Is the QMV coming to downtown Miami? Oh God, no, I don't think so. I hope not. Not for their sake. All right, Neil. Thanks. Hi. No, the QMV and we go to downtown Miami. No, absolutely not. Certainly not in the daytime and got forbidden. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and a mobile 1, 9, Neil's all request week because the rain won't call on the board. That's happened twice today. Well, I tell you, I knew we were going to be up against this week and next week. But boy, this is below and underneath the Call of Duty. I'll tell you that. If you ask me. We are quickly. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. How's it going? OK, sir. I know you're in shock to get on that fast for your dinner. You're at the middle of our call right now. I was completely in shock. I used to be Jimmy from North Bay Village when you were around the corner. Yeah. Anyway, I know you're coming from Del Rey. Well, I'm just working up here. But anyway, I have two buddies in the car. I wanted to hear the squeeze the bag. One is any chance for that. Squeeze the bag? I can't remember the guy's name. Oh, you're trying to wipe your eyes. I'm trying to wipe my eyes. I'm trying to wipe my eyes. It's exactly. So he's got two buddies in the car with squeeze their bag. And he might hear playing bag parts. OK, how do you rate the holiday bell? Thanks, Nick. I'm going to squeeze the before. I'm going to squeeze the table. I think you can have a very extra special friend. Start the bag. Show me. Oh, about. I'm going to squeeze the bag. I'm going to do it right now. Come on. Come on. I'm going to take me. Oh, I already have it. Hey, block by something. I want to just show you. Oh, I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like I've got to push the cup. It's me bag, boy. Oh, your bag. Hey. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Oh, oh, oh. Run your hands. I'm going to do that. So. Hey, like, velvet. Hey. What's this right here? That is not ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? You've blown it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it on your blow. Oh, can I try to do it? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. Get your guts to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think you're doing that life. What's the first over here? Let's meet Shanta. What do we do with that? What do we do with that, lad? We do that, lad. You put your both hands on it. You cover the hole, and your runny hands up and down the shot. Real quick. Hey. Hey, I got it. Runny hands up and down it, lad. No, what you want to do, lad? Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to runny hands up and down the shot. Real quick. Okay. We'll together all at the same time. Okay, you'll be quick. Good, lad. Good, lad. You're just good, lad. You're just good, lad. You're just good, lad. You're just good, lad. Keep low on. No harder, lad. I don't. Squeeze the bag. Please, lad. Let me runny hands up and down the shot. Sit. Faster. Runny hands up and down the shot. He's low. Slow. Slow. Hold on. Put the place on my head. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I have to look at you. 7-1-5-60WQM are total up there in Bokus 240 bucks. We're doing it, baby. I'm doing it up there with the ammo co-station on the southeast corner of Glade. Then butts road in Bokus. We'll see the QA in advance. Just watch for a couple of guys taking out full numbers in their little black books. And that'll be a salmon, Chris, and a goth, and a mishko hop there. 240 bucks. We'll go well over 500 of their hood of God and who knows what. 109,000 total in 64 bucks. Uh, these are on official total lad, instead of the moment. Man, you know something, you know why I feel so great today because I had last night. A delicious hunk of meat. I'm serious. There's nothing I always the next day feel so much better after I have a delicious hunk of meat at Ruth's Chris. Hmm, sizzling, big nearby. Vworld and butter with the butter splattering. You know where they have to put your bib. See if Monica would have just got a Ruth's Chris if they would have done it in the corner over there and she would have had to bib up over her dress. There would have been no mess on the dress. Because the butter is still everything in the plate and the plate is so guy damn hot. I forgot momentarily. I reached over to put a plate a little closer to me last night and I went, oh wow. But just delicious succulent. And actually paid for it and it's take two. Man was that good. Do I love Ruth Chris or what? Uh-huh. I'm thinking to go in there just every day. Every day and having a meal until I go broke in about a week. Here's the mobile in candle. Hello. You work out broke if you want to every day. That's what I'm saying. It's not for Rush Lepers but boy it's worth it. But you're no Schlepper. Anyway, Neil. How can I go out on me before the beaten in Ruth Chris all these time? Yes. I don't know if anyone's studying with Friday morning. I think you're a chance to call you. I do have to admit I listened to Z80 in the morning. Yeah. And one of your crony's called up and gave Mr. Noball the pretty hard time. Good. I stopped being all your material. Yeah. That's right. Let him have it. He's denied it and so did his Kisak partner next to him. Yeah. So, uh, just, well, who I'm, what? Uh, no, the other pots. Uh, John Juan Brewer. Because I'm like don't even look at good anymore. So screw him. Yeah. They're pretty funny. They're entertaining in the morning. I have to admit. I wouldn't know if I was. I'm pretty excited about the Rick and Sud coming on in the morning and January then I'll have something to listen to. I'm going to wait a work in the morning. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to hear, uh, Ross to choose a bottle? Yes it is. Don't be defensive when you say that say I want to hear it. God damn it. Oh, I'm, you know, nice, uh, you know, 30-year-old Circus-sized juice. So don't be so nice and have a great holiday. And happy to nuka. Okay. We got the, uh, Ross did you come in by the way. I love those people that come over and look at the CDs and those appearance and they're looking and looking and they see all of these great hysterical bits and ways they're rusted you. It's not an, uh, it makes drop it like on a floor like somebody like like it was as hot as that later roots Chris. Like it was a hot potato. A hot locker. It's not on you. Okay. And someday maybe it will be in the me. That's what we ought to do like next year. Now that I'm, uh, and through the up to say I'm going to do it again. And at least one more year is we ought to have, uh, instead of doing it, you know, we'll have the one with all those stuff for the next year. And then we'll have volume two, which will be like meals nuggets, but like more stuff that we left off. You know, I'm talking about like all these artists that do best of parts one, two, three, four, you know, something they never heard of, but they're best of four minutes before one at five, 60 WQA. It's, uh, bond to two hours. Hi, Ben. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. tasta! you! Superman. Thank you. I say Ianai. Hey, you, dead. Hey, you. You're just lying. All I Knowle has gone I like Jimmy Smith. And I like the smoke as much as Cliff. I like my soul's right. I am a geetist type of guy. Razz, darling. Razz, I do. Razz, I'm flat. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. And I am Razz, I do. And I like the coach at the show. And I like the motorbike. She can do with honey the luck. That's what I like. And I'm your representation. Razz, please, write some comments. Blankin' and get better questions. That's much more might be. Razz, I need to trust the yo. Razz, I'm flat. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. I want to be there, you're razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. I'm not playing around with you. Razz, I do. Oh, we're fine. Razz, I need to trust the yo. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. Razz, I do. He voir those eyes, and he was looking at those eyes from the heart. Close to me. Cox, far away. Repla�ates, Larry, or the cat quiénes, God时间 fell. One of the people. Razz, because he asking, I want my ass to attack you. He willing the grus, that I want my ass to attack you. And they already ornamented me from the heart and... Out of them. Fultured, Guy again. The long curve. He's a big proponent of and is on himself the Atkins die at the fight Dr. Dr. Mark. How do you like that? But this guy's a cardiologist. And he's got all these patients who run the Atkins and tell me about how they're triglyceride levels come down from astronomical levels to double digits. Like when mine came down from 300 to 66 and they're cholesterol for most people comes way down. It has great throughout doing on it. Now he's doing great. And I was very impressed. I mean when a cardiologist when a heart doctor is going to not and he agree with me that all this low fat stuff is the biggest scam. It doesn't work people are getting fatter and fatter and fatter. But anyway getting back to the signing of his book's a million with Dr. Atkins. There were all those people lined up. He didn't get up in debt. Of course he's 100 years old. He's a great guy but he wasn't going to get up. He could barely get up anyway. But I mean he wasn't going to get up and he smoothed with those people that came along. And they met him a quick question about the diet. Next, you know. And that was it. And that's it. And all the years that I've been on here that what you just told me that is the ultimate in goal because I spent more time with those two broads with those baggy saggy two old broads than all the other people combined because they wouldn't go to hell away. I signed for her whatever the hell she wanted me to sign on the card. I had a little conversation once twice another time she comes back. Oh can we take a picture she's grabbing and squeezing with hands off. So in case we'd heart. Believe me if there's anybody I want touching me it ain't you. God. Just that that's if you look up. What's but if you look up. Go on your goddamn dictionary you'll find the picture of those two you go the sisters right there okay. Steering you in the post. All I can say about her is that's. That's. And the other one too one more time. That's. Yeah. That's true. God. If you're expecting a big song of the dance stay the hell home okay when we do these things. Thank God that was the last one for this year. When I do these things in the future if you're expecting me to get up and do a tap dance and start telling jokes and do a goddamn comedy routine and picking my nose and whatever. It ain't gonna happen. How about the lampada? Yeah yeah yeah yeah we'll give you a lampada me through the forbidden dance. Yeah I'll give you a forbidden dance. From my pants okay. It's another one for your sweet. I just like Bernie gets it. Isn't it? Yep. Sure I farted right in her staggy old face okay. Head no sir. That's what I should have done. Here's something special only for you sweet art. Nobody else gets this. There you go. She'd have probably stood there and sniffed it for half an hour. That's right. She'd have probably gotten off on it. Hey here's an hour. Whoa. Probably the most exciting thing that happened in her life in years that old bitch. I'm gonna. I'm personally gonna call my good friend Dick Burton and fight out who these two broads are. And he won't he won't pee on the best part of either one of my guarantee of that. Because I know Dick. Here's a Cooper City hello. Neil. Can you believe that sir? Neil. Yes. How you doing? Great. To honor the change of Rick and Fed. Rick and Fed yeah. Great show said to honor their movement that you were talking about. Could you play Rick Riley stole my briefcase? You bet. Okay thanks. And have a great life. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like to march in his face. That's Army Jake. What gives him the right? I think his wife bought a bite at up to night. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What the disgrace to the human race? Oh, and you're a smuck. And go for sucks. That we're not going to be a smuck. And go for sucks. That we love meat should also include Rick Riley's buck. Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like a part in his face. Rick Riley you're an asshole. And you know now that I think of it. This this bitch is the one who was the leader of the pack. She came of when when she was standing in front of me there for the 800th time. I'm signing her picture card the ghost of the old picture card. And she she come and leans in front of my posts and says with her trash mouth breath. She says, Oh, he's so quiet. And at that point I should have gotten the message that she expected me to be standing up there. Hop it around jumping up and down like ripples. Still skin. This is just a radio show. Do you get it sweetheart? You get it. I didn't think so. Man, oh, unless you was expecting us to be putting the song in the dance routine on like stuff. It's just a step in fish it works the lotion in the basket. Yeah, she didn't even get that either. She'll give me some of that jerk in flourishing and she got to stuff that up a rectum. Exactly. Man, it's just some of you people out there like a guy that's, oh, I brought my wife by this way. That's what a pp park at a dolphin game before the game. Years ago. And I was just sitting there as a paid spectator. I began to watch a football game. I was doing it in appearance. See, that's another thing a lot of these people. I think if I'm sitting there if I'm in public. Oh, he's doing it appearance. When he got to do a dance for a snail. When he's going to get up and start screaming and carrying on. Guess what? I'm not. Okay. Is it going to happen? No. Jesus Christ Almighty. Two of the stariest looking pieces of direct I have ever seen in my life. I would wish them on God in Hitler and God himself, who's saying. Come back in and it's fun to the fact that they came back 14 times. I didn't say, geez, are you back again? You're back again for another rock pain in the edge to bug the crap on me. I just tolerated. Okay. I would have smiled on my face like I'm happy to see them again for the 2900 times. Was I happy to see them? No. It's happy to see them as I was to see Andy from Hollywood at the hockey game. Man. Come on. I'm going to show for us. Come on. You're not going to do a little soft chew. You're going to be a soft chew right in your spectrum. Okay. You bitch. Here's a derail. Okay. Calm down. This is already a show. Can you believe that? Yeah. We crack it up here all the time. They wanted some kind of a, uh, five show. I don't know what the hell they wanted. Oh, my God. I'm going to grab that again. But you're a little bit, dude. You got to spice it up a little bit. No. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I know. I'm okay. I'll, I'll say that's about it. But I bet you're getting a lot of pleasure just listen to you. Look. I don't think they got their finger on each other's. And probably they do right now. Or maybe in their own spectrum, right? That was real funny. Hey, listen, let me ask you a question. Yes. Am I correct in hearing that Rick and Spudger come into five, 60 in the morning? Yes. January for January 2nd. Yeah. But you know what this means? All we need to fill Henry and we're back to, um, to you toopia. Okay. There you go. You got it. Oh, man. Those were the days. They sure were. No, uh, two things. First of all, I have given up sports. I don't, um, do all on it like I used to. I think most of the adults that do do all on it basically don't have a lot of work. Yeah, just listen to the stations. I'll hear them calling 20 hours a day. Exactly. You think about those wide receivers? Yeah. No, I don't get paid to, you know, for all the aggravations that the teams put me through. So I just basically gave it up. But also I, I haven't been going to, you know, games. They just cost too much. It's not worth it. Yeah. The product does not all that good. So just like to say, uh, you're doing a great job. You have me cracking up and just two requests. Yes. You have to request number one. The Elvis Christmas wish. And number two for good old Mac McGuire. I saw it on the radio. Okay. Thanks a lot Neil. I have a great lot. I'm glad to see you. On 261, 740. Woo. Some guy came in about 200 bucks with a crack. Wow. So that's 284, 149,644% of one. We're doing it up there in Boca. 27 after one at 560 WQM50. So he's a lot of cuts by. Oh, oh, geez. Like a river. His hair is the team. I know I haven't been around for a while. But I want y'all to know what I'm hearing rocker will have. I'll be thinking of you. This Christmas. And I could get y'all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a jeep piece. Like, uh, how about a little Christmas I go by. Thank you. I'll go by. I'll walk all the same. Christmas is a time of hoot. Time of joy. What time for a little of them. And I should hear what a little of it. Take a slice by a seat you got there. I guess. What's your most? What's your most? Hurry up, Christmas. The Christmas of the meetings. The family. The family means plans. The family means getting together. And getting together means. Eat. All past few of that times take words of ways. All like you. Like a remorse. I'm not just going to say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too bad. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. Helping. No, I can. Well, it was you. Hand me a help in those matters. The day there's over there. It's like a pleasure. I got that one. No, I have a son. Ain't nobody so big. You can't. Stoop to help a friend and do you know where the holiday is. See you. I speak in a season. Won't pass me that self-serder. And you get a chance. Like you. I just just don't screw the cover. That's like a mess. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a tear from old. A. Not all. Leave those fake. That's not where they are. You know what I mean? I appreciate it. I want you to remember. For all part of God's very big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look in the mirror. I have to say God must be a big big. A big, big cinema again. You know what I mean? I think you do. But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing. You know, all the home was Christmas. Spring in that popcorn up on the free. Save up a big big bowl for the team. Extra butter. What do you do? I'll remember that. 133 at 5. 163 W. I'm just simmering. I'm just steaming thinking about those two. I'm not just discussing. Pending the ice. I hope they both wake up like tomorrow morning. It's an act of. And find like a like a plague of locust in there. Like a bunch of bed bugs deep inside there. There you go. Just incredible. Just unconscionable. That she would go out of her way to call you to give you a song of dance. Like we were supposed to put a big, oh yes, there's no one. She called to get the address so that she could send you the dick curtain CD. Yeah. Going to. Well, guess what? Keep the dick curtain CD. Okay. I'll get it from my good friend dick. We don't need any. I'll stick it in your recto. There you go. Yeah. The other part was by the way. Right. By the way, you guys are really lame and person. Maybe that's why we're on the radio. Maybe maybe you should like to go to a micronere remote, which Mike when he used to do those appearances would hide in the back of the place and keep looking at his watch to see how much longer till he got out of theerson to heeded meeting people like poison, which he's a radio guy. Okay. At least I sit right there by the guy damn table putting a smile on my post. And most of the people are pretty damn nice. And I mean, what's wrong with that? But Jesus chose a fake goddamn Esther for crying out loud. We're pretty lame. Well guess what? Don't come back again. In fact, why don't you ladies to look for the Andy from Hollywood? Okay. That sounds like a winner to me. That's probably the best you'll ever get. Which I ain't saying much. Wait till I try to grow for the his wife's up to what an asshole is. She'll dump him in a heartbeat. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Oh, what's up? Okay. Hey, amigo. Listen. I think anything else alive can imagine either. Listen. I believe it's one of the warm kinematics. I just want to say how they see you and all my 2014 met out there. And I got a couple of requests for me. Yeah. Big black guy name Ben. Or I said Carl on systems either one. Okay. Yes. I want to call somebody a douchebag. I got to do this. Mike, auto metexiles. You still a douchebag man. We love you. Carl theft is on the rise. America, a car stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarms system won't protect your car from being stolen. The plot will protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy name Ben Chan. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system. And even less than you'd pay for the club. You can get a big black guy name Ben to protect your automobile. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy name Ben and your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets with him six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy name Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with. Although he really doesn't say much just. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy name Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. This is the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. There have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy name Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as I call now. 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. You'll hear this. You'd a way from the car, mother fucker. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy name Ben Karolar. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. All the ways from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. Remember when we used the most of the second carabines? We ought to get a bundle of the nation's name. The white one's a cooler. Get a way from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. What the hell is that? I have sex seriously. So, better than you like that. I think somebody's got that. Get a way from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. Get a way from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. We never some fact tried to steal my car. I feel safe and with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get a way from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Karolar now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get a way from my accord of the hell. You think and the F. And hold Jewish guy named Isaac Karolar. I will be available. It all is there is toys. I hope that each one of those rods wakes up in the morning and finds 60 pounds of Dingo berries hanging from each spectrum. How do you like that? Oh, they already were. I didn't realize because I wasn't paying. I didn't look close enough. Okay, thank God and who they'll would in the right mind. 22 till 2 at 5. 60 WQM. It's what's the large and in the basket. I find a plenty of a ten-up of just things a world of pictures. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I'm a little bit older. I think it's what she said. That was very good. We have an open line of day. I think that was the Mickey Works girlfriend. Put on a black face. We're going to her's a lady of plantation. Hello. Yes, man. Chelsea Clinton comes home from Stanford for dollar days. She talked down, tried and broken, hard. We have an open line in the day that she's doing the choke. Don't try to stand as she understands it. We don't do jokes. It doesn't get it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So that's two women back to back to doing that. Really great. Thank you very much. Let's be ladies day. I'm constantly two-hundred-course that we're talking about from the border twice. So that's four for the price of the none. What have I been talking for 23 years now that I really feel so we've got some very nice women in this town. Some, a smattering here and there, you know, like rumors. There's a few very nice ladies in this town. A handful. And then we've got a bunch of psychotic bitches out there. And I really feel sorry for you guys. Okay. That's all I can tell you. Here's a mobile in Key Largo. Hello. Mobile in Key Largo. Neal. Yes sir. The longtime listener circumcised Italian. Oh. All right. All right. Don't tell the Pope. I had the experience of a lifetime. I was drunk by the nose to the sunrise festival flea market. Yeah. Get ready to cart this one up. You'll love it. Yeah. It away from the wheelchair. You big MS. Love you Neal. Okay. Okay. Whatever he says. Let's carry it up. Shelling. Okay. Open line of date to a broad. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Well, let's find anybody understand what that was all about? No. But thanks to the memories. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Do you want to hear more of the story? Yes sir. You're talking before about people who have in funny names. Yeah. I'm a wife taught intercity in Jacksonville. And the kids named No. No kidding was Chithead. Now here's the kickers. Chithead. There was spelled S.H. I.T. H.E.A.D. Hmm. Chithead. Right. Okay. I got it. I couldn't believe it. I wonder what they call them for short. And have a nice holiday. Sir, before you tell me. Okay. He's off. Hey, happy holidays to all our friends and four buyers. By the way, all of them. It's quite of the fact that you're over there. We feel sorry for you. But hey, a lot of you have been held captive. I'm sure that. So what do they call on his friend for short? Open lines and brow are two of them. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless one. We got good news boys. 73% of the American people like Bubba. Okay. The more Bubba micees they want Bubba. And the Republican Party is decided, well, maybe the better stuff shooting ourselves in the end. Okay. Because it's starting to feel pretty bad now. Before we have any more speakers of the house resign, it's a beautiful thing. Here's Keylargo. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm looking great. Let me think hello to our friends. I'm going to run a little white today. Yeah. How about that? Okay. Okay. How about you going to clear that? Much I can understand. Yes. I can get a little bit of a sign of your fundraising saying, you know, thank you very much. I'm thinking you're great. And happy holidays. And back to you. And can I hear a police chemi bed? What is this? Yeah. After that, I wanted to say that the American was responsible police chemi bed. Police chemi bed. No police, no my pod. Yeah. I was trying to unobvious the time. Okay. All right. Okay. So I'm going to see Keylargo. Tell us where my pod. And then you say, you're also a pod. You get some stuff. Please get my pod. Oh. Police chemi bed. Oh. Police chemi bed. Poison. I have quite a lot. All right. Police chemi bed. Police chemi bed. But that's all I can see. Took it was brave with outer swine. Oh. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. I learned to wish them a merry Christmas. Talking all of my mad. aerospace movies. coat of tat hooks. O lee skermee- pan.gersi Bitte me n ba nasse. O lee sker me誤. I got news for the next year when we do our first appearance we're going to really spruce it up. I'm going to do that book of Brian is there and like sitting in the back with a real depress look on his face that'll let us get them even. Well I focus sitting in the corner back there with this dumbness push with a real real depressed more but look on his push like his catches today. Pantheonies. It like that that would be good. Just to just to serve those two because they'll come back you know that don't you come back. They're like that jackass any from Hollywood. It's like a cat. It's like a dumb cat. You kick it in the ass. You're sure to get the wall. It still comes back. Anyone on the line? Because it's the U.M. dumb 920. Woo! Okay we need 80 bucks in the next 10 minutes up there in bulk. We got 920. We got 109,824. In fact if we did 170,6 bucks we would have 110 grand which I'm sure we already had but we'd have official 80 more for 10 grand from the van. And 80 dollars more for 80 more for a thousand today and 80 more for 10 grand from the van. 10 grand from the van. 115,560, WQM. Come on let's do a dance for those two bitches up there. Come on. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.