Sports Radio 516W 2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Will it be a show? Will it be a show? 567 056B toll free, reddied and round. 560 on your cell phone. The opinion of Neil is guest callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM B-RED acquisition. Let's go. New cast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 562A-AM. Ray Wittney has a pair. Ray Wittney has a pair. Ray Wittney has a pair. Oh, oh. It's not heavy on. It's no periage. It's not even tap water. Oh, oh. Hey, like this. It is. The new bottled water. It takes like this because it is. You're in for a tree. The new bottled pit swatter. The next time you want to quench your thirst, take a pit. It is water. From getting a bottled in company, Golden Shower Colorado. It's a little bit of a bad hair. Oh, right. A very old friend named after Dave. Because he was telling everyone who wanted to come. All the laws of these discussions and the reason they... Oh! The way is framed is in. He's often told. And I'm heard him say that she has a long, quiet manner. The prettiest dream that has any of words. And the reason they have a way to explain this. It's not easy to explain this. It's not easy to explain this. The most important thing is to know how to tell the truth. If I wish them to walk in the desert and find them. And if you were going, but still it's worth checking this. But if you were going, you would be the secret. Oh, you really, really, really. But I'm yesterday. You've been to the world, never mind. And so many things. You've made me mad. You've made me mad. And the reason they have been to the desert. But I'm afraid it's my way. You've lost my heart. It's a little bit of a bad feeling. I've lost my heart. I've lost my heart. And the reason they have been to the desert. If you were going, but still it's your secret. But if you were going, but still it's your secret. Oh. Do you really, really say, I'll go on and I'll show you everything. She has been mad. She has been mad. She has been with you. I have the reason they have been to the desert. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be people are special. I'll be a soccer player. Man, he really fell for that crap yesterday. Elvis was the king, maybe. Oh, love Elvis. Elvis was God. Elvis wasn't just great looking. He was pretty. He was what he was. Very good. He was okay. It's what he was. I found this at home. I think you like that. Would the disc in it? In the jewel case, which I also found several other. By the way, all these are discs. I mean, all these jewel cases yesterday at home. And I opened him up. And I was all excited to get ready to play some of that stuff. And I know this can. So I take this back to get old WI. Oh, he is what it does. And those are life finger dance holes over there that stole so many of my great CDs. But nevertheless, Elvis is dead. There's not too much we can do about it. And Joe, to my edge, you know, well, we'll get to that later. I just wanted to tell you right now. I don't want to spend a lot of time on this because the American public is exhausted. I'm just going to tell you that there are many of us. I think of majority. Maybe like 70% of the people in this country, including some who don't have an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Who know that this is nothing more than an exercise on the way on the road to a right wing lynching is what this is all about. It's a lynch mob. And why there, I mean, MSNBC loves it and see an ed love. Because it kills a lot of good time and it gets a lot of extra people to an ed guess. So they say. But all this exercise with this house this year, it can be hearing that's been going on for days and weeks and on and on in finitum. This is all an exercise. There's nobody paying any attention to anything that anybody is saying. It's all done for the tick. It's like those guys that get up in a house, you know, they make those speeches at the end of the day in an empty chamber. And all they're doing is panoring the people watching on television on T-Span. Those 85 old ladies that are watching. And that's what this is. It's just a guy damn exercise on the way to a lynch mob. This is one of the great disc races in the history of this country. And let me ask you something. How is it possible that they were really paying any attention or listening to the testimony yesterday when both sides had already printed up by their stuff. The Republicans have drafted their four articles of impeachment in those big books. Printed up, got only those how many days ago, actually. And then the Democrats were releasing their recent year appeal like, oh, please just stop us on a wrist and set a wrist and so on and make this go away, which of course is what everybody wants. See, did they learn something the election? No. Did they learn from the polls? No. They learned from the fact that they heard nothing. No. You only knew evidence we heard was from Judge Star. That was the only new evidence that he found no evidence, linking the president or his wife to a file gate and water gate and gate gate and the white water gate and all these other gates. Okay. Travel gate. Which he conveniently left out of his 50 billion page referral to the committee. But nevertheless, that was the only new thing that we learned during these days on it. Odd infinite on and on a pop pop pop. And now all of a sudden, what has changed? What has changed? Has anything changed here? Oh, did we already know that he covered up this affair? There's nothing new going on here. But all of a sudden, what happened is that they decided to play a hard ass. They're pissed off about that election. Not coming out the way they thought. They're pissed off about the new mice. They're having to let the skull off into the woodwork somewhere. And didn't we hear in the beginning on that very first day? Remember that day when Henry Hide and John Comus had side by side with that second day. The money is bull crap and lie to their teeth about how this was going to be totally nonpartisan. And then we're going to do this their best to make this. See, this is the difference between water gate and this. There is no nonpartisan chip here. And the votes on all of this stuff will be strictly along party lines. And you'll notice that when the this goes to the full house, which obviously it will. They're talking about trying to sway some of the moderate Republicans to try to avoid a trial in the sentence. And let me tell you this right now. What is a trial in the Senate code of a accomplish where they need two thirds to remove a president from office? A two thirds vote. It's 5545 Republican senators in the Senate. I mean, they need 67, which means they would need 12 Democrats and every Republican vote for impeachable. Is there any chance it's going to happen? No. So they're continuing to waste more millions of dollars continuing to avoid dealing with the real things that go on in this country and the world. And dragging us through another right wing exercise. Because the right wingers are on an offending frenzy. They're out of control. They're out of their minds. They're lunatics. They're maniacs. He had an affair. Everybody knows the stain on the dress. We've heard all the groovy details. It's been on the internet. It's been inside your rectum. Even if you don't want to know about it, newspapers, news gets everybody in the goddamn world knows about it. Does anybody care? No. 70% every poll. In fact, this popularity ratings have gone up steadily. 70% now. Who's saying enough of this crap? But evidently Henry Hide and his cohorts. They love crap. That's right. They're full of crap. That's all they know is that. Right. And so you're not full of us, okay? You're right wing, not teasing us. And that Bob Barr, like I said, the little mustache should be to give away. I'm not saying everybody's got a little mustache as a Nazi, but only most. Especially when they start coming here, you know, down over one side of the forehead. That should be a real giveaway. But hey, we don't want to dwell on that, do we? Not more than two or three hours. I want to dwell on the real scandal, okay? And yeah, again, it's amazing. Thank God for me. Thank God for... Because if it weren't for me, there'd be nowhere you could turn. One of these people at the hockey gamemys that are coming up and just looking at me all over every part of my body, including my fat comb. That's right. You won't get any of the truth in this town. I believe the goddamn newspapers, the articles by David J. Neil and Michael Russo are a laughable pair of best and just parents for whatever the organization tells them to print. One little... there's one little thing. One moment please. Where is it? David J. Schvol and a hero. He's got one little tiny thing in here about what really went on last night. For getting about the game itself and the embarrassment of blowing before nothing lead. And then having thank God. Svella, make a great pass in what he a great goal there at the end of the win against. Because otherwise the tire will loss would have really been embarrassing in him, Li-A. But just one little pair of Michael Russo, haven't had lead. Didn't even... wasn't there maybe. Okay, wrote the article that he wasn't there. Because he just appeared anyway, right? Whatever they'd come to, right? So he didn't need to be there. But in the middle of this article, Panthers find power. Only some parallels could be used to describe the turbulence in the Panthers 65 when over visiting Ottawa, said when to on. And in the middle of the article, David J. Neil writes adding to the augmented drama of the evening, was the clock stopping and starting. But it done well, please. Climaxed by a blaring game closing horn with 14 minutes left in the third period. That's all he writes about it. I've got plenty to say about it, okay? And what you've given us Wayne, $400 million that the Broward County put up for you is the piece of third is what you put up for. That's what it is. Four goals in a five minute period on MontPour Play. Didn't red light come off ready to those goals? No. Red light come on on that end. And all last night, they bothered getting a light bulb. No. They care about the fans. No. They care about the fans. No. If you're about putting out a major league first pass presentation, no, they don't. Just give us your money, okay? And do the wave. Oh, oh boy. And I'm going to say, if you don't get excited, you're okay at the early of the day. Just come down. Can't do it. And I'm going to say, if you're 10 at 5, 60, that would be a cure. The media is sick and it's not badly. She has a baby and he comes up from home. The baby lives out from home from home from home. Out of the ages. On every channel we go, come home, come home, come home, come home, come home. Good night and peace and come home, come home. Good night and peace. 15 at 5, 60, WQA. And by the way, I heard little bits and pieces come to work this morning at the worst team. I heard the Ray Whitney on your nice, gone Ray, baby. Ray, what he has up here. Make dumb a spake about that. What I had two goals last night except the melon bee was busy getting the stupid penalty with negative the first goal and didn't count. But got the winning goal played a great game. Two assists, nice goal on Ray, who was the best on this team. But at any rate, so getting back to the entire ambiance. Okay, and I know people are going to say, there we go. It's complaining again. God damn right, because I'm complaining on behalf of the people who got a brain in their head. I wonder if they would have been able to support him if they had another God damn event. First of all, we get there 60 last night. The elevator, they escalated, the close-ups. They're working on it. Doesn't work. Now, I'm old in the people, but I can still manage up to stairs. Okay, I'll come and down as there's a little easier, but I can handle it. But the bottom line is, how come they're working on it at 6.30 in evening, when they should have been working on it one or two in the afternoon, making sure that everything works. And getting it fixed. And by the way, when we left the game when it was over, they still hadn't fixed it. It wasn't working going down, going up, going sideways. Okay, there's a minor thing. Minor inconvenience. The game gets going, and all of a sudden, I forget at what point when a clock started first, which is not the first time, by the way. When the clock, first of all, the clock would let you choose what time it is on the wall across the way. That went, I'll completely never came back on. For those people who can't afford to watch, because they're given away in all their money, they can't afford to wristwatch. And then they had to game time clock decided to go out. And we got no idea how much time is left, and then the penalty clocks go out. And they're like frozen, frozen in time. And now, I'm Nick Bungu, the referee is escaping all around, and they're like, well, we're able to have to do it with the stopwatch, and they've got to keep the time. And the PA, the poor PA enough, she's got enough trouble figuring out what town he's in. You know, he's got a great voice, but he's a little bit lost at time, especially with those names. But nevertheless, he's like an eight minutes left in a pair. What about how it is, okay? And then they finally get it. And then it goes out again, and it comes on and it goes out. And it's a joke. It's an absolute rig, rig, a joke. The goal lights are red light that I'm the only one of it, and Ellie, who cares about when you go to a hockey game, when a goal is scored, they're red light to post to come on, on Dino's goal. By the way, nice going, Dino. Oh, on Dino's goal. I mean, I can see every other goal going in that, because I've been watching the Binging hockey games. I see the puck going in this, but on Dino's goal, I'm at, for a ticket or angle. I'm an awful win, and I cannot see. And I see other people standing up, I say, okay, I guess I'm going to set up and cheer now. It must be a goal, I guess. Because there's no red light. Here's a man that's worth a billion dollars that, it gives all this money that's here anybody that ever tells us. But somebody in the organization can't afford to fix the goal lights. How many, they're listening over there right now. Everybody in that organization is listening to me right now. What kind of a horseball present to forget about the quality of the game, forget about blowing the lead, forget about that, God coming back and winning the game, which, desperate, forget about that. That was great. Not the blowing lead part of a winning it. But put on a performance and extract that much money from people and treat people this way. And you know, again, and of course by the time the last few minutes were, there were more than like 5,000 people left. Because in this town, even when the game was tied 5,5, I, it's a late, you know, it's a week that we got to get out of here. So it is like 5,000 people left. And now with five or six minutes left in the game, I always tied it up at 5,5, and guess what we get treated to now. Some Zach has decided it's time to start the wave. And that took me back to the first couple years when we had hockey in this town. And the people were very naive and very full-time, very idiotic. And they did, yeah, because the people here would do the wave in a restaurant at Denny's. They started doing the wave. At the early, for the old people, we're doing the wave, you know, it's just the soft food. The thing, even when I would nickers in high button shoes, it just, and then two piece bathing suits, it went out a long time ago. Nobody told these people where they're last night. So that also kind of added to the ambiance of the whole thing. It is doing the wave at a hockey game. Guess what guys, they don't do the wave at a hockey game. In fact, nobody does the wave anywhere anymore. I know we're a little bit behind the rest of civilisation here, but nobody does the wave anymore. It just, it just, it was a surreal experience. I said to John, I think I'm having an out-of-body experience here, because none of this that's going on, it makes any sense. And then that's the climax before the wave, the climactic moment came with 14 minutes left in the third period. When all of a sudden the clock, which, of course, at that point, was not none of the clocks were working, we had no idea what was going on. A lot of a sudden the clock lights up 0.0, and that loud, blurring a horn goes off indicating the end of the period, and in this case, we'll have it in the end of the game. And play is going on. And all of a sudden the player is stopping everybody's confused, and they're looking around, do we scream, do we eat a banana, do we stick it in our rectum? What do we do now? You know? And embarrassing. I mean, they started playing exhibition, this game is in this $200 million arena back in September, and there was October, and there was November. This is now December, this is the fourth month. I realize it's a new place, but this is the fourth month. Do the people who are paying to subsidize this have a reasonable expectation to go there and see it presented as a major league sporting event, as opposed to a bush league piece of turn. Which is what they put online. I'm not talking about the game itself. I'm talking about the presentation, the ambience. What's done for the fans? I got news for you. Those people deserve better, Mr. Abaldhead. They deserve better than the crap you're putting on. And if somebody from the general manager to the coach, to the president with his bow ties to anybody else in your organization, can't see that the red lights not coming on when there's a goal scored, how long does that take? I realize now I've given up. They're never going to put in real goal lights. The fancy schmantees. They're not going to do that. Okay, you got your little quick. Maybe they're saving those red lights for the Christmas tree. That must be it. Maybe they got a panther Christmas tree up in the office somewhere, or who knows? Maybe they're hiding one in their record. I don't know where they got one. But maybe they stole the green light and the red light off that one and because they were a couple of lights short, they fell off the Yajana Kubboosh. Or the Christmas tree, or whatever they're doing over there at the macarina. I mean, they were at the whole crap load of goals scored at that end last night, and the red light never comes on. It's just anti-climactic. It's like sex with on the orgasm. There's just no point. What's the point? It's like when they have those little kids in between parents. You know, they're in there in five, six year old kids. They have one of those little, I'll make believe James last night for a couple of notes in between parents. And they go down to the goals, they're just sitting there to stick the light on. So they know, that's what it's like. It means the meaning and the significance of what's going on there. It renders it like little league. It does anybody really write anything about that in the papers today. They're discussing that on the worst team this morning. Like guilty of sitting there sucking around and chilling in the sucking heavy do the, I didn't hear anything about it. Now maybe I missed it because I certainly don't listen for all four hours of that. Oh, God. But I think you're a thing to say about that. Nothing with the penalty clock. And then, and then there's the game is ending and with all fairness to Ottawa, you know, when you're, when you're the visit, what year the whoever you are, the team that's behind by a goal and slate in the game and you're trying to figure out how to get the goal out. You know, how much time is left, which luckily they weren't able to do that to the game was almost over. Thanks to good play by us. But nevertheless, wouldn't it be nice to have a clock up there instead of the MPA and also coming on every 30 seconds, say, I'm in it in 30 seconds, left in the period. What is that? We got a $200 million arena spot with public funds, by the way, built with public funds for ballty in a team and nothing works. The escalator don't work. The lights don't work. The time clock don't work. The penalty clock doesn't work. The time of day clock doesn't work. They got the sound finally straightened out. Thank God. That's a one point there when everything else started going to hell. It was blaring and puking and dull the stored in for a few seconds. I think that was at the point that the buzzer went off at 14 minutes left in the game, the horn. I mean, you know, practice makes perfect boys at separate occasional concert every few weeks during nothing else going on in that joint. You've got all the time in the world to yourself. All the time in the world in that place to get these bugs out. You can make a presentation for the organization that we can be proud of. Instead of embarrassing bush league presentation that was put on there last night. Fort the 16,000, 1980 and 94 was the ticket sold, but I'm going to tell you we had down there. I don't know, maybe 15,000 people there are smallest crowd. Out of was not a big draw and the who knows their busy who knows what's the story. But the bottom line is when people that many people do show up almost 17,000 people and pay a lot of money. You're a stubbornly paid a lot of money for those tickets even for Mike to get somebody paid a lot of money. Then we deserve to see better than that. If that's the best that you can put on, then we ought to just hang it up. And nobody, nobody, nobody Michael Russo, he didn't see any of this. He doesn't fight it at burrowing anyone in the wife because he doesn't know hockey from his asshole. That's why. And either this David J. Neill with his who-sad shaco, he don't know what else going on. In fact, he says, what is his word again? What were he says that adding to the augmented drama? It wasn't drama. It was embarrassment. Is what it was. And it's so typical for this town, you know. I guess it's not only radio stations and television stations that have just non-stop never ending a burrowing technical glitches, but even when you go to a sporting event, nothing works. Nothing works. But to go to a hockey game where there's 11 goals scored in the game and half the time the red light doesn't come out of goal is scored. I got to tell you as a fan for 40 years of the greatest sport in the world. It pisses me off my fat ass. Forgetting about all the other stuff, for the clocks in the joke of not having who's on first and what's going on. And luckily for them, half of the people are more than they're in there. Even if the stuff is working, they don't know who's on first and what it's all about anyway, including some of the people sitting in front of me, who always waving. While the action is going on, waving and got their arms up in front of my face and talking to kids in the aisle who are standing there. And how much more obvious do you have to be than you're creating your neck and try to look around these punks? While the game is going on, talk to them in between periods. Okay? How do I lock out? How do I manage the luck? You know, I haven't bitten my lip because when people are got season tickets or partial, you know, you're going to be sitting there for a long time. You don't want to stay too much, you don't want to. But I'm just tossing that to the wind. I can't handle it anymore. I got a guy sitting in front of me who are even to people across the way and where they are, and I don't want to see your arms. I don't want to see your little kid up in the air. I don't want to see these kids in the aisle that you're talking to. I want to see the game. There's before the game, there's in between periods, after the game, there's not in the hallway. If that's what you want to go there for, fine. But give the rest of the people an opportunity to see maybe what the hell is going on. And then you say to yourself, oh, I forgot. I'm in Miami, I forgot. Sorry, sorry. There's some change, mister. Mr. Sorry. By the way, speaking to that, thanks to the people of brought checks by for Senator One, plus what came in the mail this morning. We got, and thanks to special thanks, where I get that real nice big fight check from Brian at holiday hangers in Broward and Tamarack. Thank you, Brian, for a real big fat one and a check two. So we got 78,926. We got rounded off, because I know we got a lot more than that in the stores. $79,000 for Senator One. Today is the 10th of December, so we got 21 days left and 21,000 to go to get our gold 100 grand a thousand a day. Should be able to do that. Between the internet and the mail and the phone orders and the stuff at borders, we should be able to do that in it. 1026 at 560 WQ. There was a blue. There was a blue. There was a blue. There was a blue. There was a red. There was a yellow. There was a blue. The world needs all this that you know Well, the day is finished It's great, it's great There is no need to do that Everyone's good God is never done You weren't feeling fine right Then you're facing a certain dawn white Don't thank you, you're just a fool It's a good, good, good, good Good, bye to you There is no need to do that Forever, forever I said to you, what's it done The King of Serenthas There is no need to do that Every night I met home And I'm watching TV Come closer When I happen to sit All this dumb wounding Standless than two men I've been to those of them Whenever they're there And I'm just going to go there But that's not all I've ever had But as I watch his place And I look at all those chicks I wish I knew If they knew Who could do that? They did one It's been six to three and five Six to three and five, six to three If you were a black-cutting one You're a house-potsuit You're gonna be behind And you're like over forever catching up Like a dog chasing its thing Dicky Farco, Fardon, Palm Beach WJ and WBZT, whereby the hell he was One thing we can say about Dicky Farco Years ago He's an asshole He's an asshole At least he's consistent Small potatoes Here's a mobile in Delray Beach, yellow Go into that hockey game last night You know? Ray Whitney knows fabulous what have you But with the light situation You know it I got to be honest with you Nothing bothering me is much of ball to do Why not? Because I just enjoy the hockey play itself Maybe because I didn't grow up with it Like you and a different feeling I'm not how difficult it is That I just don't care How hard is it to make the light The red light come out on a golo score That's what's supposed to happen The right hockey game No, no, you're right It doesn't bother you It drives me crazy Because you know, you can have a tank Oh, a bulb can go out You can have a technical problem anywhere But how long does it go on before they do something to fix it What bothers me is that they don't seem to care That they remind me of this radio station They don't give a crap They're just willing to just fake their way through it They don't care about the fans It's not just an isolated thing It's part of the whole ambiance There's bush league By the way, I like your new format All well the full day Right there you go There you go I'll see you in Great Land Bye bye Okay All Elvis, baby The King And the Queen We have an open line at Broward 2 in Dave 560 So there you go Doesn't bother him I'm just a bad guy I'm a hard ass They're doing the wave They're happy They're seeing themselves up on the screen They're joking They're driving their dancing They're stripping They're having a good time They're having a good time Music is going on They're having a good time I go there to watch your hockey game Which have a good time If the game is in the at least been entertaining I'm not a star or a post I'm not a bad guy I just go there to try to have a good time That's all But I'm the only one that cares about these things So evidently they're not getting They got calls about the noise being too loud On the PA because people were being deaf And then losing their hearing So people didn't make calls about that But about the time clock And the penalty clock And the red light Nobody cares about that So that's why it continues Because they'll just ignore me Or just that needle again He's just a big mouth He's a clown Just me First call right out of the box A guy is not like a reasonable guy It doesn't bother him Open line and date Two of them and one in Broward Five six of everybody When I wasn't taking calls They were all lit up like a Hanukkah bush Now that I want to hear from somebody's bastards Oh well, a lot of stupidity Now you must be a chance, Benso Okay, thank you Happy Holidays Here's Boka, hello Boka Leo, Leo Yes sir Yeah, try this and block him Boka, how you doing? First time long time Yeah, this isn't chronic Bob in Boka, is it? Oh no, it was okay It was okay We have an open line at Broward Two and date Five six, seven, five, six, six Boy, I thought we got ready to hit my 100 years ago Get out of here Here's a lady in Miami, hello Good morning, Neil Yes, man I would set that hockey game last night Yes, is it only me? Am I the only one at the street? No, I agree with you 100% How can you watch a game and not know what's going on with the time clock? Right I mean, it's just... And how about knowing what a goal of score Doesn't it help it to write like times on? 10 seconds, 15 seconds after I guess It's in, I don't, you don't understand It doesn't come on at all I understand, that's what I mean It takes some 10 to 15 seconds to put it on No, it came on But it took my 10 to 10 No, it didn't It never came on, no, it doesn't work Okay Well, there's no excuse after four months No excuse at all Honestly, you saw it come on Okay We need to meet up I said they're staring at it And the light too, and it did not come on Okay It did not pop on And I think the horn No I think the horn that went off was Mr. Toria, Mr. Murray Yeah, maybe they think they need a win They can't see that catching up Yeah, they were done That's a good point, maybe they're trying to Okay, it's over boys, we got the lead Let's go out of here We can see it's flipping away Exactly Exactly And I really, the panthers are not going to go anywhere this year If they're playing games, the jury had four goals And then they come back and they're playing games Our model this year is no lead It's too big for us to blow That's the panthers' model this year It's not really the main ones Who's game with a second to go? They blew the lead three times in a Carolina game That is settled for a more smartly tie And they blew a four goally last night And thank God for failing with you on it one play Or we might have won up for the tie Or we're lost in that game the way it turned out Exactly You could apply hockey like this Expect to get anywhere Right I'm sorry What? Hey, just another day Okay, let you saw it come on Okay Have a great day She saw it come on ten or fifteen Maybe it did it come on No At any time No Maybe it was the Virgin Mary That might have happened There was the Virgin Mary of lighting up I don't mean lighting up like with like not this You think the Virgin Mary lights up Every night and then things almost out of our gang's too much Twenty one till eleven here on all spots Radio we got Hank coming up at two we got there What do we got today? I haven't even looked into the thing back there Booster with six or pro at E.K. attend No one was there Oh no tights sir We have a game tonight Where is it? I think I saw it No third day I took ball tonight So like I said I was right Holy Macanot This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Oh Oh There is a Mary There is a Mary Down the slope depends on you And the powers you go down Did you say to your life When you light is your life He's at a god's hand You're in your turn Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? You have a brand new style too We love the way you fuck your doom We're gonna make the onion chips And the fruit in my drink Thank you, though So I'm a friend Seems with the speed I fuck myself And the bad guy straight to hell When a building got too slow Give I a first Can you open a hole like me? An order for first I'd lose my way If you wanna get from getting it more And New Year's Eve in time square Keepa a big thing New Years Eve Telling a little hand Fill room with water Totino's pizza, Arroz, a low-pages house in Hollywood. You know, show up for somebody who might actually see it. They're writing a Times Square at New Year's Eve. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake, Sala. Hi. Yes, man. E-claim show off the Republican in the house is asking people to call him to let him know how they feel about how he should vote. Yes. His phone number is 522-1800. And then... Wait, what kind of a number is that? 522-1800 in Broward. Okay. That's a Broward number. 954, right? As soon as I hear 1-800, I start getting backwards. 522-1800. Right. Okay. And I call them and they just asked, My zip code. I told them why I was calling them. My zip code and they told them. You know, this is ridiculous. Get this over with. Okay. Let's see. 522-1800. Everybody call him to cut the crap. By the way, George, let's have a party. I just celebrated my first hand here in this end of the studio. Yeah, just killed in that here. It is a little one, little black one. Little black sample. There it is. A little tiny hand. So congratulations to us. From Sheridan Street, all the way over here in Northeade. We finally made progress. We got their answer moving in. Not only the rest of the guys are going to be moving in, but the answer moving in too. All right. I can't believe this. And we were talking about this off the year, George and I yesterday. We've been here about a year getting very close to what you're now. Have we ever seen an exterminator in here like we did all the other days and never worked at it. I never said I have a guy coming here and spray, you know, and no, because that cost money. Maybe that's why they've got mice and rats and rodents and serpents and bugs and roaches over the other place. Can we afford an exterminator? No, sorry. I don't want to disturb you. Beathly boys over there. Happy holidays and Naples. But, you know, don't want to bug you. Here's Miami. Hello. Mr. OK. Can't both is now denies anyway, by the way. What is San Diego? Well, they didn't like that name. Yeah. They didn't like that name at all. The San Diego. Yeah. About these new macarino, or there. These people paid $200 million. They should be foaming it about because they, this place is just supposed to be. They, they don't care. You don't get it. I get it. Getting no response. The fri, I'm sitting here and I know that I don't relate to the people in this time. I mean, 23 years is I've learned a long time ago before the 23 years. That I don't relate to understand where these people are coming from. But that three first guy who calls the goes out of his way to make the call on a mobile no less to tell me that the red light that doesn't bother him if it comes on or not. I mean, I don't understand. I don't get it. If he had to pay $200 million, he'll be jumping up and down. Pulling out his hand. Well, that's not the point. Somebody paid for his seats, whether he paid or somebody else paid for the seats. If you're going to go watch his sporting event, I mean, you know, suppose the scoreboard doesn't work at all. We don't know about the score is the time is we already accomplished that last night. Anything. I mean, we just go there and go through a scrimmage. I mean, why have you bothered putting on the uniforms? Let's just go out there and sweat and pretend it's a practice again. And it renders it meaningless. It was an embarrassing bush league event last night. And if I'm the only one in this town, it's got to gut the state. Then good for me. There you go. Thank God for the little good. That's right. You people over there are nothing works from the escalator in the light. So I mean, for everything, just nothing for the fans. Just keep taking and taking and taking and demanding that people coming and subsidize whatever kind of Swel you put out there. Okay. That's what it boils down to. And everybody else, they just sit back like that. They're in La Lala. Yeah. Well, what do you know? We don't know what the problem is. Yeah, because you don't even understand. You wouldn't know our red light if they stuck what in your echo. It's right. They stuck what in your left ear you wouldn't know what the hell it was. Open line in date County 560 50 50 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Atlanta. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, yeah, was terrible last night. I agree with you. I'm not in question though since in football, I pretty much established that you can't win anything without defense. How come we're the only Sean Burke here who just. The worst. The actual. They just go take a look like a. You can't go. I'm a bowling ball from four inches away. This man is grow test. Yes, you're right. And I'm going to talk to that when he signed him. I told you we're going to be in for real problem. What do we do? What do we do? Tell our tickets and go to the right. No, just bring a good book. Bring a flashlight and book. And have a good time. Okay, and get out of here. What do we do? What do I do? What do I do? Slapped this guy across the face and tell him. Be a man like Marlon Brando told Al Martino. Okay. Be a man. That's what you do. You just keep coming here and hope for the best. That's all. That's all. I can do. I go there. I show up hope for the best. And once they're while we get lucky like last night, even though we try to blow it. I mean, when you come right down, if you got four goals on one power play, I mean, it's like a gift. All of a sudden they woke up after their early or five on three was a disaster. Well, of course, we don't practice five on three. We know that. But I mean, just a total of the crowd was booing or suck on all of a sudden. There's this five minutes span when he's guys, Ky's off and Whitney and need him. Everybody wakes up there on fire for five minutes. We got a four nothing leaves. And still then you're blue that game. We had a five three lead and the third pick. It's still then you're blue it. But I can handle that. I mean, you win, you lose whatever you support your team, but the other stuff that goes along with it. If you're willing to accept that kind of horse ball on beyond in an arena that you people indirectly help to pay for. I don't understand you. I can't relate to you. That's why this that's why this town is what it is. And we talk about this all the time. No matter where you go, the byward here is media equity. Don't make any waves. Don't open up a big mouth. Just fake your way through life. Do the best half-assed thing you can possibly just forget about it. Nobody demands excellence. Here nobody demands professionalism. They're schlockey way through. This is Lala land. This isn't the big time. This is the bushes baby. We're beating that we're beating it in the bushes. Like Dr. Watch's name there on, you know. Here's a hell and there. Hello. Hi, Nelka Morning. Yes, sir. I don't know what I was watching last night. I watched the game on TV and all four pound plate goals. They showed a close-up of the red light on. They showed a close-up of the red light on. As they scored the goal, they paned for a close-up of the red light. And it was a real big close-up. And it showed the red light. No, it was a little bit. How can we can't see it for more I said? I don't know. But you know what I'm saying is I was watching on TV and at least for the four four pound plate goals. They showed a close-up of the red light. Well, I got news to you, sir, because I'm not blind. I have excellent vision with my 35 glasses. You, you, you, from where I, because I know how it<|th|>s told me the furry first game that when you sit on the other side and you go to the other end that you can't see the red light there. So maybe it's coming out. We just can't see it. Like, you know, half the crowd just can't see it. Well, I, I don't know what to tell you, but I, I, And in addition to that, by the way, you know, they came up with a real good idea there in the third period when the clocks went out and the penalty clock went up. And there were showing sports channel on the screen up there. So at least the players and the fans could see how much time was left in the game. And how come they stopped doing this? How come on sports channel? They stopped putting the penalty clock at a date because they have their own time clock, which at least is close to the real gate. How come they didn't put that up there anymore? That's, that's another. Oh, my God. Well, sir, you're telling me, maybe that's the reason that half of the people think I'm nuts. Maybe that's why this lady says she saw come on from where I'm sitting. You never see it come on. You cannot see it from the angle. And we said, and I'm right at center. Well, check it out. We remember. I mean, it's his place. Oh, check it out. Do you think Rimmer's going to get me a real answer to this? No, but he said, it's on tight somewhere. I mean, it's a business deal. And it's a neighbor's newspaper. You know, I have time to worry about this stuff. It was on TV. You saw the red light. I swear to God. Oh, I was on the floor. It was on that power. The first full goes of the power. Like, a real big close up too. Yeah. Real big close up. You sure that wasn't that ball that's over did he's popping? Well, I had you sure that wasn't that could be that. Or one of their new Christmas decorations. Okay. Well, maybe that straightens it out. Maybe just on our side, we're on the dark side. Okay. Well, maybe something else listening is there. Well, thank God. We'll straighten the other. We'll move it in the right direction. Okay. Take care. Okay. See if they had the big go like I talked about before, but that will never happen. Because I would have spent maybe $2,300 to do that. Then everybody could see them all the time in both ends. So if you're lucky enough to, that's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Because trust me when I tell you, I have no reason to make this up for more. I said, that that never you can never see it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, first time long time. Yes, sir. I have to agree with you 100% with this arena. I went to my first game last Saturday. Yeah. Oh, the Carolina game. Yes. Unbelievable. I couldn't see the red light. The clock stopped about 500 times. I don't know what's going on with the game. The clock was great in that game. Can't be me to do some spastic moments in acting. But last night, it just went out for like five minutes at a time. And then toward the end of the game, it just crapped out all together. The penalty clocks weren't working. Nothing was working together. Time of day clock. Everything just went dark. I think God, that I has board channel on. So I could tell what the hell how much time was up in this game. Hmm. Unbelievable. Well, maybe what really happened was that five minutes, the major power player. We had maybe that really was ten minutes. And they just never got the clock started. That could be another thing. Sean work. We got to get rid of him. He's terrible. Yeah. Have a getting feel as potman from Toronto. No chance. No chance. Well, we're going to trade. We don't have anybody they want. We almost pulled that off. And they said, Robby's a pussy and we're not taking those chance on it. And we got nobody to see if you're not willing to trade. Guys that people want, you're not going to make a deal. Right. Have a getting a sniper like Pablo Burre or something like that. Yeah. All right. Okay. Have a great day. Tell this guy must be on drugs. Don't you. Don't you read your newspaper, sir. BM says we can't afford those guys. We can afford a pop out Burre or Zimman. Pomp your guys like that. We're not going to put a big superstar out there. For it to pay him a lot of money. Well, we can get five. You know, I'll take our way through with these guys. We're, you know, not making all that much. We have an open line in date. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Ten fifty five a two way in. With this much. Get out every auto-windle. Leave change over. Get yourself five thousand in any free. When the phone leaves the phone and I'm a child to you. It's going so that you can get your low back looking free. Ten fifty so much time. Then it over to the sponge. You feel as though you're back to my project. If the job you can't avoid a stranger got him abroad. You got to spend your weekend just drinking. Because you'll be breaking up some backyard. All night breaking up your backyard. With so pretty you should break in on the backyard. Pay the price. Break in on your backyard. So you're taking wife. I'm telling you one thing Elvis. So be clean. I'm sure. It's 11 o'clock at five sixty. W.M. So Chris Reed. The nephew has got the Q.A.M. fan out there. He's going to be at the corner. University. Drive in Broward Boulevard at a time. We'll tell you in a little bit. Very shortly. And he's going to have a best of meal. Cossets. Not CDs today because we are running short. I guess at the moment. Is that the reason? Sort of one proper is running short. They're going to get some from one of the stories that isn't doing so well on CD. Yeah. What's going with that thing? That is really so well. It grows. When a grove is not the grove is not doing so well in CD sales. In the grove. Let me take a look at the thing from here. Yeah, you're right. Look at that. 140 bucks last week. 40 bucks the week before two pieces. Two pieces in the grove. How do you like that? And prestigious coconut grove. Well, I could say a lot about that, but I won't. Yeah, right. There are no losers who are up in here. They're too smoothly for us. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. They're going to be a good one. Yes, sir. I was there last night. Yes. The red light does come on if you're sitting on the end. On the stick. Yes. The spinning row or the end of the schedule. One oh nine. You can see the red light. Yeah. But if you're sitting anywhere else, you're going to have a blue. I don't know. Why is it going to end the beginning and some of the early games that you could see the red light from around. I'm sitting on what? Did they do put a shield around it or something? I guess. No. We could see them. And nothing. I don't see. Why is it TV and the ads? Stay on the screen when the square lights go out. I mean, the time lights. You are. I'm pretty confused about that. Why why is everything else work great? And that's. It's because the ads are what's important. Don't understand the information, the red light, the goal. That's not important to them. If you're in the ads on there and collecting this, like this place, just get the ads on. And the hoop camera rolling around looks showing all the people. That never went out. Right. Well, that's the important stuff. It was there. It was my first time in the arena. So you actually saw it. Oh, God. Oh, absolutely. You've partially solved our dilemma. My wife is probably the first time she ever saw a light. So. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to be okay. I'm going to have a great day, pal. We have an open line and a barred. Come on. Let's get out. Who recorded that? I saw the light. George. I saw the light. That was a great record. Come on. You used to be so helpful and right on top of this stuff. And ever since you had a brain, the lobotomy, I could afford the good stuff. I saw the light. Come on. Come on. Great record. What year? Oh, she, I don't know. In the 80s. She's to play that all the time on Zeta. That was a great song. Todd Wungren. Very good. Yeah. Very good. I looked at the right title though. Trust me. When I tell it, it is the right title. Todd Wungren. I saw the light. See, I got to come up with my own hanches now. I got, you know, Jolton Joe over there who's all worried about Jolton. I was here because he's Italian. Got a big nose. And I got this little spick and he was worried about, you know, completely way glaciers records. He's sitting in there yesterday looking at pictures of Gloria Stephon, Nick, which really grossed me up. Took me another two, three hours before I could build up an appetite for lunch. Who's saying mobile in Opalaka? Hello. Yeah, how are you, dear? Okay, so you're doing great. I read light. I'm a season ticket holder. I sit down. The shoot twice. And it does come on right away. The problem is the light is slain. Flat. It's on the top right. Right. Right. Play. You can't see from when you're at. The light's the way sideways. Why is the light sideways? At the beginning, you could see it when it came on. The first couple of games in the season. They were covered in a second. I said downstairs once. I thought it was up to the light. In other words, we got a drooping light. Exactly. And now the light at the other end, they took about 15 to 20 seconds to come on about three times lunch. Oh, really? The other end, this one came on right away. The shoot-in twice. Right. And I promise you, for more I'm sitting, you couldn't see it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. You don't give a crap about the fans. That's what really cost my fat ass. They don't care. I agree. The light's weird. It's not seen out of everything. The next thing with a horn going off with 14 men slept in a game. Everybody coming to a stop. That, to me, that was the epitome of all the years I've spent in this town. Everything that I've suffered through here. That was the epitome. That was the defining moment of my life that the... The other horn going off about 30 seconds left in the game. I was like, from a fan. How'd it horn? I think it would've worked. Oh, great. I know. So if you're sitting in just the right spot, okay? If you're sitting just in the right seat, maybe it's one of those narrow seats that your ass is pinched into, but you see there's a blessing and everything and every dark cloud is a little silver lining in there. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date, 560560560 on the eighth and I like I said on the only person that is bothered by that, nobody else cares. You know something, if you don't care fine, I'll never say another word about it. No seriously, I can live with it. I find it incredibly embarrassing and just grow tenets. It's smart me. Smart me. But if that's okay with you guys, great. If it doesn't bother you, the clock keeps going off in the penalty because you know, when you don't know anything about the game, I guess it doesn't make it a difference. One thing I'll say about P.P. Proxy, you cannot get all you want, but I, you know, I've been to a lot of dolphin games there and a lot of Marlon's games and, you know, the scoreboard seems to work and a clock 99% of the time seems to work. I mean, they're always the possibility for a technical malfunction anywhere in the best of facilities. But here it's like part of the ambiance. It's like they gave this as a free bonus, you know, a little added excitement without any extra charge. Here's Pompano. Hello. There you go. Yes sir. That that game life I find as well and I agree with you, 2000%. I think these people there more concern with students, those on the screen. And then, only they just go between that and getting those teachers to the point of the crowd, those, if they could get as animated during the game goal and honest, they do during the other spurious bullcraft, we really have something. You know, it's really sad that was like, that's what they're paying. I mean, right before the, you know, they always do that camera thing in between, you know, before the actions start up again. But that's what their paying attention to. They're, if I'm on TV. Right. And it's just like you said, you know, how many millions of dollars of stadium was, but they can't get the clock to 200 million. 200 million. They don't usually, you've got to touch the toilet to flush it in there. I mean, we know, modern day facility. Right. That's right. They have to even lie. The automatic flush, but these are a lot cheaper than the utilized to actually keep us as best. Well, it was really bad. Was like you said 14 minutes ago, the horn goes off. Yeah. I mean, how about even when they see the natural anthem every time I'm happy. Yeah. I want you to stop and think about this. Suppose when that happens, suppose we would have been right in front of the, the, uh, the opposite net that we would have had a chair real good scoring chance there. And suppose the home of the golf, and everybody just came to a stop. I mean, I was going the other way. It was a neutral ice and you know, you know, what would happen? Right. You're like, what the hell is this? And even though something maybe we just came up with the new tactic every time it looks like the other teams got to have a break or, you know, uh, a story. Just won't hold it. We'll hold it. There we go. Yeah, we'll blow it and I want to. Right. And, you know, even when they see the natural anthem, this poor guy, I mean, you're in Rackel. Yeah. Yeah. He hit a crackling in the PA. I mean, it's just like, and he's great to, we love her and Brackel. And he actually got the wood stove Canada right last night. I don't know. But the PA blows you right. It's a whole thing. It's like, I mean, this is, this is what you, I guess, you know, when you use cheap when the wind is on a patty, the union people, this is what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. And we're having a good time, man. And you're suggesting. Yeah. Well, it was poor nothing when they scored their first call on thinking on stuff. You know something, right? And right back in the game and sure tell them up. Yeah. Oh, you could tell them. You could tell them coming. I know either. Either somebody took a dump in the hallway or we found something. Not the right. But we got to have him to stay in the freaking net. Yeah. Yeah. Every time he got hit in the first five minutes to the game they could add to the goal. He was watered around like level stoveskin. Well, it's an ever great day, pal. I mean, we're having a great time. Come on, let's go. Come on. Get up and do a little dance, baby. This is what it's all about. Yeah. I ride. Can you feel it? Can you smell it? I'm smelling it. Here we go. Here we go. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Thank you. 10 minutes after 11 at five, 60, double your QM. Oh, I like the wee wee. It was me who had to. It was me who had to. It was me who had to. It was me who had to. It was me who had to. It was me who had to. You're up to me, okay. Shut up and then go. Can you hear the sound? Bigger at Van Gogh, brilliant. Little boy and I'm Chris from Memphis. Can I go to Tago in the stream? You're starting. Missed through it, you smoke at her. You're a chicken choker. I choke all the lettuce all hang out. What? There he goes and I'm going in. Broken them off, digress. I will tag over in the stream. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're a chicken. You're Sem VAAM God Look Good! Not Emblem Weban Leaves Fararang Brown Thank you for your hard work! T-T-T the Five Sixty folds to Q.wand. Deutschland 2000 rendezvous reversal affair and Mike Lebes. Hollywood politics, would say,jut muslin's really netchery talented corruption by Petersburg from Solyne. I know I'm honored as president on the is parties were like all three or they had like one thing. Right, they have separate? Yeah. I'm about that. Well, anyway, in the Haroldus morning or one of these stupid articles, it's not enough to wipe the smile off the face of Beretone voice to wipe Lauderdale, but Moral at Miami's 1010 is so low that General Manager John Garble would enforce the cancel of stations Christmas party at the last minute. So you think you've got problems with the Christmas party at Tropical Acre? Oh boy. Yeah, we could talk a lot about trying. Is it okay if you're not going to be there? I wouldn't be surprised if I'd be kidding me. Yeah, they're having a QA in Christmas party at Tropical Acre. I didn't realize that anybody that old worked here. Anyway, going back to Channel 10 in their Christmas party being canceled, it says the reason less than a third of the staff RSVP for Saturday's fancy feast at the post-Grand Behotel and Cocoa Grove. How about we go there instead? Well, let the evil sisters go to what Tropical Acres will all go to other grand behotel and Cocoa Grove. RC Farsi Smartseek. In a memo stand out Tuesday, Garble said he'd find it hard to justify the expenditure when the majority of our staff has clearly indicated that they're just not enthusiastic about the event. They do not become it. Previously, Channel 10's Christmas and Dixward Grand Affairs that included the showing of the year's prices, loopers. Those in the nose have the station's new direction, a sharp increase of Channel 7's style, flash, and trash on newscats has created serious dissension in the ranks at 10. Didn't return a call for comments. Oh, there you go. Problem and the ranks over there at Channel 10. Could be worse, like I said, they could be going up to Tropical Acres. Boy, that's just amazing. I ate there about 50 years ago. Oh, yeah, and you think, oh, I'm telling you, think I'm too young, neat there now. Now, I was like a teenager in there. So all these people kind of gumming their food. It was great. Well, I sure hope it's not a trade deal. We have all the broader lines. You're open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No, have you ever eaten there? Last year's Christmas party. Here. And they're doing it again in the same place. That's a place for old people, but blue here. That's a place for people who gum their food. I mean, when I went in there, and real, I was just about 100 years ago, but my good friend, Skipper, upchuck, was always promoting that you went. I went in there. And I saw they had a glass of effort at, on every table, nice to your glass of water, fizzy water. I thought, what is that for? That's self-taught of the signal. That's for your teeth. Come on. It's going to be a great place. Am I going to be going? No. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, out of 18, and T. Wireless line. So why don't I waste all that energy on something that these people just don't care about? I don't care. Like I said, you people are willing to accept the most unbelievable. And just hey, we don't care. We're having a good time. So night out of the house, it is God forsaken town. Okay. Excuse me for expecting to be able to see the goal like come on. What a goal is scored. Do you see the clock at a penalty clock or something that has to do with the yon beyond to whatever event I'm watching? Excuse me. I'm a bad guy. Very obvious to me. I'm way out there again on a limb. I'm so far out of touch with the rest of you folks in this town. I just am embarrassed. I'm humiliated for myself. But I've been here all this time and I still can't get with the program. I just can't join in with the rest of these people in their law law land. I need garbage any crap that Wayne dishes out here you'll take it. And I know it makes no difference to me that it's way. And I'm sure Wayne's not in charge of the light bulb. You know, all that stuff in the clock. But whoever is in charge of the inner workings in that place, the technical workings is a total incompetent should be fired immediately. And they should bring some people in there who know what to tell us all about and make things work right. And that thing should work like clock work if you've bought another expression. And news, state of the art. It's a craft relapsed through a curve at the Masio Getaway plan. Another big article, the 4,000th in a series of 20 minute articles about Jolton, Joe, the Masio, our last throwback to America's innocence. What are you laughing about? I think Joe had a good point yesterday about that. Joe, the Masio was our last grasp our last hold on the link back to America's innocence. Back when we were dropping nuclear weapons on Japan and calling everybody come on Easter come on Easter. Right. And of course, Jim Crow and Bob Crow, John David Crow. Just a couple of days before his condition took a serious down. Return, Joe D was planning a getaway from the hospital, said his friend and neighbor Morris Engelberg. We just can't shut up by the way. This guy, he's good. He's dying. He's good. He's okay. Saturday told his brother down to me, as you'll get your car. His downstairs keep the engine running. We'll go down the back. There's get that a lot of here, Joe and Joe said. How do you like that? Oh, man. Then he took a little turn for the worst. His matter of fact, Dr. Summoned the family on Monday for what they suspected might be a final visit and discuss whether it's turn off the machines helping him survive because he's hooked up to all these tubes. I guess it would have just taken all the equipment out when he ran outside. Here's Joe running out there with Dom, with all these tubes hanging out of his nose and his pussy and his back going. And that would be kind of embarrassing. I guess you can't go to the Deli, then. And you got all those tubes tied up here. Anyway, Angleberg said we will never turn the machines off. We'll play this thing out to the end. That's an interesting line. It was where he said they were going. I mean, the guy's dying. Okay. It's a sad thing when anybody dies. I'm not particularly broken up about it because what do I know from Joe to Manjillo? I know who he was. I know he played. It was a good ball player. Great. There were a lot of good ball players. I know it was Murray to Maryland on Roll, which he wasn't married to any other ball players. So there he go. He was the only ball player ever Murray to Maryland on Roll. He was a voluptuous blind with big boobs. There you go. Nice gone, Joe. But other than that, I mean, the guy's 84 years old. He's got one long. He's had cancer. He's had all kinds of problems. I won't see him no more. Okay. And then right underneath that by the way, as they rehash, I guess you people in the Sun Sentinel must be getting CA, convened Alzheimer's. Maybe you caught it from Rimmer. Rules on satellite. This is approved. And it's the same article that we had several days ago. We could go Friday. I think it was. Remember I talked about the Sun. The page about how that can't prevent you as long as it's your own property that you control. If it's common property, it can't stick no dish on there unless it's milk and correlation, those kind of dishes. But if it's your property, you can stick a dish wherever they had you wanted, even on your neighbors. Back to home. But that's the same stuff we already saw. So evidently, they had a bunch of space to fill up there. They had nothing to stick in there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, hi, you don't. The bottom of my field was sports. I don't see it as so much as the players. Unfortunately, I see it is with their agents and with your coaches from when they were younger. Because I'm a baseball player myself and I love you. You're okay. Great. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward 2 and Day 5. 6705. 60 and 550 on the AT&T Wireless One. That was the Alex Rodriguez. Thank you. Alex. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Okay. Carl Springs is gone. Now we're down to two calls. I don't believe this. I do not believe this. We're up to the top of the war frenzy today. And these people are saying you're wrong. They're fearful of crap. We like we eat. We think we take a patch. Right. Okay. Excuse me. I'm just going to spend the whole day today. We're pending an apologizing for all the terrible evil incorrect things that I've said. This is a magical moment in my life. I finally realized what a miserable, no good son of a bitch I really am. It took all this time and I finally like a little light bulb. Here's the light bulb I can see. It's one right over my head now. Not red, but like a little orange light. And it's said to me, man, you are so far off. Mr. You better get with it. And I said, okay. Here's an adventure. Hello. Hi, you doing? Okay. A couple years ago, I think you did a hilarious piece on one of your holiday parties where you guys had, I guess it was in the field or someplace. Oh, yeah. They take care of the thing. What was taken out in David? Yeah. And they served baked beans or something? Yeah. And it was freezing and brutal. And that was a bob green special. That was an IOD special I'll never forget. The food was strictly the ambiance with that. It was freezing our ass off. It was out in the middle of the, you're not to okay corral out there. And David forget the wonderful aroma since we were downwind of these. Well, we were downwind of the holiday good animals done there too. Well, you put that on. That's got to be the best of that whole bit. I know you didn't have any good thought of it. That was hilarious. You did that. And maybe we'll just meet the people from Channel 10 over there and replay it all over there. We live it. Well, you know, a lot of places are getting away from theaters and not going to lunches because they don't want the alcohol, you know, mess it up and employ the parents. Right. Apparently they get a little little intoxicated, start telling each other exactly what they think of one another, which is good for them. Well, I would love that. Oh, I've heard some stories about some of the IOD parties where some of the guys who get snuck out of their mind and get into fist fights. I'd love to be a fly on the wall to see some of those. I'd be who I would like, man, ditch and hack or something. And fact, I would like to be a fly on the wall to QAM party and just see what happens with the two evil sisters, the water not see in scourine when somebody gets a few too many and starts telling them exactly what they are, which is basically on two legs. Well, I can't fire anybody, then. Who? The water, the water, the water, oh, hey, they may not do it directly, Mr. but you look at them cross side. You got reheal serious problems. They wield the power. And why do they think they call it power 96 next door? They wield the power. Well, stay away from the baked beans. Have a good one. And thanks for the bad memories. Yeah. Good point. Yeah. I never go to Christmas parties. I don't want to say it was Sheryl over there who twisted my arm, twisted my arm, twisted my arm. She twisted. Oh, it's going to be great. And we go out there and it's absolutely fraught. We thought it was going to be like an indoor thing. You know, like in a barren kind of, didn't we? All thought it was going to be like a thing, like a barren dance. Right. And a covered thing. But no, this is outside. And it was drizzling. And it was drizzling. And it was freezing and getting colder and colder. This is at night in December, okay? And all the women with high heels. And nobody's got a jacket because we thought, well, that's going to be inside. And we're standing outside and the food is like, and the aroma was crap. That is exactly what it was. The aroma of crap. Yes. And the cowboys were hitting on our wives while we were sitting there. And then don't forget the confrontation between a couple of wives there too, by the way. That's, yeah. Oh, you forgot about that? I know. Let's not go in detail on the air because some of it was somebody's X, Y had in with a very different bar as they got into a, yes, they got into a real verbal. Wow. That was the entertainment. Yeah. I can, any guy I want, okay? And it began with an F. Okay, a lot of 26 and 560 WQNs. My leader doesn't whistle. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. I want a drum. Thank you. It's so pretty. It's 560 WQN, the Henk Goldberg Show, which I've got, the book's here at 680 camp that's in, like a regular run. God for that. Two open lines in date County, 5 6 7 5 60 and 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, I go to those games and all these people come and a P on my leg. I mean last night more than ever before my life. I go out to take a leak. There's 400 people out in the goddamn hallway. They're made me out of just kissing my ass. And I come on here and I try to speak not only on behalf of myself, but on behalf of them, you know, expressing my dismay over the kind of a horse ball, presentation that's being put out there. And do I get any kind of like anything from that? No. Any kind of verbal support. No. Any kind of like affirmation that is so people don't think I'm just being a heart ass. No. Nothing. I don't understand you folks. I'm actually folks to be their spokesman is that I guess I'm the spokesman. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you today? Okay. You know, I can't go down there and subsidize that no good comeback. He's just just fixing everything out of your pocket and then there's a lot of money. Nothing. Get anything returned. I was talking to one of the uh, confessionnaires. I could do football games. Yeah. And they were telling me that I have some where they get paid and the girls says what we don't get paid. That's what you mean. She says, well, we're we work for different organizations like different charities like a church or something. Right. And they work for free and he can sell a percentage. Uh-huh. There's a big high-pinga. It's a percentage of whatever he puts in. Well, that's why the alde a food there is so cheap. You know, I'm going to put your bargain. Yeah. Yeah. Well, everything. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's like $24 for a small soda. $24 for small dollars. $36 for hot dog. And uh, you're going to want to be right. If you look, it is hot dog between the bun. Mm-hmm. But um, there's a way in or somewhere. It's in there somewhere. Yeah. It's in there, all right. And and and closing gonna call someone to do something. Yes, sir. George and Pompey two ass kissing douchefag. Okay. Thank you. Two open lines of date County. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Happy holidays. From all your good friends from the evil sisters upstairs from everybody here at 2 a.m. Power 96 and kiss at FM. Does it sound sincere? No. No, we mean it. Here's a lady in some rise. Hello. Hello. Yes, we know. Yes, sir. Yeah. Um, just want to say, you know, you've been saying about frost, my rectum and stuff. My mother used to have a saying that I'm used. I love it. And when, you know, in a life, frustration comes up and everything does not frost your gazes. And I think you're a real boss. No, doesn't it frost your gazes on? Uh-huh. I don't know how to spell it. Good boy. You, you, you, you, you love that. Anyway, you know, you're, don't it, you're being critical about things. People, they, they only hear what they want to hear. Because you could be very positive too. You just, you know, bringing up stuff that's, you know, lacking. That is blatantly unacceptable. Anybody with a brain. It's unacceptable. Is it not how you put on a show? No. It's not how you present a sporting event. A concert and the other guy didn't think that you're taking people's money to see. And like I said, I must, there must be maybe two or three of us that are care about it. And the rest of these bulls are just as best. We don't care. We'd be having a good time. Yeah. I think I think I'm right. As long as they keep cranked at music that Gary glitter garbage up loud enough, and keep showing these bulls on a screen so they can get a little ego trip there. They'd be having a good time and they're doing the wave. They're waving us. They're just having a party in their pants. And it's, you know, it's like that's the lack of common sense in courtesy. And a lot of people just air me up and he's oblivious. There's nobody behind him. And his mind, he's guys waving. He's got his arms up and the most inconsiderate piece I've turned out ever seen in my life. And I've just bit my tongue for all these weeks. And I just can't take it anymore. I just refuse to accept it. And it will, you know, I'm not going to stop. I know who this guy is. He's got a couple little school kids there. I know he's a teacher who we little kids standing in the aisle last night. While the game is going on, the third period in the real close game. And I'm trying to watch what's going on. And they're having a conversation. While the game is going on, blocking my view. I'm standing on my head. I'm cracking my ass. I'm doing everything that's right to see underneath them over them in between them. And I'm just biting my tongue to blood is spitting out. I know, well, you know, you got to have some balance. What's the one? You got to be a hard ass. But in the most part, you know, I always have to have common courtesy too. I, it's like they said common sense. Right, they're not even hiding here, right? Yeah. I'm, you know, hopefully people start here and have some things to about when they put in their seats about all the way back and stand in front of you. You know, they think about it. Yeah, but this is what you're getting carried away. That's the holidays. But try to, you know, maybe too much egg nog is getting to you. But try to keep a grip on reality. Well, for Minnesota, you know, you know, well, there you go. There, you know, it's too nice there. Uh-huh. Well, it's a huge wish. Okay, listen, have a great day, sweetheart. Next one, thank you. All right. Okay, we have an open line at day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Speaking of driving, by the way, I don't want to harp on all these things. I don't want to harp on it. This morning, coming to work was the worst I have never seen such aberance, such unacceptable such bizarre people in my life as it gets closer to Christmas day and a closer to new year. Your behavior out there on the road. I'm talking to the majority of you. I mean, you are a looney tunes, baby. And I make that curve off 5, 95 out of the turnpike and you know, you get to the end. It's not a good set up really great. Because you get to that point where if you're going north, you have to be right. And if you're going left toward Miami, which I come every morning, you have to like slide over in the or left hand lane. Well, sure enough, I see these two old ladies in the left hand lane and one of whom she's lost. And I understand, maybe she's confused, whatever, but the bitch behind her is going way too fast. And as I look over, I say to myself, there's definitely going to be a wreck there. I mean, the woman behind this woman is coming practically with stops because she's coming with that V in the fork in the road. Okay? And the woman behind her is, I'm saying to myself, there's going to be a wreck. And guess what? Bam! There's a wreck. And I'm thinking to myself, oh boy, I'm just floored it and got by because I'm thinking, let's car and flood is going to come shoot and off into my lane. Because I'm right to the right of this. Okay? I'm like right there in the hood. And luckily, I mean, it wasn't the real serious accident, but just a lot of damage. I'm sure especially that bitch behind her was going, I mean, she's right on her ass. In fact, at one point, I looked over, I thought, you know how you see occasionally people pushing another car because the battery is dead or whatever. I thought she was pushing this car. She was right up on her back, and then bam! And then it got worse. Once I got on the turnpike, it was worse. I mean, people just darting in and out and honking her horn blowing in each other and just pissed off. Just relax, okay? The furbies will still be there somewhere when the day is over. And if they don't have me, your kids will still somehow survive without your goddamn furbie. In fact, those leave it to bevertories that make it a big hit. They're not going to come back. That's right. Get your kid a beaver for the holidays. This year instead of a goddamn furbie, okay? Probably had more fun with it. A little beaver doll. 21 before noon at five. I'm 60, W2AN. Hi, this is Mori Fowbridge, wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Don't have a big season. Everyone loves Christmas Carol's, but until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said, but until now, introducing Hanukkah Carol's on TV. Hanukkah is always like that. That's my smash. They've been some things. You know, you're the new kid. That's now it's been your father. I'm a King Carol's on TV. Spin like a cradle. As it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the night, may of time, my mom, my case, okay? Hey, I'm so clever. Seven slabs of corn preaching. But ain't a lot of slime. And yet, uh, yeah. If you're tired of the old traditional slime, the holidays, here's the whole new tradition. You'll get tired of almost before you know it. You're a bad boy kid. And get them on sale. You know how we say to every fan. So let's come in. Oh, you, oh, Hanukkah Carol's on TV. It's the holiday collection. You just can't advance over. It's 144 or five sixty. WKQA, the reason I play that right now is in honor of our good friend Sheila Jay Cohen, and North Miami Beach, who's a little bit slow, I guess. Sheila writes a letter to the editor this morning that says they put a little headline on it, because you know, they make up the headlines, reach your letter to the editor, these cute little headlines. Hanukkah items hard to find an area of stores at the headline, and Sheila writes, obviously in a state of great distress, I and many others are upset that Hanukkah merchandise is unavailable in 90% of the stores. Oh, Sheila, I've lived here for 30 years, and this is the first time that I can't find anything to separate a few paper items. Why should stores have three or more aisles of Christmas merchandise, and nothing for Hanukkah, which happens to be to be for Christmas, ask Sheila. When I asked a manager in one story told me they do not carry Hanukkah things, or that they must be out of them, this borders on discrimination, say Sheila. Also, I've seen no advertising in any publications regarding Hanukkah, says Sheila Jay Cohen in North Miami Beach. While Sheila, I do understand you distress, first of all, you don't understand one basic thing. It's a glacier belt, okay? Now what that means Sheila, I think you do understand even the glam, I understand what that means. It's a glacier world, okay? And number two, you're at North Miami Beach, Sheila. I hate to break the news here, you made it the last one out of your block. But there aren't very few, the Jews are all gone, North Miami Beach. There's all spartures and holios, not Julios, Julios, you're North Miami Beach, Sheila. I hate to break the news here. If you look around, you see any Jews left? No, of course not. They've all moved to Boko, they moved to wherever they moved, okay? Some place else, but definitely not in North Miami Beach, spartures and holios. That's, and spartures and holios don't celebrate Hanukkah, okay? Sheila, so I'm sorry, I do understand you just me. It's a glacier belt and you're in the wrong part of town. We have two open lines in Dave County, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and five, 60, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'll tell you one thing, I find myself most amusing. Oh, even if these people don't understand what that I'm talking about, I find myself very entertaining and using even as arrogant and egotistical out of noxious as that sound. I'm kind of enjoying. They don't come! It's last few days, because if I want to hear the goddamn truth, I listen to the sound on my own voice. And every time I say, you know, FNA, that's right. I hear what I say, and I say FNA. You're looking at newspapers and they have that Q&A or an magazine. I do FNA, that's right. Where are we going? Here's a, and this thing would at that arena. I get, you know, something weighing, I apologize, they love it. They like crap, okay? They're very happy with the way you got it. All half ass and screwed up, they love it. And next time we have a flood by the way, don't put any drainage out there, because they like putting on their waiting boots. In fact, even when an evil in its dry, you got to put on your waiting boots to await you all the crap at the joint. Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale, hello. Hey, Neil, hey, don't. Great. I was at the Buffalo game and came up chat with you a little bit. My son and I had got up to Toronto. Right. To a real city. Yes, sir. But I wanted to chat to you about last night. I'm a season ticket holder. I set up a knee, nosebleed, 400s. Right. And I have to see the Panther Patrol starting at WAVE last night. Oh, are they the ones that started it? Yes, they were. And so, frankly, across, I'm going to start making a list of people that violate WAVE's hockey etiquette. And I'm going to start waiting for outside because to start away, that a hockey game is like a cardinal son. Can you believe that? That is un-freakin' believe. Foster, you were spinning in his grave land. I mean, by son and I had the opportunities to take in a Maple Leaf game a few years ago. Right. We're real fans watching. Can you imagine the people at Maple Leaf Gardens being the way even a hockey game? They would ride you out of there. Oh, my god. Real. Take your rest on the subway and send you anywhere. I could, but I happen to notice them starting and directly across from you. And the beauty is to my left that all serves season ticket holders. They're chiming in. And I said, do you have any idea what you're doing here? Oh, we're having fun. Yeah, well, this one. I'm not. They're having fun. That's right. I'm not trying to want to make a place. Waving and looking about, when I notice this guy watches very little of the game, by the way, he's not there to see the game. He's there to smooth see everything across the way. I think they're in there with everybody else. Oh, my god. I mean, if you don't realize, go to, you know, go sit out in the goddamn lobby and socialize it to big, spacious, spacious lobby with tables and chairs. Go sit out there and go back to, go in the tea room and socialize. Can I believe the people down here have no idea about anything about hockey etiquette? How every time the play comes down my end to the right behind the goal, they insist on standing up. Right. Not just a breakaway, not a fight. But just the normal play. And I told him inappropriate on excitement. And we're talking about it. Well, you know, I got news for you folks. If you all sit down, everybody can see. Right. So all the things are joy. That's right. And even up in the house, how about where you sit? Does the goal line is invisible for where you are? I would. Did you notice that the green light was on for about one third of the first period? No, I can't see that either. OK. Well, that's right, down. I mean, I'm looking right down and talking about SAS from where I was sit. And the green light was on. Yeah. The head of the first period. That was Dr. Rodes, a ton of our documents. That's a good idea. But I'm saying myself, what the hell's the green light doing on? Yeah. And then all of a sudden, the clock's broke. Yeah. Oh, we've got four minutes left. There's seven minutes on the clock. This is all one. Oh, yeah. That's right. They said, well, that's not one. Or another one. The channeling that went on for like about 100 minutes, yeah. We called out, in 15 times, with the time, the update of the time. And I said, oh, boy, this is a professional class organizing. Oh, boy. But to build this multi-million dollar state of the our facility, and have a clock that doesn't work. Well, just in case you haven't noticed, if you look around pal, listening to No. 2, I know. Okay. Okay. Just think, don't you have a notice? I'm clutching my passport, and I'm head back to Maple Leaf Gardens. Maybe I think I don't know. We'll see. Okay. All right. Take care of the great life. All right. Bye-bye around. They, okay. There you go. There's a guy who's been to a real place. See, if you've never been to a real game in a real place, then you think, hey, this is great. What's your all with you? When you always bitch it about? What's your all with you, man? We're having a good time. We have an open, are we having a good time? Yeah, you bet your sweet ass. Come on. Damn. Get out of there. Come on, let's go. Get into it. What you saw are push your, like, have an easier screw just the holidays. Come on, forget about all these details. Forget about the clock. Forget about the stupid little lights. In fact, I think what they ought to do is have like a pot stand. You don't want to stand? If they were just have a weed stand. Come on. At that joint, I'm sorry to use that. If they, at that place, then maybe we could solve all these problems. Everybody just light up a big fat one and we'll be oblivious. We won't have any idea what's going on out there, okay? And I'm sure the BM would like that a lot. We have an open line in Broward, 567560, 560 on the AT&T, where the fun. Why did you put take on there? I can't believe that. Did he just call? Are you doing this for the holiday? Is George sucking up to you or what? What? Did he put you on ahead everybody else? He's hanging on the wall. Huh? I just called. Why shouldn't I be? I'm damn it. That's what I'm saying. You just called. I got 800 other people that are on here. I've had a lot of weight. Okay. I was there. I was there. The last couple times you called, your material has been garbage, man. Let me, let me tell you. You have been weak. Oh, I've been feeling like driving real quick. Yeah. Why? Like crap. Yeah. I have to carry this to you. Maybe that carrot juice is coming back here. You know something for a guy? How old are you? 31. 31, right? 41. 41? Yeah, I've known you that long. No, seriously. He doesn't look 41, doesn't he? No. I didn't see this for a lot of 10 years. Oh, like I said, 10 years ago, he didn't look 41. He, I would see it looked about 31. So, 10 year. Yeah. You look 41, yeah. No, seriously. For a guy that said as many health problems, you don't look all, you know, that gun. It's been the same thing. Every brick and doctor has a different idea. But it's been the same thing. If either it was Lyme disease when I was a kid up in New York, up there by a stick or whatever the hell they want to call it. It's the same thing. You got a stick, yeah. Anyway. Let me tell you why I'm not going to get ticked. I took my life for the first time. When? It's my last night. Last night? Yeah, last night. And she wanted to come over. We saw you. She wanted to come over. Say, I just not. Last time we saw her, we interrupted you and Rimmer and Rimmer. Digger looked at the kill. I don't understand. Hey, listen to the good news. This is now Rimmer's way on the other side. Way upstairs. I don't get to see him. Hi, everyone. During the game, I don't have to go up there and have a fake conversation with him. The piss off, and he's potpant. That's the only reason he ever wanted me to go up there and talk to him between periods because he used to meditate that frog potpant. That's the truth. That's the only reason he used to bug me. I get up. I slept through all these people, father, then I go up there. Okay, what do you want? I had nothing to say. He just wanted the peer that we were, you know, conspiring or something because it pissed off the knees potpant. You could probably smell him from where you sat and you were the root of. Who did he? Oh, I can smell him from here. Where I don't know where he is, but I can smell him from here. But anyway, I'm on level looking right across that Rimmer from where I sit. When he reeds over the glare off the top of his head. Yeah. But anyway, my wife couldn't believe she was her first time. It's my amyory. Yeah. And with the buzzers going off the green light on for how long. How come we never have any problems in my amyory? I mean, what I can remember over five years, once in a blue moon, there might be a minor clock problem or there might be some little dinky, but generally speaking, but I just like clockwork, everything worked in there for five years. Why is that? But I got to say that five minute period in the first period that I'm going to take. That was some of the most exciting stuff I've seen. Right. Right. That made me need no matter what else. And then we want to put five power plug holes out of the six schools, which goes to surely if we can play on a power plug all the time, we might actually score some goals. You've got to give Rimmer credit, each pounded to Cerroly for how long. And Cerroly, if he was all. No, no, you don't understand. It's not even counting. Do you know is his personal buddy who buys them all the free meals? This kind of thing do with that. I mean, we all know that Dino's great when he's healthy, which is very often, but when he's helping up to get in there, he's great. He's a real guy. But that's not Rimmer's deal with Dino buys him a lot of meals. I got to say speaking of meals, I've learned chunks yesterday when I heard that woman call about Rimmer and his dad throw. Oh, I don't want to tell you who that was. I don't want to dignify. I don't want to talk about them. Okay. If I were to know who it was, I mean, she's got to get into a hobby. Who are the husband? They brought me a nice check for Senator One, which I appreciate. But get into a hobby. Okay, and stop at the Rimmer materials. God, ponders, one dimensional. In clothing? Yes, sir. Good. Good. Okay. Okay. Boy, somebody pulled a plug on him real quick. We have an open line of day two at Broward, 567, 0560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So we took a poll. Everybody was there last night's said, we're had we had a great time and Neil, you're an asshole. Okay. Thank you. I'll never do it again. I'll never go tend to be the spokesman because I'd your speak for my show. Okay. And being a miserable bad guy that I am, I guess you know, he's a lot to make me happy. 5 minutes till noon at 560 WQA, and if holiday shopping has become a real pain in the arse, yeah, I heard Ray Witton say arse this morning on the morning show. That was kind of cute. Nice going, Ray. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your brain. Any questions? Girl, are you lonely? Do you sit around weekend waiting for the phone to ring for you? Can you just talk to somebody? Can you only date after dark? Well, if you answered yes to these questions, you're probably a pig. If that's the case, don't stick your head in the oven just yet. We have a plan for you. Just call romance for the nearly blind. Our helpful, representative will find a compatible mate for you that is nearly or totally blind. Just one phone call to 1-800-I.C. Fuzzy, and you can be in the arms of the man of your dream. And you wear it's cool shame. So call today. Don't delay. That's 1-800-I.C. Fuzzy. From the end of the 5-60 WQA, I mean, as matter of fact, I did hear Ray Witton the one with the worst thing this morning, I heard the whole interview. And then I heard, of course, as usual, Joe's got to get the personal thing and actually met Ray's real friend soon to be wife. And I talked about how lovely she was and beautiful. Thank God Ray Witton has gotten only a pair, but a good sense of humor. Ray Witton has a pair. Because Joe's, I mean, Joe must not have much of a sex life at home. And I'm saying he must, because he seems to be getting a vicarious thrill to everybody else's. We have two open lines in day two and brow. You almost get the feeling he wants to watch Ray at his fiancee, you know, engage in the, yeah, in the act. I'll hang out for that. Two open lines in day two and broward. 5-670560, pound five 60 and a mobile one line. Call the group group. I think it's what it's called. Here's Del Ray B, chill out. What are you all proud of? Yes? I'm going to Grinch. You're going to Grinch, Lim? This summer would be the life. Yeah. Can't wait. OK, great. Have a good time. OK, there's a guy's going to rest. Oh, my God. One call after the board. One call after the board here this morning. Holy moly, we've been smoking along here like doing a real show. And all of a sudden, you just run with that brick wall. Every day, write about this time. We run into a goddamn brick wall. All elders, all day, baby. Oh, my God. Hey, this is the board. Go on and find it. Feel you much in the trash. Oh, oh. Hi, my. It's for you to prove to my soul. You're going to set me on fire. OK, that's just the morning. OK, seems to have worked. You should have been to work like match. It was better than threatening to put Mike Spindell on here doing trivia. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, New High, you're doing it. OK, sir. Man, I was at that game yesterday in Section 18. Let me tell you, it was the game from California. I had the leading next to me. I couldn't sit all the way back. So the goal side was full time this shot. I couldn't see all the sea or what they're back. And I couldn't say nothing. So I stayed quiet. And three guys rules up saying, let's go. Panthers. The whole game shut up. So finally, it gets a third period. I'm supposed to be with the clock. I'm just picked off screaming. I'm ramming and ranting on. The guy gets up until the night, but he wanted to shut up and look at the game. Oh, that's it. I got up. My friend hooked me down. It was incredible. How could you go to a game? And has this annoying guy behind you the whole time? They don't care. You understand it. They do things by rope. They like like after they called about a hundred penalties on auto one to first minute, we want to score in four rows. They finally start evening things out. They call one penalty on us. And all of a sudden these assholes to my right. They refuse to suck. And I'm taking them myself. They just gave us four goals. Okay. They just gave us four phantom goals. They're in five minutes. And you're doing a hey, refuse to suck. It's like they're automatons. You know, like a little bell goes off. They automatically respond. I'm going to say that clock thing was just the most annoying thing. And I don't know. He was embarrassing. And then I'm looking over where you're sitting. I thought I was right across the pitch. I want 18. Right. And there's you. You're among us guys sitting in front of you with this black shirt. And like for me, I don't think you can see it. No, no, there wasn't a huge guy sitting in front of me. This guy's not a big guy. This guy is just a guy who doesn't care that the rest of us want to watch the hockey game. And he's waving the people. He's got his arms up in the air. Like after the game. And he's talking to people standing in the aisle. While the game is going on. And I just I've just reached the point where I can't deal with it. There's too much left in the season. I'm not going to put up with that crap. I had to open the door to lying behind me. I had like five kids jumping on the chairs. One kids taking my chair. Yeah. I think that everybody should be forced to there. They don't have like a nursery section. Everybody drop off your little punky kid and nursery and keep mud of our posts. Think of the families of their scent anyways. Exactly. Take them to the bar and put them on a bar stool. Exactly. Okay, pal. I mean, you know, you don't want to alienate the people who sit around. Yeah, I did see Andy the whale across there. We see Andy all the time. Nice going, Andy. He looked a little pie. I about the third period is usually a good guy. Didn't see any of the other people that we used to sit with. Didn't see the Kleinberg's last night over there. I did see Dr. Mark. That's Dr. Mark number two, by the way. But boy, oh boy, you're just, I don't know. Not like he used to be. Here's Fort Laudale. Hello. You know what's your problem with your job? Okay, Woody. Don't be lessen. Don't waste your time calling me every day with the same whiny obnoxious boy. Okay. Yesterday he's daughter, Matthew is boyfriend. He's going to come down here with Joe Rose's brother and long. Take my ass and today he's what's your problem? What's your problem? Okay. Can't find a guy damn life. Huh? They got a search party looking between your legs and can't find anything but a smooth spot. Is that the problem Woody? Or whichever chronic that was? The QAM band is there. Oh, the QAM band. Now it's University in Broward University in Broward. University in Broward. North East corner shell station. Exactly what I thought it would be great. That's going to be a great place for us. But in the United States, Dickers, Dolphin T-shirt. You're mumbling again. Mm-hmm. Dolphin T-shirts and what are we doing in the boat? What is it? What are we doing with those? Telling them, hopping them. Everything's 20 bucks. Or they can just drop some money off and not take anything. Okay, great. So we got the best in the LCDs and cassettes. We got the best in the Neal T-shirts and Dolphin T-shirts. 20 bucks a pop for center one. Or you can just drop off a check donation cash whatever Chris read will take it. And he's right at the Northeast corner of University in Broward in the QAM band right now at the shell station. You know, right next to the animal hospital that I don't go to any more on-sar. Right across from the convenience store where several of the plantation cops hang out doing the coffee all night late in the Omsar. Good spot there. Right kitty corner across from the Broward Mall University in Broward. Go buy in the LX-rays a few thousand a day. Come on. Get with it. Open line of day one in Broward 560560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pohoki. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I was a guy I came by and said about a five second hello to you last night. I gave you a check for 25 bucks for that. Thank you. Yes, sir. Thanks very much. There was a lady in front of me. Now this is got to be what's wrong with this town. This is a nut shell. This lady in front of me last night when the clock went out. Yeah. You looked at her husband. How are we going to know when to leave now? I was died. What did you do notice then? Again, that was getting more and more nervous and excited. Like, it got to be five five and like everybody left. Like five thousand of us left with five minutes after the game. I don't understand. What is the purpose of going? And then of course you say to yourself obviously because it was something to do with it. I don't know if you can't really care that much about it. I know interest there understanding your passion for it. And it's time to go by by, you know. I look over my wife. I said a lot of that you could hear. I said how about when the game's over. And they don't turn around. Look at me like I could like they could have just killed me. Like a black eye with some kind of an ass. I still don't get it. I don't understand these people. I mean, what's the point of going? I know. If you don't care who wins your loses or what he outcome is. I can understand, you know, if it was five nothing. Okay, I believe in after the second period of time. I've nothing. Even with us, you know, we can't vote that leading the third period. I don't think almost did. No, but well, it was never five nothing. All right. If Mel and people would have gotten that stupid penalty and wouldn't he would have gotten his other goal in a would have been? Well, that's all I got. Okay, pal. Hey, talk to you. See you. And thanks again. You have some very nice people came by with church last night. And one guy was 40. No, two guys with 20 bucks in cash. And yes, sir, the cash did get into our set of one thing. Okay. I'm sure that there are some people that go to each other. Give them cash. Trust me. Okay. I'm making. So I didn't have to steal the $40. Okay. You can trust me with your cash. Trust me with just about anything, all right? All depending on what you look like. It's eight minutes after noon at 5.50. WCWM. You want a great pair of shoes. One place you can be guaranteed. You can't miss brand issues in Pompatopee. They've been helping everybody in town fit and walk around like a real men's for over 19 years now with the best in how does styles and with the best brand names and unbeatable prices to a combination that's unbeatable. I'll just go buy a pair of shoes and some little Mon and Pop, a shoe store on a street corner. You'll be walking around like a rumple stills. Okay. You want to walk around in real comfort and style. It's brandies where you'll find over 30,000 pair of famous names shoes in the hottest styles going. Floor shines. Subago, deft, your Boston, your Echo, EG spirit, Clark's SAS. They got them all. They're the largest retailer of rock port shoes in the entire state of Florida. So get your feet and you're assing the brandies. Let their experience death help you fit you up right with a great looking and great sitting pair of shoes. Brandies at 1290 federal highway in Poppo Beach where you can drive your car right up to the front door or call them at 9.5. 4 9.4 39667. If they have to special order some 40 no problem they'll do it in the left or charge. You'll be walking around in those great new shoes in no time at all. Great shoes, great selection and unbeatable prices always waiting for you at Brandies in Poppo. Okay. Thank you. It's a lot of time after the noon at 5.60 WCW and we have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, seven, an stark out of the bunch in person would go to start a twenty ninety six week have a fee wai assist for the release, will really be sunrise magazines. So they will create transfer of kicks. But they're done every hour to give them some cash if they took money. They're corrupt. But they, it's open because it is better. It's powerful for the win over when they should put these fates. Famous one for Josh for cash, just wants to cheat. between all the borders eight stores and between the the checks that are you know coming in the mail dribbling in yet dribbling is what they're doing. To a WQM center one two oh two nine five Northwest Second Avenue Miami three three one six nine make the check out the center one in any amount. And what did I leave out in the website and the end calling us center one directly five six four five six three three six hundred put all that together and if we can't raise an average of a grain today these last twenty one days before the new year then there's something really really one in this down. Here's my me lakes fellow. Meal yes how you doing sir great. You know some electrical problems are having down there the arena might actually be. glitches in the electrical engineering so they might have to do some major reconstruction which means you won't see improvement probably the next season if they're working on it really. Yeah yeah. It's a lot of that wiring. Oh my god. I love that wiring runs through the walls which means they have to break it down and all that comes to find out that the goal-like problem is because they've got that angle or tilted or they've got a wrong so that people sitting on one whole side of the place can't even see it so that's not an electrical problem. And additional which outcome how come it's only the time situation that they got a problem with all the other graphics and the really complicated stuff that pictures up there on the year school board they never go out there finding all the ads that they put up there that works great. Well I really don't know how I've been down there but I know that you know some of those problems could be because of the wiring which is internal. That would be a problem. Well let's just tear the thing down build it over here. All right you'll take care. Okay I don't cost another 200. But let you know inflation is probably up to 250 million by now. We'll just tear the sucker down and start all over again. Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Let me say it again it's been part of this whole on beyond. A vast hole's making ten and fifteen and twenty million dollars a year who can't even spell their goddamn name right. And the public supposed to subsidize it and then the public supposed to subsidize the building all these aren't even stadium. So we want to stay near man we want to you know and then you go ahead and do it and they give you a half as the product not acceptable okay maybe all these other bump forkers out there maybe it's acceptable to them but it is not acceptable to. And that's the only damn thing that counts okay so guys get your ass to get you right together over there with your place. Look I'm hallucinating like I'm fantasizing like I'm just making things up. Bush league baby. Here's pumping over hello. Yes sir. I know I wouldn't call it a problem but I know that which your personal opinion is of Dennis Potter. What do you think of him as a player in his day? He was great. He was a great player. Well there are a lot of great players who are asshole. Absolutely. He was a person. He's an asshole. Yeah but as a player he was a great he's a hall of flamer. I thought it was going to ask. Do you think he would have been as a person I think you know he's a dumb frog which a lot of books with your dirty. You know he he adds nothing to the telecast I mean there's no question about that. He doesn't even understand the game when you listen to him talk on a TV. So he has nothing. I was just wondering what you felt about him. That was the worthy of the hall of fame. Oh absolutely. I definitely consider him. Reference defenseman has to be the game but he's also dumb Jack. I want to know is too. Would you say top 10 all time defenseman? Oh I said if you just include a fenceman sure. That's the fenceman. Yes sir. Okay I just wanted to know the great player but like I said before a lot of great players were you know just dumb Jack. If an open line had brought it to a date 5 6 7 5 6 and 5 6 and 5 6 the other mobile. But what kind of person you know what would say the things that he says on the year? Like I throw really. Yeah what kind of a intelligent person would say that on the year and then sit there like with a straight push while rumors trying to scrape himself up off the floor you know what kind of an asshole birds that out on a broadcast on television no less. Even on radio we don't say that but on television to say. I throw really really. I mean you're dealing dumb frog. Okay. Two openings in date if you move real quickly 5 6 7 5 6 and 5 6 and 5 6 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. So I think you have any interest in the TV program like on channel 40 with the Panthers because last night on the period of second period we missed the last five minutes to the game no audio nothing just a picture of the cap. But the panther that was it. Why is that? I don't know. And then they came back on three new mission that's been sorry about the difficult things. I don't understand how that's possible because they were shown right there on the screen in front of us. Yeah I was talking at home watching last night and I missed the last but say four minutes and 30 seconds of the second period. So you did all of the second period. Right. Second period. Well you're the first person to call about it to the rest of these people must have been in the coma. Maybe they went out for 20 or 30 more periods at that time. No I'm just saying at home when I was watching a two more. I'm going to work channel way in on sports channel. So you put all out together and fits right in at times in perfectly like a rubber glove. I just want to point that. Okay. Also the news. They may not be good but at least they're consistent. They're technically in F. So they ought to be all working over here I guess. We're up to a whopping $20 that they cue in the end of the patient. And Chris says that they buy anything. They will give you a dump in T-shirt for free. For some other words what you're saying is we're starting out very, very slowly is what you're saying over here. 100. Well but isn't that the way these things always start out see what Chris has got to understand when we go to one of these locations with the fan. This happens every time we do this is that you know people are not all gathered around on that street corner unfortunately. There are people who are like in various parts. Isn't this happen every single time? And they have to drive a milder two miles in the middle of this holiday shopping and same traffic. And then they'll get there. And everybody who get the so he give a dump in T-shirt to anybody and everybody who buys any of our best of stuff and comes up with the 20 bucks which is great. And we've also got some DNA bumpers figures and the needle pins and other stuff that we've got that nothing to do with QAM thank God. We've got all that stuff over there to QM van and Chris is starting to get impatient. He's getting itch again over there okay corner University the Northeast corner University in Bauer right there by the Shell Station the big QAM van which is so conspicuous and obvious. Where are you people okay we're starting to get real concerned about this aren't we? Yes we are. We're starting to get real impatient we want you over there now we want your money now God damn it. You're right there ought to be a line there to be lined up there like if we're giving away free gas. Well let's just make that up okay I think we want to do that they might not let us come back and use their office early. Yeah well how about this kind of free gas there you go we'll give you some of that. Two open lines in on the board I don't want to say in day because if see that's my problem that is one of the problems I've been doing that for 11 and a half months now and I'm not right it's just somewhere right because they just pop up over the hell we pop up like a zip they just pop up anywhere. Five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the mobile one line we pay for it here's a mobile and hollywood hello. Hey Neil how are you great quick track alert mini van overturned on I've something five and five and there's per piece everywhere. Oh great okay thanks for the good news. What open line it whatever that is okay five six seven I got to stop doing that that's I'm creating part of my own problem I keep doing that and that's a bad mistake Mr. You see you make it a lot of bad mistakes it's almost a new year make a resolution right now you're going to stop making these bad mistakes coming on this morning in the building it can about the truth telling it like it is about that macaroon about that two million dollar disaster. It looks great don't get me wrong it looks beautiful it is spanking it is I mean just immaculate but nothing works. Oh see there you go you're a prick. Here's plantation hello. Yes sir but stocking stuffers for your discs and CDs and best of that great great idea to get a bunch of stuff and you know getting to the kid getting to the neighborhood whatever stuff on that's right. I stuffers something you talked about yesterday didn't get through because it was busy people were jumping all of them down on the lines and something you said really hit me about the basketball players and their charity and their millions and dollars and their $400 million dollars and I don't know. Yeah security for themselves the shirt against 15% need to be up all the rest what a great charity that is. You know one of the things that minor league baseball did that worked really well when the baseball players were striking his stuff. He really have your basketball Jones and you really want to see some ball and I know this sounds self-serving because I haven't a teacher at a local college but these schools the Palm Beach community college FYU FAU they have 500 people 800 people go they're playing good basketball the kids play their hearts out go go watch a college game for nothing or for a couple of bucks and that's what people ought to do. And I know that these other guys with these stupid phony exhibitions they act like they're a whole bunch of there's a whole class of people in America who can't survive without seeing them and they're definitely and they're somehow we can't survive without them. And I can't get that how can you feel for these people that make this kind of money? I don't you can't you can't possibly unless you're a moron unless you're a mass against the public relations behind it is so super finally dumb that they haven't done something better than what they're doing. Right. One more thing. Another another one to Supreme Court intervene by the way to see that they want to Supreme Court is if we don't have enough other inequities and problems in America now they're asking for Supreme Court that's what Elijah wants is today he says the Hawking we say and we want to Supreme Court to intervene and straighten this mess up. I mean it just unbelievable. They're around a virgin in the goddamn president in peace for getting a blow job and then the Supreme Court says oh sir and it's the Supreme Court supposed to be worried about about the 7th of the 3rd year NBA. Oh it's the same as the priorities in America again man. And you know they do have to smart people doing marketing for these folks how can they advise their management how can they good as good public relations people not advise their management what they're doing to themselves. Right. Well hey listen now more power to help they keep it up and hope everybody just gets paid up and say back to them. And before my material runs out last year I had called you in reverse sympathetic about these bunch of boat scammers that took about 30 40 people for their all their boat and their money and and Broward County and just should know that finally the state's attorneys office after two years arrested all these croaks and gonna put them away I get all right. A bunch of us that lost their money but still the state only only regulates people who sell boats under 30 feet that means people that sell yachts people that buy yachts they get regulation on dealers but we we folks who buy the little fishing boats and stuff we get we can get screwed in the state doesn't do anything about it it's really a crime. Welcome before to man. All right man. Okay. Okay. We have 72 open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Even Elvis is he slim and how do you like that? I don't want to get those people off set again the one different calling you off the area that they get inside caught a oh dear him say that about the king not Elvis. I had a guy come up to me last that who I used to live in Memphis. Who told me that every time his friends were coming to town they would slip in they would force and he said actually it's a great thing but not for the reason that those people go there he says it's a freak show all these two close old bags these fat old trailer park trash you said that's really the majority of what shows up there. Great land so you people can call me in life through your teeth and tell me about all the hot babes that are there and what a great time it is and man this is you know. I'd rather go to the saw grass you know and send the wander around and try to figure out what everybody's doing there what the big attraction is I'd rather do that than waste my time go to grace land to see the king king in a box. I'd rather go to jack in a box and get a guy then he call I burger than go see the king in a box. Here's a mobile in four lottery. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. I was scanning the band last time heard a live off they got EST and radio on the day they changed their format on where on the live ball blast night 14 hours. I have no idea. Oh yeah you want to pick that thing up at night. Well it was across the street. Yeah oh yeah they changed their format a few months ago they I know what they're doing. Well thanks for the big news. Okay Dick Farco got fired at the BZT and Palm Beach. They're concerned they're going to be back to the one mornings on the stupid talk network and I and Z and work what's your name? Babbling Brook is going to be doing Captain was driving over there. Oh that's that people's your man this guy. And you know this Charles Kennedy the Republican on the Jewish year committee the ball tent of geek with the glasses. If P and P bulls your aren't identical twins. Because every time I look at him I say to myself he's an asshole and I think a P bulls your right away. I mean I don't know if Charles Kennedy is a backstabber because we know that P bulls your right addition to being a piece of an asshole. Also a real chronic backstabber and liar in the piece of garbage but other than that. Where are we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah sir. I went to the uh went to the macarina last night. Yes. Good morning three year old son. I go up to the counter my uh soda and some food and a couple of tears. Yeah. By the kitty soda for two bucks. Right. You know my phone three years only can't take that much soda. Lady tells me well we don't have any tops for that soda. I said wait a minute. I thought you guys that tops for soda sushed as well. We do but it's for the you know three twenty five soda. Right you only if you don't you know if you spend out of three bucks you're not going to give me no live that's right. Yeah you know I started to stand there for 15 minutes because we while she finds the right cup for soda in there get the top for it. You know and then then I need you to warm beers for ten bucks. Right. It's amazing. I'll tell you that plays such a such a scam. Yeah then I never even other than go take a leak. I never go in a hallway because you know the idea of going and getting in at that over price lookworm garbage food is so ludicrous to me. I mean I just not interested in being raped this year you know. They exactly and bought a team. But it wasn't for that five minute time. We were again blown off the ice last night. Yeah thank you for that and I'll tell you for what an audible plane in Tampa the night before. See me get lucky very often because a lot of these teams and the schedule favors us because usually when they come down a floor to for the two games back to back they play in Tampa first and then they play here the second night back to back as opposed to off that had often saturday and it was very obvious to me that they were really out of gas out of what but then once we let them start getting back into the game they kind of got interested again and then your bullet was a pretty embarrassing. Yeah and thank God for that. Okay see you. So how we we up to 40 bucks yet over there what? Well sure it's not me he gets a little overreactive Chris will get some people over there maybe and if not then we can let you in as okay but don't you're up there in like 30 seconds later we only got 20 bucks okay like 30 minutes later we only got 20 bucks then we're gonna go up there and give them hell and raise some real havoc. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on an old old online 12 26 at two anywhere. Where did you find Dead Cappeloan? Why where you got it? 4885 60 susmerite, and acronyms are likely, interactive. I ran to Crappy Little Country. That's like some foundation of space. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking, Jubby. And throw up the whole goddamn space. And throw up the whole goddamn space. And throw up the whole goddamn space. And throw up the whole goddamn space. And throw up the whole goddamn space. And throw up the whole goddamn space. A squid. The straw is out of secret. H, idiot. Organicated mud. The ch<|jw|> been rand bycol what are you doing? O, K, I'm17. Who have a squid. I'm Seven, The Best F babies there. I'm Seven, The Best F babies there. Who have one. Three, The Best F babies there. Loosed, Delicated mud. Theyuded flexing for Max and James Who has one with that bowl. I'm not a f**k! Psalm 31 and Psalm 50. The other two of them are the reason I play that. Somebody f**ks is me something relatively cute, I think. Saddam Hussein and Bill Clinton, you got been bagged at for the first rounds of talks in a new piece process, when Bill sits down, he notices three buttons on the side of Saddam's chair. They begin talking after about five minutes, Saddam presses the first button. A boxing glove springs out of the box on the desk and punches Clinton in the face. Confused, Clinton carries on talking inside him last. A few minutes later, the second button is pressed. This time a big boot comes out and kicks Clinton in the O's shin. Again, Saddam laughs and again, Clinton carries on talking, not wanting to put the bigger issue off of a piece between the two countries. But when the third button is pressed another boot comes out and kicks Clinton in the private, he's finally had enough knowing he can't do much without functioning well, then I'm going back he tells the Iraqi will finish these talks in two weeks. A Fortnite pass is in Saddam five to the US for talks. As the two men sit down who say notices three buttons on Clinton's chair and prepares himself for the Yanks revenge. They begin talking and bill presses the first button, Saddam ducks but nothing happens. Clinton's knickers. A few seconds later, repress to the second button, Saddam jumps up. But again, nothing happens. Clinton roars with laughter. When the third button is pressed, Saddam jumps up again, again nothing happens. Clinton falls on the floor of the fit of his Derek. Forget this, Saddam. I'm going back to Baghdad. Clinton says through tears of laughter, what Baghdad? All right, now right there you go. Kick their ass baby. Long ahead of the Stone Age. By the way, Bob, the link and I usually avoid mentioning these taxes he sends me. But I just do mention this because this is pretty astonishing for people that are looking for some place to go on their holiday week. They got Christmas week the New Year's off. There's a special from Martin there. You can fly from Miami to Amsterdam, Round Trip, Coach of course. Good 99 bucks. Leaves from Miami, December 24, 25th and 26th returned December 30th, 34th, January first New Year's day. Wow, but must be taken by the authority, December 11th. So maybe you want to call Bob Lincoln. Should I give him a plug George? Nine? Well, I'll get another one of those travel books if I do I guess. I'll give him more of those that can fight him. Bravo. Or drop a big one. Oh, let's see. What is it? Nine, four, seven, oh, 262 Bob Lincoln at the link travel. The appaling travel. And he's got all the details he can hook you up. Trip to Amsterdam, Round Trip, 199 bucks. It'll be a little on the chilly side, but you'll warm up real fast over there. I assure you, for our Christmas 2 New Year's day. Okay, we have 20 open lines on the board 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Mobile in Davy. Going once. Going twice. I guess they're horse ran off. Here's a mobile in high allia. Hello. Mongon, okay. Now, the one call on the board, the all the, the of these people are Spastic, baby. They're Spastic. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. How are we doing over there at the Shals station, by the way, on the University in Broward, on Northeast Quarter there in Plantation. Getting in the updates, maybe Chris is too busy, peddle and merchandise and taking checks to give any updates. We hope. We pray. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Oh, good. Yes, sir. Unfortunately, this portion is on your sucks. I'm not even going to talk about that. I just wanted to bring up something to you. I don't know if you know this. It involves Jones obviously, but you know that if you are caught with, at the gets more than four hits of acid, it's considered a conspiracy to overthrow the government. Yeah, I'm on. Yeah. I had no clue. I had no clue. I'll cop it, pull me over. I mean, you didn't catch me with anything, but I had acid because the front told me about the acid. Yeah. And I asked the top, he says, yes. And I said, why is that? He says, because at any time, you can slip it into Clinton's meal or drink. Right. You don't have any along-distance away. That's correct. I guess I'll tell you. Number one. And it's like 30 years and jail, 30 years to life. And it's a conspiracy to overthrow the government. And if you have Dennis Lerry, I could in the car, and see that name Lerry, they're going to get real nervous to. I think that's 60 years if you have both. OK, 17 open lines and date 560550, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's another, by the way, I went to mention this yesterday, what was in the paper letter in the editor, which I never missed them because there's always one or two gems, usually on a ridiculous side. Steven Verady in Atlantis. Where is Atlantis? Is there a place down here called Atlantis? The water park, but I didn't know that. No, no, this is a place. Like, or allegedly, maybe even Stephen Zilin in Atlantis. Maybe it's right next to Uranus. He says I was pleased to attend the Florida Panthers wonderful November 20 second hockey game against the Philadelphia Flyers. Well, I wasn't really that wonderful, I was Stephen because we lost a game, but nevertheless, hockey is an intrametially violent game with a certain amount of physical contact built under the rules and regulations. This second understand, he says. But I'm bothered to see how excited and animated the fans become when they're fighting on the ice. Well, OK, you got to point. However, here's the best part of Stephen's letter. I hadn't really bothered when at the beginning of the game, the mascot comes out of the ice with a dummy of the opposing team and pounds and hammers it in a gratuitously violent matter. The dummy gets trampled and eventually its head comes off. The mascot then kicks the head off the ice to wild-sharing applause. Is this not an incitement to violence or riot? Is this what fans want their children to see? Oh, appreciate. And we've been to the fabric of their lives. Oh, welcome to America, Stephen. And Atlantis wherever you are, OK? Sixth even get a little bit carried away. I mean, he's starting to pick on, you know, on the Panther mascot now. What is his name? Oh, I'm sorry, Stanley C. Panther. See, I got to answer all my own questions today. That's something you should know about. I should know about the family's defense. Of course, you don't have to be a hockey fan in those Stanley C. Panther. I mean, if you're Stanley C. Panther or Todd Rungren, take your pick or Todd Tongue on Channel 10, one of the other. Who is Todd Tongue? Is a mobile implantation, hello, Brian Orchrist? Hello. Hello, man. I'm just a little bit older. Good. This was borders. I'm sorry. Just look at Chris or Ruby. Shell Station. You're the one. I was 180. I was the one. I was the one. I was the one. I was the one. I was the one. Right. Thank you. Got a bus. Got my CD. Got a free T-shirt. Got my B. I'm a button. It was painless, I bet. That's beautiful. Just walk right in. And then I pick up some great advice. That's why we like it. I was in the border. I was out here in the center. I was just in there a couple of days ago. It was a look for some for CD. Usually they have a nice little display up there. Somewhere and you can find the stuff walking there. Give them money to walk out. Yeah. Walking a couple of days ago. And stuff. No display. It's not the end of the counter. Nope. Why do you look by the counter? You say not it's a center aisle by the. No, I think they got a right behind the counter. Now, see, you can't miss it. You know, if you're, you know, I think. I got an S somebody and she got a drug. I was more interested in trying to come up with a couple of coffee or something. Uh-huh. Well, they better get the racetrack. Not because we're going to be there Saturday, December 19th. We can Saturday and they better be here. We're from noon to two and they better really be on top of it. We hope. Yeah, otherwise we'll turn it down. There we go. Thanks for your help, pal. Okay. So there you go up to 180 bucks. That's pretty meager. We ought to have a line out there at University in Brow. That's a real heavy busy intersection there. That's a great spot to be right kidding corner from the Broward Mall. Everybody's out shopping. Everybody's driving around. Stop over there for a couple of minutes and come up with some cash for us. Okay, for centre one. I mean, if he goes out there today and wasted his time for less than 500 bucks, I'm going to be pissed off. Chris is going to be pissed off. We're going to be fired up and pissed off. Okay. So let's get with it. 180 bucks. That sounds like nine people so far. That's not like a, you know, like a, it's like last night. One of the, one of the guys in the arena, the issues are very nice to me. They know who I am. They asked me, you know, these pinnets, people, you might have to come and say, hello, get an autograph. I say, no, they're all very nice final problem. So one of them, who was like one of the hot shots come down to me. He, uh, late in the first period. He says, a lot of people have checks for you and we've told him, uh, your seat location is that okay. That's it. You're a great. So I expected when the first period ended and then maybe when the second period, I thought I have a lot of 100 people there. I thought we're going to raise about five grand last night. And again, I think that people did show up, but was it like a tremendous, oh, no, was not. You know, you saw how many checks I brought there, like, you know, seven or eight, including a two or three four hundred bucks a piece. So it wasn't like there was some gigantic groundswell, but you have to keep pushing and prodding and squeezing and begging and sooner or later, maybe we'll get there. Twenty-four one, it's five fifty, WQM. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. Oh, right. I'm going to wish them a merry Christmas. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to score some pot. I'm going to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Please get my hands. Oh, please get my hands. Please get my hands. They come to skate it all like I got. You've heard. Please get my hands. Oh, right. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Are you sure? I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Oh, 46 is 5. So I give out Bob Lincoln's number. Try to be a nice guy and come to fight out. Somebody who was dying to go to Amsterdam at holiday time and take advantage of that. Well, now you don't have a special for Martin there. They call the number. We call the number two. Oh, I'm sorry. But whatever the deal is, so what's the story on that? Try to give it a little plug there, Bob. I can get you a little bit of business. But that number has been disconnected. It's out of order. What are the recordings saying? It said your video at you. You suck. And the number call is number again. Okay, here's the toll free number from Martin there. If you want to book the record them and avoid Bob because I'm trying to help the iPod. Don't hold against me. I gave out a number that I don't know what to deal with. Martin here is toll free number is 1 800. 627 84 62. You must book it by tomorrow. By the way, the deadline. So thank God he facts me this today. You want to go to Amsterdam for Miami, depart December 24, 5 or 6 and return December 30, 31st in the first, which is like a holiday week. Boy, what a great way. Give yourself a holiday. If $199 bucks round trip in coach, of course. Okay, where we go? Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. I'm the officer. I got a party for you. Yes. From Belgrade. Yeah. He said he's digging and he'll be out before Christmas. Who? Why did he do speak up? Juan Hazus is me. His sweetest. Oh, flatus. Okay. Now you get the name right. Nice try. What up to 320 by the way. All right. We're up to 320. Let's hear it. They're in the corner of University in Brown. I like I said, I want 500 of Chris has to stay there till 3 in the morning. What are you laughing about? He's got nothing else to do. If he stays there till this time tomorrow is a matter of fact, we're going to get 500 bucks out of YouTube. Back to the last guy. The same thing we do. In fact, the more the merrier on our way to us, we're going to have to come up with creative ways to goose up. So we make sure we get that thousand bucks a day. Because we can't count just that those people down there in the growl to go to borders. And what is that all about? You know, back in the beginning of this thing, back out to over one. I started looking at the individual stores to see, you know, candle was kicking and plantation was kicking ass. But the growl of all places, man. 40 bucks two weeks ago. And then last week, 140 bucks, one of the very low. I mean, boiting and boiting and bocco. Well, bocco, we're doing pretty good. Boiting, we don't be understand. How many listeners have we gotten Palm Beach County eight? And boiting beaches, exactly like right in the heartland of the boroughs to the action is okay. But coconut growl. Uh, maybe Jack Campbell's got everybody like a locked up in his house or something. Let's get going on there. Okay. And a growl that borders and get with the program. You check asses, you silly clowns. I want to say queen silly clowns. And you people from the other side of the tracks, we know you got your money. We want some of it, okay? We want some right now in a money, too. So it's 380 you said, is that what you said? So let me add, I'm keeping this thing right up today. Like we do it. Huh 320. All 320. You don't keep carried away, fat. So okay, sorry. 79,246. I mean, that's right up to the at this moment, except the course within the stores and what's on the internet. So you know them well we're over 80 you can start smelling it once we get to 90 then you can smell it real good You know I'm saying and then once we get to like about 9 a little over 90 grand then you know that that's when we'll get the phone call from Naples and the Beesley people will say okay whatever you're sure whatever you come up sure from that 100 grand deal because we What it what do you laughing about George is in there he's laughing so how do you just roll over on a floor he's like a grab and so Why do you find that so amusing don't you think that these people are gonna do that? No If we come up like five six grand sure wouldn't it be the beautiful thing of the Beesley Don't you remember that day several months ago When which one was it Bruce B's I don't know they all looks the same they'll smell the same he's been here in the doorway and Dreaded break you stuck and said in the door shift my hand Thanks for what you've done for WM and was great ratings and you're just great and it's at a and even over there on seven seven and four miles you're listening right now For which I get paid nothing and Well and believe me we're earning it But I mean you know and how come I didn't make sure that thing you wanted me to do for a week or forgetting Well, that's not morning. No, we won't do it afterward. We'll do it tomorrow morning. Okay. Huh? Well, Tony it's only the 10th of December We have time. Yeah, I'll say happy holidays tomorrow are all you've come on Easter for and tell me something like that on you redneck They love us a little in four miles because it's their only contact with reality and if you think this down is reality Can you also believe the Beesley's are gonna come up with that filling that breach? They might fill in the breach but I don't have to breach your thinking about Now we'll find some people. We'll give bet you will find some high rollers out there and by the way By the way Speaking of chief people that haven't donated the dime that keeps threatening give me a donation to set a one I'm racked by brain. I don't want to well, you know make any accusations I'm trying to think if a certain person I know who's losing his hair and is out getting the a news people is bathroom every morning out there and calls bring or whatever They can huh Has the rim man come up with a check yet? No, and it judges life a harder now The one I mentioned the bees me's coming up with some cash. Oh, rim a river come up with any money yet for set or one No, God almighty what oh my god I'm not demanding a lot all I request is to check from him for center one any amount of the meal to the Cruella of the meals that I bought for Rimmer in his wife over the last five and a half years now George is on the floor Ping on the floor. He is actually ping on the floor. Where's the other room, okay? I mean What could that be? More what four or five grand? How that gives us a big goose. I bet you that check will be here before you know it Jeff Remer and what about the knees pot that huh? I mean, you know if he knows what's good for him. It doesn't want me to rip money here And you won't play that pot then strong that we play every now and then you think that he cop up with four or five hundred big shooter like him Hall of flame I don't get it how about somebody in the organization over there and You know something you can say whatever you want Rimmer about the beezer But the beezer I remember when we did that thing at Pompito Park the beezer was a guy that did a lot for charity Okay, in fact, I think he helped us out when you was whatever we were doing Yeah, he don't don't you remember when you're he donated a jersey? He's not yes That's right. We got a lot of cash for that for our fundraiser from the beezer. How do you like that Rimmer? You've phony baloney you cheap skate The beezer you cannot come all you want and yes, you did play a cracky game a couple of nights ago But at least for quite an allow he helped us out How about the Panther organization? How come we don't have like a whole bunch of Panther Jerzy's two-oction off you know him's saying stuff like that for raise money for sent a one. We're meant to be great huh I mean we we need some assistance. Okay. We need some help as required. I would say I need some help in these last 21 days That sounds exactly the three weeks right to the day to me to raise another 20 grand And we're coming up with all kinds of creative and neat and useful and good ways to do it and we're squeezing it very slowly and gently We're squeezing it and the money to here's Kendall. Hello I know there. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I want to go off and force for this one. Please and we do that I want to get this right because I can't believe what I read what is that? In you know, during the year the past election in the House of Republicans got spammed. Yes, let's take a look at what up you all Oh, yeah, let's take this out on the Candidates one superior court judge from North Carolina, Lois, who they have they get elected up there Not like here. They're right. Are you talking about the guy that came out of the closet? He came out of the closet And not only does he profess his being born again, yeah, which they you know They slapped him for that and when he came out of the closet after he lost He said that he betrayed the party and they're in that he's fired. How do you fire somebody for the party? Right, he's fired from the Republican party. But you know that there's there's no fact North Carolina Well, I didn't do that very well, but anyway, that's okay But they use these people faculty North Carolina. That was bad. But the figures how can these people? They say they're tolerant who says they're tolerant? They do Republicans say they're tolerant. No, you don't understand intolerance is like the first word in their credo That's right up there on the top of the list. That if you last rock bar. Yeah. Oh, yeah Okay, that's the torch land of Boral. It's okay pal. Swing us when that passport right in your left hand We have an open line in one place one open line in another place. We got lines all over the goddamn place 5 6705 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line We got the award winning Hank Goldberg show with two o'clock. We got the books. They missed the orange had it six We got any cap on for all you really get a Rick Amber's out there as the encloser and closer to this big football We can't oh my god They're out there squeezing themselves and you know, I don't understand why it is I don't want to MS with that morning show all of somebody needs to I don't want to mess with that show But why do they keep talking about Dave got a jet fan every day? Did little dogs this morning was saying he calls them every day what he does and does the same stupid stuff and every day Joe tells him about you know his brother-in-law's gonna beat him up and meet him by sure Let's statue and all of a sudden crap Remember when we first started hearing he had that old fossil down there in key west. What was his name? And then he tried to call me that one day and I finally succeeded nice go a nail God in a convincing them that he was a terminal boring caller just like David the jet fan, okay? Tell David the jet fan And put you up a little bit okay, man. That's your rose We have an open line in Broward 5 6705 50 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line 1256 on your neurotic station 5 60 W Q AM The Neil Roger show now on 5 60 W Q AM Miami Fort Lauderdale You're going to step to one at five 60 W Q AM happy Thursday from all your good pie zones over here at the neurotic radio What were neurotic about that big game Sunday are we neurotic about it? No, we got 200 open lines on the iPhone that were neurotic about yes, we are 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Don't forget Chris read the nephews over there with a Q AM fan on corner university and borrowed bulletin plantation right by the shell station There on the Northeast corner, which you all know very very well right next to the plantation animal hospital or whatever that place is and right across from the convenience through there on a corner with a plantation cops make the best coffee in town every night And he's got the best in the LCDs and cassettes and t-shirts and dolphin t-shirts which we give a free adult and t-shirt everybody that donates anything was And we'll also take checks by the way for those people who just want to donate the center one and not go over there and hop up any of the other good stuff We'll be glad to take your money in any amount 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello Let me go do I'm listening I said I want to you couldn't think of as well as Bob Lincoln that's for the am sure Okay, one call left on the board. It's quite an omelet that I was playing Elvis right there because I think we're going to be having an Elvis concert in just a second or two Let's take that last call and open up the door for the king. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir Are you doing man? I'm doing okay. Listen, I heard you're running out of gas here baby. Stirners. You're not a steam this crowd. You should be fired up for Sunday because the jetter and okay great. Like I said, ladies, you're going to be applying for loan anytime soon Maybe shopping for a car or going to the boss asking for a raise. Whatever it is, if you want every vanage you can get don't you Of course you do. So you need stuff. You'll understand in a minute. You see as a woman, it's not very difficult to get pretty much everything you want. You just need the right equipment and their stuff. You see, stuff is a brand-new and tissue designed especially for you to stuff with unlike traditional tissues. Stuff tissues are both sick and soft and while they might do a great job on your nose, they do an even better job of conforming to your breasts So why waste all that money to plant the surgeon when all you need is stuff? Because remember no matter what you want, if you're as dumb as you look, you might as well. And don't forget stuff plus if you've got a flat ass. Okay, four minutes after one of you. I'm here's our last call today. Here's a mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You online, man. I just got down the phone and got right in there. You're the only caller I got man. You're it. Audience just they just died. Start at noon and it's getting progressively worse as we are approached that two o'clock hour. They just ran out of material. It's incredible. It's incredible. I asked me if I'm used to it. When I used to it. I listen every day and I'm not telling you what. I don't know how you do it. Yeah, I really don't know why. But that check is your great incentive man. It is. You're the only caller on the board. You're the only single one. We've got 82 million people out there listening right now. You're the only person that even cares to speak to me that's got anything. Even if you don't have anything, you're the only one that cares enough to send your very fellow to black. Whatever you got best worth anything in between. You're the only one. Doesn't that make you feel like special sir? Yes, it does. It makes my day stand out for the crowd. You're the only damn. We got one other goofball on there from Lenten and that's it. These people just got no material. Nothing. You know, I was that we got the president going to merge. We got a we got a lynch mob up there watching and ready to do a pizza guy then president where everybody wishes would stay there. And, you know, we got an arena that we spent two hundred million dollars that's got more problems than Curtis got pills. These people don't give a crap about anything except getting a free truck. Yep. Exactly. Exactly. We got 50 million letters in the other room out there from people who took the effort to put a stamp on an envelope and mail it out. 50 50 trillion letters from entries. People want to win a guy named truck with the dolphin autographs on it. That's right. You saw that. That's right. They don't turn up to send their very anything. That's the sky. That's that's the audience I've been burdened with for 23 years. A bunch of deadheads. They let it that way. I appreciate that. The big enough in the say I give you a lot of credit. You're doing a strong man to put up that's right. I got a big no check to put up with it. Well, that's what it is. I mean, like I said, that's the only that's the only thing you can get with that check every 15 days. Believe me. I'm not kidding. You man. I'm not yet in your chain. That's the only thing that makes the worthwhile. Well, I don't know. I either a lot of people that like you. So, you just. Oh, they love me. They just don't want to talk to me. Okay. You don't want to talk to me. I got a bad deal. Something I don't know what it is. You got to remember one thing that we're in so Florida and everybody is working really hard to stay above water. Yeah, they're working real hard. Yeah, especially at accurate. Okay, pal. Have a great holiday. And thanks. Thanks for being a one guy. Not a wall on your all of a sudden because they don't want to feel left out. Every time we go into a break, I mean, first of all, we're just praying for December to end. This praying I am because I am promised I'm sure that when it comes to be January, we'll have no spots radio. And then we don't have to because basically now we got an impossible format on this radio station. We every time we go to a break, it's like, oh, to a newscast. Don't start messing with that sales manager up there because she's got all the naked pictures. Okay. So don't mess with her. What's screw in? We're up to 525. All right. God. And what do we have before? So that's an initial 205. I'm keeping a Tyler like we're doing a goddamn radio with the on here. 79,451. You know, something we got 53 minutes left in the hour. Wouldn't be great if we got to actually, I mean, because I know we're over 80,000 because this doesn't count the internet and what it was in the stores and boarded this week. Because it's already Thursday. But I mean, just on paper, we could actually theoretically go over 80 grand a day. We need another 549 bucks. Are you cutting the checks? Yes, I'm counting the checks. I'm counting air v single. The leave me, Mr. I'm telling, I'm writing I'm squeezing air v nickel in time to try to get this thing up to 100 grand. And I'm going to do it. Okay. I am going to do it. If it's the last God damn thing that I do. I am going to do it. It's spot the fact that we got a sales manager up there. It's sent us out to place the size of our boom closet and spider her. We'll still do it. Here's land 10. Hello. Please don't put down the king, but I'll be down there soon. Thank you very much. Okay. There you come on. There's another guy. Another guy with nothing to say. Two open lines in Grower. 560, 5050, 60, 0. 560 on the 18 to put down the king. I'm playing the music today, baby. That's right. Like that one from Westland suspicious behind. Isn't that what it calls suspicious? That's something like that. That's why they got all the vice cops down there in Westland because there's too many suspicious. Okay. Let's go to a candle. Hello. No. This is Rob from candle. I want to call him. We should have a happy honicer. Well, back to you. Rob happy new year. Happy Mary. Happy Mary. Oh, I'm good. You said happy honic to the good one for me. Okay. Happy Chinooka then. I'll tell you what. I'm still laughing from that last God. It called this is work in too hard. Oh, yeah. That's he must know. Sounds slow to like a rubber glove. Listen. Ragnar. Exactly. Work is a dirty word in this town, man. We don't want to do it. I don't know. Maybe it, just me, but Elvis. You know, he has no isto, but no more than any other Redneck, to get up there. And yeah. I'd leave the Redneck from people on this essentially. I would agree with that. Exactly. That's we have a lot of people out here just seeing a hell of a lot better. Name man, but now is watching a game last night. And how is having a heart. I knew once we got that lead. I was just counting the min. It said, let's give him about 10 minutes before we get a tidy game. Well, that was brutal. And you could smell a coming. You knew it was just a matter of time. No. There was a stench of something in that place. Thank God for Ray Wittney, baby. There's a lot of life. I thought I knew you liked that. He's a sweetheart. I also wanted to sponsor $20 for you from our store happy books, down in candle. And thank you so much. And it's a good cause. And we should have best luck. Thanks a lot of me, go. And I know you'll get a lot more calls out to me because you're a great guy. I guess I am a Japanese. Hey, you too. And enough of the sucking. Exactly. See you. Okay, there's a guy from down in candle. I have a little plug. No problem with that. Oh, I have to work really hard in this town. Anybody that says that I'm overpaid. And I got news for it. I can actually spell my own name. Both my own names. That's quite an accomplishment when you have two names you can spell in both. How do you like that? Nice going Neil. Oh. 10 minutes after one at five, 16, WQA. I'm a typical cold. There's been a major set back today for the NBA Lockout. Play a representative. Sioux-Fro. I do all king fish. Oh, well. I pulled my ass off with Hitler. Peter, I've been beaten up every day. He is mad so boy it's been pull. Peter  I pull that man off. He is crazy. He says he didn't I know he didn't believe him. He thought he was mad one one. Did we better leave Peter's jail? Let's go. Okay, it's 115 at 5.60WC. By the way, if you play your cards right, I might even be realized this year, not tell your kids that you lied to them and there's no Santa Claus. This could be the first year and 100 years. Stop here, rip it off my 20 minutes on Friday. Like I said, the Rizus Santa Claus and yesterday there are a lot of dumb jacks out there. Okay, here's a mobile in candle. Hello? Mobile in candle. Going once. Going to lies long gone. Where we're going now. Where we're going to give it a shot. Let's give it a shot. Anywhere I guess. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Maybe I never pressed that down. Yes, sir. I was down behind the E.I. I was just working in Hailea. I live in Palm Beach, but behind the Home Depot. They had a much bold Christmas tree. And they came on the neighborhood kind of raggedy looking at not having the vlogs, had a couple of broken branches and stuff. But just so nobody else can grab them and use them. Like somebody who doesn't have any money to pay like any bucks for a tree. Right. They spray paint them red. Take that red paint and just spray paint all the trees. Why do you want to go on that? So nobody else can use them. What about your assholes? Yeah. My son looks like that. First and that's great. Well maybe they can take them to a castor or, you know, they can celebrate a red crisp. I mean, you know, I mean, if you press that. I mean, if you press that. I'll just take it all. How about your comedies? Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 560, 560, 560. I never pressed that button down. I think on a mobile in Kendall are you there now? Down here. And I'm here now. The faithful. Sorry about that. It's all right. I'm calling first of all. I want to thank you for a ticket. You gave me tickets about two weeks ago for the dolphins. Oh great. And I know that usually we give a mob, but you know, here some people, again. Very rarely. You're a rare reception in a god bless you. Thank you very much. One thing that I wanted to say was not many of us are fortunate enough to make it to all the sporting events in town. Right. We don't have money or at the time or whatever. And nobody's going to need tickets, right? But usually usually when we are able to go both me and my wife to make the best of it. We've gone to a few participants in and it's until the last person leaves the ISS from release. There you go. Basically it's a true team and joy. You know, the last time one of the talented ones who were dolphins came to see her, we were a friend of ours gave us, they have season tickets under you 15, 15, right? I mean great seats. Right there, one of the low roads. And the slating city next to me with all this jewelry and I mean, obviously she was loaded. She tried to me and said, we've had season tickets here for, I don't know how many years. And I don't understand the pain. Can you let me know when I should be excited? Yeah. So tell us, tell us, when somebody grabs someone at jewelry and runs off, that's when she should get real anime. I can believe when she told me that. So when the other things go to touch, I'm going to say, go ahead, get up and scream. And the whole mode is good. Yeah, that's the South Florida sports films for it. It was horrible. It was horrible. So what's the good thing to say? Thank you. Thank you. Okay, back by. Okay, there's a guy who cares enough to send his very best. We do something nice for him. He does something nice for us. That's the way it goes. One hand washes the other, right? Right. We have an open-lighted day, one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the impound 5, 60. Yeah. On the 18, T. Wireless One, I'm getting choked up. I'm getting emotional. How are we doing over there in the university of Drabland? We don't know. Or maybe Chris is real busy now. That would be a good sign. Seriously. If we had a whole bunch of people flock over there, we could raise another 500 and a 60 Bucks before our two o'clock comes today. And officially put us over the 80 grand total to put us way over. I'm sure. When that for you nice thing, if we could do that, are we going to do it? No. Hey, listen. Keep us to the pop or lip baby. Keep us smile on your post. Be optimistic. I bet you they're lined up from there all the way to God day. I'm Oakland Park Boulevard. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. What is it? Some asshole, just an asshole. Just a regular, uh, he's an asshole. Okay. We have an open line of day one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where was my, always like when George starts not getting his head so hard. It looks like wind the blur. And it starts spinning around like in circles and, uh, and he picks up the phone and says, What do you do this through me? Yeah. And it's usually nobody on or anyway. Okay. Let's go to a derail. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to comment on what you're saying about how nobody cares about what's going on in the government stuff like that. You know. You're right. But I'd like to give you my reasons for not hearing. And that is that I just don't have a time. You know, I spend maybe 50 hours a week at work. I got two kids. I got to make a couple of words to the wife. Um, when do I have time to, To make a phone call? To make a phone call to whom? To maybe as somebody in Congress like your representative. What I would really like is the government that's totally boring. That's that isn't worthy of 24 hours. They coverage holding hearing about every goddamn thing they're talking about. Exactly. But that's the point. We have a crisis now because the rest of the country is asleep and in a coma. And they're busy trying to get their sorbys out there for a little pain in the ass kid. And the main time we got a bunch of right wing lunatics up there who've turned themselves into a massive linch mob. And they're on a verge of doing something that nobody wants to see happen. And everybody is a busy doing other crap. Yes. Yes. The cancer on the world. Right. If the rest of the world was smart to a building in the longness wall around this country. No, no, no, you already done it. It's called the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean. It's already happened. Nature did that. It's not good enough because a marathon and gets out to the rest of the world. Yeah. You're like McDonald's and pizza. You're right. Good word. Okay. Well, I'll see you on wherever you're going. Okay. We have an open line of day one at Broward. Five six. It's not coming. It's the coming. That's not like a communist. I traced that number in the final. What's going on with this guy. Okay. Sounds too subversive for this down. Five six, 70 five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I bet you they're just slinging money at Chris right now. They're slinging cash. They're slinging whatever they got. That's right. Probably have to tell them self-off when you leave that joint. Here's a mobile in Danyah. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I can tell you this story. I'm going to start with a first hockey game against the Carolina last week. Saturday, yeah. Yeah. So, you know what she spent the game doing? I bought her a program and she spent the game trying to decide which pants is what a cutest. Yeah. These sides were a Whitney. Well, you want to hear what would you guess? Treating the three cutest guys worth. Well, I know the only two that I would say are good looking guys is a very Whitney and Billy Lindsay, but other than that. She liked the old needle mire. Yeah, Robbie's okay. He's got a, got a, got a snows problem. Yeah. Three of them and she had the crowd all around her agreeing with her. In other words, I was right about Ray Whitney and Billy Lindsay. Yeah, absolutely. Well, your daughter's got impeccable taste. And I'll tell her that Robbie is much too busy anyway. Robbie's way too busy with that boy. With Nikki, yeah. Yeah. One more thing. I think we should do a need of mire for need of mire trade. No, there you go. I'm all put that. Good. Good need of mire against the evil need of mire. That's right. Okay, pal. Yeah. But don't they make it a big start at the answer? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So, you know, I think it's a good idea to go Robbie's school last night. Well, thanks to that brilliant past by Ray Whitney. I mean, I could have scored that nice. Go on, Ray. And by the way, keep in mind, our coach don't like him as a player. I mean, what is that all about? Maybe we could chip in and get the BM and TM boys. The Murray boys, like a twin lobotomy for the holidays. That would sound good to me. They could use it. You don't know what side your butter is breaded on Terry. I'll tell you that right now. Ray Whitney is God. Make no mistake about that. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing, Neil? Great. Everybody better, sir. Terry. Terry, Carter is still alive. How do you like that giveaway last night? Okay, I think he needs to stick him on his school. Oh, he's brutal. And I was screaming him on a giveaway. And then, of course, you know, the guys all alone. It's like one on one with Burke. And it's in the network and he's got you out of my eye. I don't know who scored that. Haunted was that his first score. What a slap shot. Yeah, that was great. No chance. He, yeah, he, when he looked up, it was already two feet behind. He got a great shot. Scott Melambu, that, uh, tiddle me. It was like two, if he could have waited like five minutes. Yeah, well, it took all your took a go all the way from Little Ray Whitney. There's Scott. We're pretty upset about that. Okay. We like your Scott, but you took a go all the way from our hero. Exactly. I was down at that end. And he was going after Piddlic. Yeah. It was nowhere near the play like that. Yeah. That was just a stupid fact. Scott spent too much time in a box there last night. I thought he had another one. Two later on in the second. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. I got him from the end. But all the other stuff. John John Robert here at Deesh Bad. And don't forget Special Ed, too. Thank you. Okay. And have a great day. Yeah. Special Ed, comfortable and up real good last night. And then, of course, Gordon Murphy, uh, who was it that went around and was Radik's bunk, went around him like he was like a statue there. Nice going, Ergory. Howdy, duty. He's okay. We have an open line at Broward. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T, a wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's happening then? Same old. Listen. You can't stop for, I can get the CD and, you know, they're giving away stuff and plantations on one. They're giving it away? No, well, that's what you do. But I don't think we're not giving it away. We're giving it away. We're giving it away. Yeah. I'm anticipating getting the CD that's what I'm interested in. Right. Gordon University in the Broward. What is that? Right now. What's your word? You right now? Oh, man. I'm in North Miami. I am really far away. Why don't you go to other borders over there by haven't you? Oh, they got it there, too. I asked they do. How far are you in New Year's? Like, 93, 94, 94. No, they're just being just got the noons, which believe me. You don't want the old ones. You want the new stuff. The new stuff? Yes, sir. Try it me. I just like to say. I just like to say great show. Listen to you every day. And I just wish you had more people to call in with something really worth listening to. Because I have this town in debt. But you got to understand where we are. Okay. I haven't heard of my new back. Yes, sir. Mike, go to my textiles. You're a douchebag. Okay, see you. Now what did you say? We're going to do kittles tomorrow. We're going to be doing this every day. All right. We're going to be doing this every day right through. Nice. Thank you, Chris. And thank you, Sam. Sam. See, I told you we'd both these guys up a little bit in spite of those two not these upstairs. Oh, seriously. These guys have good intentions. You just need a little, uh, especially Sam, a little prod. That's a little kick in the ass. Uh-huh. We'll sweat every now and then. Wouldn't hurt. Oh, seriously. They're great. They're going to help put us over the top and get us to Sam's goal of $10 million. Has that what he said? $25 million? Something like that. Every day tomorrow they'll be in candles with that guy that called a minute ago. Was it this last guy? I don't know. I can't keep track because we're so inundated with two or three calls. But, uh, you have to be done or candle with our best of stuff tomorrow. So we're just going to, we're just going to go nuts. We're going to raise so much money this next to three weeks that it's going to make your eyes pop. Because I know a lot of people out there say, oh, you'll never get that 100 grand. New yellow chatty. All right. You watch me. Okay. Ah, you watch. Well, I'm gagging on it. I think Nick put something special on that stovie today. Something really good. $126.5. $60.5. $2.5. You're doing your hand and he's and lick my boots. All right. This is the toilet last night. She's all over the floor. Okay. White did up with my wash cloth. Don't wash my face much anymore. When two is in the sink, but we can't stop over the floor. Oh, my did up with my toothbrush. Don't brush my teeth much also. Yay. My God. $1.5. $50. $50.5. $50.5. And we just keep pouring out the stuff over and over again because you've got to make a living. Well, Frank said after died, what was it back in February? He bit the big one. So can Joe to measure me far behind? No. I mean, I don't want to burst your bubble. I know that there are a lot of people very, very distraught about this. I think that's a good pull question. Usually try to have a pull question for every day. That's our pull question today. Who is the greater icon? Who is the greater hero in American history? Elvis Presley or Joe to measure. See, and I shouldn't have said it was because it makes it sound like the managers already dead. He's close. Who was the greater, you know, the net an excellent question? Elvis Presley? Elvis? Or Joe to measure you? No. What do you think? You didn't like either one of them? But you don't know. You don't hate Elvis, do you? Because it was a personal person. But you don't dislike his music, do you? Someone who was adequate. Yeah, I'm not saying that he was what these other people make him out of it. These people who have no lives and got their elders blow up dolls and keep something to their face. They're tired of the songwriters or whatever. But he was pretty good. He had a stick. He had a stick. He had a stick. Colonel Parker made a stick. He invented a stick. Everybody's got to have a stick. And he created a stick. And Elvis did a very, very well. And he developed a tremendous following. And he swiveled his hips. And he looked pretty damn good. Until he got fat and bloated and disbanded. Et cetera. Here's the South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Good afternoon. You asked that question last night. I had a 10 30. I said, Ray Whitney. Thank you. Ray Whitney. Yes, sir. Did he come through or not? He's the greatest baby. What a break away. Ray Whitney has a pair. Great pass by Spale about Ray had a stick in there. Baby. Exactly. We did. He knows how to stick it in there. I just wanted to. All the years I've watched talk. I've never heard or seen or a game where a four power plays on a, not a goal. You know what I can make your final. I can make call. We were talking about this last night. The only one we call was seen Lewis and the kings in the playoff last year. When a king said that big lead late in the game and the same thing happened. Well, I heard and I know it's years ago, but it was either Toronto or Montral Plains of ruins in Dan Kelly who was a good analogy. I heard I heard three goals. I was watching that to ESPN was just starting, but that's what I remember. I just wanted to tell you that I split season tickets. I've been a season ticket holder six years and we'll be at the Calgary game. We're going to bring a couple of toys like those ads that you've been running for the children, but we've been listening to everyone else and we haven't been a par. We're going to bring you a check for center one because as good as the toy drive is, you know, center one is, you know, they're all around and I guess it's a good cause. So we're going to bring you a check and bring it up to your seat. Okay. We feel that's the right thing to do. Thanks a lot. Good luck tomorrow. Okay. Thanks very much. Okay. We have an open good luck tomorrow. What is tomorrow? What do you mean by that? Good luck tomorrow. Huh? Okay. We have no. He's a good guy. He's going to bring some cash. But we have an open line in day five six seven five six six six six. How we do out there? We heard from Chris. You must be busy man. He must be real busy. I'm telling you he must be. Why you smile? Why you do that? You have you have a little less faith in he's got. Always the same thing when we do these deals. You start out real slow because people aren't all. All of our audience, unfortunately, is not there on a corner of university drive and borrowed Boulevard in plantation. I would say a big percentage of our audience is pretty close. They're in plantation. They're in the acres. They're in West and they're in sunrise. They're in, you know, and we got like 20 or 30 people in date. And we'll find out tomorrow and candle. See, this is a good test in candle because you won't have to be intimidated by seeing me. It can't be like reward borders down there. And you can go see Chris Reed who's a good all-enirking guy. All those who do that are terrified of me. You're scared of death. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was at walk in my golden ring tree rush that night caught a little bit of the game on the radio. Right. And the second period Chris Morris is all the crowd really fired up out there doing the wave. Oh. No one I heard you say something about the wave today. I get to just hit me. That proves what I've already said about that. More on. He really is. They didn't even do that in the arena. No. I am here in the end. In the first two years, they did back at the beginning when nobody understood what the game was all about. And back when the wave was still like almost acceptable. They were doing it a little bit and then we embarrassed them out of doing it. And now they're regressing. They're taking gigantic steps backwards. Right. Maybe with the ambiance with the clock out and the all the other things that were going on. Maybe that's what the trip them back in time. Am I guy who found something good about the saw grass? Yeah. I can park my car there during the games and be bald the out of the ten bucks. Oh, no. They're not because somebody said they were telling cars away. They can stand out there and they kind of looked like, you know, they're driving. But you can still get away with it. Now, now what time does this saw grass close? Ten. Ten. They figure for employees to file out and watch. Why? Why? What you're saying? Maybe we'd be later during the, but I've been doing it every game so far if I told you. I think that's a great idea. Yep. And I want to have a thing. I don't know if you mentioned about Ben Codes. Did you mention that? Did I mention what about Ben Codes? He was in court yesterday. He was in court yesterday. He was in the ball. Yeah. But he beat up his wife or his girlfriend. Right. He was in court. They found out that his mother passed away. That was in the paper this morning. No, I didn't hear that. Yeah. So I thought that might have fit in with that bit a little bit. Some paperwork for him. Two ways from the ball, all the f*** you shouldn't have been beaten up the lady. That'd be nice. I think that's a good thing. And then closing, have you ever seen Rodney Dangerfield and Rick's Generate together? Good point. All right. Okay. And would you have more rent? We're up to 35. Oh, my God. We're going to do it. And Chris has a goal of a thousand before two o'clock. No. No way. Yeah. Well, that's the total. See, not an ounce confused. What do we have before? What's the last number you gave me? I don't know. Well, that's no good. Let's see. 183 20. We had five 25. And now what is it? Eight 35. 35. We've got another 310 bucks. Well, we could do this, baby. 167 79. 761. He's got to go. What? No. I'll tell you exactly what we need. We need another $239 in the next 23 minutes out there. So 240. That's 12. That's just 12 people. Or six people, if they bought, you know, best of both parts or whatever they get. Why wouldn't people buy both? Well, he's the lady that came to the restaurant, which one should I say? Well, maybe she did not even have a full one. Not everybody has 40 bucks. You know, we're not all big shots like you are, okay? That has somebody paying for a whole life. And not everybody's a big shot. A big, you know, a spender. That's getting paid for a show that we're not even doing anymore. I mean, you know, not everybody's in that category. But that would be great. With 241. That should be like falling off a log between now 22 minutes. I guarantee you we're going to do it. Come on. Our friends up there in plantations in sunrise. All you old farts in sunrise pulling to that shell station, okay? That's a good session too, by the way. How used to get gas there years ago when I was doing business with Shell? Why did I stop doing business with Shell? To be honest with you, I don't know. What kind of gas do you get in the old, not in your business? Mostly mobile. Why do you go to mobile? Because they have a lot of fish food. 21, before two and five six. What do you like? And about they got lots of that's a great place for a fish food. Mobile station, you're on flamingo right by five ninety five. Always got fish food, fish sticks. That's what we care about. A lot of water we gas. They might have. We want in fact to be enough fish food. You'll have water we gas. 21, before it's water resup and 21 till two and five sixty. W to QM. Why are you running around for your paracat? While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death. The one thing you have to depend on is your car. With you can use that on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilard. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. Remember when we used to post that packet carefully. We ought to get a bundle of fish names. Wait for the golden. Get away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. What the hell is that? I am getting serious quick. You're so fatty like that. I think somebody got away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. Get away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. We never some fact to try to steal my car. I feel safe with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my accord with the help. You think M.S. An old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard. Now we're available at all various stories. 145 at 5.6. You're invited to a class of a comeback at WTMI. In the on a call letter, the editor from what is named Howard Woody Tangar. Howard with the Woody. He wrote about the community has to rally around about beat. But about the unfortunate letters to the editor and how they stayed up overnight. I was talking to Scott Schwartz and our sales department who used to of course be sales manager at WTMI. Your pseudo intellectual classical music station. Talk to Scott at the hockey game last night. And I asked him about what he said. He said he said he said he's an absolute total. He's an asshole. What's got to say? He was smiling and laughing and puking as he said it. I thought to myself, yeah, I read his letter and I would tend to agree that he's an asshole. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Great. We really have to think Paul Larser is taking one in a T-for five minutes there. Right. I'm not a Mac and Macman. Cool. He was a major to a four minute penalty. He was out of control when we thank him for refusing. Right. The only thing is we should have sent a Vinnie Frosal back to base Lars. We're a penalty. That could get him out of the game. No, no. It's keeping him out of there. They got a lot of talent on that team. Sure. I hate to break the news to us. But they got a lot of talent on that team. All right. Dr. Latter. Okay, soon. Alexey Yashin for crying out loud and who else did they got? They got Daniel Alfredson and who might even not? Who might even not? Well, you know, I'm asking George and he's looking to give me that glaze look. No, what? Dackel Andreas Dackel. That's right. I think a lot of talent on that team. One of the best young defenseman weighed redden number six. One of the best defenseman in league he will be. And already is. Counted team will be caught in a little bit. You know, off guard there in the first period. Thank God. Thank God for Ray Witton. That's all I can tell you. I told you. I told you about two barns. Oh, about Marty Strochka. Oh, you're about to Ray Witton. And we got the TMN to be employees that we have to keep fighting. Okay, to try to hang in there a little bit. 5.670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I can't wait when that phone rings. You get that call from Chris. Detailed that we're over the. We have because all we need is another 200 and what I say 40 bucks. Which is 12 12 times 20 last time I checked is 240. That would officially put us over 80 grand. I mean, unofficially, I'm sure that we got quite a bit more than that. But officially, I wanted in hand in my hand right now in the money too. I want to squeeze it. Here's a number of times. Hello. Any height on? Great. I want to say first of your poll question, which, uh, the Elvis, roughly or dimension. Thank God, we got one person that responds to a very important poll. I don't know. It's kind of close. One fleet's mother. One got to sleep with Marilyn Monroe. Right. So, uh, Marilyn looked a lot better than glad. So I'll tell you that. Yeah, well, I think. Yeah, I guess we go with all this. All right. There you go. Oh, so, uh, where do you got now? Where's who at Elvis? In the box. The curl. Oh, oh, the kernel. Yeah. Isn't the kernel dead? I guess. I'm sorry. I have to know about those guys that I keep convincing myself. He died and then every time I say that on the years, I said, oh, no, he's still alive. I'm pretty sure the kernel croaked. Yeah. But, uh, and no, but, uh, yeah, I think you two too. Um, but, uh, okay, I'm out of control. I think he's supposed to the fish. It's okay, so yeah. Maybe he's supposed to, maybe he's supposed to, maybe he's supposed to, Yeah. Oh, look, not a, what's his name? Colonel, uh, what the hell is his name? CLEAK? No, no curl from, again, toughy-fied. And there's Colonel Sanders. See how quickly they forget? What? 995. Oh, my god, that didn't reach five. Oh, wait. We're 95. What. No, that. That's the total. Okay. So, so that's another 160. See, that's a way. I'm doing it. Oh, my God. 12. Now we need another $79. That's for pieces, four, $20 bills. And the next 11.5 minutes. Can we do it? No. came by in his bike. Some slipper on a bike. Thank you guys. Slipper on your bike. Thank you very much. Here's a fact by the way that it has kudos to Hank the other day he ripped Morris. This is Morris Angleberry. He's talking about her angle burr. How a Humperding. Morris Angleberry, another ass for keeping Joe to manager from the public for many years. But now it can't keep himself or Joe out of the media. It says you should see all the memorabilia that Morris has in his home under lock in key with alarm security. It's like a buzzard the hovering. There you go. Morris Angleberry is not all that. Joe to remember a video in Belia and all of a sudden he's opening every time you turn him out. Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat yeah, worst of all these spots and can't shut up for a minute. Let the poor guy die and peace already with you Morris. What can you say about Morris? He's an asshole. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Hey, you all are you doing buddy? Great. Did you? Did you? How many comments are you who started this to the wave? No. Oh yeah, the somebody said the. Yeah, the forget. Yeah, the bus. The t-shirt's true. Yeah, they were out. They were not the lower ball 114 where we were staying. That's something those guys are another impediment. You would think that since we left the Miami Arena, which is kind of like you know stepping stone to the big time and now we got this big allegedly a professional place that we could outgrow that garbage. Yeah, let's like I'm growing a training bro. You know, we're like a little tricycle. You know, sometimes you get your tyries and sometimes it's hard to tell what's sticking what's not right. But let me tell you that was the first time I was there last night. I apologize. I personally apologized to you for the bushing. Seriously, it was a birthday presentation. But that light, I mean, even from the lower ball, I think it's that tiny. I can't see it for more. I said you're going to go down. But it always works the same because you can't see it. Whatever happened to those fire engines, they show those. But then you know, they, I'll say it again. I'm glad you mentioned that because did you see the, did you see the spot that they show where we're more in pop that are sitting there and talking about the Panthers are going to be the promoting the games. I understand, oh, they're going to score a lot more goals this year. And we're saying, well, why do you think that? And pop that says, oh, well, you see the goal judge. And every time they shoot anything on that, a stick, he's, he's punching the button. And they show like a big real goal, red goal, you know, that's flashing. And I'm like, you're gonna real hockey arena now to come back to Arena. So they throw it up there. But when you look down at our place, we got like a little tiny light bulb that nobody can see. Why don't they go steal one of one of the sunrise fire departments? That's it. And there you go. Excellent point. I'm going to work on it over the weekend. All right. Thanks. Good idea. You know, if Wayne can't afford it, if the city of sunrise can't afford it, if the BM or state, if I were them, if I'm in the organization, I would care enough about the fans at least to try to get them, you know, because they got enough other problems. Believe me, it's gonna be real real. I mean desperate for this thing to make the playoffs. I think the chances are slim, but nevertheless we're hoping for the best. So you got, you know, you got to do a little public relations, which I know is a bad word, anything to do with Wayne, PR. You leave off the ICK. And be concerned about those things. You see, here are all these people, including me saying, hey, guess what? This is bullcreptus is Boisley. They should be in there today taking care of that. And time for the Calgary game on Saturday. Same for crying out loud when 10,000 to people can't see that they aim goal lighter, the green light go on when the period ends, then there's something wrong. There we want to make a little better presentation than that. What's so far, have I seen any evidence that anybody over there cares? No, no, no. And that's what bothers me. I mean, everybody can make mistakes. Crap happens, you know, but when you just have the editor, I mean, I'll get you just bring us your money, bring us your money. Faster. 150, 250, 5, 60, WQM.