Hey, guys, we're the back and this, you know, I'm saying I got to call it the practice couple weeks ago, I'm there for a little pretty good and we're looking safe for me, you're a smitten guy, we're riding a Garvin great shape for you, Coach. I think I heard that guy from Tennessee last night, we won't tell you that, huh? I thought a lot of options, and then for a ride, you were riding that, they're practice codes, but I'm not a lot of work, you know. Yeah, we want to see how good the test is couple, but I started tonight, Coach, you know, okay, Susan, for you, Matt Taylor. All right, we love our supergator. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so there you have it, it's Gordon Solie would say, Steve Spurrier. Well, we've never been able to get Spurrier on a show anyway, because once he got good with the gators, he didn't want to do any more radio shows. I guess he figured he had a solid recruiting based out, and here, and some of the assistant coaches who come on really haven't said too much. Yeah, they do just fine in self-forging. It members of Congress had a five year affair with Snaggrass's wife Sherry in the 1960s. Now, some people are going to say, ah, that's a long time ago, and so what about it? Hide leads the panel that will decide whether to pursue impeachment against President Clinton. It's a good thing I'm a calm guy, said, Snaggrass, if I'm warned, I might have gone around shooting people. This man, Hide is the most extreme hypocrite who is heated judge, maybe even condemned the president for having an affair, ask Snaggrass. Snaggrass, vividly remember seeing Hide walk out of his wife Chicago apartment in 1969. They've been divorced two years at the time. I went over there to talk to Sherry, and she was buttoning her blouse at the door, and said, then a minute later, out he came, scored score, no doubt about it. It was Hide. It wasn't Dr. Jekyll, it was Mr. Hide. Hide married at the time, and the affair with Sherry Snaggrass from 1965 to 69. Snaggrass fell in love with his wife in 1952, married her two years later. We accidentally found out about the affair from his five-year-old son, money in 1965, the full money, is couple had two other small children ages eight and nine, the couple divorced in 1967. In other words, this asshole broke up their marriage. How do you like that? In fact, at the end of this thing, it says, Snaggrass, I've heard people talk about what a great, honest manhide is that he's the best man in the job, meaning the impeachment decision. Snaggrass said his eyes are welling up with tears. The man destroyed my family, and me is what he says. The great self-righteous Henry Hide. And of course, Henry Hide's comments, well, this is ancient history and the statute of limitations as long as it's passed on my youthful indiscretions. What difference is it to make it happen 30 minutes? In fact, is this guy who was married, Henry Hide, screwed around with somebody else's wife, broke up their marriage, and for an affair that went on for four years, four more years. So really is it, really. And of course, the Republicans are outraged. That's right. House of Majority whipped Tom Delay. Republican of Texas are real good, right wing old boy. Says this attack on Chairman Hide, launched by Salon Magazine, which is a close ally of the Clinton White House, is the most despicable, most disgraceful, most disgusting piece of rummama mongering I've ever seen. What do you mean rummama mongering? Is it true? Yes, so what do you mean rummama mongering? In other words, just like Dan Burton with his illegitimate kid, just like Mary Chenoweth from Idaho with her affair, these are all true things that are being brought out of the closet. In other words, if it's good enough for the goose, if it's good enough for the president, it's good enough for all these other sanctimonious hypocrites, like I've been telling you for weeks on a show and why the hell of media people are talking about this? I don't know. I do not understand it. And what the hell difference is to make what she was 21, and he was 51, or she was 25, and he was 75. What does that got to do with it? They're considering adults. Last time I checked, 21 is over the age of 18. Last time I checked, I could be wrong. You think? No, I don't think so. Absolutely unbelievable. Well, I mean really very believable that the fact that, you know, if you look at other people's closets in their past, you're going to find out they've been screwing around. Not everybody, just most everybody. And here's the guy that's going to sit there, and he's going to make judgments about the presence, morality based on his sexual activity, and covering it up. And we're not for the fact that this article was leaked in this salon magazine. Nobody would know about this. I think if we have a right to know about not only the president's screwing around, but every last detail of it. And if the public has a right to see his secret grand jury testimony, and Kenneth Starnis, people have been leaking and leaking and leaking all over the place for the last couple of weeks, there just maybe we have a right to find out of all these other sanctimonious assholes, one of their qualifications, what is their background that they're going to sit and make moral judgments for America on who is qualified and not qualified to be president, dog catcher, whatever it is they're going to be. So let's cut with a bull crap, okay, let's stop with the hypocrisy because that's what we're dealing with. I use this word a week ago and I'll say it again today. Sanctamoni is God damn hypocrites. That's what they are. They're all screwing around, have been screwing around. We'll be screwing around. Like somebody said the other day, how many people right now in the house in the center, screwing around with members of their staff? They're screwing around with their staff, so to speak. But the media, the mass media man, don't confuse that because they're on a one-pointing mission here man and they're out there on their highway and they're taking that poany and whipping and slicing and beating it. Because they're just got, they smell the blood. It's like the hunt of the hounds in England. They smell the blood, that presidential blood, and they're out to get it. And they're going to show this video tape and you're going to see him getting all red in the post and get all bent out of shape. And who the hell wouldn't be? When you have some asshole, some born again, self-righteous, asshole, religious nutcase, can star from Texas, asking a bunch of unbelievably personal questions. Of a man who's the guy that printed out of the country. Did you stick it here? Did you touch your breast? Did you? It said her in so on. Was it good? No. Probably not. That practice makes perfect. I guess he was just figured if they did enough maybe you know, sooner or later might be good. I guess it wasn't. Ten minutes after ten and five feet. Two eight out. That's how you're proud you're breathed. A beautiful. This week, something is come over. Egens, molder and scully. Something strange. Something obscene. Something bonkers. What the fuck? Is happening to us? The expletive file. Oh, sh**. There goes my f*****ing phone again. Agent Bunt. He molder. No sh***** Sherlock. I just called to tell you something. What? Hit my. Expletive files. Can scully and molder find out why they're cursing like sailors. Before the network sensors go observe. Can I? It's molder. Oh, it's scully. I think I figured how live we're swearing all the time. I think we're f*****ing possessed by the spirit of Martin Warren. Get them f*****ing. We can exploit your files. The f*****ing truth is out there. Yes, so what the f***** is your problem anyway? 1014 at 560 WQM. Sweat it. Getting back to hand we hide for just two or three hours. The revelations about hide came only days after disclosures that representative Helen Chenoweth Republican Abadaho had admitted to when a fear with a married man. And representative Dan Burton, right wing fascist, Republican of Indiana, had acknowledged fathering a child in an extra marital affair. Both are persistent critics of Clinton. Both are sanctimonious hypocrites. How do you like that? And this is just the tiny little, this isn't even the tip of the iceberg. This is just like a thumbnail, like a scraping, like a hang nail of the iceberg. Of the gold bird. Yeah, how's that loose-yand gold bird doing up there, huh? Running around Chase and George McGovern with a cassette recorder? A f*****ing bit. Yeah. What a coincidence, all these people. It's just the coincidence you understand. This isn't some right wing conspiracy. These aren't a bunch of born again, Bible-thumping of genetics. Who want to drum the prison and out of office. And I'm going to tell you who really deserves most of the blame. Because like I've said it before, if it weren't for the media, just pounding away on this, pounding and pounding for the last eight months now. Even in spite of the fact of public saying, We can't stand it. We don't care. Don't you understand? Look at the polls. We don't care who he's dittlin. Things are going fairly well. But now the market's taking a good dump today. So they might say, oh, look out. Maybe the economy isn't as great as you think it is. But in spite of that, and I'm looking at them, I'm flipping all over the place. And here's the sanctimonious Tim Russell with this big red post, you know, for me to press on NBC. They got them all over his own. MSNBC and see MSNBC just on, I'll be called the impeachment channel. Seriously, they should drop any pretence of fairness or impartiality on MSNBC. Because it's the impeachment channel. They're sitting there foaming at the mouth like rabbit dogs. And yesterday, they bring out the very liberal Tim Russell who's partisanship is well known by the way. And now all of a sudden, he's caught up in all of this. And oh, you know, with this tape comes out, it could be very, very bad. And if they're showing the current polls, which are all still, basically where they have been for days and weeks now. But he said, well, if it should drop below this, and if it should go below that, things will be very, very bad. You know, it's like a deaf wish is what they've got. In other words, if we keep telling you what's going to happen, it's going to happen. That's what it is. It's a self-fulfilling death wish. If we keep telling you that he just can't stay in there, that they're going to whip his ass out of there and he peaches ass, or he's going to resign, it's going to happen. We're just going to make it happen. That was done, 186, the NASDAQs done, 45. One other thing before we get anything else. And I realized this isn't very exciting. And I've talked about these things. I know I can't on this radio show or any other way with a magic one. Change the behavior of the people in this town. But I'm going to tell you, and this is very sad, but it's true. I believe that with the next, who knows? A couple of months, somebody who's listening to me right now is going to be dead because of the red light runners. And you cops out there, I'm going to tell you, I understand that you don't make the policy. And I realize it's very, I was thinking about that coming to work today after this episode, which I'll relate to. I mean, it's very difficult to catch people red light when they're a tenement at the same time. I mean, it's easy to set up speed traps with the radar. You do that off the side of the road. You catch them in the, you know, like shooting fish in the barrel. And you can sing along, you know, identify who the cars are. But when you got all these people turning, they could double their power. Let me give you an example of what it was this morning. I went to get a haircut before I came to work. So I went out, Rower and Boulevard to a university. And I'm over there right by the Brower and Maldino corner, Brower and University, I'm going to make a right hand turn. And now the, the light, the left turn lights are green. Okay, the people going the East, they're going left and the people coming west are going left. Now the light turns yellow. So at this point, I'm assuming that people are going to start stopping. Course not. Now listen to this. The red arrow for the left turn on my side turns red. So you know, it's red on the other side because now the green lights for straight ahead traffic. Come on. So there is no question. This is my hand to the sky to Madeline, Maria, here. Okay. 10 cars five in other words. There are two lanes that turn each way off of a Brower Boulevard on a university. Five pairs of two. Is there any other kind of a pair? Five pairs of cars. In other words, 10 cars continued after the red light and the lights were green for going straight ahead. And thank nobody went straight ahead because now the way you drive in this town is, okay, well, let's sit around and wait and see when they decide they're going to finally stop. And I saw two more examples of this before I finally got in the guide to him, Hershey Highway to come to work this morning. You people who drive like this belong in jail, you're trying to kill people. I never saw anything like it in my life and it gets worse and worse and worse. And you sit there and you're like, like, what are you, what are you, what in God's name are you doing? Yesterday I'm driving on, what in hell was it on Pine Island? And it's a red light. And I'm over in one lane or some dark, complexed guy in a van in the middle or it's a truck, some kind of a little truck. And he starts edging forward. Keep in mind, the light is red. He starts edging forward and he just goes. You know, like 20 seconds later, the light changed, but he just goes like, I'm just, you know, the light is red, but I'm going to kind of inch forward and see if I can go, I'm going to go because I'm going to hurry. I don't have time for this. We, we have basically anarchy on the roads of this town. I can't speak for the rest of the state because I don't spend much time at the rest of this state. But we have anarchy on a highways on every road on every street, every place where it is a stoplight. And I am begging you people, whoever make these decisions on what law enforcement are going to as far as traffic enforcement is concerned. You've got to do something about this because somebody, I'm telling you, somebody who's listening to me right now is going to be dead in the next few months and maybe a several of you if this doesn't stop most frequently cause of accidents and interception. Because I mean, how, how, how, what kind of conscience it's one thing to run a light. Okay, it's yellow. We've all done it. I try not to do it in fact if I, if I know that I just, you know, didn't even quite make it, it was closed. I feel really bad like I want to help that I do that. But I mean, running a light like 15 seconds after the light has changed and we've got all these car in a course, they come pouring around there because they're now instead of slowing down because the light is red. Now they're accelerating because they want to see if they can make it. And of course, what happens in the meantime in that line of cars when somebody is accelerating like crazy, but the person in front of them decides he's going to be the one that stops and it'll based the law. Uh-oh. So there are so many possibilities for some of you people getting killed by these assholes. I wish I'm begging you. You porters out there to go to your superiors and say, we have got to have a massive crackdown on a red light runners in this town because it is out of control. It's insane. And I guarantee you that those of us who may be going 42 or 45 miles an hour on Hayedas Road where there are no houses where there is no nothing but a canal on one side. And a bunch of trees on the other side are not posing any threat to human life-limber property. Okay. So how about giving up all that bull crap with these speed traps and all races a lot of revenue? If you want to raise a hell of a lot more revenue and I know it's I just don't know how you do it. How you get 10 people doing that. See the logistics of that are very difficult. When you've just had 10 people run a red light and I'm not talking about running a yellow light that's just changing your three o'clock. I'm talking about people burrowlancing around a corner running a red light when the other light frustrated ahead traffic is as green as a goddamn Christmas tree. We're talking crazy people out there driving around. I don't know about you but I you know my mother says to me a couple of a weeks ago. What you know what they had that playing crash. You're really you're really pushing your luck you do all this traveling. I said I'm going to tell you something. I feel a hell of a lot safer on any commercial jet any day of my life. They're getting in my car and drive it even just a few blocks from my house to the bank to publics. Where about how I have to go. And that's not an exaggeration. Because every time you get in the car and this town you're taking your life in your hands these people are either run drugs. They're assholes. They're morons. They're banana boat people. I have no idea who they are. And maybe I'm getting a little bit whipped up to a frenzy about this but I have never it it's escalating now to the point where there's just there's no stopping these people. They just make up their mind kind of ahead of time. Well I'm going to big hurry it so you know either clocking a morning. I got somewhere to go. Yeah. Well too bad it's a red light asshole. I am serious two lanes of left turn traffic comes burling out of there. And luckily I mean I'm going to make a right turn but I'm like third in line so there's none of us moving at all because you see this you're terrified by this. This anarchy that's going on. Like am I going to pull out you know when I had the light and some other asshole has got to come like happen to me that time down in IOD on us you know near the 70 on street causeway. I'm taking my what was on 10th street or whatever that the side street was there the shortcut to the causeway. 10th half and I'm taking my little strawberry shortcut with my nice blue whatever year it was Corvette. And I'm sitting there in the light turns green and I you know pause you always pause in this town pause a second or so I hit the gas and all of a sudden I see how the thank God I got a little peripheral vision. And here comes this asshole and a pickup truck and he's just he floors it because he think he's going to run the light you can't run the light after it's already turned red asshole and you're like 50 yards from the intersection but he did. So luckily when you got a really fast car I floored it I mean I just knew that because otherwise he would hit me right in the passenger on the driver side at the door. So he didn't nail me but it was like on the ass and the Corvette and you know kind of a stiff neck now you know. That's what I should have said what a sucker I am. But seriously this guy could have killed me there because people in this town don't they they can't be bothered with traffic lights. There are some of you out there listening to me right now who do this stuff and I'm going to tell you you belong in jail and you drunk dry resort to care what Richard S. and any of these other fakers tell you you belong in jail. If you think that you can get in a 2000 pot automobiles and go out there and just do whatever you want and maybe kill some people then you belong in jail murderers and attempted murders they belong in jail. Let the people smoking a little weed let them all out and let's put the guy damn highway murders and effing jail is what I say and take away your goddamn license and your registration and your plates and every other guy damn thing and let's start up and said all this bull crap. This phony horseball bull crap of oh well we're trying to condition the public get you to drive better. Yeah, oh you're doing a magnificent job guys you're doing a sensational job. Because this is the old propaganda that speed kills right. If you're going 43 in a 35 man you're probably going to kill somebody even though there's no there's no signing human life within two miles as far as the I can see you're going to kill somebody. This statement no inspection system people with ball tires with no breaks with no headlights no tail lights no turn signals no drivers license no insurance no brain. But other than that don't confuse us with the facts and have a nice day. 10 20 fix a side about this but but this one this morning was the worst I've ever seen and it keeps getting worse and worse and worse and you people that keep pulling this crap man somebody ought to just I'm telling you something something's good. I just blow your brains away they're going to blow your brains out because they're going to you crazy are you nuts you're trying to kill me. You know mobile one seller been a 60 Q a yeah I know that the board even loves neo Rogers. They're funky they're oh they're the California proof. I you getting home and I just can't stay everyday. You want some relief and that's what you are. And so for you we got the cure just eat some of our seed of every day. And there's what your class of age don't you know that they're going to go and they're tasting. Never knew so it's so place to be. Exxlacks is nice but it don't like fast just he's on rules. Well real fast under party. California proof. What a way to go. Your quedhing snow and more chance from providing you with the beenzer. going once going twice. Boca's gone okay one call after the board this is beautiful here's Miami hello. Neil yes sir are you doing okay I'm going from Miami I've listened to you for a lot of years and I enjoy show what I disagree with you with this can't start a little clean thing I mean every hide and burden one did they lie under all certain lying under all of what we're talking about a sexual affair okay first of all nobody tells the nobody tells the truth about their sexual affairs the president plates a man to go games with the definition of sexual relations the try to okay don't agree in this thing you should have told the truth sir let me ask you the question what differences make how many affairs the president had how does that affect his presidency it affects his presidency because the credibility goes on the drain or he lies in the market people the right did they know when he had when he was elected in the first time did they know he lied about Jennifer flowers well you apologize for that and they knew he lied about it and they we didn't know he lied about that yes he absolutely they did well they think that they're 60 minutes thing and all that and then they apologize for it and the fact that the facts came out they reelected them one thing you know one thing but now you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not to me you don't want to have a conversation you don't want to have a conversation run it the public knew that he was a flanger that he screwed around they was a womanizer they didn't care then people don't come clean about their sexual exploits unless somebody outsed them then burdened in a whole the press conference to announce this until he found out that it was going to be that he was going to be out and he was in Henry hide prelder press conference to tell us that it's a real relevant okay and again playing some and you're playing some medical games and if it may be if it's a crime the question is is it a crime that this qualified is it a crime against the people in the government of the country that's the question that's what impeachment's all about my thing to you and I asked your question is it a crime against the government against the people of the country did he subvert the the US former government it's a crime to lie under all the court okay keep repeating the same thing over and over and over again you got your mind made up my whole your friend I hope you have a wonderful life I hope that you're a sanctimonious and good as Henry hide and then burden and the new king rich who says the president say massacenist by the way and a woman hater this is the same new king rich that was running around on his wife who was dying in a hospital of cancer and he was running around having a fair on the side and was quoted it where it helps my book I don't have to get the book you know what he said he preferred oral sex because then he could say he never slept with his women the new master Mr. Goodie two shoes but the president to massage and either this is the greatest case of the popcorn the kettle black ever seen in my life we have all the day lines wide open here I guess I didn't get the people in date worked up five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a mobile in west Palm Beach hello I do I know okay sir I'm two two two two points I'd like to make I'm what I'm a Republican I wish they'd stop the stuff of Clinton already because I'm tired of it but they're not going stop it right now they're really just begun like the country said I know they're going to they're going to do it until it's the whole party's done and they're going to probably probably in the future but that's not really what I'm calling my mom call about the red light runners yeah I live in four lardell and I work in midday town and let me tell you it's a war zone down there and new you are what they did is they've been cost by I'm nothing about forty or fifty million dollars it is they put cameras on the lights they take pictures of these people and they send tickets in the mail yeah it increased the red light runners by over fifty percent I wish they did some kind of that here and Florida which I understand they were supposed to do that but then it was declined when they voted for it on California but I wish they'd bring it down here because a lot of people are going to start dying or getting the major accidents from these people running red light no pressure I guarantee it you could get you that something is life on it yeah it's crazy anyway that's what I want to call and I am what kind of people are these people I mean who does something like this I mean it's one thing if it's close you know if you're dead just barely you know you're in a big hurry you're running you're just maybe you made it by little or you didn't make it but nobody is going to be taken off the other direction that fast but to be the third and the fourth and the fifth and the sixth and the seventh person in line making a turn after the light is turned red what kind of lunatic are we talking about they don't care that's basically where it is it's just the lousy fair of everybody around the world right now 3d to the okay pal get a good bicycle okay we have an open line in Broward 2 and day 560560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in bokeh hello mobile in bokeh what's the problem with bokeh today how what the F is going out with bokeh they're not there here's what's the West Palm Beach hello any idea okay sir two things with the traffic I'm out with you with that first ball it it's a nightmare out there also I'm sure you've seen this before you're sitting at the light and you're at the straight through lane and the guy next to in the left hand turn lane he's sitting at the red light and he's just the size well I'm just going to do a U-turn on the red well yeah all the time yeah yeah I mean that I saw an yesterday and blow to the track last night and there's a guy who's in the center lane okay to say six lane after you're what what road it was on Atlantic Boulevard or whatever the guy decides he's going to make a right he's in the middle lane okay of three lanes the light is red he's now going to make a right hand turn yeah okay for you right now I mean so he's he pulls over and he cuts off the guy next to him who's the first in line in the right hand lane and he's sitting there in front of this guy now the light is turned the only problem as he can't go because the other's turning traffic that's coming so he's got everybody else blocked off because he don't don't can't use me with there's anybody else being on the road don't confuse me with that I have to go over there okay they figure if they don't locked and nothing can happen you know if they don't look back on you man this state the way they way they keep sending dead people you know people at our 90 years old they get automatic renewals of their license if they haven't had a ticket and of course nobody gets a ticket for going 10 miles an hour like the old people do they have an ticket they get a six year renewal in the mail they can be blind they can be deaf they can be dumb they can be paralyzed in the six year renewal in the mail this is our boy man we they don't give a crap about what's going on out there you want quick thing yes sir well I was going down the road some guy pulled out right in front of me right and going Jesus Christ man I'm doing 50 of the guys is pulled out but then he's cruising along and we pull up to the light and he's in the left and he runs the left turn signal right I'm going what an eight hole and thank goodness there was a cop hanging right oh thank god I don't see that I never see it turns the light on I'm going I'm going alright yeah you know doing the cheerbook he rags thanks for the good no good I'm having a great day I never see that you know we got a lot of a porters out there you know did I understand they don't make the they don't make the decisions but they're out there with their little speed guns they're a radar guns and they you know got the speed traps and all you're going three miles an hour with a speed limit man give me a break okay all you goodie two shoes all you sank the money assassholes out there tell us about how you're going to save lives because speed kills bull crap people at our driving drunk and on drugs they kill people I just have no conscience and have no ability drive they kill you've got to give them drivers license at a crack rejects box in this state you're off of an animal hey here's a driver license here's a green card here's whatever you want what do you need here's a voter registration card have a nice life here's an old beat up brown toy old a toy old a corolla with no breaks no headlights no nothing and have a great day have a good time doing it this is America like those jittneys you were talking about the other day all those banana boat people driving those jittneys around and date county I've been talking about that for years hey man you're discriminating again get off the road you can't drive those things are pouring the oil out of there they they're like in the middle of the road and they just make whatever move they want to all over the road they just move from the left hand lane to the right hand lane back at them it just just get out of their way don't you understand because they be doing something I don't know what they're doing it's got was stopped having a conversation with someone sitting on the bus bench with great we're open Jerry though yeah just no one has a conversation right just leave alone a good time right twenty be partier the Ken Star this the right wing asshole from Texas set the president down here actually had a move in the white house on the cameras and and asked him the series of questions in detail in front of the grand jury about each and every one of these sexual acts alleged by Monica Lewinsky that and you wonder why he got better shape in psychotic and written the person got up and walked out of the room for an hour who is there any person in the universe who would put up with that crowd we're talking about sexual macartheism sexual which on the way that he did he do this and did he have multiple orgasms and was the cigar you know was it a whatever was an in men so was it a big one was it a soggy one was it a big fat huh I guarantee with that bitch hey don't forget to stop we got some dolphin tickets to give away for the stealer game for we got two pair today should we do with the night car or should we just to give me whoever I want to give me to whatever what do you think you'll give me whoever I want to give me to we have two pair for the adult and see their game on Sunday which you'll have to pick up needless to say here's a call from Chicago hello Chicago hey yeah you see you when are you're up that's the meal see these coming October one couple first yep two weeks how about that same he says yes sir unbelievable and not only huh didn't have to see Larry King last night he had Dr. Laura there no I wouldn't watch that if they paid me by the second no I was at the track losing my money well I did see Sammy hit the home run yeah was something a grand for him yeah in a game that was tied to two and a met so it already pulled their game out and the cups needed to desperately see that's the thing a lot of people don't understand they don't want to give him the credit as he's doing another pressure of a tremendous race here where the cups are trying for the wildcard and you know McQuarce been under no pressure all year basically because the time has never been in but Sammy is so much class and he's so cool yep what did I miss with Dr. Laura sir well the thing is I thought about you right away what the end at the end of the end of the little spot there was Dr. Laura there's Larry King attacked attacking Dr. Laura really yeah so I would probably that I was reminded of you know Larry and some of the things that you said about Larry and Miami yeah all the money that he owes all the people and then they do it that yeah okay well have a great day pal and great life up there in Chicago. what is he talking about is there anybody who knows what he's talking about I sure don't what is that happy with the in other words Larry is attacking Dr. Laura which is the like a it's here for Larry I suppose we'd not never too late to grow a pair even in for small pair that's sanctimonious bitch Dr. Laura so what does that got to do with the fact that Larry skip town left everybody you know hold on the bag hold an L cycle I don't get it but hey thanks for comfortable talking again some year here's a mobile in Boko hello. Meal yes sir. The other day I'm sitting on sample road I'm in the left hand turn lane waiting on the light turn green between the turn lane and the other two lanes going west bounds there's a medium there's not like a grass medium but it's painted the line was a hundred miles long to wait to turn but we're all waiting our turn in this guy in a minivan pulls up into the medium right up into the front row because he's better than we are so he doesn't have to wait on the line of traffic so he cuts me off right in front of me to a you turn I like down on my horn he stuck his arm out of his window and flipped me a bird what was on his head but I got in Yamata really yeah how do you like that yeah and he had to do kids were in the back seat where they were in beenies too I couldn't tell oh can I sucker out for some tickets no chance not when you make an anti-semitic comment like that to a Jew we have an open line in broad five said well what the hell is that you should have just told him cut the hoist crazy old he and that would have been more than I could respect you okay at least in the morning five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT wireless line as we continue rolling long sing in a song oh but he light on your own yeah he light about what what in the world was it what what is this all about this is a please best you couldn't get him on white water you couldn't get him on file get you couldn't get him on travel get you couldn't get him on any gate but he screws around and he's not the screen about it to say they're very best okay well big deal that's a real revelation isn't it if we got somebody in the white house who likes to screw around wow what we do huh and like I've said before the rest of the world is laughing at us like world bunch of stone age goofballs they can't even believe that this that this is being discussed that this is wasting taxpayer time and money with all this other stuff we got a we got a global depression on the verge here on a horizon and we're worried about is the president lying under oath about did he stick it in here and did she put it over there with this guy and then mental was it a swishers we what was it you know sounds familiar emotional cripples and it's quite a bit the the polls continue to show even as emotionally backward as the american public has been conditioned to be the majority of them say cut the crap but we're going to keep the media we the right wing and the media we using the media as their uh... deliverer of the message we're going to keep banging away and until we until we force you to change your mind and it's basically what they're saying our those polls changing it will god damn it kid those videos on here get that tape on there let's get some close up and see how ready gets in the post let's start showing a kind of stogi that it was let's put that on here let's get a a soggy stogi and stick that there for everybody's put all right it's got things like my mother said he's a scumbag nice gone mom here's a mobile in Miami hello they all got sir the pockety one-on-one is what we're looking at this is unbelievable they're hiding it man unboot hiding in a community just laughing their ass off at a were the big joke in the world of the city that are that are national leader to be improved by the over a sexual scandal unbelievable ready to you you you the way he's got the major league leader the i's now that one Gonzalez by two which everybody seems to be missing since one slow down to walk and and like to say that you can't even a parent race to the he's doing it right amen have a great day pal thank you so much you know they just don't want to give Sammy his do i you know i don't want to go back into what again it's so stupid these bosos they get on here oh he didn't break in your record sure he did they both broke the same record they both broke the same record the existing record and now of course they can't have a celebration stop the game every time he didn't want to hit the home run because now it's an ongoing thing and at the end of the season we'll see who's the the ultimate uh... home on champ but i mean when they both got crossed that 61 barrier which was the previous existing record and especially they didn't success in it's not like my worry had 65 when so's a god number 62 he tied him he broke the record the existing record all know he never were right okay fine he's too dark he's from the Dominican Republic he speaks with an accent and i'm gonna tell you now again not to the miniguaire because McGuire's you know good guy but Sammy so says a thousand times more exciting than mark McGuire and i don't care what anybody tries to tell me where stupid boring football games that we've had so far this stuff that's going on with these two guys is the most exciting thing to happen in sports mid certainly in my lifetime i can't talk about ever because i can't tell you about Thai cobb and water johnson and so yong and babe Ruth i guess what i don't like talking a lot about stuff that happened years before i was born like yeldy does come on like some little pipsqueak being an expert on stuff that happened hundreds of years ago i'm afraid i can't do that but in my lifetime this is the most exciting crap but that's ever happened in any sport it's a bar none here's my amy hello you know i don't great hey well listen first why you touch an aneurysm you touched an aneurysm i touched it about the probably can't stop here as second when you find out i touched it Neil i i gotta tell you man the i mean i guess i guess because you have people from all over the world here in south florida that have their own set of rules when they drive but i i know exactly i mean you're the first person ever heard talk about this when people have that left light on no matter whether it's screen red blue or yellow they can can you see go and go and go and go i'm not exaggerating when i tell you you're not i said this morning horrified i mean you know i've seen i've been driving a long time so i've seen everything you can imagine but i said they're horrified i'm thinking to myself how is this possible these people are just barreling around here and high speed against the red lights while the other people are got a green light you know what the most insulting thing is that over here i'm just came bovarn of 163 yeah i didn't know it's my amy beach they don't go and go and you and go and you and go and you and go and you and you know what Neil sometimes when i get pissed off and fired up yeah i go out there and i sneak and i get in front of them and i stop and write in the middle of the road everybody also going to look complete idiot out there in the middle of the road but then of course i might get killed when he's a bit continue doing that i'm not at least not all the the statute is a human well or when he's a bit of a good deal if i was a cop i would sit out there and get like what right right i'd twenty tickets get my quote go home early and i get some sleep i mean they they could get these people like a dozen at a time two thousand at a time no no sweat whatsoever they're out there doing it like like i like a bunch of bank robbers and broad daylight and nobody's paying any attention and the log you'll let this kind of crap go on a lot more they do it with conducts and the fleet the immunity and impunity or whatever it is with the problem unity because they figured out i mean when's the last time you ever sign anybody get pulled over for run in the red line i've never seen it in my life but hey who the hell am i once one one time very good just like you got a busy signal on the mine screen one time we have an open line of day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line it's ten fifty seven of the eight out the Neil Rogers show for later day the worst talk radio ever heard in my life with the wl like a really anxious it's eleven four five sixty three whatever it is five sixty wq omega tula got the jimmy jazinshow old jj yeah he's under with hang from five to six with a coach's show as the dolphins prepare to play a almost real team the sealers on sunday that's that's a switch here's a call in Miami hello new yes sir I went on a Disney trip this week and as i'm heading out there and i'm in the Disney area i am going about forty five on a thirty five and you know how there's a lot of different exits to the left of the right right and as i'm going driving down the right lane these apples come passing me like about eight or eight hours and the right and the right and the right and the right and the pathetic at least people are feeding in an area called Disney World okay well don't go back okay by the way there's this old lady of public with blue here that's got a fish food stuck way inside of the back home we have an open line in day and also she's driven a nineteen ninety on corvette open line of day county five six seven five six but the young cubins this out for a boy to sad lot I'll tell you that here's for a lot of day hello good one you sir what is this when is the if i was listening to joy jim what on the team yes sir i don't know how to speak Italian uh... not your peak i guess whatever the hell actually i'm a very i'll go ahead sir i was looking to judge in between the breaks and how many times have you seen so and make a flat out play grids violation and you see a cop on one of the corners and go if they got a lot of the the first don't just come out of dunkins or uh... crispy cream or if you're on your way to the super market to get the milking eggs or whatever i mean uh... you know you just become a paul you sit there and go i can't believe you don't have to do that many time like uh... i did they did look at right and it's just uh... well just didn't register at that moment or by take too much effort to turn around or do something or maybe they're just going home to think if i have a friend who has a i i'd rather not a came up in clumbia when to get his driving past when to get the state of order driving license so he could go to seven loving gets a box of a cracker jacks but we'll get what they're crunching much has got a miss here he failed twice and passed on his third time all in the same day he passed on the third time he he failed twice they didn't take a that's up they said you can't hear you met me yeah they gave it to him again but stop and think about this or and i'm not not exaggerate renewal licenses for six years in the mail for six years so in other words if you're ninety five they're giving you relations you can drive it to your hundred and one you may have just gone blind you may be deputies may have like uh... paul see whatever you got but uh... the state of sends you a renewal in a mail he can't congratulations for not getting the ticket here you go got him kill somebody it's a state problem yes i got my parents ticket they're right you yeah that's right and they got that little ice pride the little ticket they give you that that's for us six grand huh yeah yeah yeah okay i'll see their proud okay yeah what about you now they're nice i like those tickets all the hotel you want to see bad stories oh i told you Terry Mary was going to be tearing his hair out by the roots he doesn't understand what he got himself into Terry's a good guy okay what they say he's a really good guy says here is grimage looks like last year's team coach is charred to stay shay and yesterday this he was just disgusted and he took him off uh... oh god nauseated with the escrimmer job there and had these guys going through the motions and no motivation and he's uh... he's pissed off and fired up i'll tell you that and he's not going to put up with the abulcraft that we saw last year but the only problem is he's inherited primarily the same bullcraft team that we had last year without a gold tender but they say Sean Burke made a couple of great saves in practice yesterday the fine gold tender of the panthers as deep a windridden yesterday morning the fine gold tender uh-huh oh yeah okay deep up you keep sucking away sweet heart there's a lady mobile in pebbler pine silo hi meal yes man you know in reference to these drivers yes i see them i work in the emergency room and i see these old codgers ninety some years old are driving of course and they always are in an accident it's never their fault and you say to them what is the deal with you can't you know maybe you should give up driving oh i drive perfect never got in an accident but if they don't get an accident they cause the accident because they're going to slow in irretto and they're so terrified that people that are desperate to try to get around them do irretto and desperate things and then they're the ones of honor getting in a the reflexes are like snail right they should have some sort of rule maybe every year they have to go and try to do that and you know that we've got the great panthers here in florida and boy you don't want to mess with them because they have a lot of time on errands they go out and vote so every time they try to pass any law that would require them to retake a driving test or do you want to oh no we're not going to do that we're going to vote shot office it's terrible yeah i went to go get my license renewed and there was this old guy who was you know very bent over could barely walk they're telling him to look in the vision that little vision box yeah you say i can't see where's the box yeah yeah and he got work on sure i was out rage yeah well he's to you walked out you know in the right direction anyway the exactly have a great thing that great door arena we got that big uh hockey fest this Saturday now we need to team there you go i know you're asking for a little bit too much i'm not okay carry it away we don't want to get baldy pissed off here's davie hello good morning to you sir hang up what is it it's Polish oh okay hey forget about geldi uh those banana see forget about geldi how years ago 20 years ago it's before it's time huh anyway yeah he's a gets on early starts pontificating and whining getting all has their colobot bobby times since home run in 1951 and stuff that happened long before he was born I mean where is this credibility does he have any low course not did you see anything in a paper it talking about the national car rental arena on the way home people are going to have to pay 50 cent holes on the way out if it's an article in the paper today what do you mean by that I guess on open park when you want to get on 75 what yeah when you get on 75 that's that that was before they built the uh that's the dealer and they built that so if you're getting on at that point you got to pay the told even if you're going just a next stop what I mean if you if you got all the people coming out yeah I mean how long is it gonna take to get home if everybody's got to stop and then it's on something that be some kind of you know how about the 70 7000 people are leaving Joe Robby Stadium I mean uh pp parks use me formally known as how come most how you got 70 thousand people had most of them go on the turnpike they have to pay a toll yeah you're right except once in a blue moment they decide oh we're gonna lift the toll because we got 80,000 people in here and it's hectic and winds in a good mood or something plus the sunrise uh mayor or whoever that said there's been no tailgating in the parking right that's right I say I say let's give my hand I say let's uh let's a mayor for life because most of the people that are heading in there they've been out in the parking lot for an hour and after the ones causing trouble once you get inside yeah so no tailgating people don't tailgate at hockey game I hate to break the news to the people of South Florida you don't do a tailgate party before a hockey game you bozo's tailgating and public drinking go hand in hand city manager Pat Salernos said city manager is sunrise adding that grilling with fire in a parking lot is not safe it's also hard for officers to tell whether a tailgator is drinking soda or beer he said you know what I'm talking about there you go hey let me take a sniff of that soda you got oh my god this pudge for you man tailgating we got people that are you know something this is again we got some this beautiful place this fantastic arena which I've been in there and I've found out my seat and the chair I'm going to be sitting on too and I mean it's just polatial it's beautiful it's great and of course yeah I'm selfish about that because it's right next to my house practically but we got all of the money you're going to have to pay a toll on the time the uh saw grass and the you can't tailgate and get the extra drunk well get extra drunk at home okay coming a limo for Christ's sake we got enough crazy drivers out there already with a you drunk striving out there and I got news for you the plantation in the sunrise polis are just going to be out there looking for you drunk after those hockey games I promise you that right now I'm talking about good post-print the achieved the city of plantation police the chief I'm going to have a long chat with him make sure that they need your ass if you're driving drunk out there in my neck of the woods here's Miami hello yes sir how's it going great quick question uh we're watching a comment don't don't you think that the biggest thing that is really there was a thing with the president now it's more than media than anything else yes I mean they're inflating this so much you know and and they're trying to make it so much they won't stop they just keep pounding it and powder you no matter what the polls show day after day after day they show the numbers but then they start banging on again and he's in big trouble and now they're going to release the video tape and and now they're forming on the in the in the in the in the car and the house this morning they showed a couple of minutes ago on CNBC they're showing these they're they're just forming it them out and even a chairman of the Democratic National Committee now very self-righteously says we will not give any we will not give any uh election campaign funds then he democratic candidate who you know makes a personal attack against his opponent so I don't I don't understand the double set of standards here in other words if this is going to be a criterion for holding office whether somebody was screwing around I mean the lying about it goes with the territory anybody knows that but if that's going to be a standard then why to hell shouldn't we know about everybody's personal life exactly especially if we got people on the committee to judicia or committee you're going to be making these decisions pull the hell are they to be called a kettle or black when they're pink exactly and then the other thing to know is don't they think that they you know I think they were really really any quite a bit you know for him yeah I mean it's like you know enough is enough right I mean every right test the tail every I mean I mean who cares right really I mean with the only thing that I'm concerned for example is make sure that he's running you know the country the way he is which I think he's doing a pretty good job yeah and that's the only thing that we all should be concerned about whatever else he does in his primary life is between him and his father time for these people to cut that crap that's right quick question yes sir could I get those tickets for the stevers game you're a hold on you have those tickets he's one of your people he's sucking around I think it's Puerto Rican I don't care what he is he's a good guy and he's you know maybe he doesn't even like Clinton but he said all right things he pressed my buttons he's got up here we got another pair don't panic not that I'm gonna give him way right away because that would be we want to milk up as hard as we can even else you to board and cow even janirino never got milk like this are you shouldn't say janirino right after you say else you to board and cow that's really a very poor taste I'll bet yeah all this is the most despicable the most discussed oh and then they're saying that they warned the the committee has already warned the people in the White House and anybody else that any attempt to interfere that that any more of these leaks these personal scandal leaks will be construed as an attempt to interfere with the work of the committee and therefore these people can go a jail for it they're gonna be in violation of the law so so my question is who's doing the covering up we got all these sanctimonious right wingers who are you know they're starting to be dragged out of the closet but all we do maybe if you bring that out you're gonna put you in jail huh how do you like that so it's only the president's penis that's the only one we're concerned about now we don't even care about Peter Norse anymore anybody else all we care about is the president's penis and that one saggy cigar and that the stain on the dress etc and so on oh my god this is just so embarrassing and humiliating and it's time coming at the worst possible time when the world is like topsy-turvy we've got all these serious problems to deal with and no matter how many times this man apologizes and repent and goes through this song to dance no matter what words he uses it just thank quite good enough to finally put a rest to it and you people in a media like I've been saying for months now you need mental health you need mental health you're out of your minds they just keep banging you and whipping you into a frenzy with us here's Miami hello yes sir what's going on Neil how much hey you think it was a torpedo or a Churchill don't say winestein Churchill no Neil honestly um what I can't talk about with semi-souls I think it's unfortunate I don't think they thought he was gonna make it and that's what they did what they're doing to it and they didn't think how long does it take to put on his younger than Maguire he's coming into his prime now he's picking you know what the business of make how many hit last yeah how many did Roger Meris said he never had more than 39 any other year except the year he had 61 what does that have to do with anything like contest believe me that'll be where you're life then uh given it to my long one they should have given to Jordan you can bet Henry hides life on it okay whatever you say we have an open line in date 5670560 and pound five 60 on the mobile tailgating and scalping band at the arena there you go a little scalping thing ah come on grow up already what what what is the big deal with that why is scalping such a big deal down here you go to Toronto right there on Carlton Street by Maple Leaf Gardens on the day of a game there you guys running around with fistful they're about gold you want greens you want reds what do you need a need a couple of gold they they got all the tickets you want and nobody they don't get busted nobody pays any attention man the tailgating get rid of it we don't need tailgating at hockey games okay next thing you know we're gonna have too many sparsis on the thing don't we already have you know well well in the Kevin Weeks you know you already got a couple of sports roles on there that's enough for right now that's not over do it but tailgating when you start bringing at the football type mentality in there we don't want that we don't want any violence in our game and I'm talking that's right here's Pembroke Pines hello okay so I mean tailgating why you're gonna tailgate number one it's not just the hockey events you know I mean are you gonna tailgate for the uh Elton John and Celine Dion oh sure yes personally Celine Dion you gotta keep good and drunk to enjoy her singing I mean even if you're high you can't even you know did that true if you do imagine mushrooms you couldn't stand at her post uh terrible you know they're taking away from quite a while you wasn't on the Titanic you know yeah you know I'm talking about like you know if it wasn't doing the correct job it's president on that how can you do the job when all you have to answer questions about is it stupid controversy yeah they get the president of Czechoslovakia here yesterday and uh they have a press conference his first press conference in months and almost every question to both of them is about the Monica Lewinsky and did he answer truthfully who cares about what we're doing play who cares where they stuck this cigar I mean we're talking about such juvenile stuff here that anybody who's making these statements ought to be embarrassed they're gonna get rid of the face and go off in the corner and hide very well why and down here and they were asking all these stupid questions they're like that yeah ridiculous questions about his life and everything like that it's just I mean that's crazy me that's just the uh mentality something is reporters um these drivers you think the drivers down here about oh my god it's also like North Florida yeah unbelievable we got a bunch of old people and you got we got lots of got locked up there and how happy and all the time you think it's five they go about 10 12 at the time through there you know absolutely ridiculous but uh oh yeah and you know Wayne's actually doing something nice for Joe Robbie yeah what is that oh no he's good no I don't know if it's not you yeah the statue right oh that is that him is doing or do you know I'm sure he's you know he's somebody probably came up with the idea said okay if you say something yeah are you going to the dolphin game with we can I'm not can I go for it can you go what would you mean oh you want those tickets it's possible okay no problem okay there's a rather pair that's you end of our tickets yeah I could have helped it to a related run out anywhere he was going but he sounds like he wants to go and they're giving the damn tickets okay sounds like a reasonable guide to me 11 26 at 5 68. This is the Neil Roger show this is your brain any questions we better call up rid rowing see what we're going to do what this damn stock market being done 200 and some odd points today they're getting him on a phone your life fourth meeting between Monica Lewinsky and El Presidente just before leaving according to Miss Lewinsky she told the president that I wanted to talk to him about something serious and that while I didn't want to be the one to talk about this with him I thought it was important that he know she informed him that newsweek this is in newsweek by the way the new one she informed him that newsweek was working on an article about Kathleen Willey a former White House volunteer who claimed that the president had sexually harassed her during a private meeting in the Oval Office on November 23 1993 Michael Isakov of Newsweek had talked with Miss Trip about the episode in March of 97 and again shortly before July 4th and Miss Trip had subsequently related the Isakov conversation to Miss Lewinsky she understood that Miss Willey was looking for a job and she thought the president might be able to make this go away by finding her a job the president responded that the harassing allegation was ludicrous because he would never approach a small arrested woman like Miss Willey all right there he go you can toss that bitch right out the window man oh man he wouldn't touch those little raisin that's with your hands okay yeah she was looking for a job just like all this stuff in here about well when you know Monica started threatening in this and that because uh well you know she needs a job and she gave him a job and they are right bunch of scandalous crazy bitches is what we're talking about be where the sperm scorn bitch and that's the reason we're in the middle of all of this crap that's what it's all about it's nothing with anything else oh but if you lied to me about that right who isn't gonna lie to you about that I want you to answer me the question who isn't gonna lie to you about that who in the right mind is gonna go into every graphic detail of some uh uh especially some married guy who just happens to be the president by the way oh sorry we have an open line in date 567560 and a mobile one line there's a mobile import saying Lucy hello hey Neil yes sir are you talking about great listen I just want you to know my father just turned 88 about three weeks ago oh he got his read picture review in the mail around right call me up to tell me how happy he was I went over there next day at a long talk of them I've taken his license my father came to operate as garage door oh right I took his license now I said pop that yet you need to Tony where why why why why I'll take you wherever you need to go there you go now I'm in the process of going to the car actually nothing need to be driving anywhere good work oh you can go to a walk on congressional metal of honor this guy take that driver's license away immediately if not sooner I think the only all all parts that ought to be able to drive is my mother other than that take all the rest of them take your license right now get them off the road you only say that because you don't want to have to drive around every way good point oh I'm not sure no she can drive okay and she did and the good thing about her is she doesn't drive very little she goes to the store she comes to my house when I go on vacation that's about it that's as she does she don't go out there dillin all around like a lot of these other crazy people open line of broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty at a mobile one I haven't even told my basket robbing story yet so yesterday and then now I feel better because I find out that Fed Joe ate that part of dual city lately the hugging does yesterday or release some of it most of it all of it two of them did you like it oh yes he's he's uh oh god his taste is so bad you know if you're going to be fat at least be fat eating good food well seriously that's a good it's going to eat ice cream don't eat crap don't say they let you my ass it's crap that exactly I couldn't have said it better myself so I leave here I go and get my mail which it's tricklin it's the trick it's coming in and then I on the way I figure it's right on the way I'll go up university drive there and I'll stop at my basket robbing zero north of sunrise Boulevard and give me like that jemocca swirl I talked about the sugar free that was so good instead of going to get in something loaded with sugar in there you know so I walk in there hey the guys on I'm Neil how you doing you know always that deal they all know Neil guys name I think is miles how you doing miles you're okay in my book good guy didn't let me pay for it by the way so and they don't have an asset how's that sugar free stuff you mean in jemocca swirl I said in it's why we don't have it anymore he heard me talking about it but unfortunately the basket robbing people stop making it well I was just talking about this the other day every time I find something great the they stop making it whether it's armies windies now basket robins and then his name hog and does it says limited edition on these caramel brittle crunch bars you better go out and get them now these caramel ice cream with caramel swirl dipped in hog and ice milk chocolate coating and peanut brittle crunch bars oh god those will put a tingle deep inside your rectum another parts that we can't even mention on the air even your uvula will be flapping when you taste those so anyway they don't make that anymore so I had some of the low fats stuff which and thank you very much miles you're a good guy you're okay by me yeah the basket robins at least is good ice cream I don't think there's anybody who would dispute that but hog and does is yeah and you're putting on a that would be like going out and going to the olive garden and having a tagging meal or something like that I say a tagging meal yeah right pseudo a tagging meal cheese I mean get with it if you're going to be fat which you are and so will I at least eat good stuff that's a fatening not not a bunch of crap 22 till noon at 560 WCM's the men that's called the game starting at 1 only on sports radio 560 QA a favor to a favor to a favor to a favor to a a has prosecuted for the right you're like a Nazi from the O.S. right a split in heinous to find anything like women who like it in between what your problem can be star don't you think you got too far everybody think you are like you'll simply carcede did you know that your McCarthy was gay? look kind of like you can accept he never bane he kept right home close by his eyes until he got fired with broken die what your problem? can he star ruled great great great great or here's the fact that san jannah for the actual the worst talk show host in the history of broadcasting. Someone finally has a fast-joy rentals. I never thought I'd see today that would happen. P.S. and I didn't see this because I was in the track last night losing 90 bucks. P.S. those assholes at Wami screwed up the end of your 10-thirty short last night. By the way, I want to congratulate Terry Kuro, a miserable performance at Combo Park last night. Thanks a lot, Terry. Somebody steer him in a right direction. Okay. Oh, man, is he kill us? Okay, where we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen to that Ken's starting. I noticed that every time they show him in the news, he has that smart gun in space. He's going to talk to us. He's got that coffee counter that Doug. He's got a jug in his hand. We're up to that fact, he just sent you. Sure, I was watching the show last night. And the last couple of seconds, you were talking, but I get to cut in the voice of, you know, telling people what they were going to show next on Wami. Yeah. But what they stepped on me is that what you're saying. They stepped on me on that show on Wami last night. Oh, nice. Oh, nice gun. All right. We've got to put prints on my, uh, black go. You know what I mean? Have a great day, pal. Bigger. Thanks for the good news. They're stepping on me on Wami now. That's probably because they didn't want to hang around here for Stephanie and, uh, and Rob to give you some kind of propaganda. What was that all about? Why is he always so mysterious? Why can't this man just come out and spit it out so to speak? Why can't he just say what's on his mind? He's always on, but it be, but it was dancing around the ages around the periphery of what everyone's to say. And I just, uh, I don't have like 75, 80 hours a day to wait for you to come out and spit it out, Rob. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 70, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And by the way, George has been warned. You only get two warnings on his, if he ever makes a comment about Danny from Wami's feet again, he's out. That's it. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. My brother-in-law works at over at the, uh, the new arena doing a communication work, right? He saw the practice there. He said that Sean Burke was like a brick wall and Kirk McLean was just wasn't ever. Like I said, well, I got news for it. It'll be, uh, it'll be the, you know, today it'll be the opposite because between the two of them, they're both very inconsistent. And, uh, you know, I mean, I don't hope for the best. Maybe Sean Burke with a change of scenery will wake up and to be consistent, but he never has been in his career. Okay. Keep in mind, he's been on a hundred different teams in the last year. That's true. One other thing, uh, speaking about bad drivers, you know, on the same thing, I'm sitting out and working out by the airport and I just watched the same plane miss twice on a landing and flew back around again twice. In other words, if they afforded the landing, they're both in the landing. Is the weather real bad out there? No, it's on perfect. Yeah. Well, maybe they're practicing, you know, practice makes perfect. Of course, I mean, I don't know if I could say it, but as you probably blanket out, but there's fine air. Okay. And they crash once or whatever. Why would I? Why would it blink that out? You know, you know, they're, you know, they're posed mostly. And, but I've always said that and at the other one, I don't want to mention the value, Jeb, but when you see a plane with a clown laughing at it, you know, that's not always a good sign. Have a great time. Is there a train now? Okay. Okay. Whatever you say, he's a pickin' on to your lines. Yeah, that one time coming back from Amsterdam on Martin Airway reported the landing and the, but live told us story many times. It was raining and it was windy and as we were coming in, you felt kind of like a little unstable at all of a sudden, just a few feet from the one way. Hey, we're going back up again. It was pretty nice up there, huh? Yeah, let's go back up there where it's safe. And then I found out later on in the day that a whole bunch of flights are coming in that happened. I guess that's not really all that unusual. I mean, I've only had it happen that one time. Thank you, Madeline O'Hare. Thanks, somebody. By the way, do you ever see Madeline again? No. She run off with the money? Uh-huh. Good. Hope she has a good time with that old bitch. What's she going to run off with money for? We have an open line at Broward 560, that is a mysterious thing though, isn't it? That she just vanished from the face of the earth, Madeline Murio here. Just that it's appeared. I mean, we don't know if she's dead. If she's alive, if she's scotter with a, I mean, how much money could she get? Atheist don't donate any money? Well, what does that mean? Anybody out there know where Madeline is? No. Maybe she'll be able to let her get in tonight. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. Oh, I'm not doing so high. Why not? What's matter? Oh, I read that paper yesterday about way not allowing you know, tellgate parties. Yeah. First of all, it's not football. Look at fun. Yeah. I mean football is not allowing tailgate parties. The city of Sunrise is not allowing it. I find that hard to believe that he was quite pushing it to and then scalping to. You know, wait, let me ask you this. Doesn't it mean on PP Park and don't they have to tellgate parties over there every our game? Yeah, they can. I mean, you can blame him for a lot of things, but he has no authority to make decisions about tailgate parties at the New Arena. He said less play him in many ways. Because if he said no tailgate parties at PP Park, I actually Joe Robbie. First is, it can happen. Sales are going to go down. I mean, this football. That isn't hockey. hockey is different. Different sports. He's just trying to admit this in the butt before it starts. I mean, they got to lose a bad taste in my mouth, honestly. I mean, I think that's what Monica said, too. Oh, God. I guess I am just so static that you know that he sold Marlon. I'm I might actually go to Marlon. See, sure. You know, you know, you might actually have a team almost worth watching and they might create an atmosphere out there that starts making it fun again instead of a suicide inducing. What's the name of this new guy that's buying the team now? John Henry. That's right. He's a wild, driving guy. He's got bad piles, but he's going to be hell of a good go oner. I read in the paper he used like, I don't need to say goodbye to you. I mean, if I want to stadium. I don't know how to say goodbye to him. I'll build my own way of being a build. I'm a grown guy at the stadium. John, we're real happy to have you, but build your own stadium. And by the hockey team, two, please, because we want to get rid of Wayne there badly. I'm a static. I mean, I'm going to tell you something. Pavel Buri is sitting up there. He's been suspended the Vancouver, Conox. This guy is the most exciting player in the whole national hockey league. It's not even a contest. And he says he will never play for Vancouver again, which he said for two or three years in a row. But this year, I think he means it. And here's the guy. Why doesn't somebody come along? Why don't we open up our checkbook? He says, OK, we'll make a deal for you. We'll trade you whoever had you want. You want Sean Burke. You want Neeter Mario about Warner. We'll throw in a kitchen sink. And of course, they don't want Kurt from playing because they're not. And those he suck. But at any rate, would we get him because he wants too much money to high paid? No, we don't have those superstars because we don't pay any money because Wayne still owns a team. Can you imagine the excitement opening night at the new Mac arena out there and sunrise and Pavel Buri is out on the ice for the Panthers? Oh, my God. We would be moist. Oh, tell me about it. No. There's nothing. All of us all this crap is about him, you know, foreign money into the Panthers. And he can happen. Not for the one. What crap about pouring money? Nobody's selling. He's putting any money into it. There's no way he's going to do it. There's a cheap prick. We all know that. Oh, absolutely. Anyway, I'll see you there in the no tailgating. OK, no tailgating and hockey game. Let's cut the crap. We have an open line in Dave. Well, what a grower. 560, 560, palm 560 on the mobile one line. Don't forget this. And I don't want to be negative. Man, I love hockey. I love my panties. I love my maple leaves or a laughing stock at a world of, but this ad. I keep pointing. I saved this from yesterday's Sun Sentinel and Paid 7C as in see this. Oh, this is bad. I am not a goodie. Two shoes. I'm a farthest thing from a pro. I got a great sense of humor. But then whoever came up with it, that should be fired. So, who's screaming kids on this page? This coming out of the heels. A little kids blowing away their classmates and teachers and all these other shootings in schools and everybody out of their minds with guns. Shot's fired and it's circled in red and red circle. Like, hey, look at his shots fired. Screaming crowds, live panthers, bring the kids. And of course, it goes on to be an ad for the hockey. But this Saturday at the Macarena. Which goes on by the way from 10am to 8pm. There'll be a play or autographed street admission. It's a free parking, Slip Shot Caves, New Jersey and Vailing of the New Jersey to a class. See, that even that is not done well. It says New Jersey unveiling a 2pm. No, the New Jersey. You know what I'm saying? The un- Oh, it should say the unveiling of the New Jersey is what it should say. Hey, you're a genius. No, don't take a genius. We're going to New Jersey unveiling. Hey, they're going to let's look at the current. Hey, New Jersey. God, there's whole book in there. See next? There's 10am fly? There's angle wood? Get out of here. Locker room tour. You're going to let you go in and mark the esposa. It's already marked right. It's not too happy about it. Oh, guess who I haven't heard from it a long time. Okay, we have an open line of David One and Broward. 670560 and Bob 560 on the mobile one line. And what I have to say about it? Yes! Oh, God. My life is so peaceful and calm now in the house. Here's a Pembroke pine, hello. You know, are you doing great? Yeah, I'm married and I guess under the court, the courts and the Clintons definition. I haven't cheated on my wife yet either. You know, huh? But that's good. Yeah, but seriously, cheating, obviously. I mean, I think you go to the end of the day and we're lying. If you're going to cheat, obviously, you're going to lie about it. So, I mean, nobody cares or not that nobody cares, but in my opinion, and I think you feel the same. It doesn't carry the way because it doesn't affect any national policy or any interest that the country is trying to obtain a national debt and so on and so forth. It's also security. So, I just, I love that these stories are coming out now on these people. And they're going to kind of dig their own graves. And it's definitely going to be a backlash November the polls. You know, I'm going to go in. And I'm voting 10 times Democrat. A quarter of a board. You know, 20 times. So, I hope, you think they'll be a backlash on them as time comes out. No, it's really hard to say. You know, the thing is that they're hoping that people are going to get so turned off that Democrats are going to stay home and they're not going to come out and vote and answer, result they're going to have this big landslide. But I mean, why not help with anybody want to reward this witch hunt that's going on here, which is attempting to bring down a whole goddamn government and, you know, a circus, a side show and a circus here, which is deflecting all of our attention and the government's attention away from the things that they should be taking your business, like maybe passing a budget for next year would be good. You know, see, they're so revengeful for iron, culture and water gaiting. And they're demeaning the office of the presidency. Forget about the guy, but they're really earning the show. They really cared about the house. And this indignation of theirs, about all this is the most disgusting. All they are is red in the face because now, you know, all that's going on now is it's being shown that there are a bunch of sanctimonious hypocrites like this woman and I to hold this channel with woman and Burton and Indiana who's nothing but a Nazi. And now Henry Hyde, who they pass off is, oh, he's such a wonderful, the gentleman and the true way. Yeah, it's a bunch of bullcrafted. This partisan is today is long and next to problem with this guy then, country is politics and this country has nothing to do with what's good for the country. It's a game between the pulling against each other and it's a bad newsman. It's a thing. But you know, Neil, the thing why I think there's going to be this backlash is because any more on democratic republicans, libertarian, whatever it can see that they didn't have to go to these extremes or come out with such a detail. They could have easily done and made their case without that. And by the way, they're having their meetings today in secret behind closed doors. That's right, we're about releasing the tapes. I thought all of this was going to be like in the sunshine, just like in Florida, government, the sunshine, and open to the public and on television for you to watch these hearings. And this debate, this dialogue, all of the haven't closed or means today to decide when and how and which they will release these tapes of his testimony. Beautiful. But does not partisan, we want you to understand that there's no partisanship, but we're going to be really fair. Right, you tell him, Henry, just run and hide. Two open lines in day to QA, yeah. But Neil, Roger Show, Fort Lauderdale. It sounds like pit train for the Jesus. He is like a shadow color, beautiful. He is like a brand-lo-color people. All the Superman, trying to brand-loot a knife with a glove in his bag. His other dance bag, which of the front coat, but there's the wind outside the truck. Some of the floor. All the air. A sergeant on the door. All the same, all the women. We're dealing the flood card from all the same. He tried the blood, you've heard. Some send them came to the front, from the back, you're in front, his and rest to what Neil. Unloys in the rear. Oh, Jake, it's nothing. Troubling his sergeant in the land of the sergeant. He's like a shadow color, but you've heard. He's like a shadow color, but you've heard. So what are they trying to say? A kill in the call. Oh, we know that. It's a 12.02560 WQM on a great Thursday. It's okay. I'm going to go to the right. There's a guy in Westin, who had his marriage broken up and his life ruined by Henry Hide years ago. It's very, but so was Henry. Here's a Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil, what up? We do a forester. Did you see your friend Pat that palm glow athlete? No, she's on a sabbatical. She's on a slow boat to China. I got a Titanic update. Can you talk? No. They're trying to, they're censoring it. They're dropping it up and offering a censored version. They're getting sued by the studio. I saw that. I think orange snapped me involved in that. Could be. You crack me up a couple of days ago. You're talking about your wardrobe for your TV show. We're in those Tommy Hitten finger shirts and everything. I'm going to have to somehow know I'm going to have to hook up my dish here and so I can get that or just tell 69, right? Right. But no idea what it'd be in Boko or whatever. Well, no, it's not on a cable, but I mean, you got to put a UHF thing on there. I think you can get it if you have a UHF antenna. Yeah. I'll work on it in the video too. Okay. Good luck, pal. Just keep working on it. We have two open hours against a lot of work on it in Boko's ended. Oh, so like I said, don't work on it. Two open lines in Broward 560 and Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What do you think? Should Henry hide? No. Let's bring him out. Let's put a spotlight on Henry. Let's shine a light in this crouch and see if there's any stains left over. I want your name's dressed from 30 years ago. You never know. You never know what you might have hiding in a closet in a broom closet somewhere that old bag. You might have one of those old stained dresses from back and angry hide days. Let's get the old evidence. You know what I'm talking about? I'm cool. Yeah, we know already. Okay. Here's a ghoul. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. I can't listen to your radio show at the office during the day. To meet a computer, to meet a parent's. But I was watching the TV show last night. Yeah. And you can't be peating a phrase over and over. Rying under oath is not poetry. That's right. What? Sir, you can laugh while you want. I mean, this is just a minute. You think I just made that up? This is up to the definition for poetry at the last night. And it basically says to give false information on her oath. But that's not correct. That's not the total legal definition of what really constitutes legal perjury. That's not correct. It has to be a material to whatever the subject matter is. And the judge and the Paula Jones case is already ruled specifically. That that testimony was not material to the case. And it came to been thrown out anyway. But we're talking about now. The Monica Lewinsky is who we're Ken Star in a federal grand jury. Asked him if he had sexual relations with him. Yeah. And again, he's playing semantics. He was playing the same semantics. If you think we ought to win a picture president based on semantics, because he was trying to Before getting in the juicy details of who touched what and who did this. And then we got real problem. We'd understand it's net picking. But I mean, Ken Star was in there investigating a while. Well, let me ask that something. How come Ken Star was investigating the president's sex life? Will you tell me that? What the re-attjudges mandated informed the federal, the, the, the, the special prosecution. The independent counsel's office. Yeah. What business did the, the, the, the, this righteous right wing Ken Star have going on I sexual McCarthy, I, the, which one of the presidents of every detail of his, And I re-nose office initiated it. Yeah. Do you want the gave him the right? I know that I've said that many times. But what, what, why did he have to expand it? The, but we're going to go at every juicy detail. And what difference does it make going up pattern? A pattern of what? I'm not a red on her dress. A pattern on her dress? No. There's a, I mean, I'm here. I'm not. You're saying. I'm saying. I'm saying. I'm saying. It's a, it's a ridiculous issue having sex. I understand that. But that's, it's a bigger issue here. Is that if he was lying under oath? You know, are we setting for, are we setting for that? Let me say it again. Here. I'll come on setting for a future president's regular light about Lauren contra, Bush light about it. Johnson light about the Gulf of talking to give us an excuse to go in the war and Vietnam. I mean, well, sir, are you really that naive? It gives a, I'm going to tell you if every president light only about his sex life. We'd be in good shape and have a. Great day Jesus Christ, how can there be so many dumb people out there? Or it's a dangerous president. And let me tell you one more time. Ask red of on suster and brown and Roger Cossack and all these other legal experts on CNN and all these other 500 numbers. They've been saying it 20 million times. If you listen to a newscast, the reading newspaper lying under oath is not constitute perjury, sir. I didn't just make it up. Look up in the goddamn book, okay? Like Larry King would say. Would that be Larry would say? Uh-huh. Look up in the goddamn book. Jesus. And on a one had he said, well, you know, it isn't really much, but on the other hand, it's a bad precedent. Let's face it. You want him out. That's your entitle to your opinion. I don't have it of a green and have a great day and a great life. I think it's pathetic. I think it's embarrassing. I think it's degrading and humiliating. And if you can't nail somebody on a see, this is the thing. There's a constant pattern all right. And that is when you go after this and you can't nail him and you go after that. And every other guy dim thing out of the sun. And you still can't nail us as, ah, here's something we can get him on. Because there was Hanky Panky going on underneath light about it. You think the Kennedy's would have given honest answers about their sexual exploits in a white house? No, oh, oh, man. Jesus, Joseph and Mary. You think that I was now going to talk about his German mistress? No. You think that Nixon would have talked honestly about his Chinese girlfriend? No. Or that Bush would have talked honestly about his extramarital affair? No. Oh. Who might be even out? Oh, and then there's, oh, there's a great. I'm so glad that this guy called. Woo! I'll find which paper it is. One moment please. I always read the letters to the editors because most of them are from silly old people who are seen aisle and nobody else has time to waste the writing letters to the editor. It was about now must be in a hero. Okay, one moment please. Nice to meet you, sir. Hi, sir music. Do you like rap? Okay, here we go. It's in a hero. Here it is! When I was born, Harold Courtney in Peberpines is probably 110 years old. When I was born, Franklin Delner Roosevelt was president. The esteemed for the presidency was instilled in me by my parents and teachers. President Harry Truman what I was now Ronald Reagan in George Bush may have had their faults, but they did not embarrass the country as his brother President, we got you got you got you got you. Okay, there you may be next time we can fight a president who won in Beres, what he's saying. You know, is that interesting FDR who had a mistress? Almost the entire ten that he was in a white house while his bullbed-like wife Eleanor was off living with a girlfriend not even in the same goddamn house So God forbid that President Roosevelt who got us through their oppression and World War II and four terms in office by the way God forbid that he should have embarrassed us by a cheating on his wife. I mean get out of here You silly old farts these people that live their lives on but some kind of a blanket over there have been blinders on like a goddamn horse What am I getting all worked up about you know, I mean it's just it's just so silly that it's pathetic It's just tragic Ten minutes past noon at five sixty w sixty q a say it's a 12 16 at five sixty w crimp all and they did perfect Very today. Thank you, NEC and Chuck of course from the sit this is exactly the way I want it all the time You know This could buy me my basically my meal for the day We have two open lines in Brart because we're not giving away more dolphin or steeler tickets today So it's you know it's not gonna be as easy as you might have been Every time we do that we have a lot of me know we get some interesting calls people the otherwise aren't quite as motivated Call him say something that might be on their mind. You know the last guy to that pains me I mean I can disagree with you all day long Everybody's got a right to their opinion but when you don't know what you're talking about When you're making juvenile statements that on the face of them. Oh, it's a dangerous precedent What the to presidents are going to their sex lives if they're screw it around? I Hate to break the news to you even know which which one of these right wingers yet? They was saying that even politicians oh that it was um was if you can and know not that far to the right But almost Even politicians have a private life. How do you like that? What a concept even people celebrity show business people should have a private life We're did all this stuff start anyway Yeah, I do that because somebody is famous Uh these paparazzi and all this other bullcraft that we heard about with the Diana stuff With these tabloids all of your famous and you're making a lot of money there For we have a right to know who you're screwing where you're still gonna based on what Based on what Here's Miami Lake, Sillow Hey, New Hawaii great I apologize for fucily for that asshole called earlier Which one what that last call I believe it was you're about the dangerous president? Yeah, I mean It's right what you said it when you don't know what the hell you're talking about I mean You know he's given me the definition of purgaries if we haven't heard it For these lawyers on TV last the two weeks None what I want to say I want to say a few things to you. I mean first of all why is everybody looking first about the Clinton? Why is everybody looking at this like? Uh, this is the first time somebody ever cheated on the wife and then this and that I mean I say look at Jimmy swire what Jesus brother You know he cheated with what happened to you to know all but then again, you know Clinton is a lot worse No, now that we got this Henry hard stuff. I think that they ought to put it on we ought to have 24 hours today I mean it's hit for tad you know, what's good for the ghosts is good for the gander Well, and we got the guy right down here this old guy lives in Weston that Henry high was a broke up his marriage And was having a no fear for four years with his wife All right, let me tell you another thing. Yes, sir. Just to show you how much of a This government is you go and tell Castro that he's cheating on his on his wife and see how far you're gonna get in the You stay online There's a hard should be on death row right now And we should be having his execution on the CBS evening news with Dan Watter sister night You've been a long season no longer than I have and how many people that mean to you And to me the Castro has killed and nobody has touched him. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean give me a break and then lay off a Clinton. You know what I mean? Okay, yes I bought the traffic thing. Yeah, I'm a student pilot Okay, and I think it's something I'm trying to convince my boss to build that goddamn airport in it's in the back Parking like I thought I have to drive in the same place anymore. It is disgusting driving in Miami Okay, but okay, he's pissed off and fired up. He's got an airport in his backyard We have an open line in the eight five six seven five six eight and five six eight and five five six the only 18 deep He wants to have an airport there. That's what you say. He wants a hell of a pad a launching pad a something pad A maxi pad Sounds like getting so hydrated. He could use a maxi pad pretty soon. Look out scored for it to late Here's a call from Teverney or hello Good afternoon Neil good afternoon to you sir. I got a question for go ahead We're all a 10,000 shows on TV in a 60 million talking heads. I've been searching desperately to find out What's going on with this great jury are the in session out of session? What's the deal on session? Well, then how can they make this stuff public is it all supposed to be secret? What do you mean it's so as he's been leaking it out everything that he comes up with they leak it out to the media? I mean this tape is tape yes All is right presentation to the congress isn't that all supposed to be part of the group? It what is their purpose in all its audience? The purposes to embarrass and humiliating I got him out of office and to make some political a he with it and to take a stranglehold on the government and Who knows what after that? I mean you talking about Going against the constitution. This is a blatant going on the founding fathers are ruling in their graves over this right now Geren't you that right now? You didn't Peter Graves ain't too happy about it You know they say well, you're missing a point he lied he did that that I mean that you talk about being very Selective and nitpicking. I just don't get it anymore But instead and and even if you read the transcripts at the monocle what's he admit that she was practically blackmailing him for a job because he you know he finally blew her off so to speak and you know And we don't hear anything about her and her behavior this was too consenting adults and then she went up with these sinister motives and She gets together and she's blabbing and everybody's in the damn world about this I mean you're talking about a manifestly irresponsible bitch and immediately they didn't iron interested her I mean at least but we're supposed to be feeling sorry for her now this is obvious obvious evidence Right wing conspiracy I mean they want now is us to Believe that we got a a moral leader in the White House. We need a moral leader Right that doesn't sound like the Christian right. I don't know what is let's put somebody good in there like Jimmy Baker You can really yeah right away right away Long you don't catch him. It's all right there you go. I have a great day pal. You do see you Yeah, let's get Jimmy swagger and Jim Baker and all those other good right wing guy Minera and Pat Robertson whose wife had the babies 10 weeks after they got married Which we don't hear anymore about that and that Paula Jones first TV appearance was on the 700 Robertson just the coincidence don't you understand and my employers quitting the Scott Paula Jones when a original lawyer's quit and he's right wing lawyers Can then paid for by the far right that was just a coincidence They didn't have any ulterior motives. We know that because this isn't political keep in mind the right wing Extremers they're only concerned in what's good for America right here's Miami with six questions Marks hello Hello, yes, sir. I think you just shut up already. Well, okay. Well, I think you need a proper. You need a animals What I think blueberry would be good flavor of the week at basketball Robin blueberry blueberry Swirl I think is what it is let's uh reticums were right in there for a little while Like I said the young Spick today County man we need so we need a we need a transfer Somebody's once we got here over there and so get some bright ones for more r else they're coming from Here's a mobile in bokeh hello Neil yes, sir. How are you today great good? Did you you're at the track last night and a and he had biography on Yeah, and they had the man of the hour Mr. Star oh my god I got they they pointed something out that he gets up every morning and things Christian He's yeah, he's a phonetical or right wing religious nut. We know that That later that called you last week about the get-lo's grin. Yeah, I think there's a lot of truth to that You know you know it says in the newsweek article I was reading last night in this week's issue That some of his staff members had to explain to him you know when Monica gave her testimony Describe of all the uh intimate acts the sex act they had to explain to him what some of the acts were How do you like that pretty scary yeah Let's and you have a good day and back to you. Maybe they had to get out a couple of blow-up dolls. Okay Mr. Star do you understand okay she put and he oh god, you know Go get Ken Star a towel he's getting a little bit to override or start to late 12 20 by the way lunch today is great Chuck. Oh god is this steak and cheese none is see this is perfect If I could just round in the sea of this every day I would never write any that other crap any that ice cream No more ice cream. Okay, I'm till Italy oh That's not that far away 12 25 It's we didn't expect it to run this long that's That's okay, but he has no problems. Yes, like wow. Go in many money. Okay. Well thanks for the good news We have an open line in day one in Broward 56705 60 Pond 560 on the 18 T wireless line They're hockin a trident, but I mean, but I'm about to go in for those tapes to come out. Let me say it again Last Friday all these Nazis were positive beyond a shadow of it out once they got those transcripts out And they had them all bundle up and they're opening up all those cartons and they're slipping them all over the place Once we get this stuff out he's finished. Guess what Wrong okay, well, we're gonna make sure that the media people keep banging on this and banging on this Well, every Nazi in a Congress getting up there making these impassioned speeches and acting indignant and all these cowardly Democrats are gonna About to be but over there gonna run away like a like goddamn Jesse James they're gonna be running so fast There was a Jesse Owens both of them. I guess Jesse James ran fast too And it didn't work so now tomorrow or late this afternoon We're gonna have the tape test the money shown while the president's true that that's what they're saying they want to show his true colors Now when somebody says that what is it indicate to you? Doesn't it tell you that they're trying to humiliate him and embarrass him and he agreed him and Do everything in their power to lower the public's steam form? Most people don't have much anyway at a personal level, but they still think he's doing an okay job and they don't want him drum that office They just read the media and these other people they refuse to get the message they're trying their damnedest Everything in their power to membership then manipulate public opinion is the working so far. No not too well Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing this fun in my time I made you talking about the cool of food Yeah, oh, whatever you say Open line in Broward 567.0560 pop 560 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile in my Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you going buddy? Okay? Yeah, I was watching a couple things. I was watching world news tonight. Sam Donaldson. Oh, and the middle of my lungs How was that not Sam Donaldson Peter Jenning? That's probably even worse Yeah, I had a little segment on there about can start go too far and that was pretty good and then at least people were We're against them about you know, hey, all the little nit picking stuff that he's just picking his own grave anyways Second of all I was in Tampa the other day and I was in this office and it was subject came up and and I She said they asked my opinion and I said hey, do you call him you find I've got no problem what he does in his personal life This guy goes oh, it's Harvey Greenspan you've been wanting to get the kind of economy going right Then the woman Harvey Greenspan Yeah, that's what the guy says. Oh, that may maybe Harvey fire steams Yeah, and then this woman shines in and says she says to me she says now he's the president of the United States And we should know everything that's going on in his life And I go hey What about when we start finding out what's going on in your life? What about bloody dire We had to hear about his bowel movements like we did press it a nice hour. I said what if what if we're they start Poke around in your life What on in your life? Yeah, yeah, bitch. She's probably all those bitches that the blows a lot of gas all over the earth There was there was no section arguing with these right wing bastards. Yeah about what This and what that's like just kind of shut by mouth and then Amber and it have closing and In closing meal. Yeah, go ahead In closing This is for Ken Star Why don't you go to hell you not be faster? Okay, how does he really feel low? What were I what was that guy saying? We have an open line at Broward five six seven or five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th he wireless line Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hello Laby and Miami. Yeah, yes, ma'am. I just want to ask you one question. Yeah, if they go to humiliate Clinton Why don't they humiliate that slot Lewinsky at the same time? Yeah, that's what I'd like to know And the newspaper people just don't do it. Huh, so I don't know when that's going to happen It's about time because she's trying to get away with murder, I guess So what do you think, Neil? I think it's almost new here. Have a good one We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty On the 18th you want to think I'm almost done with lunch and I'm sad because it's so good You have to save her every morsel What do these slabs? I mean he's got you Sub as a TV people the whammy people the whammy whammy whammy guys Mostly turkey some tuna their turkeys and what about fat you and you what do he have today after his up two months of me The ladies you're either he's a mepul yet we know them Your South Miami hello Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Winners to talk today. I don't think you could humiliate Lewinsky that Anything that's happened so far if she's not in her right? Any bitch that would save us address with a commissar Noted must be out of her freaking mind at her mother and the gods and there's fucka they should be in a mental institution Or she would save it a baseball a mark with wire baseball a souvenir Eagle I miss the first a missed the first two hours of so are your show did you or anyone mention that If he makes good on his promise there's a player out there available that if we possibly could trade for Would make a almost certain immediate impact when the season starts and burry Did anyone talk about that? I mean First of all first of all first of all who they got to trade for him and number two they're not gonna pay him that salary Maybe need or more in a draft that anything would help you can you might they're gonna get Povell burry for a need or more in a draft pick Anything would be better than than what we have yeah, well it's not gonna happen They're not gonna pay them the guys mods like nine ten million dollars a year whatever is contract It they're not gonna we don't have any superstars on this team. This is a team That is in the 60 year of its franchise the only guy you might have ever considered to be like an Superstar category was van Beesbrook and now of course that he's gone there's been on outing him and he's stunk it is it You know and there's now one legitimate superstar that's ever been on his franchise other than him Well, it would have been nice place to think about but we're waiting to see when the season's so hold your breath sir. Have a good day Okay, enjoy the new arena and Enjoy the macarina. We have two open lines in the day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18-to-Wirlist line We're getting popbell burry ride And Peter Nedbed by the way is gonna sign up he is already signed up playing the International League with Las Vegas Which what a waste of talent here's a guy. It's a 30 or 40 gold score for sure. Hell of a player Want's too much money, but nevertheless he's gonna wind up playing there because nobody we don't want to pay him most some serious money It all comes back to one thing and as when you've got a cheap fast dude. It doesn't care about the fans does care about the quality of the team Who's got his fist tightly on those first rings try to you know and of course this is coming season Ball he's gonna try to squeeze as much as he can out of that arena to make up for the losses he had down there in Miami And he doesn't give a crap about winning losing anything else because he's gonna unload this franchise anyway, so what's all this he care? Here's Hylia. Hello Hey Neil. Yes sir. We're gonna have alcohol stain on the program again. What am I gonna have mom whenever you bring this badass in here? I'm looking for a job, man. Maybe help me off. Okay. Uh, we have an open line and tell what kind of job is he the oil job that kind I don't think you're his type. Open line a day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line Mobile and coral springs hello Yes, sir. Are you doing pretty bad call it okay? Hey, I was these lawyers that I can't admit you may love a case You know what you said the right to You Here fall keep like they're doing right now You know Okay, listen call me back when you get new phone Well, they got to try something you know We have an open line and Broward five six seven oh five sixty because we don't have a justice system in America We have a game that gets played Yeah, you go out and get your lawyers and we'll get our best lawyers. We'll see who wins the game It's got nothing to do with justice. It has to do with being a game. Remember O.J. anybody remember him? Uh-huh Not that we're playing the race cards right on bro. I'll have that black power salute Here's for a waterdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay? I really enjoy your show and I just want to say thank you for that Maybe on your radio show. I'll have a comment on this whole thing with the president. Yeah, um, you know If it's the only thing that we have is just try to give them a give us the people a Right just try to challenge the truth. I mean let's just get it under our belt that even though President Clinton did lie and do all those things In impeachment is and is adequate for that punishment because it's just destroying the whole System as it's already been corrupted and if all we can do is get him out of presidency and put us the new president or get us into a new direction and Cause 43 million dollars that he spent on his defense up all the whole time You're talking one of these words that are because what is it that you're saying? Well, I guess what I'm saying But my point is that I think we have every right to go out to him and try to get him in peace. Why is that? I feel as a majority that we are entitled to having Okay, great. Okay, bye bye bye. The majority we are entitled sir. I'm gonna tell you something I've had some colors who talked piglet and they made more sense than you do We have an open line at Broward 567560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's the intelligentea of America coming forward speaking their peace baby and they got a peace. Oh, oh my god I got a peace and I've stick with cheese and onion right here Well, it's like a little onion over there in the corner of this container, but it's not Here's Oakland park hello Yes, sir, how are you doing? How do you like that guy? Pretty out of the ball But what about he like Kelly the double pocket area. I don't know what they're talking about neither of his E I got a quick question about hockey is the the crease gonna be The boring circle again or what no they've they've chopped off the edges Oh, what about the crease Not and that too. No, they chopped off the edges of the crease to make it smaller so that guys were like on the edge Who may have their skate was used to be in the crease? Yeah, I instead of just getting rid of that stupid rule And letting a real goal be a goal and the lie Judging it with the referee and the lines been there. I mean if a guy is often a son and has nothing to do with a goal-based court That's the decision that should be made but unfortunately captain BM by the way You know is one of the great proponents of that in the crease rule which is the dumbest rule that hockey ever came up with Oh, well, it's nice going captain BM that's for teams for how about the exercises that new thing coming out soon Any about That special edition thing they have any any minutes You're helping all the boy I'm a captain. No we have an open line at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump by 60 on the AT&T wireless line Lorenzo's wish You're living here and I'm in it But I don't know I wonder how many the sanctamodis assholes call in here what I have us relate to the country all of their sexual Escapades and if somebody attempted to do it you think they might go to any lengths and under the sun and try to cover it up You bet your sweet as they would you bet their ass they would oh Oh, no, but he's brought us to a Yeah, right you know the French pay-dose paper Laman they said they thought that it was Cute that the US had a present that was having extramarital affairs They thought it was amusing and cute and there's something that they admire how do you like that? Of course we all know it's something brand new So during the course of the break there which of course you all in a whole can hear Georgia side of the conversation But the way some spot we were playing something had something to do with the bonus bonus ass And I said to George your bonus ass a figment of your imagination And it got me thinking there for a couple of minutes during the commercial break that here We are it's the 17th of fricking December of September We started December 30th. It's now. Well, what is that like nine months almost closing out nine months? One enough to give birth Unless you're pet robber since wife it happens in only ten weeks And this man still doesn't have his bonus from back in January February and March the winter book He's gonna be doing a show next week for nothing by the way for not one additional dime Does he have his bonus from the winter book from the spring book? Does he have one penny of it? Does he have a lot of empty promises from Greg Reed? You know this this business of that man standing in the doorway there a few weeks ago and chuckling and laughing and saying Oh, and you tell them all I'll make a bet with him. You know, it's the whether you're gonna get it or not How would you like it if you have a bill like wood like with FP and L And the bill is now like three months past doing their time here. You know, we're gonna share your electric off because We're just we just don't carry people this far and you say to them. I'll bet you that you're gonna get to check Huh No, seriously, do you think that would be a suffice as an answer? No, I'll make a bet with you I'm gonna pay a someday That's basically what this man was saying Is I make a bet with you that someday will pimp if you continue screaming about it if you threaten legal action I mean it's wonderful working for people that you have to threaten legal action for people to get paid what they're do In something less than seven or eight or nine months you'll be easily people over there And it's too bad we're not still on four miles this morning, but I'll remember again tomorrow between 10 and noon You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Nobody no men conduct business like this No real business person jerks people around like this and plays with other people's money like this And he comes down here with a straight face and looks at it. You know like it's a big joke Oh, yeah, well, I'm taking care of it. Oh, as long as you say you're taking care of it, Greg that really Very confident about it. Okay, like where is that $200 for that spot? Huh, where's the 200 bucks for the spot? I cut which the joke how still it was anxiously waiting for Which you could go out to the track or have a good time with this weekend Anybody know where that 200 bucks is? No, Adam no Adam's out there scouring the countryside find out a few more crack accounts Okay, here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes, sir Neil I've been waiting On my cell phone for 14 minutes now to get to I'm to speak to you because I wanted to comment on that moron Who called the president a common criminal? I didn't think of an criminal. He said criminal which is even worse All right, but criminal is someone who commits a crime and thank God nobody in this country Is commits a crime or is a criminal until they're convicted? Yeah, and have the benefit of do-process In the case he doesn't have the patience for that don't you understand he's already made up his mind Yeah, but you know if he said that about a private citizen a private citizen would have an excellent case against him for liable or I forget what the other term is yeah, but I understand it. Yeah, you know it's just there is possible is held to say something I listen people don't worry about whether the response of blue and I think just all have you know if they didn't like him in the first place They just use this as a reason to well, you know Put the last nails in the coffin and that's where a lot of these people are coming from they didn't vote up on They'd like him in the first place, so why not jump on the bad wagon in it in addition to which what a lot of these people don't understand The star report was an advocacy report. It was a one-sided report his version of all of testimony There was no cross-examination of any of the witnesses of the revival of courses Written by the president's attorneys, but it's not in that report So this guy's only taking things that we reported in a way that was slanted to accriminate the president There is anybody in the world nobody including Ken Star for really believes all those 11 counts that he alleges that are impeachable offenses Nobody believes that well, I'm right over off in yeah Well, I'm delighted to say that He star has made it perfectly clear So I think any thinking person in the nation that he's embarked on a personal and a bitter ventrata Yeah, the destroy Clinton personally and professionally would a lot of help from the media to by the way You know, Neil I have never agreed more with anything that you have said when you you know when you said that this whole thing was a media creation Yeah, the reported John this has been so he's been He had been drumming this thing and drumming it for last day much this day would have gone way a long time ago And it's like he'll be person on the air who has any perspective about this You That's right Congratulations You too keep your passport handy We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line We're living in a country where these assholes the uneducated masses out there know nothing about freedom No nothing about government no nothing about law They wouldn't know Henry Hyde from the Mr. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde And they're all but that that that that they all got the opinion because opinions like I've said a million times before like assholes Everybody's got one and that's opinions in America whether you know something or not like they got it's given me a lecture about you know Well, how could you say lying under oath doesn't constitute surgery? Very easy because that's what every goddamn attorney whether they're for against the president That's what they all agree on including the ones in Congress so go argue with them expert Here's Miami Beach hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing great? I'm just shocked why have people thought to know about this? Determined the TV and Anytime the day and you find people you find any program about adultery why have people so shocked that's right That's very common how about guiding lightmen? They're doing everybody in town on guiding lighten right when each other doing their mothers their fathers their sister Reloads their brothers their sheep your last call is the only one that I agree with because the person who called you before But that pigland had no idea what he was talking about me. Okay, great We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty I wonder if these guys actually are doing each other while they're making these calls. You know I'm talking about I wonder if they actually like have a grip on each other Because the one guy that called before we told you are dropped here that this one is the one with the smallest penis Let's go to a North Miami Beach, hello North Miami Beach Yes, sir. How are you? Good show? Yes, sir. I know you like the gamble you go to the track all the time I see you I go to the track all the time. I love pumping out. Yeah, once a week wins the night. That's enough for me I got 25 thousand cash in your bet the kid's glint is kicked out of office Yes, my lawyer you're lawyer me. What how back? Yeah call up Hank. We don't gamble on his show Kittas had a gambling show call up on call up Hank red cap and they do gambling show We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the AT&T line Here's a make believe check from the measly green corporation written out to George Rodriguez For dollars signed by Greg Greed I've been compiling a lot of good material about them for next week by really good Ripperman ass with my enthusiastic permission and approval and encouragement Because the days and the weeks and the months just continues sliding by and they just continue You know stonewalling They do well. I'm doing the best I can't well get a goddamn check over here for Christ's eggs We're not just making this up you're the man. He's the guy I'm a certain amount of money pay the goddamn bill That's all do business like a real business person. I know that's revolutionary in this outfit And they just keep lying and lying. Oh, but you'll get it someday. Yeah call up this last guy make a bet with him Set it John everyone Okay, it's 116 at five sixty wqm happy Thursday to a happy New Year We got brush your shone everybody's running around for the high holy days They're eating their gefilter fish and all that other what was that stuff at a rent-os-fly? Seriously I mean, I know that every now and then the agency likes to put in a lot of stuff and they're usually Italian stuff that nobody in the world could pronounce it Especially me but that was really Spatial By the way, don't forget now what what is your young kipper a week from Monday? Look on it. It's on a calendar over there. What's the with a beanie on my head just to show you how ridiculous it really all is Oh, but you gotta have two separate heads of dishes and you got a fast-on young kipper. Yeah, right Whatever you say Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello Yes, sir. My arm you sounds like you. Oh Oh, I have two very interesting things really Yes, I I agree with you on this button thing and they MS this VN what is it MS VNC yeah, those people They're driving me nuts like called NBC in the York number one you get a busy signal Major corporation you get a busy thing the job but then I found out how to get through Uh-huh, but now I get on I said I thought you said you had two interesting things Well, I have two well, which is actually one of the first one coming, yeah? Well, that was interesting. No, okay. Told you I told you had the interesting crap You know, he said he had some interesting crap and that's what he said We have an open line of day one in Broward 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's Daniel. Hello Yeah, you doing okay, sir. Good That guy was pretty interesting wasn't he? Yeah, yeah, he was really interested. Yeah, kind of interesting is that guy way in the back there that started talking about Clinton being Picked out, you know, he sounded like he was gonna go into a religious right thing there for a moment Should have given the next or second. Oh, they're all coming out in the woodwork today They're all fun. Then the guy wants to a bet me. Yeah, you know the guy from the point of time That'd be 25 grand this guy needs to be putting a cooling out join somewhere That's what I said, you know, yeah, I'm just stood up to hey You know, I'm the president don't mess with me if you think I did something wrong Pretty sure you shouldn't have said I'm the president don't mess with me You should have said people have private lives even elected officials and Quits sticking you know is in my underpants in there. Let's get out of the business of government And he should have taken a very firm stance like that and Polk and started blowing out his hands Yeah, I mean at least the people that may not even like him with it getting all the semanical stuff that he really it was at a sexual relationship was at an intercourse Who the hell gives a crap what difference does it make doesn't matter? It doesn't matter a lot of people that I know that I work with those that are further up north from here and In the car line is there they they want to see the man fall. Yeah, you know a personal just the personal thing Yeah, and they probably got their Jesse Helms blow up Dillon They're you hit the state on last year But one good thing. I'm going to Italy in the beginning of October and I've never been there great Friends of Florence and then over to the Adriatic area and then up into the whole country Uh-huh and just to eat and drink and look at some life art work and yeah One or two days in Florence will be planning to work three days That's one day to be placed with the Indians. Yeah, right? Have you ever heard of a court of justice? No, it's a court of law or law There's a big big difference. Well, that's pretty sad. Yes, it is and have a ensaiadojay. I'm thinking. Okay, give him my regard Oh sorry, O.J. Jeez We have an open line in date 567560 Pont560 on the mobile one line Hank Goldberg at two and don't forget the Jimmy Johnson show Jimmy and your Johnson 5 today with Hank on a Hank old Berg Show and we got another Marlon game do we have a game tonight? Thursday again No You know, I'm gonna tell you a bluff less than you're such a foe Oh God Why what does he do this like yeah wouldn't it be possible for him to do well like a bridge to tighten this thing up and put it all on one page What do we got we got oh we got look at we got a six o'clock because there's no Marlon game, but I Man did you be on the night. Oh, I sure hope that nobody calls up about that Syracuse Michigan game I hope that man would do it more than 400 calls on that Me, you can baby how about those Spartans? There's the real school up there and Michigan and we don't even give a crap about it We kicked off the enemy here in Notre Dame beats Michigan to wake them out last Saturday night and kicked a living Snot out of the fighting Irish out of Notre Dame touchdowns Jesus there you go And another girl school the orange been from Q Syracuse Pounds the Snot out of Michigan in the Wolverine Like I said that Tom Brady can play on my team any day of the week Where do they find him? 125 it's five years six you'll have to do a year I don't so much And now for the music there already okay nothing I got there music I love that KJs The best I'm sorry Brian Boca Brian's the best I mean good term man I also want to let you know that I prefer excellent meals without the bread I eat steak onions peppers cheese and many others he said Anytime you need something to wait will be happy to live her food you and George don't forget we're right down the street Love Brad from Tony's pizza That was good stuff that day, remember man that was some of the really in fact Yep, Cole was getting real nervous that day Who he was starting to do the green apple quits that all over the wall off Because Tony's whatever that places so we'll take you up on it when I get back from vacation when I'm done 100 pounds Here's Miami hello Bill Quentin is a bastard okay. Thank you Opeline and date 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Thanks Ken Was that Ken Star or Ken the guy with the eyes here's for a lot of deal hello You know what's even more amazing is the fact that green like I said We have an open line in Broward 567.0560 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line We don't talk to chronic son is show sorry And I love the way that they just start right out making a little my baby better But I would like that without even saying hello how are you up your ass? I need to get all is if it's gonna mean there gonna be on a lot longer which it never works We don't talk to chronic son is show we also don't do gambling odd I don't talk about how I bet the one horse and he's a park in the fifth race last month and Brad Cramer went up a year He broke into start about a beat. I don't know the ones that cuz you wanted to why Does it's boring that's why Terminally unbelievably boring If you have a chronic gambling or thing be my guys to have a great time I just did not interested in hearing about it. I quite frankly don't think most other people are either Yeah, but the three in the five will do seven eight and the three one up in here and the five-way accident Over the right right exciting we don't give a crap I lost $90 oh my god, oh my god You know there's some nights you lose you know 50 bucks a hundred bucks and you feel like you had a pretty good night Maybe we're down like a whole lot more early. Oh, I'm not I don't I just don't bet I don't gamble. I just did it around a little bit and And then some nights when you lose 90 bucks and you feel like you lost 10,000 like last night Everything we touched turned to There he goes he's talking about well that's so sure how boring it is Here's poppin. Oh, hello I know yes, sir. I got a comment about the driving down here I track no All right, Terry Kuru's killing me. Yes. Oh, the driving the people the way people drive. Yeah, I'm sure I have to drive And our shower traffic and the worst is being on the highway in the third lane And some of this I need to get off and put it on the brakes and stopping in the third lane and waiting for traffic So they can move over to get over to the exit right there you go That's just close because the only one on a road don't you understand this is the mentality in this town These people have no interest in any other rest of us. They are the only ones on a road Or they come flying up the exit only way and then I'm Shooting back in the traffic when they get to the exit. Uh-huh, you know, and the whole highway gets up the top Ridiculous and then the red lights they need to put those cameras on the on the light if they don't do something I'm gonna tell you they're gonna be many of you listening to me right now that after about another few months They're gonna be some of you in a box because they're killing people I was I almost got wrecked this morning some we I have to go through a flashing, you know Splashing red on one side and yellow on the other right I was on the yellow side and a bus cuts me off and then the guy behind the bus cuts me off and And he just when he looks at me like I'm doing something wrong. All right, oh, yeah, that's right every time they do some a half-ass thing They look at it. Give you a dirty look. They flip you off because they're right in the world is wrong Don't confuse them with it. It was a cop behind and I don't know if they pop pull them over or not No chance Probably not I'm popping on it. I'm a way of the don't know itself. Okay, I have a great day. So good luck Yeah, but get up my second try so good. That's what I'm gonna do We have an open line in Broward 5 670 560 pump I've 60 on a mobile one line where are we are the red turn The left turn to what we call them the red light left turn police The red light run we heard of the road runner how about the red light runner? Let's get somebody out there with a brain to put a stop to this The light changes to red and they just continue pouring and pouring around it Corned like when is it stop already the second one in the third one in the fourth one in the fifth one? Enough Man By the way, you know that one is very good, but boy that is going through me like an H bomb What do we got? 23 minutes to kill her here? Well, it's gonna be pretty interesting Like I said Here's Miami. Hello Oh, yeah, sure Good afternoon. I thank you taking my call. Thank you for making your call. I I I agree with everything as being said about Bill Clinton and I think this is getting a little out of hand But I have a question, maybe you can clarify it to me. Yeah, I thought the prison had It's not kind of a nudity from some of these cases. They go to court. I don't know how the court allowed And this is what we're talking about Paula Jones. That's how we got to Monica Lillinski How do we allow somebody in back in 1994 who supposedly came sexual harassment 10 years later put to the court And now You know this thing has gotten totally out of hand. How do we allow somebody 10 years later to put a case into court? This is Lawrence because Robert Bennett was an idiot and he never let him testify in the first place And we're talking to prison in the United States You got more things to do than deal with things that happened 10 years ago And again keep in mind this wasn't a criminal case. This was a civil case which eventually got thrown out of court It's a civil case Well, I mean we got here by mistake, but you know Bill Clinton, he's got one point things to do Well, we're in a sad part of it is with all the Resources that he's got you thinking come up with better return he Robert Bennett and David Kendall agreed but yeah It goes back to the concept of this precedent that everybody's talking about you know if somebody a person