What's your name? I just see a Greg briefly. Okay, so 1132 at 5.60 WQM we have an open line in Dave 1 and Frower 5.6. 7.0. And Menso is not an animal moniker for the weekend. More of these things are due. I bet these are perfect for, huh? We have good fit. We're going to say a tight fit, but I guess at this point. It's too late for that. How about light number lines in Menso from next over the weekend? That's also Luke Monica. Like with one of these. Okay, where we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, E.L. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. A.L. Someone told me that's far. Ramford rubber along with plenty of vegetables. Are you going to put them out there? I know. Well, I don't think so. Who's a judge? No. All right. Anyway, the way I see the old thing is in front of me. Well, that's part of what the either your psyche through your already saw this. I'm seeing them when they were reading the report from the president's attorneys. That's part of what they're saying. The laid out to think about how the deposition and the Paul Jones case was a total entrapment because that was at the time of the day. Well, lived a trip to a wire cap Monica and a whole thing. So that's a lot of the charges that the making was in the legal and traffic to a lure him into a, you know, the fan. You know, I think the American author, even I, I'm always going to be off next president. It's not a worrying about this guy. We've almost been to the out of office anyway. Yeah. I'm saying two years. I've had a bad week, Neil. Yeah. Did you want to leave so thick of debt? OK. Let's go through some of the I, shall I? Some? Some. Is that a part of it? Yeah, but I think there are people that think of me there. On the phone, I'm going to look at my hand and say, oh, really, thank you. I want to thank you for the video. I can't even, uh, just let's get up today. Oh, God. I think you can say a lot of people that you know they get pleased you. I don't know, you know, they, they before the same day is over the calling and one of the words of the hell, you know, Sanders have been very young no Cas years You know, he said that he had to prove it. What did this like, how did you... ...which did this? You know, was in Pennsylvania, been following... ...and following... ...he had an misfortune getting involved in the getting involved in a big fight, did? All right, all right. I got a lead reign of it. But he might help you to survive it, I guess. Okay. They might take part, though. Have a great day. That's sort of a leading mobile in Miami. Hello? Hello, Leo? Yes, man. You're the founding founding, how are you? Remember me? Bobby, I live from the single day. Yes. I've been lying all the way all the time. My name? I said... Oh, hey! Anyway, first of all, I want to play out the Latin or the Latin. But it was so funny. I wanted to listen to this act. He wanted my good friend. Said, you know, he's telling me how great class... ...that he should know to wear the alabas. He didn't even know this at any time. Uh-huh. I didn't want to. I'm sorry, I'm afraid. I just need to tell you what's your difference. You're the first person that has ever said anything. But they said about this monograph. You know, I have an answer to the psychology. I want to tell you. But I first heard about this girl, and about the background. I had a little figure out. Yeah, I tell you. I think from the mother, you know, one of them had to get her immunity. I mean, the mother keeps that strength in the body of the people in the back. Very long. I was thinking of one of the second things, and I had to be an immigration expert. I've never done a media of these Twitter. I've pushed the people on the media. Don't seem to have any problem with that. They've been nobody's questioning why anybody would do that. I've never had to. I've never had to. I've never had to. I've never had to be a person. I've never had to be my mother. So I didn't know around in the round. I wanted to call you because I feel so powerless that that was going on. You know, you feel like you want to do something. Have people say something. Yeah. It's like this far. I'm away. You know, I don't know if I even ever mentioned it. I wrote it on the panel to a couple of programs. Nobody has ever mentioned how strong. We've had that for two years. My own. Oh, yeah. It's cool. You know what it is? Yeah. But they think that's a professional psychological expression. But people who are ready to see the film you know, but they're going to be more flexible. Or flexible for the day. Yeah. I always wanted that every time you're seeing me, it's coming out of some garage somewhere, parking lots. He's got that stupid copy from his in his hands. He's got that stuff. And when you think that somebody was really impartial and doing this investigation, they would come out with a very solemn look on their face. He looks like he's reveling in a he's prelling from it. I got a one Bobby. He's good here from him. Okay. My life. Okay. We got Hank Goldler from Daniel High from a, from primary dog track. Okay. Same difference. From primary dog track coming up next. And then we got to, what do we got at six? We got probably Donnie B. We got somebody talking baseball at six. Somebody who doesn't work with me a lot of money. And then we got to pregame at six. 30 the Marlon's going for last number 100. It's the Bravest tonight. And we got to govins our radio, but also on TV, David. On Sunday. So it's two o'clock. No five sixty. You a. Out. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Hi. This is Joe Peshit. And I would like to be serious with you for a moment. The talk to you is about a little know, yet devastating disease. It's called Tourette Syndrome. Many people suffering from this affliction aren't even f***ing aware of it. It can happen at almost any f***ing time. This is one f***ing problem over here. And I'm trying to make you f***ing assholes aware of it. What the f***ing laugh and I don't even have it there. Look at that guy over there. He's clapping. You think he's just f***ing funny? When he's think of being f***ing funny over here. What the f***ing so f***ing funny over here. Did I say something to him you use? Look at the f***ing guy laughing over here. All right. All right. Come on Joe. Come with me. That's right. What did you do that for? I know. You're going to have the barrier. I'm not bad. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. Get your body. Come on. I'm very s***ing funny. Anybody see a good fellow's last night for the eight hundred times? Oh, okay. Sorry. So happy Monday to your borders. So much stuff going on where the hell do we start? Look who are. What is that? Chee-go. Go for six chee-go. You're here all the way back. You got trouble. How are you? How are you, Sammy? You know, if you were still getting certain people off the edge of the game, who didn't care last week and aren't going to care this week, kiss one. I don't get a crap myself. Whether they care enough. What a weekend for the comes and those two games against the Burrus Saturday. brewer Saturday and then again yesterday and then Sammy had 61 and 62 and was there any like a media coverage? No was there any like big a song and an answer out there on the field like there was from Mark McGuire? No. Is this kind of like turning into a racial thing now? Uh-huh. When people first thought that up I thought I hear we go again every time anything goes on in this country it's a racial thing any minute Jesse Jackson gonna be sticking his finger in his wood pile. But I think it is. I mean Mark McGuire is a big uh white uh goofball and so naturally the media I mean you shoe fox people shame on you baby. Oh of course yesterday is Sunday football you know we came to the top that of the day the last week for some strange reason they put the cardinal game on their last Sunday but yesterday here are one of the most spectacular days in the history at a course Ridley Field Jam Pack and when that game was over when Grace hit the home one on the 10th inning to win the game after Sammy had hit 61 and 62 to the media to the matter and everything will move on. But all they had to do was take all of the isolation stuff and put in the other 17 cards they could have put an asterisk monolawinsky testified that they did this and you know see uh see the appendage or somebody's append something. It didn't have to be an air but they made sure they put it all in there because they knew it was going on the internet first it was going all over the world and they expected the public was going to say oh my god some the exact way and guess what they didn't they didn't say that they said I had a same old crap all over again we know he's screwing around and guess what lying under oath is not perjury I hate to break the news you can start it ain't and here's all he's seeing and numbers let me say again NBC yesterday the new job approval rating for bubble was 67% it was up three points for Friday. Oh they like a god and those were the stickiest goods to guard that's what they said and this morning on CNN the job approval rating for the 64% today Friday and Saturday with 63% it's going in a wrong direction can start what's that all about and they asked the one when pizza is president 66% said no that's as of this morning 31% said yes you see there's a constant 31 or 32% that hate Clinton like poison no matter what was in the report no matter what the question is you know get rid of me he sucks we hit him like poison that's constant it's been a waste in January same there were roughly 30 31% to we send sure so that we at least say oh this was bad don't do it again 60% said yes 36% said no that's today's pollman the only poll of course that's a little bit off on all these is ABC which the numbers are much lower because sand onelson and cookie Roberts are controlling all of that but there's something really I mean if that guy that Disney stock is going in a crap or hey go to markets up on 166 and Disney's taking a big because they own ABC and they spend all that money on the NFL and those crappy boring games they're putting on good little teach him to put sand onelson and cookie Roberts on there doing their spin on all spin on this okay sand you bolt hidden geek you jackass with the bed wig so I guarantee you we're gonna find out today right here on the show we're gonna have tremendous look at that overwhelming response from this public because I think the majority of the people like I've been saying for months now let's get an over with let's move on let's get with the program Goddammit and cut the crap all these like I said before the term is absolutely correct these are hypocrites sanctimonious hypocrites both in the media and in Congress phoming it them out all this was disgusting about a meat butter pope and it was right there in a white house and he was talking to congressman on the phone and she was getting him head yeah well made this out stressful job man Plus how'd you like to get on the phone have to talk to all those boring congressmen all day long maybe you want to stay awake in a lurk you know we're talking about squirts go to lurk rhymes with squirt if the public knew the inner goings on the sexual dealings this is all about 445 pages 17 curtains with 2,400 more pages and there is two brief mentions of white water 4 years 50 million dollars later two brief mentions is there anything about file gate no crablogue two brief mentions of white water they have anything on him on at no so it's about sex and the covering up of sex and extra marital affair which everybody in their ria might especially a person in a position like the president or a senator anybody else is going to do anything in their power to cover it up oh we got a view of power we got this we got the you got squat is what you got and they can go ahead and have all the impeachment hearings that they want but these is weak need politicians as they're watching these poll members out there they're gonna say ah he had such a bad guy he never stole a free train let's life him on his limp wrist and move on with life because we see we can read the poll like anybody else come out of chapter 10 of five hey Neil my boyfriend said you probably wouldn't return my email from the other days in some of female by the way do I return any email whatsoever no so what is it have to do that he's a female I mean if you were young and male and good look and then send a picture maybe I would but I doubt it anyway but I decided to see what the deal was she says I had emailed you seeing what I have to do for you to get your Florida Panther opening day tickets since you said you wouldn't be here for the game I haven't heard from you is it cause I'm a female or you're just too busy is this unbelievable any how I wanted to take my nine year old son the game but never did get tickets can you help me I'll do anything you get the tickets there you go George maybe you didn't get a picture Tara can I borrow those tickets although guess what George ain't got any tickets anyway he's not getting them this is more hootsbow okay oh as soon as they hear just a little whisper I got it it was just a passing make a comment that I'm not going to be here that weekend for that anxious game against Tampa Bay oh yeah can we have them whatever it is you don't want and he got any garbage that you don't want to put in your dumpster will take it home and sift through it and see if there's anything good left over in there believe me in my garbage or anything good is there no I scraped you uh everything then I let my dogs look out to fish food container just to make sure there's nothing left over for people like Tara that want to hop up all of free good stuff so I discovered something very very disturbing over the weekend which I guess I shouldn't know a long time ago you know that TV show now this is something for those TV people to be thinking about those whammy people and by the way nice going on Sunday getting k pos the USA on air all right rocky edge of a rea steven power that's for you sweet heart oh he sure look good back then as he look good now oh that's nature for you he works in mysterious ways but here's something for those people to think about you know the people I guess who are watching the TV show are the radio people and you want to know why the people who get the show the people who would come across there on air they don't get the show and so therefore because I landed way a holy over the weekend that I you have a CD4 in a store and he says to me it says you know you're doing that TV show aren't you I said yes oh first time I saw that you said spit goodness that I turned it right off yeah see George is going to get all bent out of shape about this I never said a word to him this morning before the show because I know he's going to take uh get very paranoid about this see if we're going to have a comparative uptightness contest it's all contest no contest Jews blacks uh groups any other minority I mean there's some uptight people in every group but his Spanish oh my god soon as they feel that you might be saying anything to Piano Parade I said it's just it's just a show it's a joke I've been doing that for years I use those words because the more you use the words it makes them renders the meaningless it's a joke it's a show oh yeah we don't you understand this P.I.C. that's supposed to be Spanish people in charge and I thought to myself well you talk about paranoia you talk about thin skined humorless very sad so anybody who might watch a net show with our usual one-share or zero zero wavy line I hate to break the news deal but you better lighten up and get a goddamn sense of humor I mean when is the last time I ever had a call on this show from a blacklister and we have many by the way complaining about sparks or cool and they they it's a joke it's lingo it's fun because if you see there are words they like that that anti-semite that come last Thursday or Friday that we can't repeat in the word kike over and over again there's certain words that go beyond a point of being fun that you can't like nigger you can't say nigger there's nothing fun about that all you don't say the end word I mean we know if you say the end word it's nigger we can actually say but it's a very nasty means spirit of hospital work and the same with kike there's no way that kike can be like a funny word if you want to say heeb yet so let's kind of make the determination right now let's draw the battle lines for the word and I'm trying to think spick to me is not that bad of a word if I say George is a little spick what's wrong with that that's exactly accurate he's a little spick now blue garron that's another story I know I seriously think like that's here huh no blue garron like nigger and kike and blue garron faggot I say use that I say use that word all the time some people used to think oh that's very offensive you can't call gay people faggot oh why the hell not what's wrong with that because after here at the ten minute of time it doesn't make it so so go test getting more like sparty I think sparty's a fun word what's wrong with that all like Sammy so say he's from the diminquant republic what's wrong with that but spick I mean people that would be offended and go rushing to turn it off because they're oh gee that's offensive to me he's a bigot because I said little spick Jesus grow up and get a life all you Julio's out there all you bogarons and Madacons Jesus Joseph and uh and Oscar man all manish of it's all these uptight people who just don't get it or don't want to get it refuse to get a life for looking and cross that fence right in with this timely way people looking to be offended oh that's for your offensive to me I'm offended yeah right great go get a life are we on in Fort Myers today by the way we don't know we don't know if there's anybody listening on wwcn and Fort Myers call us what we are you see says we are how come we're not what is it yes we are that's why you said the first six time excuse me for stepping on you Joe we'll take the footprint off because there might be evidence and we don't want to can start to go you know dusting Joe's body for prints I mean anybody who can't see to the political motivation of this whole thing and is psilacious pornographic report which was totally unnecessary not one word that had to be sure it had to be in the other uh because he's tried to prove a point if that's what he was trying to do trying to re-tute the president's comments about not having sexual relationship or whatever now in his testimony that's fine but not in a paid map report that's going to be released all over the world of us of course you're trying to embarrass him immediately and how somebody out of office which is what this has been all about right from the beginning and I still don't understand how come we hear almost nothing about I'll tell you some of the stuff that's really interesting and yeah I didn't read the whole foreign in 45 pages or the 72 page reply or the 42 page second reply but I read through the assemblies okay having learned that she would not be able to return to the White House Ms. Lewinsky sought the president's help in finding a job in New York City this is after they transferred her to the Pentagon because she was hanging around and making a press out of herself and people in the White House they're saying get that bitch out of here the president offered a place to rent the United Nations after initial enthusiasm as Lewinsky called on the idea of working at the U.N. and she prodded the president to get her where job in the private sector according to Ms. Lewinsky to present telephone to her to approximately 22 to 32 AM on Friday October 10 according to Ms. Lewinsky the president said if I had known what kind of person you really were I wouldn't have gotten involved with you he reminded Ms. Lewinsky that she had earlier promised if you just want to stop doing this I'll be no trouble Ms. Lewinsky said she challenged the president tell me what I've caused you trouble the president responded I've never worried about you have never been warned you would do something to hurt me which goes to show you how foolish he was right then a scoring pitch on pitch or the job and he went wasn't good enough for Monica just like Linda trip or what's your name the other one I wanted to be an ambassador can't lean willy how about ambassador to Ireland that George Mitchell he don't know too much how about me that sounds good yeah okay can't lean your qualified crazy crazy women try to bring down the government of this country and all these sanctimonious hypocrites I like to turn an Alan Dersh who was used over the weekend sexual McCarthyism and of course now everybody else is using that too but that's exactly what this is witch hunts just like john McCarthy in the fifties it's the same crap here in the nineties again but guess what it didn't work into good because most people when they look in the mirror and they think about their own activities they question what I like to have all of my own stuff that I've been covering up what I I'm on the internet all over the world I think the answer very clearly is low no thank you and if I lied about these things most people would say uh huh are you bet because everybody wants to cover their tracks and cover their ass cover their wrecko that's right and that's what this is all about you can hawk a trying about purge re and let me say it again lying under oath is not purge re and I you know if you've been listening and reading it's it's very clear that there's a big difference there a witch hunt trying to well how to guide out and quite frankly I am sick and frickin tired of it absolutely headed up to my ears I think we ought to take a poll this morning since it is Monday don't you think a poll would be good in the audience? God man oh man don't ever stick one of those in men's toes in your puts unless you're serious that's what he should have told Monica let's fight out how many peeled in this audience think that Clinton should resign or be impeached maybe centered but stay in office or just stay in office with an evil crap or maybe just can't stand the whole thing all together we're staying ever another word about this let's fight out five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the mobile one line we'll take a little a poll for an hour and a half see how it goes here with this crowd if there's any interest whatsoever which there might not be knowing this audience here's a I also want to fight out fire reports from people of the season ticket holders with the panthers who got to see the arena on Saturday for the first time which I've already seen a three times thank you and how they were impressed with it and it's set up and so on and what they really got to see Saturday since I didn't waste my time going over there again because a mobile and pop in a hello hey the I do okay sir I'm regards to your phone I really do think you should step down we're talking about Dave Lamont now right as the announcer for the king yeah okay great because a mobile in a gold hello mobile and gold nail it good morning sir speak to me sir yes this is where you want to like the table this morning yeah just like the day right you should be celebrating today we had a good weekend we have Sammy Sammy yeah we also have the Michigan no major in boy they take it right up the old back there we have a party hours I'll tell you one thing that Tommy Brady the Michigan quarterback he can play in my team any day and I just got Tommy boy to and of course the final score pisses me off is that you know 38 seven and it winds up 38 28 because they stop playing Jim man it's I don't think you'll ever see him again yeah that's right yeah that's right okay that of course Michigan state warps the hell out of Notre Dame 45 23 and I scones Spartan because they weren't playing in South Bend no touchdowns Jesus that's right because they weren't playing in Notre Dame and they forgot to bring the shrouded to Rinn with them but hey there's more important things going on in football aren't they? No I'm sorry here's Miami hello yeah Neil yes sir I think people need to stop just in the president because anybody is touching those batches up on Capitol Hill yeah I just like you said it a couple weeks ago man let them stay man he's doing a good job don't mind who he's blowing or who he's blowing or whatever I knew okay man God bless you sir there you go there's our first vote 5 6 7 0 5 60 pomp 5 60 on our mobile one line resign or be impeached center but stay in office just stay and leaving the hell alone or you just can't stand this anymore and you wish they would go away and never hurt another word of it and you wish to catch that would they would pack them up and send them a Siberia here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah yeah I think that they should stop playing around with Bill Clinton and leave the man alone it was this Monica the Winsky the one who decided to go down on the man and she would have respected the office of the president she would have had no part of this if she would have respected his orifice very man very well said you got to respect the president's orifice that's for damn sure anybody after you know what kind of cigar it was no that's what next once though can you imagine if it was an in men so woo we know an at Monica know what a jab she is an all the experience she's got and how come we don't hear anymore about Monica how come we don't hear about all these illegal leaks from Ken Star it's really interesting the selective journalism that's being practiced by all the networks on here selective journalism just tell us whatever the hell they feel they want to tell us and all arrested the stuff well that's not important the fact that Ken Star's brick holly's love taking all the secret I hear he sends these boxes over there this is all top secret and even that little faggot David Kendall the president's attorney you know which one I'm talking about the little missing David Kendall even he said the reason we were able to come out with a rebuttal so soon is because of all the illegal leaks that were all over town days hours before the report came out and pretty into a clock see it's okay for illegalities by the special prosecutor the independent council but if the president's in the year-aloft is getting slow jobs how did that come out like slow job that's how came up 1027 at 560 WQA and there's nothing is important your business is your copy machine you need a copy of this right for your needs dependable and doesn't cost your business a fortune and arm in four legs if these things are important you want to give our friends a copy corp recall come away this is a bunch of who he is so calling this supposed to be a document after all these months dollars and there's all it's here say crap in there about the testimony of Monica's girlfriends who came and said although Monica said this and Monica said that the president said this and unbelievable like the thing about Hillary leaving the not one time that they ask her about that but the friends of Monica oh yeah well he allegedly told Monica that and Monica told them that he told Monica that he was considering when he got out of the White House so he might be leaving the Hillary and who knows what happened and they'll run off in the sun said it said it went so on that's like good fourth hand information but that's in there which of course is real nice for the family and everything else like that hey have no consideration about any of that because we have to embarrass and humiliate and to be great as much as possible and see if it works did it work so far no it's not like it's a need here's Boker hello I think it was a Monty Chris though by the anyway was it yeah again could it this they could see how many there were left and it could count the mighty crystal yeah right who is this this is begging for Boker oh my god long time how are you doing okay I'm kind of vegetating yeah yeah listen I think that gets us start stop markets keep going up we keep the president in it it goes down we get it out oh okay thanks buddy don't call us again we have an open line in Dave one in Broward isn't it how many ever survived without him five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on a mobile one line there's a mobile an haven't you're hello hey you're sir and listen judging by it based in one and must have been a swish or sweet man uh huh hey look at me maybe just got that ice maybe hey where he is the ice princess that's he is listen man the guy needs a reason he's done nothing but why do it's the whole way through and you know what maybe the or we just need to put up the pen on how far the East Wing and and thought up with talking line but in other words uh I think that'd be a good idea okay thank you okay we have an open line and Dave one in Broward wonderful resigned to for stay five six seven oh five sixty pomp a he's done nothing but lie to us about having an extramarital fairs nobody lines about that do they know you bet nobody would do that they get right up there and TV and say I did it was good or she was there was the worst head I ever had my life here's a mobile in uh Fort Myers hello hello yes sir hi I'm I'm calling the state and I agree totally with you Neil I just I'm a first time policy is show I don't think the president has done any more than what any other man has done at some point who I yeah I'm proud of the bitch who was willing to give some act he told her what you wanted to hear hey he started to get caught he lied to cover it up no big deal he's on a great job in office leave them alone the only bad part is they're in the 30 laundry all over the goddamn world yeah that's the worst part about yeah she would have just claimed her dirty laundry wouldn't have to be gone to any of us that's right you know I mean this bitch kingdom what you was going to do it this was the president for the state and address he wouldn't have to come up all right all right well said sir I said he's screwed around is what he said something like that you can't say that word and for Myers can you oh don't say the effort over there don't show your ass in the who's go but away you see George Wallace's dead okay we have an open line and then why what do you know I like that for dead don't you don't is it kind of interesting know a lot of these right wingers like very gold water you know his last many years all of a sudden he came totally different views and attitudes and you're well as after those early many many years that ugly racism and hatred and bigotry after all of a sudden he found himself in the chair he found the Lord and he repented and the set of it so on and by the time he died we said hey he never stole a freight train kind of interesting isn't it maybe Kenneth Star will have a breakfast and maybe whoever's chance to repent huh to be contrite for all this swill is a pornography that he put out and then all these people are saying oh what do we tell a kid well if you're worried about the kids and how come always in their in the first place why did that stuff need to be in their in graphic or test detail why did that need to be a meant particular report when it got 17 other cartons of stuff that they could have you know kept underlocking key and deliberated amongst themselves and read all of it's in the leading parts and said oh god that's interesting according to Ms. Lewinsky they kissed she was wearing a long dress that button from the neck to the ankles and he unbuttoned my dress and he unhooked my bra and he sort of took the dress up my shoulders and moved to bra who is looking at me and touching me and telling me how beautiful I was he touched your breasts and touched your genders she performed all sex on him i'm March 31st IG 96 and a hallway by the sudden the president lives Lewinsky kiss i want to face me coined him as Lewinsky he called me pretty exclusively kissing her bare breasts and fondly her genitals at one point the president inserted a cigar in the Ms. Lewinsky's vagina then put the cigar in his foot in his mouth I already said oh god oh geez man oh man i think you got was right i must have been a swisher sweet here's for a lot of nail hello for a lot of nail i can morning yes sir they should leave them alone i'm staying in all of the town and i'll bet that 50% that the people in the country have taken my out of the edge okay well grab a check with twenty frank on that two by the way we have an open line of breath what do you hear that talk about getting drilled well that's a good sign of that instruction going on somewhere that's building is really doing devil worker cross the hall one of the other five six seven oh five sixty or mobile one line is five sixty here's a lady in north bay village all yes man all right you know how about this yeah good cano cano greeno dark star for both the specifications and the structure for what was supposed to be to a test date all the day not as satisfied yeah about that what have you said it and find illegal stepping into one in two uh in five six a guard okay have a great day i have no idea what she said we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty five six the animal one line get let's try and Janet try that one on precise huh what do you say Janet right up the old highway for Janet she's got problems of her own let's do a four-later nail hello yes sir yeah i'm calling how do you know i think it should just leave the problem in a long unless you're there and just to get kids far as like to follow you finally we can live boy that's not my mean they get it in here and all over the place and you know you need to check that stuff out amen yeah okay thank you so much by the way guess who i saw last night was it on the 60 minutes thing which you thought was boring i thought 60 minutes was pretty good especially Andy Loney he was almost funny with those eyebrows he was great but uh they had fathered grinding on there my good old friend five what what are you laughing about when i was back in the days when i used to have guests on a show we stand him on a phone all the time father Robert's writing the greatest priest in the world yeah i was really great when uh who was doing that when he looked at father grinding the i my clothes i think it said you're helping all the boy i'm a Catholic and just as liberal as he was in those days he was great last night i thought fathered grinding always wondered back in those days how come we had a priest in the congress all he was great fathered grinding he was i'd say fathered grinding for president that boy i'd say old bobby grinding what are we doing about that problem by the way i'm moving i alerted the media but uh you alerted what the upstairs people yeah so we're holding our breath i think we have like common all the stuff about it was just you know pushing a block i know that Gary Sarner of course he wouldn't be concerned about that 21 before 11 at five sixty w q q q a l not your can't keep his packer in his pants hello i might have had you you probably know me is that two diaries hung who dance with his shirt often sweats a lot and lord of the dance where does i'm sure you've heard i retired from the show but i'm still dancing because i found a ways combine i was put dancing with something to make me even richer than i already amest extermination and you'll get it every time you'll call my new company lord of the ames that's right if you're a roaches to my super fish or any other kind of insect problems in your house just call me make up that way lord of the ames in just ten minutes i can kill everybody in your house without using any harmful pesticides just as simple music and my home land if you have a chandelier i can hang from i'll get rid of the ones and your walls and ceilings too and if you're gonna really big problem i'll have my entire staff of male and female exterminators i'm very through your lovely and festive home one ugly bucket of toys hey i'm making an engine just come on your own just come on this long live whole lord of the ames right now just i will donate hundred of the pot but and me and my colleague maybe don't put on your chest before you can say what are you doing on the my car man so say goodbye to me on TV and post it your home when you call me Michael patney lord of the ames so we're gonna a fax you from New York no less i can tell by the number on here the two and two and it's a i guess a pretty good likeness of us but this is definitely not monica and you'll present i think he's got a body like that does anybody out there think a prod president's got a body like no i don't think so what are you looking at that you're not gonna put that on put you up a little bit for Christ sakes get those little spits all worked up that'll keep money all those uh very offended people out there that are uptight no sense of humor oh he said spits spanish person in charge i'm gonna tell you when i hear stuff like that it makes me wonder i mean if you've got any life at all you have any sense of humor whatsoever just a little teeny tiny one no there's a mobile and must pombie chill yeah how you doing now okay sir you know what the report for so that's the biggest kind of mall i just cannot even believe the price that we paid for that but you know what they left on the report is that earlier in the evening see she sat on his cigar cutter and he was thinking afterward he's gonna have a cigar on my look it cut now get it ready yeah and it was out of the report okay and so that got okay okay we have an open line of brand 5 6705 60 pombie 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in heaven sure hello hello yes ma'am how are you great i'm reading all of this regarding the president i think the president is the victim and not true yeah in what's in what's in what's in what's in I feel that he is over 21 you know what he was doing yes and he could have stopped in a maybe but she didn't want to stop it she's the one who make it back right but now but now she decided it's been I guess i don't know what went on but he must have said that i'm not leaving my wife and that's that's the other thing so she has been he became very vindictive yeah well she was demanding in a course you want a day full sexual relation with the president that i'm talking about the soul of the air and one has as what he brought on and all of this and i mean maybe i'm different than most of the calls that you've been getting a most of the public and most my opinion but i feel that he was just comfortable as he and uh i mean i just feel he should have walked away at the very atmosphere so let's in peach monica but i don't really foolish in what he did but i i mean he is coming out knowing like a rose so this day and i thought what he said okay thank you okay we have an open line in uh similar like uh tuna open line a day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wilders line is a lady in my me beach hello yes man there are those how are you i am okay great completely with a previous lady yes the whole thing uh first of all clean and of course should stay it's a bloodless uh who did the hot beta which was planned by republicans and the wide wing religious movement and they are staying behind it and paying it and star is their puppet and thereby he goes vigorously after Clinton monica is the one who initiated it and specially since he saved the dress with proof that he wanted to go after him the whole thing is a mockery it's a chain that a american should fall for it i'm not falling for it yeah i only hope they have enough brains and there should be a backlash i am a very peaceful person but i even thought there should be there moved patience against star he should be fired or at least put him on death row anyway just to show that we really mean business with this unheard of it's a mockery below any dignity this should be a liquid leader document people are out of their minds who are supporting this okay that's all i have thank you so much yeah it's uh even more and right in the report in fact if you do read much of it which i've read this enough to make me sick of my stomach but if you read it it's like read like this thing from the star that i've been reading and that's why all of this should come as though surprise and then we had that on either like uh three four weeks ago about the cigar and all that business and the stuff and here about uh well uh hell of a thought that uh he yeah she thought hell of a it was uh the ice princess and he was gonna leave her and yada yada yada and uh it's all right in here in the star and that's what it reads like all the ramblings of a star struck bimbo and i have a slot and yet for some strange reason the media and reporting all of this they've had all this stuff since uh two old one i'm Friday they just uh they gloss right over that just it doesn't come out from their lips and i'd tell you it's so easy to see which of these is so called repurchased and journalist uh what what they got in their mind Scott Pelley on CBS total lunatic uh course salmon cookie on ABC forget about them and like i said the ABC polls everybody else's poll show his popularity is a his job popularity personally but his job approval rating 66-64 percent not ABC because ABC's got a host for they let the sand downelson zanzering the phone okay one vote for you two for me and that that's how his votes go me with the and George Willis sitting there are writing all the reports out but it's real interesting how selectively they report all of this and nothing about Monica and her motives and how she was the one who was flirting and this is her own testimony now just like from uh star magazine what is what are shocked that she was flirting with a guy who's uh can't keep his pants up in the first place and that the something actually happened and continue to go on and that what are shocked at two adults lied about it at least until somebody finally said hey you know that the stained wretched got here's Miramar hello yeah yeah sir i've it lit no love you show all right you like that until he bob a long leave bob our lawn but my digots problem yes is this key the way in which congress then this this monography on it and a public domain let the internet you are like i think every voter come to them yes should check with their representative see hold of voted and show hold and recommend them at the ballot it is morally comprehensible what congress did I'm Friday i we didn't have to know the details the star report should have gone to congress with the justice eleven and a ledge point for impeachment right and the same the details for privacy of the congress right public enough to hear all that hey man it is morally comprehensible what congress did and i think ever voted a murka should personally recommend them at the ballot and it didn't even make good word i would be but i'd have for us for okay thank you so much my friend thank you god i didn't even make good pono that's the sad part of it especially knowing that the two of them were involved in it we have an open line in brower five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's my name he's uh all have to up about the record and so far and the wire what they really need to see and will build clean his record ever be broken of school and they're on and why oh mm-hmm he's not even close to the Kennedy's he's not in the same way he's like in a little leagues yeah but they didn't get a much of eating in trouble that's right because the media then was keeping her nose out of their pants yeah but now i have nothing else to do in life just to worry about him okay okay have a great day amigo we have an open line in day five two you say a megal five six seven five six the in pot five six the on the eighteen two wireless line we don't have anybody out there who's up tight up said doing oh you bet we don't they understand it's a radio show don't they come on here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami oh yeah sir are you doing great oh a meh or a her central New Yorkers you're right sir you know yeah yeah I got a toy right nice job on Michigan by the way Saturday I got it in my opinion this is changing by the second nice job on Saturday baby oh pick their ass but anyway no they're just fun because they're just a fun it who why did they beat the teams they shouldn't be and they lose the teams that's not going about that that's not important you beaten Michigan that's the thing that's important you took 10 years off manages life do I want to tell you I love your show and I especially love your TV show because you get to see all the mannerisms and the nuances of your your show and all the faces you make to the colors and your to everybody I got to say a pair of it about that show because I noticed it every time like if I have a scratch like on my lip or like I cut my show I make myself shaving it and it looks like I'm either picking my nose you know they they purposefully shoot these real unplattering angles to make it look like I'm even more of a pervert than I really am which is not either but they're trying to carry it down Neil because you're probably not through now because they can't stand the truth that bag is very killer he don't know if that truth he's busy putting Rocky at your rean there you know hey classy you want to say animal he's looking for that's right regarding the Clinton situation yeah is sexual or a dairy he don't look so good anymore I know I'm yeah go ahead is sexual uscapate have nothing to do with the way he runs this office yeah ran it I won't want to be his daughter or son or his wife but his father's a president I wait wait let me ask you this okay when you say I know the white part I can understand but when you say daughter or son how many daughters and sons in America do you think how many millions of daughters and sons know that one or both of their parents are screwing around on the side uh probably a lot but it's not smeared all the hand raising all over the building probably a lot but it's not smeared all the way back to the right I had that's not talking about you exactly and I want to and how come can a star didn't consider that how much damage he could do these people have already been humiliated and embarrassed how come he didn't consider that have a little bit of decent sick for the family I put in all his extraneous crap in there so that Chelsea could be devoted at school and all her friends etc because people are concerned with how much money they can make and how much uh world recognition they can do and how much on how quickly they can push his ass out of the old wall of the royal office that's right yes you know I got to say one more thing about uh and you're gonna hate to hear this but about it's about Dan Lopez third yeah he's now working for ESPN doing what did he the broken Cuban what I think he's uh he's doing like little I'm sorry interviews with football players and stuff I just saw him this weekend on a football show sniffing around the locker room that's a good place let's the way they sit and tear it used they say you know come on he's what's with these people please don't pay the effort please we have it open line of day one in Broward 560 560 560 on the 18t wireless line we're doing a very scientific pull here to shoot L president say designer being picked up pretty much the century they don't even know what the can he stay in office or you just can't stand anymore this any of you want to hear no other word ever is that you live to be 300 that that's my uh the both of the last this leave Malone and don't let's stop here in about this impeachment hearings my ass these people up there in Congress let's start investing let's start we got out for 3.0560 28L but Neil Roger show now one Loderdale s We don't know how much you're money to money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know anything worth told me Cause we don't know how Don't brush our teeth, don't come our hair We don't even wear clothes We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do We don't know how much you're money to do Then we'll lay down, scratch our butts And watch a lot turn red old I won't do your democracy So don't do where all my kids go They won't end one-up be a dog A cat off horse or cow Horse, malle and we like it And we've heard the things you said Don't come come with me Think that by soil we'll let son you are dead All I'm a deer and I'm a deer and I'm a deer and I'm a deer All I'm a deer and I'm a deer and I'm a deer And I'm a deer and I'm a deer and I'm a deer Play it for your dreams, please Play it for your dreams, don't judge out Go in, watch out, there you are, they're a deer and they're wild We're all about our house Go out, there you are We've heard the sounds of women Could be too tonight that just 28-year-old market roll Up today even downright in America Because they don't want to take it as crap And when the report came out they agreed they collected a sigh Really if it said, oh, that's all it is Well, screw that, let's go buy some stocks Two open lines in date 560, 50560, 060 on the 18th, 10th, 10th If we had one spary report from the Panthers season Take it orders, who saw the new arena for the first time yesterday No, if we had anybody who went over there to see you to grab their seat With a report? No Here's the cool spring, hello Morning, Elf Yes sir I'm so emotionally spent from the cubs game yesterday Oh, wasn't that great? Oh my god I mean That's too long What is this? That's a big one It's a big one I think you got to tell me I feel like that And we're still a game ahead of them, eh? Yeah Oh, it's just wonderful What a series, three-game series, 72 runs scored over the weekend The cubs and the brewers and every game both teams had over ten runs Magnificent Yeah, it was great Neil, I got to say something about Clinton I haven't got much to add, your callers have been pretty articulate this morning Probably because they're so pissed off I'm pretty pissed off, too It's obvious that all he started trying to do was be punitive And it's part of this new sexual Pre-reel we have in this country And he shouldn't reason why he's not going to be in peach But unfortunately I'm a little pissed off at him because he's given These right wing Republicans a little more Entrance into our government That's it Okay We have an open line and date one at Broward 560, 50560 On the AT&T Wireless Line No conversation from the media I mean they had that one excerpt from a dark side of Camelot By C. Moore, a few nights ago But other than that, there's a little mention Any more about all the other stuff that's gone on Orgy is at the pool of the Kennedy Orgy is in a hotel rooms on every campaign stuff Orgy's at hotels every time they made a trip during his presidency Nobody cared about that because everybody kept their mouth shut And now it's interesting that after all that stuff is coming out to you here Anybody saying, oh my god, these people were perverts And they weren't fit to be a president and they should have resigned No No Whether it's Eisenhower, whether it's Roosevelt, whether it's Kennedy And we got the, you know, like I said, the same 30% of the people That hated Clinton like poison from the beginning They still hate him What a surprise But I encourage since we're doing a very scientific pool here I want to go out of my way to encourage people Who would think that he should reside or be impeached to call in today I mean, I'm not going to argue with the Alciter and listen like that One bozo that call before I'm not going to insult you and call your names like assholes Stuff like that We've had 11 people a 10 say that he ought to stay in office and cut the crap And one said he should resign he's lied to us, etc One bozo said Here's Miami, hello Miami Going once Going twice I was to came to Alvita's Here's Vointan Beach, hello Yes, I did it, man Okay sir Just hear me out please before you yell and scream I'm not going to yell I scream or anything, I'm listening to your comment Okay, number one I do feel he should resign Yeah, okay And number two, there I just want to correct the call Who said he was the Republican who voted to release It's Oh, I'm most of the Democrats He's 60 Members of the house Right, so that means over 130 Democrats Right, that's right And overwhelming majority of all of them Right, exactly, if I just want to correct that point of view I'd like to give you a comment Like with just Republicans I'm so, I think correct Thank you, and there's one other thing that really bothers me But let me ask you something Do you think that all of that sexually explicit material Need to be included in that 145 pages? Well, I'm going to make a point here I'm going to make a point here What really bothers me Yeah That's really And Jewish person, what really bothers me Is that the black caucus The reason that they didn't want this release And they were in the majority of the Democrats They voted not to release Yes, because they did not like the relationship detail That it was the shame that our children should hear the phone the internet When the name of God with these people When we're not willing to members of the black caucus Has ever said anything about things to rap The anti-semitism coming from that The anti-white, the killing of police officers Yeah, where were they? How about the money? You know that none of them are reshating about that I don't know I don't know, but they don't believe me they haven't Not wanted to million youths much Did you see that on the stand-in? Yeah, grow test It was disgusting Uh-huh Jews are the bloods, the Americans left He'll all white police officers Where was one member of the black caucus? Where was the power outrade send? Yeah I mean look at this hypocrisy Good point And that's what I wanted to say on that issue Why did you think I was going to scream and shout? Why, I wasn't sure I thought they'd be reasonable man Thank you for just agreeing with me On this point And I do think he should resign But let me ask you about the black caucus And if you're making there But do you think that all needed to be released on the internet? When they got 17 other cartons of stuff That they're concerned about may and be a source of Enversement other people Why did that need to be in there? Well, your point is The other 26 pages they could have left the police He tells them that That's the way to the rich of things Must there was a desire by Ken's start To embarrass humiliated and degrade? Thought as I said before, 353 members voted to release it Right So it's Democrats and Republicans for nobody's coming There's no question lack of spine on both parties There's no question about that Okay, right there Thank you Okay, we have an open line in Broward 560 560, 560 on the ATT 1st line Here's a lady in Howandale Hello Hey, hi, am I on? Yes, man, sounds like you This is one of your disrespect Regular listeners And from Howandale Yes We are seniors and I want to tell you something We back our president 100% Because he is no different from anybody else He's a human being And it was at this great Such a disgrace And everybody who I've spoken to feels the same way And that this should have been released Whether it was the internet or anything But I mean, it's horrible to prove into a person's life Because that's between him and his wife Of course, but look whatever I'm saying But clich you're ready, it's old hat And it's a drop-old is garbage And let's go on And I just want to tell you we listen to your show Every day We watch you on television at night There's so much needs to be fixed for Matt television show I mean, really is from outer space I never suppose that you jumped in my life Yeah I don't know who they're attracting I think it's the five and six year old If anybody is up at that time The kids are watching cartoons And the ones that watch match and the other shows Right And they're just, but I'll tell you if they're getting a little kids First of all, your show should be at least an hour Yeah And I mean, I think it ought to be like four hours They just ought to take the whole four hours and stick it on there Yeah, because the other stuff is such a tragedy Probably No one I'm only we're hoping We're hoping that one of the other, you know, stations That is a real station Right For make believe A real, a real TV station Right This is it, that's what we're thinking You know, it's fun to act this on this On an equally big thing And that's something a real station will come along Say, hey, that's a pretty exciting show Let's put that guy down You know, you're getting your feet wet And I hope I just hope it blossoms For you, I don't even know if you want that though If I want one I mean, would you want to go into something more, you know, some of the other of the real station Oh, and if they could do it the same way You mean, do I want to do any more work for you answer it No, no, not in my advanced stage Oh, have a great day Okay, fine Thanks Okay, we have an open line of brown Do I want to do any more work? No, less work sounds good There you go By the way, George will be on next week during my vacation Oh, yeah, that's right We could tell a whole story about George being on Because Dufflund's in Gregory said he was great Put him on I said, okay Don't start getting Is that the way it worked? 10 minutes after 11 at 5.6 We're going to be so important But thanks to Willas, the error from the tower And Scott and Kiva's game But here's a great facts from not that their facts is weren't great But this is really great from Daryl It said the star report had to include all the sexy details Otherwise a 5-page report would look pretty bad Ha ha ha ha Yeah, 445 pages of sloth Smut and slut looks a lot more impressive than 5 pages in He didn't do not I mean, is there anything twice in their It mentions white water That's the 4 years and 50 million is now not 40 million Post the 50 millioners in that they spent a white water Retinual of land deal That they indicted these other people on But because they catch bubble or a Hillary on air Oh, now one thing now one You can bait your bottom dollar if there was any one shred of Ineditable evidence right there would have been in the report Because that's what this report is all about It's a referral saying hey guess what I think these are all in Ineditable offenses even though he of course not to make those judgments These are all impeachable offenses I say let's impeach Ken Star I say let's send him in january no to camp to work to labor camp Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello Good morning Yes, man Um A lot of your call is like you are harping on the sexual aspect of the report What you have been deliberately leaving out is the poetry part Uh-huh I talked about it in the beginning No, you have been leaving that part No, he did not. I'm sure right in the beginning of the show That lying under oath is not purgery Length of grand jury is an impeachable offense Uh-huh And how do you know that he lied to a grand jury Oh, do I know? Yeah Are you suggesting that Star lied in his report I'm saying that he this is a one sided report No, are you suggesting that Star lied in his report I am not suggesting I am telling you that everything in the report is geared to draw certain conclusions Yes, that's what I'm telling you Okay, grand jury is on the seat of a woman How do you know that? Clinton lied Did you write the constitution? Where does it say that? So many people won't be saying so So many people will say authority would not be saying so if it was a lie And they will let me continue No, no, but wait man, how do you know that line to a grand jury is an impeachable offense How do you know that that fits the definitions of high crimes and misdemeanors? Oh, well, wait a while Clinton lied Not one Not twice But the multiple times Let me say to you again the lying is not the same as purgery What is purgery? Purgery means it has to have the material to the testimony The testimony that the person gave it a Paula Jones case The even the presiding judge said that the testimony that we guard wasn't material That portion of it that's being talked about That is the court of the material in addition to which the case was thrown out anyway That's the case That's the case That is the opinion and that is the result of that is to come Yeah, let's believe that's the same Okay, let's leave that one aside Paula Jones Right Yes Now, there nothing, what have been wondering After Monica played the cigar in a private park After he stuck it in there, yes Clinton then put it in a smoke Yes With all the All the All the sense of Monica on it With all the what The substance The substance Yeah from the inside How do you know the substance So you think she was put it in the thing and as you would come all right I don't know Oh Yeah, I guess we got the answer to that Let's go Let's go So what is it happening to we're going to teach him for a second A soggy so-so Let me speak So that means Either you know something This is the best call we've had today by the way She says it's a bit No, this is the best call we've had today You are right The founding fathers didn't put that in there It's in very small print and the constitution But it definitely does say smoking a soggy so-so he is grounds for a Picking a few what you want What am I seeing Is Monica Was it a right I'm not In a pot Oh my god I got a dog She's I think I should go home To his wife And child and kiss them Good night With that the tomorrow Oh, he got a big bottle of history there in the oral office I am not the oral office I'm not the soul No, he's got a big bottle of scope I am not the soul In fact, in fact In fact, in the beginning We got to think about the scope of the investigation That's the scope they were talking about You used 30 miles Yeah I'm putting my neck up Come on the face of his Love his wife Yeah And she has And Yeah, that's all I have to say Okay, thank you Okay, I guess you want some out Am I overstepping my guest there? I don't think so Although, did you remember during the Kennedy years All those romantic used to call a camelot And now that we're in the 90s Maybe they can call us camelot Instead of camelot What do you think? Good idea Okay, nice going to be there It was a soggy stogi Now we got to about I mean, his can start he meant that up If he would have just had her This wonderful articula Jamaican lady I'm not thinking about those Jamaicans by the way Those Jamaican women She's got her finger on the pulse of it Right on the tip That's right It was a soggy stogi And he went home and he kissed Hillary and Chelsea Right on the lips And he had the essence of monicon is pushed Oh my god, oh my god Yeah She's Maybe that's why Hillary keeps her distance Spends a lot of time out of time Maybe that's what it is Oh that's Santa Monica Here's a lady in Miami Hello Hello Lady in Miami Oh yes Yes, ma'am Monica was just a silky head for president Because the president did not force her to do what she did Oh no, she was the instigator She said so And she didn't have to keep going back She didn't have to keep going back If she didn't like it, she didn't have to go back Even for her Yeah, I'm sound like she liked it She wanted intercourse You wanted the whole deal Well, I don't think he's guilty myself Okay, you wanted this typical man He's a horny guy That's right Okay, thank you Like I said, that's redundant horny guy We know that I'm a really surprised at the women of America Give him higher remarks course It's consistent with people's politics anyway Because he got more votes from women The guy from men, so I guess it's just a lot of hard ass men or hypocrites I think if he would have been doing attractive When I think the men of America probably give him like real high marks He probably be up there in the 80 and 90 ranges for his approval rating from men Or jealous and saying, all right Yeah, it's gone air willy But when you're talking about slots like this, I think it's a lot more difficult Oh and then one of these congressmen, one of these right wingers, gets out there last night And he says, well, you know, it's a lot different I mean Kennedy was a Maryland Monroe He was a 21 year old intern How do we know the ages of all the prostitutes, all the hokers that they used to bring in for the orgies for the Kennedy? Not only did we know their ages, we needed a hood and how they were The secret service was always having an nervous breakdown Because they had no idea who these women were German spies, Mafia spy, who the army's people We don't know The Kennedy's boys are in there with all their ass assistants in there Have a good time Boys will be boys And the media still can't accept this All this is disgusting, it's gross, it's disgusting Facing like this is some kind of a surprise They try to win a Jennifer flower thing That was supposed to get the public suicide code They try to win a Paula Jones thing Which by the way, it's real interesting I love these people including an idiot held by the way All these women who wait for years None of us in a sudden they come forward say, oh well long, yes what? He said kiss it I would bear my, I would bear my break-o And say kiss that is what I would tell them How come all of a sudden after all these years now you're pissed off and indignant And how come we got these after after Paula's attorneys The original ones quit and walked away How come these right wing funded attorneys all of a sudden Said a representative in her and she was her first TV Currence was I would that sanctimonious Pat Robertson On a 700 club who fived his first child out of wedlock Who was born 10 weeks after they got married How come that was? How Paula with that phone he knows? The only thing worse than a phony knows is a phony Annel plug Oh that thing is really I'm talking to that's to it. It's not forgiving Okay, we're not talking It's what it's for taking Oh, not for mine Here's a lady mobile and west Palm Beach, hello How are you? I'm doing great Good, look and I have a question for you before I get to all this for caught a Clinton stuff For caught your craft, you know He had there's a bar down the street for me now and they painted it right pink and it's called Cbios for what does Cbiolene? Cbiol Cbiol Cbiol Oh Cbiol has got viral hands out there Oh, okay. I have no idea what that means George doesn't know is that is a respanio I think so Cbiol maybe it's my name Yeah, maybe it's some a good falls name Oh, anyway I guess I guess about this Clinton stuff What I I really don't want to see a president or At all What I'm doing I he seems to be a little bit of a green knot to I think you know, I don't know that he would even be that effective or anything Everybody or have any power but If they're going to impeach or whatever, if he's going to resign Hopefully he'll do it before that gang like 20 of Cut off Yeah So they died Oh, do you think you ought to resign? Um You know the line part I don't know The line part bothers me all the sexual stuff I think it's just it's a bad example But really if it's the media's fault of Painting it, you know all over the place every day You know But as far as the line part I think that's pretty bad But even though normal any normal man's going to lie about having an affair I don't know So you don't know you're on the side of it Well, I just been ready for the go away Take of it You can't stand any more Okay, thank you Have a nice day You get it Of course, you know lying about covering up a sexual affair is one thing lying about You know by burning funds illegally to the contours That was another thing Regan should have been impeached for that Well, we didn't know nothing That was the famous line for that They had nothing to do with that Remember that? They just, yeah, they couldn't remember Of course, Rick and Can't remember anything Now it's breaking beneath all falls under the same category And of course, the Johnson would the Gulf of Tonkin, the light about that Rose about light You know, Rose about had three separate warnings about Pearl Harbor You do know that, don't you? And the only reason that we sat back and did nothing So that would be a convenient excuse for us to get into the World War Two As you had already promised, winestein Churchill We also smoked a big stogi You see the connection between cigars and all of the stuff that's going on in the world I told you cigars are what makes the world go wrong I've been trying that for a long time So just pop a big one in your post And then go home and give Hillary a big kiss for it Here's a what is it, Perrine? Hello I'll set a pepper dying Let's say I can start for you and slip I do it today Great You just stole my bit right out of my mouth with the conscious stuff It's amazing how this country is so shocked by something like this And when a president in office commits treason by selling weapons So our enemies who end up using that against us in the Gulf War I find that amazing Yeah I think this thing should just blow away I'll give one to Bubba And let's hope to my stage the way it's going Up under the 70 points The world I think it's going to go up to about 250 Okay, I have a bit of that Okay, sell them all Okay, we have an open line of date By the way those health and hotels that's been downgraded Because the earnings were like And you want to know why the earnings were way down Hotel's in Hawaii and California Because all the no more Asian tourists That's right And so I say we've another couple days and then buy hilton like crazy Here's going to be the grid Like this Oh buy that hilton stock like crazy baby That's my one chicken my armor Oh do you say chink there he goes again That's to be saying spick again Let me say it one more time If you don't have a sense of humor about yourself You're going to live a very very sad and impressive You're going to be taking a lot of volume And a lot of our project would go What's his name? Ron Raymond Whatever's the name? Here's it Not today Ron it'll be about giving you the signal And about three years There's a mobile and lake worth Hello Yes sir Well I gotta say I'm a little public Yes And I don't think you should be in deep Yeah Because I'll play a lot I think for our party He has been the greatest thing that ever happened in a public party We'll probably going to pick up 40,000,000,000,000,000 Probably going to pick up 67,000,000,000,000 Oh huh How do you know that? I know that You think that the you don't think there's going to be a backlash by people that are pissed off at the Ken Star? If that's the case If the people really are going to take it out on the democratic party And the people who pissed off How come there's a pool of ratings are going up? I'm not saying they're not I hope you know I'm going out of the things Yeah You're the best track of the story The democratic party We got it The congress and night before Yeah We're increasing the senate seat Yeah Yeah And you know I think it's free No I just want to go leave alone No it's not always what you're saying Is that your party is more important than the country's The Secretary's saying Well no I'm saying that it's long If you know everybody I don't only go up those wrong people What's that? But it's significantly weakened him As to be a woman You're really happy You're questioning about it Now he's approval rating What's he going to pretty good job? I'm not saying he happened Yeah But I'm saying that for the Republican party You're the best thing to ever have Okay well a lot of people have said The public is very happy with the democratic president With the Republican Congress Maybe that's the way it is Maybe but I wouldn't count your votes before they come in Because I think you may be surprised There you go Okay I got you down 1127 at 560 Where you got it This fourth radio 560 You ate How to get you And got all of those with who or what Yeah What's my point is You got a wrong stashist Okay All right I'm going to see you doing right by the country Let him do it deal I mean Because he's father of the United States as you will It's more serious He's worried about it But I know that all your listeners are out there They've done the same thing that he's done I'm sure but I mean why it's any different You know To be a lie, he lied Yeah, I don't agree with him lying about it But he got caught But I can tell you there's how many other people That've been in that office That haven't done the same thing just Well, the cost First of all, a lot of these people I understand because the media is not To a very good job of laying this off for them When two people have a consenting affair And it could be a source of interest And for one or both of them And usually that's the case They have There's an understanding there And they, you know, they make sure that they Talk about ways to cover their ads And to be sure that it doesn't leak out So he from the beginning Had every reason to pursue Because you kept assuring him That she wasn't going to spill the beans She wasn't going to open up her big fat mouth Or her post And so he had every reason to believe That they won't both going to be lying about it Because they were both at reading cover up And after a marital affair in his case And in her case, he was slut I mean, why is it just a particular woman It's brought it to distance Whenever Paul Jones couldn't get plucked on with it I mean, they turned her right away Paul didn't have the dress Had a great day, pal Good luck it That's right No, seriously, if she didn't have the stained dress That would have been the end of it There would have been no more Nothing that would strictly be one of those He said she said her were worthy And her work she's already a confessed liar And which again they keep forgetting about She lied through her teeth And her testimony to Paul Jones civil trial Lied all over the place She didn't have a fair She didn't have an affair She thinks about she had a cigar She's lying all over the guy They're placing fact she told her friend That was one of the things we heard months ago Is that all they experienced She's had been a liar all her life She's an expert at it Just like Kathleen Willie's girlfriend So, oh well she has their life for like three different times The same Kathleen Willie that kept writing those letters After this incident allegedly happened About how what a big fan she was And hoping to come back and work in a presence Re-election campaign See if you're gonna dimple around Don't start screaming like three, four years later Or a couple of years later Oh, well, gee, he did this If you're gonna screw around and you want to make it Completed about it do it now Not later, I'm like an actor thought Whether it's a Republican, whether it's a Democrat, whether it's an eating health Or Paul Jones or anybody else There's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Yeah, hello, Neil Yes sir Hi, how are you? Great Good, glad to hear I just wanted to talk to a little about your thing It's going on at the present And my personal feeling on it is as follows The guy had an extramarital affair It's painted He was at a minute of the country Or having extramarital affair I think that he should be a piece Listen, the guy is representing the United States The entire international community And he's coming across the United as a sexual tape He can't keep his penis in his pants Uh-huh And of course we know that doesn't happen anywhere else in the world It happens all over the world But this is the person who is directing things around the world How many countries in the world Can say that they do and are responsible for what the United States is I want to come answer this The Roosevelt was he the president for time through the pression and the World War Uh-huh, what is it? Yes, okay, have a great day Was he? Now I just made it up, I just made it up Okay, we have an open line today This is moving along I mean you know, the American public education system Boe, Ozen, you know, is the one living through which I was three years old and was about to die Okay, but I've done the poor reading in my life Anybody knows yet a man's sushi was there when he died Eleanor, uh, he came up old like whatever she decided She was going off his way in her own way And she had it, it didn't even live in a same house She had it built a separate, bought a separate house for her Or she was living with her, uh, with her whatever she was Friend, friend, her buddy, bud And he somehow got us to, you know, and was respected Over the world there he was at the Malta Conference And the yalta conference and the by the time he died By the way, he was like a scene hall is all a helping That's beside the point he had a lot of stress There he is Is this guy suggesting I better put him down for getting him out of this number five It's suggesting that because the guy is screwing around that he has no respect around the rest of the world Quite the contrary Lame on the in Paris when they know about screwing around the headline Yesterday was sexual, uh, McCarthyism in America Which hunts? The only ones that were off-cycling, who there's you bought in the course with the brits All the British papers yesterday Uh, hi, he's out he's got to go because the brits they all like to do it But they pretend they don't like the royal family Who do it a lot with anything that moves We have an open line in date five six seven five six They pump five six the on the 18th and T. Well, it's not and if you've seen the royal family you understand why they're doing anything that moves Because they all are rift that winter family baby. Are they beautiful or what? Here's the western hello Uh, hello. Yes sir. I do I want to be arena and It's unbelievable It's we almost gave up our tickets because it was it's there's really expensive to see Right, I'm in one thirty four that way you are one thirty four On the one oh you're one over from me and We had a lot of women's this coming year and so there's a lot of games But we I went to the arena and Friday just to take a look at it Friday Yeah, I just you know I just not in the back with the structural order Yeah, well, you just as it's thing is huge you mean you can get along if you go downstairs in the ground floor Where the walk rooms are right it's I'm telling me that thing is not gigantic down there It's big and I went when I sat my feet and We were in a fifth row down the front and and I just said You know you lose the spot you lose the spot you can't make it up next year If they okay, I just came by mine. What's the dawn or dawn and so We just found that people that want to come in with us on him, but I there it was night and the people there Or nice it's I'll tell you the people that are going to be in the club sections the restaurant and that whole thing up there on that That level there we are we talked it's first class. Whatever Hising problems are all you did get this thing done and we're at least as people did the one thing I was they got the thing done on one here did a super job. There's no question about that it's a Collational it's just it's unbelievable the although The access to the players this year. I mean there's a fence in this like in this and the football stadium There's going to be a little fence in area with a guard gate there around the back So you know what I'm going to do those days where you could kind of hang out with the boy I leave them alone but believe me after the game after more to the game is this year I mean they're going to want to get out of there and hurry anyway But it's it's going to be not going to be a rose and it's just it's incredible walking in that place Yep, it's really special. Well thank God we got a greater winner. It's really nice this is thing with with The president. I'm this girl's like this and I know guys that have met girls like this up in the Marine College These these fancy living as fantasy land so you go you love me. He's right. He's wise I mean the story he won't see what a sleeve bag this girl is what what I'm mad about is the people that were around the president Why didn't they when they see her they're why they didn't kick her ass out of unless you have Why they eventually did but I mean not soon enough, but I mean they realized that it was becoming that he was psychobitch and that it was becoming out of control They finally got a relationship off of the Pentagon, but the in the meantime He was talking to a good one on the phone and making arrangements for her sneak in other ways and that's a way close I had expected that maybe she was blackmailing him and you know if she didn't cooperate She was going to tell all and they said that last night They were talking about that she went away. Finally, you know, got rid of her and sent her off and there was some other department That she said that if you don't cooperate, I'm gonna tell all and this is what happens when you get stuck with these And then he got a job of the you went in the beginning. She thought that was fine And then she thought about well, I ran a job in the private sector and you know, I mean she showed her two colors in the end And that's why she kept the dress because she's a she's a scorn bitch Yeah, that's exactly what it is. Okay, pal. Thank you. See if the arena Okay, there's somebody that saw the arena although not on Saturday Everybody else out there that was in the sea there seems to be arena on Saturday Oh, there was your lot of traffic out there was brown. Oh nobody out there It's 155 it's all born and the expo as well I bet you they have at least 15 frogs for that game there tonight Boy, you talk about a franchise and big trouble Montreal expo is the team sucks the fans suck the city sucks Montral Hey everybody out there knows that I love We can't wait to see the deal. Roger show. Holy makin on this is Joe born the voice of the chronome Beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority to a M. So Michael Russo wrote a real skating column was it yesterday The day before about the It's going to be another cramp team which I call my for Rousseau. Now evidently they got to him and said hey you better cut the crap And today's paper Panthers reversal of fortune began with trade from a claim Oh my god here on the one hand they're trying to tell us that they're desperate to trade him and they're a praying out of the got Sean Burke Who's very weak anyway that now would be a good idea to go in a curtain claim this to an half-minute dollar salary But just in case they can't get rid of him in case they can't sign cable waste and case they have to keep Kirk the jerk Now they try to pedal a story about hey, you know things really started turning around for us after we got him a couple of games a couple of good as usual stuck to join out Oh my god the spin doctors are at it again. Well one good piece of news for the few hockey fans I got out there in this audience is this You're nobody's going to be interfering with the stuff that I got to say I don't care what anybody thinks whether they like it They don't like it bad good or indifferent. I'm going to say exactly the way it is And if they don't like it too bad We have an open line in Dave one and Broward 560 560 560 on a mobile one line Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. You're God. Yes, I am First of all, Republican the using the Tindepin account for a ever weapon You know they spent $4 million to find out that Clinton had a thick life and Now this is this is a larger issue So Republican got nothing better to do than and to disgrace the status already in office And this is the outrageous thing and we're really crashed me up his last night You know some of these pundits these these sanctimonious hypocrites in the media sitting around saying well, you know Are we ever going to be able to look at him again and view him in the same way that that we did before? You know how many people that we look at every day who are screwing around with everything that moves What does that have to do with the price of rice? What does that have to do with anything? Well, if it's not Clinton they're going to go after the negative after the war Yeah, and they're already doing that and when will Republicans stop using the refusing to independent counsel the weapon You know, they're changing the face of politics in the worst way Yeah, and the American public deserves this because they've been doing it until what? And not in both of politics Well, the Dow is up to 111 points, so somebody out there must be relieved that this is only God And we're all thinking our heads in the standard of the third rate sex story. Okay, have a great day sir Right, we have an open line in uh, brownard 560 560 560 on a mobile one line There's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello Neil, how are you doing? I'm too thin. Earlier you said that the royals were doing anything that moved was that with a beer in OOF M O O F for M O V D S Anything that moves or moves? Oh, right. Um, other things. It cracked me up. I had to behave a radio accident You were saying princess Margaret, I think she moves Yeah, it's before. I got caught and jacked cold the other afternoon And I heard a guy call him a name His unfeeling and his of course made his stiff as his audience let me He said, can you imagine the president standing across from a terrorist And that the terrorist has to have an answer Yes, or an open the president will he believe what the president says to him Yeah, back then we were saying the president stands in one side of the room The terrorist stands under their naked lips of the down. Yeah It's true good. Yeah, it's probably people out there that don't have a I'm so thankful the Clinton got one for they can enjoy it. Okay. Take care Neil. See you. That's right for a lot of people out there who are desperate He those are the people are read those romance novels and all those other Salacious lady chatteries lover they're running into library and O to get it When a first came up. Oh, she I got a week. I got a read about it Cause I can't get it. I can't do any myself. So I better read about it Like all those losers on the internet Oh, that is so sad. We have an open line of day county 560 50 50 50 60 on a mobile one line There's a mobile import peer. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay sir Um, first thought of my legend. No, uh, president can be an escape for anything involving Quest and go more Rality. Okay. Secondly. That says who where did that come from? It's not true. Whoever told you learned it in political science or it makes it so So somebody questionable Morales got him to do it. We've had play Rover Clean Father to trial out a wetlock and he was reelected president. Thomas Jefferson Was having sex with his slave. He was reelected president. Oh, I'm just letting you know. I've read that in the book. Sir. It is not true. High crimes in Mr. Meiner's which is not which is not to fine. Okay. Also, if anything else you should be competing for specificity because All right, like when I was in the military right, I had a top secret clearance. And we had to attend class to show the show us like on our personal time How we could get picked up by somebody or whatever and then you know it could be a five from another The country or whatever and they could get that side pocket of us or whatever. Yeah. Okay. And like the entities were going. Yes. Right. So I mean, he, you know, he should have used more Dispression for that cause in part as part. Well, wait a minute. Don't you think that when Monica Lewinsky came in Was brought in as an intern that there was some screening and they found out that she wasn't Some kind of a spy for for the comedies to do for the saddenies to do. Yeah, but he was the only one. I mean how many are in line saying it now 100. You know, and secondly, I'm in Lusman. Thirdly, as far as everybody else is doing is that doesn't make it different. Okay. When you get a speeding ticket and you go to court, you say, well, everybody was doing that. They don't care about that. Okay. Everybody else doing it doesn't admit to fat. All right. So on that, would you comparing and pitching the president of the United States with getting a speeding ticket? Is that what you're talking about? Is that how serious this matter is? No, I'm just saying that everybody else does this isn't an excuse. It's not right. Okay. He's cheating is not right. I mean, I don't know. So let me just say this to you. Okay. No, this may come as a revolutionary concept. Did it ever dawn on you that if nobody's business, I've heard many people make that comment last week. And I've also said that before that when they asked them these questions back in January, you should have said it's nobody's God damn business. The people are real happy with the job on doing this president. And let's move on with the affairs of government. Now worry about my affairs and my marriage. And don't be worrying about it. If nobody's business, you're being disrespectful harassment. That's directly relative to the case. In a case that was thrown on the way was not the right. Let me say it again, sir. The judge in that case, you know, you didn't do this. Go through tell me that you were took what kind of a course in the course political science, well, you must have flocking about because you know what you're talking about. That evidence was that testimony rather than his deposition was ruled immaterial by the judge. It wasn't relevant. And then the case was thrown out. But this guy learned all you know, you can be impeached for immorality. Based on what he read in the book somewhere, he just does make it up as he goes along. And if you want to read more, in fact, they handed out a tender hemalphibert in a more lengthy treatis in 1789 about impeachment. And what it was meant to be used for, and not a political football. And he expounded and expanded on it and believed me, this kind of thing had nothing to do with what the founding fathers had in mind. What they had in mind is that might want to, you know, abandon the election, take over the government, etc. So on those are the kinds of things. That's what high crimes in this, the mean is, well, it was referenced to by the founding fathers. I mean, like Nixon would say, not because somebody is screwing around. And anybody who would compare this, they seem never with the war of the immorality of the, and the abuse of every agency of government. Nobody lies, long I knew it for, every president who's ever been in here has lied. So I know that for a fact, no, that's just my best educated guess, and certainly in my life, I'm reaching every one of them has lied. And this all is infected by the way, this sanctimonious asshole from Pennsylvania. He's still looking for the magic pulled on that stretcher of Parcelan Haskell and Dallas, that single magic pulled up the tilt Kennedy and what you commonly is, and what he's dressed in when he's here and right up into his back, right? Somebody needs to give him psychological help and also fix those jaws. It's 11 after noon at 5.62. 2.8.0. Why am I doing your hot-aid? Tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that, tell me about that. Okay, so about that, he's speaking into the Council on Foreign Relations, how did I select two seconds? Did somebody realize that he's still in there? First thing they needed was for America to put its economic house in order, okay, that's not. Well, just so they realize he's still in our doing this thing. He hasn't, like, scoped off in the corner and hidden somewhere with his scolkap on, he's still doing a business in the movement of my long. So far we got what's the 17 and 17 say ought to stay in. 1 to 6. 17, 6 say they ought to be sign of being peaked. That's like 70 to 30%. That's interesting numbers. Kind of like mirroring those numbers that we see in virtually every other poll by every other network except ABC. For Sand Downholson and George Will are putting all the extra votes and Kupi Roberts is putting the icing on a cake. ABC News, no credibility. Zero whatsoever, okay. A TV News Lynch Bob, that's what ABC is. And also MSNBC. I guess NBC figures will have got the NBC network which is very liberal. So let's take one branch of that MSNBC and put all the facts and turn over there. Like that John Gibson. I'm going to try to something. If I ever saw him out there in a street, I would take a, two by four with a rusty nail and just a bit flat that's come back. He makes me nauseous. When Clinton was doing the his speech about when the Friday night that we're doing the thing with the Irish group, I heard the White House in the Hillary and the Fed Kennedy and George Mitchell. And they had clips of that on there and then finally finished speaking and John Gibson comes back. I swear to you, I thought he was going to have an accident in his pan. Or it was like, oh, the president is finished. Speaking. And we'll be right back. Boy, seriously. I think he had such sexual excitement that I thought maybe he was hiding a cigar somewhere like maybe in his echo. Wow. Put out of your kid and John Gibson, you fool me. You fool me. Go back and cover the OJ. Cral, let's more your speed, you jackass. I mean, anybody on earth entitled to have whatever a thing in the one. But if you're pretending to be a moderator and to be like, you know, impartial. And all along, everybody realizes that you're not cool to have any kidding. Killing anybody? No. Except a few of those ladies out there watching. Here's where we go. Mouvel in the song, where I saw him. Oh. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Speak to me, sir. Oh, okay. Yeah, I wouldn't expect that my thing's Saturday. And it's decent. It's nice. The only thing is about the parking. Well, they finished the, uh, or couldn't park finish the big roads with putting those three to down in the bridge. And it's the road to get in and out. Yeah. The only thing I think about. Well, how long is that going to be? I don't know, but that's just, they've been working on that curve. It opened in flamingo forever. And it's still not even done. It'll be done. I hope he holds. And for the arena was really nice. The last time I was in Irina before last week was the back in June, which is only like two and a half months ago. Right. Maybe it was either early July. And the Yamato work that they got done in two months was so spectacular that, uh, yeah. Well, once they get all the basics in there and the you found they can, well, they can do it just a couple of months will amazing. Oh, I don't get that. It's really nice. It's going to be so much better. It's on the real. Okay. I'll see you there. Thank you. And it's part of the fact we're going to have a bogus team. We're going to lots of excuses and they're doing a spin. It's all again. They're spinning it all over the place. You spin this. Okay, Brian. See one thing I want to remind you, Brian wasn't a genius last year. Is he going to be a genius this year? No. He's still the same guy. And yeah, they try. They try to get the refurimate they wanted to. Those if they couldn't get him, the least being.