Another 2AM by Andy Fort Maraudel presents the Neal Rogers Show, or on to the old Paul 567 Procene de Grower, and Paul O'Keyn, and he's a neal, he's got flowers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM, TV and deposition, or the TV broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers, on 4th radio 567, he's a new A-Bell, and I'm losing some of the f*** up. So, we say, you're f***ing over. So, we say, you're f***ing over. So, we say, you're f***ing over. I'm acting too crazy, little sun's great. So, my son, day show is finished. Just get better, son. You're a drinker, scotties, and throw up the whole doctor and play. So, we say, ku-or- weaker, the face, star's approval ispes, star will paint the club up there. Yes, I wish they can offer the worlds round, star will paint the club to succub, star will be sage, star-bear will pal- star will draw theINA. And star will paint the club up there. We've got a new baby. We came within a few minutes to get rid of Sam and get him. Man, we arrived at the world like 15 minutes away from marching. We got Dan Brown, 15 minutes. And we're about to do it. And we're going to be nice. We're up to the lights. We're starting now. Let's move on to the stone. All those lunatics. All those 10 people. And you know, this is very sad. Speaking of 10 people, people, you're not supposed to save us. But remember, of course, this, so horrendous destruction that we had from Hurricane Michigan. So, my only visit to Latin America in my life has been to Qatar office once for 24 hours, which was more than enough. And driving to those last one, pioneers from the airport to the city. And looking at those hundreds of thousands of that millions of desperate hours living up there in the hills, waiting to pounce on the city, anybody with money-laden night, and you can make it mine. And I said to myself, yes, what? This blows. This is the 4004. Why would any tourists to with an East serious money, who had, you know, values of safety number one, or cares about his quality of life number two, waste, in time they might go in there. You'd have to be outing your mind off your rocker. So, let me say it for the 500-time. Once you get south of the Texas border, maybe that only, I understand. But once you get south of that Texas border, I use it only because we can relate to the fact most of us that is in the US, at least technically. You're dealing with the 50th World. Once you get into the Caribbean, Central America, South America, and I'm not saying that these are bad people, but they're living school all our most in the man poverty. Yes, there are some of those people like Luis, who's got his big magic around that couple, co-on the abay. That's great. But there are too many people that I kind of money done here. And even the ones who are discovered that their money was a crap anymore. Forgot to mention that it's in passion. Should we take this one call because they might still actually be on their motherland poll order there? Hey, honey, I'll welcome back. Thank you. Hey, George, you're here to great job. And also, did you get, I guess you find nobody now that Steve Goldstein did their propaganda. I'm getting to that level long-run really. Boy, that's something else. It looks like a little high-flow game. Did it really cause joy to me that the people in here were waving they got to wave you to bar it. You didn't do a bad job play by play-winder. I'm not going to have hard to boy with you. I'm just too terrible with it. So, did you know they shot on it so I can't lie and now they're me, mom, is that right? Yeah. Other than that, it was okay. But boy, it's just going on in the can't listen. I think one of the reasons you got high marks is different. I think the wrong way to the people down here have to compare them to with Christina. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, I have to stand up saying too much. Yeah, because he's off one of his own way. He was like, the all-time horse. He's like, you know, good enough from the cross in the area and Detroit stuff like that. You don't know what they thought to expect. All they got to be is by Chris Moore. Yeah. Okay, how are they doing now? Thanks for the good news, sir. Yeah, Gellie. Chris Moore has playing came in late here again, like that Lou Gehrig story. You know, while he picked you up sick, he won't let me or glove Lou Gehrig plays the next 50,000 games it'll all, well he never gets to play again. Same thing, probably going to happen with Christina Moore on. Gellie is getting such a rave reviews. I don't even know which game I won. Who do we know when that was? Can you give me a ballpark and I'll tell you because they beat the ranges and the fly is back. We have holes. Huh? You would have to ready to go if you were to hear them. We have calls from one. They go to play. Oh, yeah, let's hear them. Cloship for the fantasy. Captain, we've got to save that for. They've been all wrong. I've got to make a big mistake. And the big 20 year old, the one he was looking for was the one. He got to be done. One nothing can do. The great one holds still hold hanging out in his. He already let's better increase more. By no, seriously, by a mile. I mean, Gellie can't help but the fact that he was guilty of the birth and he's got no, no balls. He got a horrible voice. But other than that, that's again, Gellie was especially light of the fact that he was, I'm prepared to just promise that he's just sitting there waiting to do his usual thing. You know, his usual way of having to think sitting there being the house show. Stop it around covering up for the, you know, in that particular organization. And guess what Chris Moore played in his shop is a planet from the late. And if you'll be your chosen. You're right. You're going to do the game. And I'm of the circumstances that we just when I heard there, just the 20 or 30 seconds right there is more animated. More, uh, distributed. Nathan Chris Moore has done in the five, see him plus so far put together. Nice gone, Gellie. Oh, thanks. But I still keep thinking of, you know, I'm in my hotel room and Amsterdam. And there's a story on CNN on this board about peekaboo street. Now I realize that they ridiculous names, like most people in sports have ridiculous names. peekaboo. What kind of parents? I think most people are stupid. Like I said, stupid parents, is there something wrong with him? No, George was just asking me to be doing the break. It has been just, it has been discussed. Maybe there's something physically wrong with Hank, like maybe he's choking on his own fat or something like that. I'm so curious, because he's exploring, he's words and like fell asleep on a year. Well, you know, do you remember when we were I OD? He had a sleeping, what do they call it? NarcoLets. He's stealing stuff. No, seriously. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If he's fleece, we're going to make those big bits, you know what things are going bad? He had a sleeping disorder sometime. I'm not laughing at Hank, if you're the idea that if you're something wrong, you're going to know when you're fat. I mean, look at me right now. I don't know how to be better. I would have seen this when I left. In fact, I would have waited for him. I would have eaten less candy. I would have had candy in the mini bars in your hotel room. And, you know, when you in the mood for a little snack, you open it up and you take candy. It's not even good candy. But other than that, you know, a couple of trips to McDonald's, you know, when you do all that drugs, you don't have time to eat. Although, if something makes you, you know, get the money, the nevertheless who's got time to eat, when you do all those drugs and all those grocery departments. Or by the way, you'll be praying for another, where some free-rad joy, because they all don't have time to be living with you. I don't want to be in New York. I beg your pardon, I beg your pardon. I beg your pardon. Because it's illegal in New York. It's not illegal in Amsterdam. And so I get a fire report from John that there was some, I could give free-roll joints in Albert apartment already to go. Because, you know, if anybody needs, you know, some help and stability in the backpack, it's out. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying, I'm saying, I'm saying, I gotta take some stuff. There you go. Maybe Hank stopped me and there's some bad Wii or something. So we're going to be discussing that if there's something physically wrong with hangover. We want to have our topics today. So anyway, so the hip-resting on Peekable Street on CNN. And I have no idea what she did. It will care. She was an Olympic killer in the black, you know. Another very unimportant person. If a media make a lot of big son of Dan to buy Peekable. Thank you for doing the high you'd be doing. So anyway, every time I see that, I just, for days on end, after I see her name on TV, I think for the day that Jeldi was doing this sports update in the morning and called her. Peekable Street, Peekable. Now, if Jeldi had like a normal voice, it would have been a music. But it wouldn't have had the same impact on my life. But every time I hear that name, I think Jeldi is saying Peekable Street. And it just the way he says that, just that horrible grading on the way blackboard kind of sounded that he made. When he opened up his course. But that was pretty damn good. I'm impressed, Jeldi. Now, if we just had one of those, you know, we had that spot, we just played the last 20 minute break there and the worst thing about the voice being slowed down on whatever spot. If we can have a machine because they do have those things, like the voice saying when we talk about shredder. So the shredder is yeah, that we had in the other station modulated from like that. And if we could slow Jeldi's voice down, I think he could start right away. You have feeling bossed on third grade. Where did that guy then, Christina Moore? I think we actually found something that Jeldi is capable of doing if we could just manipulate his voice a little bit. So what do you think, his tanker under the weather or what? So speaking of people who need to be sub-mapulated with their voice, they have no panic about the NBA. Don't be too worried about these guys missing any of the old now because the NBA CV didn't go. And how about that fire? That makes CNN, maybe that all over the world. A lot of people thought that was very funny for some reason. Yeah, fire any American Airlines that are right there in downtown Miami on the roof, fire on the roof. In downtown Miami. And well, I found those in the news. He was wondering where we're saying well, there was no injury, no damage. But how about that there are big no damage? When a whole guy named Upper Level of the Dignity Zone fire, I mean, talk about, about it all, Mickey R.S. and he's got his daddy's got the 9 million dollars over there in his wheel. And he's got all the other person, the city is building them and others. Swirping there, he can flip it in and stick it to you again. It goes down cruise ships, raking the public. By the way, don't pay any taxes in his country. But nevertheless, so who cares if he has a little fire? They got good insurance on Earth. In fact, maybe that was part of the deal. Maybe things won't go in real well, you know what I'm saying? Always, you know, I'm not making any accusations. I'm only thinking how well. I'm only speculating because I've known people in my life, time where we now, and then I have a convenient fire. And it works out well. That's not coming out of the selfie. Ten, ten, twenty, four, eight out. You can kiss my rear end. You can go to the beach and a black fire place. You're getting back to crown the loan of the NBA. Who's the 19-point of the moment? But he'd be doing a radio talk show. So this is one of the great things. That only the X-DOS take over the first day to go over all the color. Not color, the color jobs. On the sports. How can somebody in the booth who's an analyst because he played the game? He wants more jobs. Okay. Then all of a sudden they became prey by prey guys. Like he's very illiterate, grand healing. Guys like that. Like Joe Dodger, guys like that. Illiterate, at best. Now, the rest of us better re-watch it. Because now they gotta do talk shows. That's the new deal. So there were shown clips on seeing their prom alone. And in fact, there's a real scathing, a rip on him in the paper this morning, maybe you read maybe didn't, but I don't have time. They showed a clip from the talk show he'd be doing. And he'd be standing on there. If you'd be standing there, and I'd do not be doing a taking good care of my family, then you'll be, I can't do that. And stuff like that. And I thought to myself, yeah. Here's another example of what America's all about. You'll little bit of an asshole. Dragonic Eagles being trained. Oh, yes, yes. Oh, wait, how's my paper? Jesus Christ. That's so many things. We may have to, in fact, just trying to take a map. I'll give it a do with another four hours. Oh, seriously, I think there's something wrong with him. Oh. Where the hell is that article? What sports session do that to you? And that I said, my mother saved. Here it is. From yesterday, some sentinel. Why would we see the child Jordan landed in jail? And was cut by that often done Saturday. Did we, what were we talking about? I was Jordan on my show. And at the pros and cons, look, that I was recommending you go out and buy it. You got a branch and want to find out what we were all about. Kind of a bunch of scumbags, we got there in the NFL. Real models for your kids. After all, let's see, after violent fight with street police officers said they kicked him out of a downtown nightclub in Fort Lottoville. No stranger to violence off the field, Jordan is pretty pretty often. This coach, Jimmy Johnson, said, we'll let the judicial system run. It's course for the end. No future where this team, Johnson said. He was released on $1625. Bonded 9.28 a.m. Saturday, his court will be set later. The officers said it managed to subduede Jordan 5.10 190 pounds. All they have to do is force man, a barring pulley went to their rescue. Yeah, to go to the whole story here, it was a nasty, a hostile, a wild, a concentration. Police said it was obvious Jordan was intoxicated. They asked him to leave the bar. Yes, to return inside. The officers told him he'd be arrested on a trespassing charge of he didn't leave. He told the officers that would have to arrest him. They tried. The officers ordered Jordan to put his hands behind his back as one grab is right arm. Another officer grabbed his left. The two tried putting Jordan's hands behind his back. But he pulled them back. Charles Jordan ended off and went to him, no more. Just thought I'd get him that very timely. We got caught on the line doing the top shows. Talk in the illiterate trash on a radio. That's a murder for a baby. We're doing it. Here's a model in Amin, sure. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Well, about Chris Porter. He's a last year. He used to go over the way of sighted about everything. Except a good boy by the opponent. And this year he seems like he's like a, a freaking pill when he's doing his soft. But maybe he's trying to make a. I think I can. I don't think definitely with that. I can prove it here. It's probably where I took that one time. I can. For example, Jim Manage would say if a son is made a good place. He's impressed by it. But Chris, I never did any of it. He made a credit. Yeah. But by the way, you sound real good. Your perception now did you write? Yes, it did. All right. And have a great day. Thank you, sir. I've had cases always do me write. When a problem is a little bit cold there, like in the 40s. For a rainy, you know, that typical, uh, more heat counterweb. It's the rest for you. It's not that bad. Every day you get the fear. And it isn't so much the, you know, time in the oven. It's the inside and the hotel room with that dry heat, you know. And the old fashioned radiators. And yeah, yeah. And it's wake up in the middle of the night. And you know, it's just started to like, fill up in your 40. And it's a little red. But every day I wake up feeling fine. Because you know, when you do it all as drugs, it enables you to sleep for hours and hours and hours. I mean, like, well, then the afternoon. And then you could up and you do some more. I mean, I just make up a whole bunch of good stuff here, okay? I call those beautiful women that I was doing there and answered. Oh, yeah. A couple of sports is true. Oh, and we don't hear about them all dying from anti-seema lung cancer. Because I'm sure they are. They just don't talk about it too much. No, it's not the way they hold the air. A third would just give me the, that the Russians do that. The Russians do that. They hold the cigarette like with their hand back to the airs backwards. That's not comfortable, by the way. How do you know that? I try to. Well, if you're when holding the fast tobacco in the middle of your, you know, between your thumb and your forefinger, you have to realize it. If you're a fact in your mouth, I'm a cigarette too. But anyway, Europeans are just smoking up a storm. And nobody seems all tied about it. Nobody seems to care. There's smoking anything that grows in the ground. Anything that they wrap up in the way you know, they're smoking it. You know what I mean? You're out of a lot of it you do. Here's a mobile and bulk, I hello. Okay, sir. That Jordan guy is a gang member. Yes. Oh, just checking. You know, he not only is he, was he a gang member, but he also was sending part of his salary to the gang every year. But it's in for that salary to his lawyer, which he can be getting. Right. Anyway, which really worried about terrorism over there when that, like, oh, I wrecked up the alarm. I'm a ghost. No, okay. That's a little wrong. The incident is as far away from Baghdad as it is from the here. It's a lot of course to the rear. But, uh, maybe not. Okay. I'm not sure if I'm going to get a mic. You have a good answer now. I get to the alert. Right. Kind of cool. Right. I think I forgot. The movie was pretty good, actually. I didn't get a minute. But I got a trail of pop dance. That was kind of nice. And gold ash was able to corrode my eyes. And that a panther radio broadcast since the beginning of the organization of franchise. The first time that people actually been able to hear a description of what was making place in the game. So, is that the person leaving the game from, hey, you know, leaving the panther game and trying to come radio and trying to get a whole or going on if you just watched it. Forgive it. Oh. He just won't do it. And, you know, I think this points up another way of the brilliant idea. This is part of the Dean Jordan syndrome. That's left over. It's hiring guys, carpet baggers like those in for when the dolphins and Chris Moore on the, uh, on the panthers for out of town guys who don't live here who have no interest in this place who don't often about it and fly in every now and and when they feel like they can do a game and go back to fully or jersey or whatever they like came from. You really should. Yeah. Yeah. So, they're really should. You can't be the version team. We can not be here. Well, no, we don't like Chris Moore live in here. I mean, we got no problems already. So, I think the answer is, go back to the devil. You break that drive and there's like females and stuff. Yeah. Great. That's right. I'm going to say after it, it's 3D events. So, it's like, what was that all about? I was going to have a lot of fun. I was going to have a lot of fun with cause I was a little bit of a thing. The next day, I was looking at the heck. He's time to do his tank. I mean, he was on there. Tank Goldberg. I was going to say the tanker. But yeah. Anyway, it was brutal. I mean, he said about 40 seconds for the stuff. And it's time like, yeah, bad day. I'm not going to tell you. I was going to tell you what you're looking for info here. Very much. And it was unbelievable. I'm sure it's a great job. I like his. We don't have to carry the way. Well, she did a great job. She went with the flow. We're good. Yeah. The tank. Buddy. Get the hell out. Okay. Well, we're good to him. Thank you. So we're here to come out on that. Because we need to keep a healthy. And one of the ways to do that is stop feeding so much guy damn food, I think. Because he has blown up to a, you know, a gigantic, 5, 15, 800 pound, the well. What do we kind of look like now? You know, I've seen a lot of you have seen every night. It's fun. I love these guys. Oh, hey, you look great. You look like you're a good guy. Exactly. I'm a greener, somebody in screen. You know. More of these asses. I don't call up and say, you look great. Say, hey, you look so bad, right? Who's some way? So we're going to keep you on the air for a few years. Jesus Christ. Oh, my. These people. These ingratiating asses. Hey, you really look great. Like these people are coming up to me. Oh, why you always talking about being fat? You're not fat. They're how I'm not. I'm not. I'm a big, low-red, you're my hand. I'm talking about fat. But you wouldn't believe. I can pinch our foot. I can't pinch you and I can pinch your foot. It's worth a line. And day two and a broad five six seven, oh five sixty pound, five sixty on a mobile one line. As we continue trying to get to the bottom of the tank, go over to the situation. Here's a muscle. Mobile and apulse. Hello, dear. Yes, I do, sir. What hand is suffering from this? To quickly and syndrome? Yeah. Meaning what have you been taking it? No, we know you're going to pick up papers. So, it's a six-fat diet sitting around with the sick belly. Yeah. Well, when you have a sick belly, your diaphragm doesn't extend fully to breathe. And you foolishly because the lack of oxygen to the brain. That's what hand has. You probably leave these over, you know, when you're free. You know, when you're staying at infig�ed street to diaphragm. And we have to do a lose about 30 pounds. That's a lot of that problem. Excellent. Sir, I think you saw the problem right there. We were in a 30 pounds of ugly road test, it's just in fact. Here we're going to maybe a couple of those trends would be a good start. Huh? And you're riddle like one malachajah folder, right? Right, we're the perfect example. I know it's not easy. He said then done. And of course, thanks to really sure what you'll stay through today. So, you know, he's sitting there right in the middle of two. You can hear him eating. You can, of course, who might have talked about eating on here. But I don't have that kind of a way of problem. I don't follow a sleep on here. I mean, some of the calls believe me. I could have easily. Well, and by the way, speaking that, I got a really couple of nice birthday cards again, like after the fact that better late than ever from the people at the 90 post office. The 90 P and D, C and D, C and D, whatever it is, and how it stands for. Thanks to a cannon, Judy, and Billy Bob, and all these things, even some guy wrote something in Hebrew on her. There's something photographic, I believe. And then to make sure that it wasn't too pleasant when I came back. Here's a nice note from the basil, G and O taste. In the long team, why is there a dress in a name probably made up, who says, Neal God? I'm sure I think about it. Starts out saying Neal God. I've been listening to you for years on and off. Recently, I got to see you for the first time on TV. You have any idea what a puky looking person you are, saying basil, G and O, they have puky, like highlighted in orange. You have spelled puky. The answer to your question is, sir, I know what a puky looking guy am, which is why I'm on a radio. But it's just the idea that you don't even know how to spell puky. That's just certainly basil, okay, whatever your name is, basil, craft them. How to become those sweet to him, by the way. They blind your wide open fire, sick, is a mobile and highly, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. George, did I catch up? Yeah. Pretty good. I don't know if you caught it was my idea. I know if you caught it, but bad news while you're over in Europe. About part film, just got a big check from guy who, uh, basically just wanted to think the end, like the rest of us, because look, Clint will give you a settlement. I'll give you a million shots. I hate to break the news here. They did it. What you're talking about, the abhorrent, the first they settled the thing on the Friday, for 8,000, I mean, I'm over there in Europe, okay. I'm over there 5,000 miles away, doing a lot of drugs. And I know what's going on here. And you're here and you have no idea what's going on. Right. After he offered that money, then she settled, didn't take the money from him, and never got the authority, which, you know, when she started to do thousand old things. And then you're probably the apology thing was dropped months ago. When they started to negotiate a financial settlement, they dropped that. So what are you informing, sir? It's just that ridiculousness is over. The ridiculousness is of one. Of the whole lawsuit, I have to listen to this thing. And the policy on the dead now, will we be hearing about? He got nothing to do with Monica. That's only like a little part of it. That's only one little ingredient. Well, yeah, because the market thing was started because we were going to not be able to find a lot of Iraq right now. Bombing them into the story. Here you go. I love people who talk crap, which is most of the human race. For example, you hear them say, how did the world sit back and allow the Holocaust to go on? Like, malosevic with his ethnic tendency over there in Serbia, into a missing thing now for how many months has it been going on? They've been slaughtering these people. And like who's saying, wasn't attacking his own people with poison yet occurred to know that Iraq the last time we were there. And then the interesting part of this whole thing is that makes it so ludicrous is they're admitting they're saying, oh, oh, you know, when you're inspectors when you win inspection teams, you know, they're finding these things. They're finding things that they're doing. We're finding weapons of mass destruction, chemical weapons. And maybe now we decided we'll let you come back in. Now that we got within 50 minutes of being bombed in the stone age, now we'll let you back in. And we say, okay, okay, we believe you. And how does the world sit back? I mean, if I ever hear that from anybody again, if I were reading an article or an article, I'll show up all over the goddamn book. How do we sit back and allow us to go on? Because it's easy. That's why I said I'm happening to us. So we let it go on. Just like that whole bunch of bull crap about Middle East peace. What do I tell you about that? And if there's the ability to order each other up again, like they always will be. There was a great, there was a great term. And by the way, the BBC even though some of it is pretty soggy like a British himself blows CNN away. There's no content much more interesting stuff on it. Actually, latest terrorist attack by the Palestinians. So they got an interview with an Israeli woman. And she said, we wish a lot of us, we see United States would stop intervening and stop trying to do what we do with the do-butters. Because first of all, they're going. And I just fell off a bit on the floor, holding my side, thinking about the cobblers tree. I mean, I just peed my pan. Here was actually somebody else in the media using the word, go in. And she was just some crazy old bitch who had earned his real young. And of course, they have to be crazy because you went right my muscle of there. Like I've said before, like that piece on 50 minutes a few weeks ago, he is really kids, they are up in Maine. Give them the state of Maine, okay? Give them some warm clothing that I used to that for a time. It's given the whole state of Maine, all the same people from over there. They want to live in peace and harmony, and their place that might be a little bit to the lives. Bring over your Israeli girlfriend and the banger. Give me a good place to settle. Well, it's 11.50 cents, 10th letter of anality. It's three minutes before 11.5. It's been a while since I was a kid. And I was like, I'm so sleepy. One though was a down and out weakness with only one hole. Then an angel could somehow turn her life around. Unfortunately for one of things we're about to be, much by an angel. Then an medicine queen Dr. Wollett, what was the buzzer causing that an infected the children of the quite little one room school? How can one obviously an electric frontier female doctor stop at Indian war and remove the sheriff's embarrassing tattoo before his marriage to the school arm? Medicine, Gwen, Dr. Wollett. And then an anti-adnosis day guy. Get them, Dr. Wollett. Get together to solve up fairly easy days that you won't have to thank you hard about. So I'm sleepy. All we runs from CBS, no violence, no foul language, no new shows. Absolutely nothing you have an already seen before. That's because we run the same three shows at midnight over and over. So sit your family down and run a sub TV tonight. And before you know what they'll want to start reading books, talk to each other. Maybe take a walk. Anything that watch TV, watch the via an angel. Medicine, Gwen, Dr. Wollett, and Diagnosis that guy. It's not a rerun or a canceled TV series. You will see it on the spot TV. Okay, thanks buddy buddy. It's 11.05. 60WQ and we got 400 Opalines here this morning on a Monday. To go on, I knew this before I came back in here this morning. It's Monday. I've been away for a week and Georgia defined job. But now it's changing to the guards. Now we've got a hold. It's just of course that morning show. Boy, I want to play. See now that I'm back from this vacation, what are the things I decided? Is that I'm not holding anything back? You know, these next four years and one and a half months whatever it's going to be. Now that I'm counting, I'm just not holding anything. Back. You know, I mean, the morning show basically on a station flows. That's all. I mean, there's a year I have to go to a long big disinformation. I would if you wanted to be Duke and I might anyway, even if you don't. But it just grows. And part of the reason being that you got all these listed cars. I keep telling them a stop taking phone calls on that guy. They have a show. Stop listening to these idiots who have no idea what they're talking about. But they just won't do it. Here's a mobile in Miami, huh? We should learn from us. Just stop taking calls. Yes, sir. Welcome back, sir. Sure. You need to do the same. Yeah. I'm going to relate to that George, that a wonderful job. I'm going to relate to that George, that a wonderful job. I mean, over the week. Top top of perfect week, like give me a taste of beer. Yeah. So, I'll say welcome back. Okay, thanks, Phil. I was seeing them. What do I say? What I tell you? You got the guy before him who doesn't know Abhurst fell from Abelankin. Who thinks it's a major bulletin. Hey, I hate to break the news here, sir. But we actually over there in Europe. They actually have newspapers like USA today with a lot of color pictures and stuff in it. And the international hero, Tribune, and a guy TNN and a BBC and TV and radio and Maggivine and stuff. I know that's hard to believe. Okay, one call out to the board here. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, five, five, six, six on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my mid-late, Sillow. Hey, Neo, welcome back. Yes, sir. Yeah, George did a fine job over the week. Very entertaining. Very entertaining. Very entertaining. Neo, I want to have a few more stuff away, too. I understand. But anyway. I'm not a guy. I'll start with, so. I don't know if you'll understand. I don't know how much you have to do them. I'm not giving any stuff away on this show, however we're getting it. I'm not doing it. That's okay. I understand these feelings about it. Right. I call them. Neo, next year I'm going to our Europe. And with my wife and I have been debating what should we take and we can't believe. I mean, which trip should we take? And we have chosen my brief buddies and London. What do you think about that? I just wanted to get your opinion on this. Really? Yeah. What do you suggest? What depends on what you like? I mean, yeah. And then one of the Europe where would it be a good place to start? I mean, I would talk in 13 days in Madrid. But you said London. Yeah. Three bad choices I would say. Really? Yeah. Painted Madrid, hidden Paris. Wouldn't go along them if you paid me by the minute. Unless you like spotted Dick. Well, why would you want to go along them? What do you want? What do you want? Let me ask you this. Yeah. Pairer's talking on this thing because they're all these. And obviously you want to go to Madrid because you're a Julio. Why would you? I mean, I have so many tours here to take. I don't know which one to take. No, I'm begging you. Don't you want to? What do you suggest? Italy? Italy would be good. Why not one or two to one for a couple of days? Go to one Paris in Madrid. There would be spectacular. That would be a roll full Paris in Madrid. Oh, that would be 13 days that you would die for. Hmm. You want to London? You'd say, let's get out of this. You're going to France? Where? Austria? No. But what are you going to do to Austria? I don't know. I think you'd probably want to be in a bit of a sort. You'd be in a bit of a sort. You'd be in a bit of a sort. I guess. But you're going to stop in the big of Austria. Other than being here, I'd like to ask a matter of time. You're going to go to the city. Other than that, what are the options? What are the options? Stayless for. I have no idea. Maybe music. Are you in the classical music? No, I am very. You are. Yes. Then I would go to Vienna. I'm into a, what does guys name the big time guy now? Under Abu Chalice? You want to find him in Austria? Yes. I find him in the middle of the St. Marlo. So you said Rome Italy and Madrid, right? That would be good. Three choices? No. Rome is in Italy. Well, I'm sorry. And Rome Italy and Sicil would be good. Sicil. For getting to see Vienna would be good. So Rome, here is Madrid. Okay. Now, if you're going to go to Spain, I would be going to go to Barcelona. I don't know if I want to go there or not. Why not? All right. I don't know if people there don't take showers. We're in the, in the, in the grid. That's right. They stink. They smell bad. Oh my God. Yeah. I want to meet them much of the dinner. I'm going to go to the city. But see, I thought I'm in Paris because the French all stink to begin with. Then, then, man, of course in Rome, there are some of these slippers in Rome. I don't smell too good. So you'll get used to it by the 13th day. In fact, you'll stop taking the shower. You'll hold family, you'll smell the fight, baby. And you won't overgrip them. That's right. Have a great time, though. There you go. We're straight in his eyes, huh? He's got a little London. Is there anybody in the right mind? I would like to go to London though. Jesus. And you want, and this guy's got no excuse because he's a spik. Okay. So he can speak at a party. But these people, these Americans, they go to London. You want to know the number one reason they go there? They're speaking. Right. That's right. Even though they're constipated, even though they're boring. Even though there is no sex thing, British cuisine. Other than that, Goddamn spotted Dick and the chips and whatever it have cracked their efficiency of Steve's Christ, even after treachery is dead for quite a lot of, for me, to that garbage. You definitely don't want to go to England. Believe me when I play with those people. And yeah, on a weekend they're saying British hungry with her arms to them. And they get drunk and they get roudy and they run around in the streets make in the way and act in like real assholes. And just like, you expect to see Paul Revere because you hear all of this people say, I hear coming. Here comes the British. The British are coming. All over the place. Go ahead. All of each other. Jesus. Get them out of there. The only negative, we said, the weather being crappy and answered and the only negative is it's so good to impose the England. And all those constipated, repressed with every time they want to go out and have a good time and just cut it loose. That's where they go to Amsterdam. If we could just give them those people and those island people, how are we going to get rid of those roudy, run dealing island people? Maybe send them back to the islands of the England. Yeah, come on. Come on, if you have to live in a five-routed six-routed six-routed five six-routed six-routed six-routed six-routed six-routed six-routed six-routed six Want to hear a lot more about Northeastern England now. Oh, God. You know what I'm showing? Get the paper, short of the month. Man, I'm here today with something about hand, y'know? You'll be raised here, they're shining finally, and today's dominate, giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handgun. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for beer, all the convenience stores. They can get to the press of wire and get them all free. You gotta handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. just simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait to five days for it and happiness is just around the core. So if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? Why did the damn thing up the street? Just buy a lot of handguns. The great alternative to working problems out is be considered a formulation control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your face. One between the five and six, you know what I'm saying? We are set a one total, which we're having a big of a problem with this set of one campaign this year for a reason which I can't exactly what am I finger on? Our total is 60,000, 400, 29 bus set is a 10 o'clock this morning. And the borders people, what can I say about borders? We're going to be at borders in candle this Saturday from noon to two. We have an address, then we two will five, south, six, six. 92,05, south, six, six. So is one of my favorite moments in my life is when I hop back on a dixie highway. All of this every back memory, so all of them bad. Oh, God. 92,05, south, six, six, six, six. No way, borders at candle noon to two this Saturday. We're going to be having a bunch of stuff to give away there. I'm sure we'll have more of our stickers. Our d and h stickers and a bunch of crap. Probably nothing from the station. Well, there'll be anything from the station. Oh, no. But anyway, yeah, the borders people are having a little bit of a problem. We're curled over there instead of one getting the checks from them on the time or basis so we can keep remaking the CDs and keep this process going, which is basically how I'll show you where. It's just a little bit of our first range situation this year, our borders episode. But we're doing the best we can. Right? Isn't that what I said by our team in this morning? And you were getting a hyper-ventilating and psychotic about it. And all I said was we're doing the best we can. We had a goal of 200,000. I mean, Sam had a goal of 300, pretend they're involved in it. They're not. And that's the way it works, so we'll do the best we can. Here's a pay phone in Miami, hello. Hey, no, how you doing? OK, sir. I heard you a couple weeks ago talking to a Christian woman. Yeah. You said the two didn't believe in the Bible. Yeah. We do believe if I could prove to you there as a guy. Sir, why worried is this come from? Well, what inspired you to go to a pay phone and start this? Because it's something I want to explain to you. You seem to think you know all the answers. I have no answer. I don't have any answers. I don't have any answers whatsoever. I'm very happy not to have the answers. Because I don't hear what they are. But what are these sentences? But which is written for one minute about how we're religious steel? That's your opinion. You're entitled to it. Yeah. I don't believe it. So why do you feel compelled? Why do you feel compelled to call me and try to lie and pose? See, this is the problem we're religion in America. Is it hard to do with intolerance? If you believe whatever you want to believe, that's fine. And I'll listen to your song and a dance. But why can't you accept this? That's what they're those of us who don't know. Don't buy into the same bookcraft. That's your ability to have to run bookcraft. That's no so why do you feel compelled to call me and try to give me an offer. I can't review. Sir, if you're not afraid of something, you wouldn't attack it. Well, what am I afraid of? You're afraid there is a guy. That's why you revolt. If there's no God, why do you worry what happened to people? Why do you viciously attack people? This is the attack who? Krishman people. If there's justly attack Christians, sir. You mean the lungs are more than abortion doctors like them? Well, they're not following the law of the country. So, what does humanity tell me? What is humanity? Tell me, okay. And sit right about what I do in giving me a song. All right. About my life. Which is so imperfect. Why does humanity tell me what the answer is? All right. Last chance in the Bible, it says, God, I created you heaven and earth. Yeah. Now, before there was any sort of a spaceship or any kind of adventure into the space, how did we know that we were the only human, on earth? In other words, there's no human than any other. Were the only human genres? You know what? There is no other. How are you, honey? Because there's already been three or four space-probes that have been, and how far did they go, sir? It didn't just find frozen water and marries, and they just find evidence that there might be water, which means that it might be water, which means that it might be water. There's a potential for, as at least, minimal forms of life. Then they always cover that already. Right. From how many spaceships have been sent to Pluto and Uranus and Saturn, so far, that have actually landed on those planets? How long other galaxies? I mean, you're talking, you're talking, so juvenile and so primitive here, they're liable, but are all the planets. Before the Bible was written, like you said, you know, also in the same paragraph you're talking on in the same chapter, if you made this stars also, the Sun is a star, but those primitive animals will all ignore to look up in the sky, all those stars, they'll keep, he made this stars also. You get through with the liberty of being a Sun in the star. I understand that. They want the answer. The answer is, I'm trying to tell you, what, how can you prove the Bible was written before they would any, any star, why aren't you responding to what I just said? Tell me again. I would say, he made the Sun and the Earth and the Moon, the Sun to rule the day and the Moon to rule the night. How about all the other stars, which are also like the Sun is a star? Right. How could they have said this was the book of God if they had some supernatural evidence that they couldn't see with the egg, how come they didn't know if the Sun was just another star? But, Leo, it's obvious. Why aren't you answering the question? Leo, we do not live on the time because we were not made there. Why can't I have a great day, pal? We... Yeah, right. I'll prepare for you. Okay. We got one call up on the board and look at who it is. Okay. We got two open lines and proud. We got all of the data. We have to go on through that. Jesus, welcome back to America, Neil. We got all these religious intellectuals calling. With all these real good information, we want to share it with you because you are afraid of God. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18th and 10, where I was lying. Oh, my God. Jesus. And your host, Frank. What is it? And Mary got a little lamb. Right. Please, what? Mary's on the lamb. According to this side, I don't know. The big man doesn't see this. Young. To be say that? That's what he said. That's right. Anyway, I'm heard. If you can't have a call, I think I heard him play so long. And by the way, the only thing that about my life is getting bad, your calls are getting bad. What's wrong with you? I think since you stepped in a caratuse, you're not going to be the same dining room. Okay. Right. Now, will we take a fence again? No. No. It is true. I've been a horrible. You meant in bed. I have. You should be. I even used to defend you. But now you're becoming almost invisible. Did you call George Bob and gone by the way? I did not. Oh. Can't I deny? Why that white ship? I didn't. He wouldn't put me on the other side. But he wouldn't like to abuse you. He might. I'm not sure. But I know. Anyway, listen. There is one good reason to go to space. If you need to move your bow, that's what you're doing. Quick a sister. What do you got to go all the way to space? You go to the people off have a good lunch in there. And within a half an hour. Probably within 15 minutes. Very well. Very well. Right away. This guy calls in and says, hey, you think the doll things are going to try to do like step it up in the foot quarter and play a little better. There was two minutes prior. Is that when hand-picked this rape? Yeah. Now whether he really is going to get it. Now I'm beginning to understand. It's no muscle or two. Just the colors are putting him into a coma. Exactly. I think it would just set up, but it was as flexible. I think you just kind of know the pressure drop your head on the table. Yeah. I'm a coward. I think it was one or two. No. Whether or not is there. I am afraid. That's not the inside information that I'm getting. Really? The inside story is that Hank actually a window new a little bit of a smooth and mini coma right on the air. Yeah. And if it was that call I can easily understand. Because obviously the answer is they're going to go out there and try to play worse in the fourth quarter. Anybody knows that. I'm going to try to lay down in the fourth quarter. So they don't cover the spread. Well, listen. I got to go cut the right driver. Have a good. And that's who. Also, I did two of the Howard. Find eye on the people and they had to be a joke, wasn't it? Please tell me that was a joke. Hand of me. Well, you know, people didn't live on the sun and you're wearing it. Oh, god. I can hear those bells pulling now on the old church. And I'm stood on. And the only thing that the bells tell you is that when there's 12 bells it's 12 or five. When there's one bell it's one or five. And that's it. That's how you need to go from religion over there. Not just in a heave in place like that. But all of Europe in 99% of Europe. The attitude of the people about religion as opposed to this American neurosis, this psychosis, this stone age and harassment that exist in this country, which is unbelievable. Except the course in place is civilized places like Northern Ireland. Here's a comment. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. Very pumped for our last picture of the caller. Yes. I can't do it for a vertical. But you may or may not ever see it. A body editorial in the running traffic newspaper suggesting that murders of abortion performing. My heart's on very low. I've got it in my hand right now. Required reading for that. Right. Not for real Christians. That's always the answer. Oh, those aren't the real Christians. Will the real Christians please stand up. We are the only humans on this planet. By the way, we have to reaper it from something. That's what I just fire off. I don't even recognize the name of the reported. We were the heart and the other. They were showing you the life shot. It was the one. You were saying, uh, this certainly must need to be, uh, termed as a vicious fire. This is Oregon because the only people up there with access through this building out of construction workers. I've on fifth shot to Miami Arena. I want to burn it down. I think I'll wait to listen to them. Right. Really torch the whole thing. No, actually what I would do is to pick up construction work a week along up there. You know, I'm busy sitting on that. But, uh, that's just typical part of our program. They're at the edge. Yeah, if you have the article, this, uh, the Christian guy should listen in and, uh, repyred and familiar with you know what I was going to really religious stories raised the Catholic. And, uh, you know, we were kind of required to go on. So we got to Wednesday after school. You know, religious was always supposed to be about love and, and I understand. You know what's not is about intolerance and hate. We didn't tolerate. We didn't tolerate. We don't believe it. That's all a shallow brown. He's about money intolerance and hate in that order. Exactly. Have a great day. Thank you. God bless you. Okay. That case, sure about our calls for today. We're going to go back after being away at 10 days. That's not too bad. Now we're going to have very good. I'm sure for the audience. Okay. Did we hear from our woman yet today? Oh, nice lady. If I call her and say, hey, welcome back to you. Sure. Nice to have you back. We sure missed you. Or I blow it out your eyes or either somewhere in between. And we heard from one. Oh, first time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 line. As we continue searching for those eternal truths that only this audience, sir, as God, that they're hiding. They just don't want to share with us. And we still have no idea what he was talking about. Next time you need a great pair of new shoes. Don't tell them to go there. Maybe we'll under five for today. And I'm stopped just to get there and do those little kids. But, sir, I don't know. But why don't you hold anybody want to go on a flight, sir. You're 15 and 20 and 24 hours. Jesus Christ. And we're talking about this yesterday. We're trying to get fresh after a 10 hour flight back. And what is ordinarily going to be a day? And we're talking about this yesterday. We're trying to get fresh after a 10 hour flight back. And what is ordinarily maybe nine hours of most. And thinking if we are one of those 24 hour flights, even at the end of this flight, we still wouldn't be halfway through the flight. Jesus, to a hose of fat and a palm-harbie junior. Here's a lady in Cooper City, hello. I am from the O'Reilly from the ass. Thank you, man. It's very much. You know it's your to the very good time finding this store. Right. We should not go to the train. Good night. Yeah, you got me straight now. We're all in crap. Right. You know, it's really wonderful. And we just missed you very much here in the hour. The last of the night, ladies, I hear a little bit of listening to you. I'm sorry, we don't call her now. Okay. And I had a nightmare flight, myself, after me. Today I'm going to talk about 15 hours. Do you know? Because apparently there was the major storm system. And we had a flight of polar route. Or some of the dark thing. And once we got to it, we were through Atlanta. And once we got to we had a circuit with Atlanta for an hour and a half because it's a backup before the flight. So I've been there in the only way I'm flying 24 hours. This is a long crunch. Yeah. That's the bad news. I think. Anyway, we missed you. Can I get a share with your question? Maybe. Maybe. We missed you. We missed you. Okay. You got it. Have a great time. Okay. We have an open line of being one and a broad. Five, six, six, six, five, five, six. The only 18 people who are was lying. I mean, if you're flying on a big comfortable, like a 747 in first class, even in a magnificent class on Alotaniac, stand at a different story. Or on British gear. Bad news, by the way. All of the amazing airlines, at least the ones who are, you know, the big girl in an actual airline, like British here in Alotaniac. Those kinds of. They've all jacked up their business class race. I mean, way they held up there. So that's easy. You got four grand and I like six grand. When the hell is it so? Or they find all these suckers. They'll have that kind of money. Where do I want your slippers like us? I'm not going to mark their man. They're not supposed to go there on because it's cheap. It's not a better line. But it's cheap. Who do I want to spend six grand when you can travel on a year of 15, 20, 30, 40 times a year? Here's a mobile in the range, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I got a true story here about Larry King. Yeah. That's back in 1992. My father was working in the radio business also, and used the name on the air. Mary King. Shortly thereafter, he found out there was another gentleman. Maybe Larry King is the name of the radio. He was the one who was there. So up to quietly, my father was arrested and held by the Volusian County Police Department for two hours. But not being a child support. You were the radio officer who used to make the name Larry King. Now he met that gentleman about three or four months later, and he did settle the name just to use, unfortunately my father's on a flip of a coin lost the name. Yeah. That's it. Okay, so I'm sorry. Okay. How long did you take him to make that one up? We have an overnight and day one at Grower in on. One of the most important people on those faces of the globe who's married to another one of the most important people on the face of the earth. Okay. Frank F.ing. GeForce. And Larry, before they got into the second question, Larry, I want to make sure the audience can understand you and I go away back away to good friends. You know, before he started really getting the tongue all the way out, doubt was mabel, and looking from head to toe. And I'm most impressed. I sat there and I watched the entire hour. It was like in our two in the morning, whenever the hour. I watched the whole hour because I was so captivated and fascinated that anybody this unimportant could say nothing and beyond worldwide television for an hour, saying nothing. A man who was a good football player is that that country doesn't count for too much. Okay. And that's a lifetime ago. That's 40 years ago. Who is as bland and boring as vanilla pudding as dry as daughter? Just bland as they come. If you look up boring in the dictionary, it's got Frank F.ing. of its pretty nice. Mary, to another one of the most unimportant, overblown, no talent people, for that ever been born, Kathy Lee, GeForce. And guess what he kept talking about? Feel about when he had when he got in captain's out of fear, and they headed into the city with, and Kathy, through her religion, helped him find his new relationship with Lord. He must have said that if he said it once, he said it six hundred and twenty two million four hundred and fifty seven thousand five hundred and ninety and time during that hour. About being a very huge, huge, a very spiritual person, and he's now actually got this great relationship with Lord. Isn't that always what saved these people? They're how embarrassing they're behaving in a matter of how horny they were, getting caught with their pants down. Their great relationship with God is what makes it okay again. Just like with Baba at that prayer breakfast. I mean, not that anybody should have cared about a person who wants to get some good head or even mediocre head and not in Mary to the ice cream, just as he is. Nobody should have cared in the first place, but now even so many of these banks who were so concerned and so self-righteous and sanctimonious. Once we had the prayer breakfast, we're all doing our on-man day man, and up to dinner was okay. Now he's a good guy again. That's here for Baba Baby. Hi. Why you want from a sure or stay, too, that bringing him some oxygen under the sand, this afternoon to keep going. Well, you know, when you start hitting that heavy, when you're making a big box from the radio and from the ESPN and you're doing your show in restaurants day after day after day, piling on the fat, choking on your own fat. You guys, somebody to intercede. We're going to have to take over personally. We're not that a one-interferer. I got my own fat problems to worry about. But we're going to start intervening in this, you know, I'm saying, do some interviewers. Venus, we got to the booster, six o'clock, and we got my mom all the night. Baby, then we're in Kansas City, a real mismatch. That one. Since it's a 10-hour, I got a good fortune. Well, congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. It's the old, new, new, but to be there. Sorry. Barbara going away. You both are really dumb. And ladies were as a baby. You wanted to see me dead. Yes, they were. Sit up. I am dead. Keep in mind, I'm six o'clock, four o'clock. So, I was to tell them dead. They were, I have never done more disappointed in you, but I wanted to say when you walked in the principal, I was wearing that horrible sweatshirt. You mean my BST boys went straight right there. And I just, and understand, just this morning, your mother and I both told you to take that sweatshirt off, before you went to school, so why did you do lip-riff, as a baby? I'm on day and it's the biggest time to the year. When DMC and the BST, and I'm already got my tickets. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. There we go. We're trying to bring you home again. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. We're going to play the game. we'll use chess in. We'll give a lesson motion. Where did you種 their titles? Very good. Let's simply change them. I've been fighting them twice. Okay. Get an HR to the boss, but I also did today. Extra power. Yeah, I think it's not real. Yeah, I've got that per se. I got it down to a science now. Yeah, that's the only way I travel. And I have enough in case we hit the waves so I can re-medicate. I don't know if they'd probably go over. I mean, the trip over was seven hours and 55 minutes or the piece of cake it was like a, you know, I'm a veteran of it. So the trip over didn't bother me at all. But coming back, 10 hours. And of course, yeah, when you go over, you got something to look forward to. Well, when you're coming back, you're already depressed. See, you look up over there here. It's right. I just made the old news and I just zoom in a little while ago. And I need the name of the pork and the oyster. But did you just talk about sauce, Jordan? What half I did here? Oh, okay. Because I did it with the pie. Just where the name of the book is, uh, pros and cons. And there are two authors, which I hope Georgia's got written down because I haven't had the book here. Charles Jordan's in there, baby. He'd be back in trouble again. He'd be off the dolphin because he's a, you know, he's a lifelong criminal. He's one of the best come back to me in our fellow. I've worked there with many. And professional sports in general. We got to put any of the line for your pros and cons. I'd boys and girls really got to ours. We got to ours. We got to our 15 minutes to kill. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 6 the 18 2 1 1 1 1. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome back. We're in halfway. They pulled the plug. That's how he cried. You got it as next month. Really? Yeah, but any of you were content in the, I guess you have to put your work to be said. No. Yeah. What time the sales was from? Yes. I think what's that there? She never, you know, she had she ballooned up. She was proud. She had the kid then she still weighed like 400 pounds. And I think that was your problem. I love Kelly. But we're trying to give those back shots. What? Hey, you see it from your heart. Mm-hmm. Oh, well, that's legal. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Like Kelly Craig. Nice person getting screwed over again. Most of the good people get screwed over. Somebody, you're not so good people are going to squeak. They, I don't think it to be. Oh, she wanted to spend more time with her new world. Whatever was. Are they new kid, Terry? Open on and grow and alter in data course. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound by 6, the only 18, 2, 1. So I have to read this article about Catholic newspapers, editorial, search the positive effects of slang. So I need to do that now because I really want to do that again. I don't want to come back here and do religion because I'm sure George talked plenty of our religion all last week. One, four days. Two hours a one day. One, that's not too bad. That's not too bad for a heart-headed militant, atheist, bastard like you. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. How would it work for to be more spiritual? Like, thank you for your answer. Welcome back. Thank you. So, drive George that took you place with very boring. Really? Yeah. I wish, at least you'll funny you get a kick when you show you a while. Yeah. He was the, he's coffee store, more good. Well, like one. Well, he's talking about better news. Who cares about that? I don't care about that one. That's all. Well, was that a run day trial? Roy, we missed you. You've made me laugh all the time. I'll listen to you. All right. Thanks for sucking around. You just didn't like your eight city were boring. We're talking about a real Jesus right. Talk about nothing that a Lord Jesus would relate to. Well, Jesus, well, like, a young people care about veterans. That's an old people started. No, they don't. That's why I was talking about it. Well, about the veterans and how they get the shots here in the US today. On better. I was talking about it. Yeah, I was talking about it. What's that reminds me of a reminds me of a reminds me of a scene on BBC, especially, which is much as I like a lot of that program. It's very informative, very interesting. All of this crap and they had an interrapunt. They also had an interrapunt. And by the way, I'm seeing an internaudial. They had an interrapunt. The program, however, was going on, which it wasn't too much to begin with. To show us the queen was there. And who else? And the prime minister, Shurak, dropped Shurak over the frames. On the veterans day. And you know something? I understand that, you know, he has to look back and we have to. Why do we have to? I don't know, because they human race keeps making it for slaughterhouse. Look what they're doing in pride in Indonesia for quite a say. How could the world sit back and all the Holocaust are going? How could they allow what happened in 10 minutes square? How could they allow us to go out of it? They do it because it's very easy because it's the issue. Back in the report, you act there. You know, suitably indignant about it. And that's it. And people keep getting killed. It's like Georgia's telling me during the last break about this cruise ship that I went out and I wasn't here during the hurricane. How could that go? It happened while we were still here. But they were, I remember the story they were looking for. And they didn't find it because they went down in the hurricane. And all the people, how many people? About 40 people on board died. Because the cruise is alive. Now, do we know what cruise line it was? Not that we want to make it in our heroine. Do you know it's a couple of spots for us. I don't want to take the wind jam or bear for food. The wind jam or bear for cruises? If I'm not mistaken, which I heard you. Young. Not good to go bear for the hurricane. Huh? Not a good idea. 40 people on that ship and they decided they made a bad decision to try to make a run for it. And be the hurricane. I would hate. And guess what? Didn't happen. They died. Good night. That's what you told me. They died. Who did? So there's all kinds of insanity going on in the world. We have to see those damn movies to get about Hitler and a guy named Harikov and World War I and General Persian and Persian Square and all of a sudden. What difference does it make? Because they're still looking for same crap right now all over the world. The world is a guy named Slotterhouse. And these vacations that I go on here, the strat is part of the whole deal is. Now, the last year I did get spoiled. Make no question about it. Make no question. Well, whatever that goes. Seven months. I didn't. I had all if I would have been smart, which I'm not. Nobody ever choose me being too smart because I came to work here. I would have taken a whole set of a month and I would have arranged for people. They all pay my bills and the takers. And now, but I just got them out of here for seven months because when you go on a vacation as you know. As those of you who actually look forward to going on vacation that really goes somewhere and do something. You come back. It's like like a dream. It never happens. It's like it never even happened. But you went to bed one night and an interesting enjoyable. The Zard dream for a few hours and you won't come and that was it. That's the end of it. I can never even occur. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. There. Welcome back. Yes sir. I want to tell you, I'm happy to have two out of three while you're gone. Yeah. You feel better for you to eventually? Pretty good. To the one pretty conventionally. Well, there were a shop 40 to 15 and they got the one to the one and they won pretty conventionally. Well, it's played better than the score in the game. Yeah. What did you do? You have the right shop 40 to 15. I mean, this cause I wasn't here. Doesn't mean I don't know every little detail is going on. He was created out like 40 feet from the net and they collided. Yeah. I've been being forgotten as a ass. So he's down for like 30 to a second to a minute. And all these people that are still working there and being worked for them to better guys. Meaning what? Well, I don't even need to be able to forward that even at your fair game. Yeah. And you know. Well, I want to want to want to want the alleged racial into the world. I was with Chris Wren calling him a by a team, but that will know not at the end. Or they anything that bad. That should not happen. I don't agree with that. That was after the fact because you know, at least I just suggest you get a chance to look at it. No, it's a clip. And I don't want to see what off the bench. He only pants or call out again, raise about P to a well. So I'm not a fuel. He will. Well, he's not a hockey player. He's never got a big hockey player. He maybe he does work like a bad boy. Not a lot of them. They don't know. Essentially. The fact is that you come back here and get a new favorite of the left for me. Big article. P to a well with P to a well. And this is a P to a well is not anybody can do it. But a hockey well. I was just looking at the aspects of V ambie's work. I didn't know that. So you got an E dot E dot C dot C dot C. You're like, well, you like D C, pull out of there. Well, get it back back in the work of the one. Hey, you should be back in the new board. So I just know. And we'll see him again here on the way. Yeah, I'm sorry. And he used to me, the turn coat. So. What do you mean? The turn coat. Well, you know, what does that mean? I just want to wait for you. You do? In other words, it was his cross over a year as well. So how does that get out of here? Another one of our knowledgeable sport fans. He's a turn coat because they wouldn't have him what he wanted. And they wound up paying two steps more than two of them between the two of them make it more than what he wanted. And they got two steps for going out there now. And he didn't like the way he left here. Okay, thank you, sir. Well, why am I giving him some probably? What is anything shock me here? Would he know as a sportsman? Especially the hockey fans, man. They really know their stuff. Like, no much think about that. I did like the way he left here. Therefore, you know, we're also beating the crap on him. And it gives me tremendous pleasure, etc. And so as opposed to saying, you, which here in the act, have him back in and as opposed to these two shifts we got. Two other lines of day, two and four have they said it could be. Two, eight, hell. But the real Roger show now on five, six, the WPA, your day. With my day, both got ready for the way. You're not trepting this old place, you stay like you like crap, because with one day, you're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. You're going to be my favorite. I really can't go. I'm afraid it is not the free game place. The time is now when I'm coming free. I like my movies which show you can't really breathe. The ball is on my heel. The baby may even be. All I can say is for that food time of week. I'm going to have a hard time free to be my favorite. This is the biggest thing you must be able to do. We're going to throw this away. We're going to throw this away. I'm going to throw this away. The camera will be like I'll be safe too. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. I'm going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. You're going to throw this away. But actors both have ways to be proud of them. Those people are proud of themselves. These have a variety of ways. there are amazing ways. It's all about a hundred million dollars for 36% with that opportunity. We've launched the small USA 10 today. We launched a 10 100 year old ball. We've launched a 10 year old ball. I say, a playgun your houses. I hope that all youth sports guides, because when hockey, which is a rubber virgin doing this, when they start doing the same thing, then I'll just turn in my tickets. Okay? I'll just go out and sell them on the street corner. I'll go in and sell them in the parking lot of the sawgrays. I'll playgun all of their houses and those people, those idiots, including some of the ones who listen to this radio station, the other 20 hours a day, who support and subsidize this, you need mental health. 12 million dollars a year for five years, for a big fan-ish roll like mobile on, and he's got the foot foot, I say, no, I want mobile. Two open eyes and day two and a row, five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six on the mobile one line. Here's my me, Lake. So, I'll, you know, yes, sir. You put a monkey on the air, this guy, I told you, you're telling me I'd read that monkey was. George sucks, man. Bring back, okay. Yeah, bring back the truth. Okay, one call left on the board, they're banging, clanging on here, the construction people are banging on the walls. I'm back, I'm right back in the swing of it. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6 on the mobile one line. I'll take you one thing. George may suck the big one, but George tells me that the phones were how a lot better when he was on last week. So, what I'm getting here today. He said these phones were smoking like a week. I got two stinking calls on a goddamn board. Just like always, same old-tired craft. The one thing that I come in here and dread, the one thing that I approach with great apprehension, air-be, goddamn damn my life that I walk into this room is sitting down here and being met with this classic, colorful and different. Even if most of the calls do suck, which they do. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello, I'm Neil. I wanted to give a telling off that jerk who called them these for the turncoat just a little while again. You'd be on a call I was. Well, I mean, you said exactly what I've been complaining about to my husband and anybody else who was sick to go and listen, they're paying no off for two nothing. Really? When they had a real barley and he deserved what he was asking for. Yeah. And I also think that URL is really smart to not get all involved in that racial stuff. That's like every time he plays a game somebody comes along and says someone called him a monkey. And I think that he's real smart to not get involved with that. The only one that I know of that ever used the turncoat and eating ape was Brian Murray last time I recall. Right. And I know somebody talked about how well he's playing and how they won the game and it was a good win and all that sort of thing. How well he learned. How well the pants are the same? Yeah. It was true in a row. I mean, hey, it was something. But I'm not. I think that I hope that MB's for the best season are coming to him because from the minute he did that at the beginning of the year, the minute Asian started asking for roughly. And I think it doesn't mind raising ticket prices and trying to find a car buying about nobody will build him in a arena when he's got more money than God. So anyway, that's all I'm saying. That was my beast. I love hearing you tell that guy all. Okay. And what do you want to have a done Sunday? Yeah, I'm going to be there. Okay, thank you. Reading for the dealer. Okay. See you there. Bye. Ha ha ha. We have an open line in the road. Here's a mobile and call for him. So I'm. Yeah. Yes, sir. You're a little late. You're a little late. Let me tell you. I gave up on the season ticket holder of a lot of sort of a Marlin for the heat, for the panzers and for the things. Yeah. When they started with these salary situations, 60, 80 or 100 million every season, I said to myself, later for this, I gave up all my season ticket. And what I started doing was sponsoring use athletics. And at least there, you get some day for your buck. When you go to a soccer game, like I sponsored three different girl soccer team, they treat you with respect, they treat you with, you know, all out. Playing. And that to me is what sports is all about. It's all situation with. He has to take care of them. Brown. Way out of here. When you think about, and this is not the greatest analogy, President Clinton, who's on the pressure 365 day a year for a measly 250 large a year. Yeah. In respect to a guy that goes out and throws a ball back and forth to the catcher and takes four swipes at a plate. Right. What's wrong with this picture? No, what's wrong with this is that the American public are a bunch of morons that the parties are all upside down. They've been very honest. They've been brainwashed into subsidizing a bunch of bullcrap and the network's keep coming along. And it's $3 billion. And it's a $3 billion. And the sky's a limit. I hope they all want to lose my rent. Well, it's guys like me that go out and support these franchises. And it's guys like me that are backing out. And when I tell you backing out, it's not just me. It's mostly associate's that I deal with. No one in their right mind. We've gotten calls from the heat front office about, you know, look, don't bail out the season's going to be here. We don't want to. We don't care what the season is. Let these guys go out and work in public and find out what a real job is. And that's the beginning and the end of it. And most of those guys could get a job in my public so far. We have an open line in Brown and all three in day five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, the unimobile one line coming as past two and two and eight. There are miles over the floor. We've never met. We've got 400 big lines. We're 95, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the unimobile one line. I'm sitting here. I'm thinking about that most one thing that's going on. And the more I think about it, the more intense I get, the more intense I started letting off. You think about all the black guys in this country. Some of whom are well educated to move them to have some skills. Just can't catch a break. And here's a guy who turns down 12 million dollars a year to play baseball. We didn't big fan of it. There's something, there's a cigarette a wood palm here somewhere. I'm talking about right now. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, me. Welcome back. I just wanted to say, I had an idea for the, I guess you heard about the Wayne High thing that they wanted to do with statue for him. No, I didn't hear her. Oh, the, well, my stepfather actually brought it up. You think the station's pretty powerful in the favor and put his name on it. Put Wayne's a push, right? Yeah. Yeah. And also about the arena fire. Yeah. My heard about that. I was thinking maybe it was a disgruntled NBA player. Yeah, they're torn. I think it probably, you know. I think that's that. That's what we throw up and start up and we're talking about. How do they say it's weird? OK. We have an open line of brown, three in date. Model and Western, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm going to back. You know, this trip? Great. Did you see it in a favor? They bought your possible sort of a thank you for a war else. Where did he go on a wed team, Rosa? Yes. Well, what do you think I have here? How do I know? How can I say anything when I wasn't here to see the game? How do I know? Well, I thought maybe you painted her something now. For the NBA player. Oh, well, all I can tell you is that I have no interest in goons. OK, there's too many goons in the NHL. There's too many goons for this guy is not a player. I'm sick and clarity. He heard about Peter Warrell. There's a mediocre team that's playing out there named the Florida Panthers. And it's a good distraction to keep everybody pointing things about him. He did this. He didn't do this. This one called a man named and didn't call him a name. That's that. All of it is in the smoke screen for the fact that's a very mediocre team. That's for a go on. He's on players with this. All the money that they're getting in the air. It's not very good. I won't pay for any of the tickets. But you said you wouldn't want any of the basketball players in your public. I think we're really using them. If all of them, if you wouldn't have to have any of these short stuff, people are ladders. They're really just not doing it all the way. Good point. I'm just going to talk about that. Get those prices down there where they ought to be. Excellent. Thank you, sir. There we go. Let's get all those NBA guys in there. You're a neighborhood public. Pre-chop for me on the fourth shelf up. They're all keynote problems. Thank you for reaching down. Two open lines in day two and row are by chance nice place minor league ball in the 1939, 1940. It was a big doctor's organization. And $40 a month and all the bill type is ranked on the bus. Yeah, another period. I don't care if something that was great. $40 a month. I made this a flight second day. I made this trend. I was in 280. I considered her. But I could never get up into the big. I'm lucky to be. Whatever they are. That's what we're doing. One in the east and they get in two, three million dollars. Right. And they can't. Look at us. What's his name? He was a field. They put him in his business business. They did it. And he can't catch a fly ball. Who holds a control? Who you can catch a fly ball? Who you can catch a fly ball? Who holds a fly ball? I can't catch a fly. I can't catch a fly. I can't catch a fly. It's a fly ball. Fireball, baseball. Good luck. Amen. Not going every major league game. I stopped on or I stopped. I stopped last time. Here's a mobile in the Gabels. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sure. Yeah, I'm just wondering why you bring it up. Raise where it comes to mobile on. Me one. You're saying, oh, how many black people in like, is that dumb? Whatever you go, smart? So why you bringing it up? Why not? Well, when you when like theatiss turned on the big. I see I said turn down the big deal from the doctor's table. That's super right guy. Yeah. Yes, I did. I did. Right. I did. I stupid. We know is what I call the match right. Oh, you call him a great one. Right. He is not in the column of we know. He is a great one. Listen, listen. I agree with you about this. That's why he's like a great one with no lawyer. They will validate about the fact that he was in shock that he was no longer wearing the Dodger Bluffs because he demanded a hundred million dollars from them. And now he takes 91 million to play in New York. He's nothing but a guy damn of Hurrah is what he is. He's an amazing. We know more. That's beautiful. But listen, I just hope a peaceful person at a business school. He goes to the worst court and they're overpaying everybody. And that's the course I really stand with it. Overpaying everybody when the free-gen of the team were on. You're right. They started to hold me. I have a play on their house now. I have to come up with their balls and pack them up and go home. Amen. Of course this time, but this is going here. We're going to mind a putt. This place is a little bankrupt because of the marlins again and we're going to win soon. The marlins were so much fun. By the way, anything happened on that deal. I was done at John Holt. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my God. I'm going to tell you something. But they approached you. You people out there in radio land and tell you that they want you to buy those marlins, season tickets next year. You better show them where they got them. Exhibits. You better make them hear that doubt on on the phone. Real goddamn fast. That's the one. Well, I think it's kind of slow, you know. Oh, this process can blow. Did I ever mention that? Two other lives a day before that I had Birmingham and the Tuscaloos a game on no Saturday. Yeah, God damn life. Okay, I'm going to rehab. Get a get a lot of bottoming. See if there's anything left in there where that brain used to be. You say, what is it? I'm on a wrong line. Mobile in North Miami, huh? Are you doing health? Okay, sir. I know that we've played a match. And what is Georgia the last guy is kind of boring. But we're going to back down. Okay, thank you so much. He may be boring. But let me say it again. He had more calls than one hour. And I've had all been here put together. That's what he keeps telling me. Everybody. He says, guess what, dad? So I had more calls on a board at any given time than you have put together here in two and a half hours. What's your big plane with it after 23 years in his market? And I said, well, yes, what, Mr. Smartie pants? I just got my paycheck today. That's what I said. Oh, I'm glad I did give you your bonus here. No, I've never threw him this morning. Oh, my God, this is the week, ladies and gentlemen. This is the week that was. Get water contact back. Forget about that. It's face you're looking with that old fart. Get water contact back for one more go round. We have the news. You've been at the goddamn centrient. It's coming up this Friday. So, every 20 is right here at W2AM. This is the day, according to Greg, I would never lie to you unless I was alone with somebody read. Promise George is 3, not 1, not 2, but 3. Uno does trace under twice. Got it? Uno does the way trace. 3 bonus checks. All in one. This Friday. And if that money isn't there on Friday, it's going to be all wrong. They can't even for some of us. Because this man came down here and made a bottle. What in the goddamn door? Look at that. Made a bottle from the goddamn door. This great green. That after all these months of pervericating and bullcrafting and stalling and stung on, and just playing out ball face lying through his goddamn teeth. That George would finally get his bonuses. And here's the guy that comes in here. And there's a whole week which prevents them from having to pay somebody from coming in here to do the affilland. Who probably would have sucked anyway and did a lot more boring than George ever could be. So this Friday, I want Airbnb buddy in this town. I want Airbnb man, woman, and child. In fact, it should be a holiday. It keeps you to be allowed to stay home from school on a Friday. So listen to this show and see if this man finally comes through. This is the mum of two. This is the greatest test in my history of the human race. Far more meaningful than any of the monica low-end people crap, any of that garbage. And I'm on vacation to follow a week. Yeah, so if you also take it off. Yeah, that little bit more. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So, there's going to be answering the phones, running the board, and payment that's what they're checklist for. For what's 26 and 5? Yeah. Ben coach, get away from the ball, mother fucker. Pretty good 5, 50, WQ and by the way, I guess I should, and all fairness mentioned, I did see this story. Can't count it either to use an answer. So if you like money, just like Mark Reys, to the couple years ago, then share a fancy title. Can't count it any show, a little bit of loyalty. So if you like money, turn it off or from Detroit. You want to play for the wedding. And say it in Houston. Very well, can, baby. So there's a few guys who want to like that. Not too many. There's a couple that can scrape by where there's six or seven or eight many in your way over there, or make it. They can make ends meet some high. As opposed to what I grease for all my piata and a big skull nose. Open on a day one and grow. Five, six. And you know something, there's no NBA season, and you better pinch yourself right now, boys and girls, because some health, our lives are going on. What a revelation, huh? Can you believe it? I can't hardly believe it myself. The life is we want to know it is still going on. A world is still spinning around. God is still killing people. By the way, the name of that cruise was the Kamikaze cruise that those people bought on. The one that went out there in the middle of hurricane mission. So let's see if we can't beat that storm today. I beat the storm, oh, we're all dead. I was hit again, dear for the... Here's your. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. How old? He's George. Yeah. Hey, hey, George, we're really sure. What's happening? You're already stolen in. Hey, good day, where you back. We didn't happen in. I heard that they sound the ship, but didn't find the people that true or everything's gone. They're dead. Oh, oh, oh. Hey, um, okay, so that's what's up. Yeah, all right. Stuff and I can do about it. Sorry. Exactly. There's no sense in overreacting at this point. Right. I'm working. I mean, those people from a Titanic, you're going to go to the theater, yeah. Listen, it's good to have you by now. And listen, um, fetch on Henryville. What's done? What are your guns? We was. Yeah, sure. I said that. I'm going to find a fact. Yeah, I'm not going to. How come when I say that he run a sports day? He's not going to immediately. Don't get like all kinds of buildings and bells and buzzers going off. I don't know. I stopped at a really curious. Just thought with the big news that they're. Yeah, then let me just demand what I said before. John Henry, if he does those things, he still just tell him, well, when you want to really you take a call on me. You know, the first thing he said, though, like, don't you know, is that he needs new stadiums. Yeah, of course. And I know you don't like sports. But when you do like certain sports, but did you hear it? How do I say sports? I know you do like certain sports, but the Saturday US about your sports. Yeah, they did. Yeah, about how they beat the crap out of, uh, who know they like that. So I was good. That's why I wanted to say that. I'm going to put it with me. We'd be noted in earlier. Right. You know what? I'm going to know how I was saying. I saw a highlight. That's right. That's a great one. Right. What can I do? Hey, Neil. I missed you. Two words was great. You see how the zone ends. Our people still. And you have a good one. I have a great life. For people from our foreign event, communities, uh, they'd go to the hospital. He was with the assures. Very good. Really, whatever you told him, Joe. The way that he was a pod guy. Oh, that's right. He used to be with, uh, Houston. And then he went to a San Diego. And then he went back to Houston now. But for the last money, then he threw it off. And that was the point. Is that the point, Joe? That's the point. Right. Also, I forgot that he went to San Diego. What's the same? San Diego even as the good as he was. They had very 90's script team. He takes 20 win off of that team. And 10,000. And he's going to be off. Can you try and gone now? Do you sign? We don't know anything. Okay, it's your fourth place. We don't know anything. But the point I'm trying to make you San Diego is a boring and ambitious team. He was Greg Vaughn, see what it says, No Vaughn. Maybe they can get Archie Vaughn. And here's a big article by Michael Rootsell by the way, An yesterday, Sun Channel. We're out here with Stan Verbal Vaughn. Just as well. See what I'm saying? Such as, make a big deal about Peter Warwell as the first guys. You know, a big rock I mean, Peter can really play the game. And I just anticipate the fact that we got, you know, organized, they took over the last two more albums. And a very mediocre team. How about those maple ladies? How are we talking? There's a lot of games, but never less. There's a mobile in Miami, huh? Hello? Yes, sir. I hear, are you doing great? Welcome back. Here, if you can hear that, probably trying out our gas station for lower place now, to do the same thing. Maybe it's a rough, rough solution. Well, really, if Bald is going to get into the game. Yes. You better check it off because that's not too very major, horse, for the kitchen that we have in the market right now. He's buying up gas stations. I'm getting a gas station, about okay, pal. Let's go check it out. Let me know which gas station he's a boner. I'm not sure we don't get no gas there, okay? We'll see in there, thanks. We have an open line in date. Yesterday was a Teherodosund channel, a lot of people. Think puppies by a lot of wings, pinch them from Republican industries on the off-ed page. Going on, I'm going to be in 6,000 paragraphs about how we never saw a free train. And he's a wonderful guy. He likes to win and he likes to do this and that's sort of what's on. Right, we believe you. Here's plantation, hello. I knew I knew it. Okay, sir. I think with the Wayne deal while you're gone, Wayne has been replaced immediately like a settle and Henry called up for the city was in a red line. That's not the just before I left right. Maybe I said that anyway. I'm all in the property team, two people from 2am and the two newspapers. And a full of guys. You're going to have them run and order directives. Oh yeah, that was the last thing I heard before. He did hear that. And the deal is completed. For the reason I George's board was lit up as he was given away. He encased his appeared all the green goes to let us pick out from the country. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Great. Good job, we only put it there. Right, quarter. Okay, we have an open line in the day. Welcome all kind of real-time given away. Cuban gear. Tara Blender. How big are your pardon? Tara. Lager? Lager. Mmm. Isn't that the kind that the Josh and you and the Lager were back to the game? Also not in the depth of the part about John going to well, and having had a fear with the first guard. John got in the well. We're getting with that tomorrow. So he turns out that all those things that I made up about this first guard, right and I just assumed that they turned off to be true. We got the inside story. All about your thanks. Who are you? It's me, everybody. I'm glad you found me, John. I thought you told, so you could have heard. Okay, welcome back. This is what you need to bring your meridia in. Bring your question. Can help you knew we'd be a marital fronzo. Let's go to the phone. Hi, Jeremy. I have a question about my honor. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. I've been in the P-Hubs. Okay, next song. Hi, Kathy. Hi, Kathy. I wanted to ask you about what you said about milk coffee. Milk coffee is a big cup. What's wrong with? What's wrong with? What's wrong with? Hey, Kathy. Okay, one more phone call. I've before we take a break here. Hello? This is Kathy Lee. Hi, Kathy. I'm kind of like a roller call. We call the next guy. Bill, man. Are you married? I'm married. I'm married. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. You see his dad. Don't forget to meet me. I have this time of the Kathy Lee. I know how's been. Thank you for our two very, very important people. You better tell them I'm a label. I tell them you like it or not. I'm holding. Okay? Is that okay with us? I know. And she's helped Frank find a relationship with her. He's never had before. Here's for a motordale. Hello? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? I do. Welcome back. This is a couple of quick questions for you. Okay. About the argument about how much money that I've got to pay. What's the difference with paying? What is the definition of a fan? Well, there's all kinds of fans. There's a phone. There's a fan to where I live and die with her team. We support the team because they enjoy the sport. You mean, there's a, you know, recreation or whatever the holidays? Yeah. I mean, how are we to pay? If we take a fan ship, but if the player is probably like the holidays, if you're the money. If you're a boss, walk this and you don't need to end up to me. No, you sure. Yeah. I mean, I think it's the other thing. Right. I don't, there's no question about it. But the problem is you got these assholes. They continue on a one-hand value. It's about the fact that John control the, you know, a company that's using some planning to lose in money. And then they throw around and they give the money. Figuring that there is no limit that the fans will want to, there's no power as well. But in other words, no matter how much they keep raising the prices. Okay. I want to bang on it. Well, already banged on a lot, but that was an answer. But the bottom line is that this kind of existed before we had professional baseball. And possibly if I didn't see their say that. Now, was this community better or worse in those days than it is today? Is there any question? No. Is the quality of life improving in this time? Because we have more professional sports? No. Oh. Here's open part. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to tell you about the rena, you probably won a one-miss shoe that they started to win, but all the soldiers have. Thank you, McAureen. Yes, sir. What lives on the solar? What am I going to? Hey, hey, hey. Hey. How do you like that? You missed out when you went away because they did it for you. They did. They speak it in their while I was away, so I couldn't take credit for it. Right. Thank you so much. Very much. There you go. I got this sound taken here up. I got the guy damn shot time goal off on a big board. There's where everybody can see him. I got the lived off there. And I had the goal. I had some sure they still have the same thinking goal. I said that would be too obvious. Killing into one person who is a real fan, one of the very few real fans of the 10-game in the end of the rena, that understands what's going on. And what takes place in a real major league of rena, even old places like Maple Leaf Gardens, where they got some big goal light. And they have to have real big ones because they're going off a lot this year, baby, for the home game. That's right. Because they're on a league of billion goals. And they play a lot of games. But nevertheless, we have an open line. A couple of the final day, one in Broward, 5-6-7-0-5-6-6-5-6-6, and a five-6-1-1 line. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Yeah, Neil, did you hear Joe Biden's definition of such packing out the game yesterday? No, I did not. I couldn't believe it. The other in half is, which is the speech we're saying. I'm not touching that. One of the years, they brought the field goal. Mine's brought the field goal. Man. One of the defensive linemen was trying to plot the field goal. Another guy got behind him and pushed him from the back. And Joe said, then that's what you call a punch packing. Really? Like, when you punch packing? No, I'm going to do it. You punch packing. Then the other one has to set up the pitch. They just set the pitch with their yanks. They were stuck here. They were stuck here with their yanks. They were still in the manual again. There it is. They just did. They were funny. Thanks for the little injury. Thank you. Now these yanks, they didn't say whatever they wanted. When you punch pack, and it's okay, because they're dry. So a lot of say, we're driving back from the airport yesterday. I got the dolphin game on dolphin Carolina. I guess the girls came again. And as different as doing his usual staccato, you know, kind of the nine The script played by play. But man, they just don't know. It was that fourth time play right there. The end of the game when the dolphin is trying to run a clock out. Fourth and three. And this time was on the other teams, you know, and the other end of the field and set on their own. And they go forward and make it. And man, it's something that way. I'm riding the back. And I just almost threw off the world. I'm laughing to hard. I just thought man, it's true or the best baby. Two other lines in broad five six. You got a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. What's up, buddy? How you doing? Great. I just wanted to go there. I just wanted to add two things. First of all, I wanted to go there. I need to go for a 90 to four. Another piece of the material before the morning. Yeah. The switch. Can I have a switch? No. I'm talking about the station. Really? I heard it this morning when they were, whenever they were doing that. They were going to be a little bit more expensive. I don't know what to do. Yeah. I wanted to know how you feel. Very fresh. I really look like a cancer baby. It would be really. It looks like a crappy loss. I thought I was going to die too. Well that's the best move inside. I didn't even want to talk to you. Can you take a mobile on that side of the mobile box? Not no mobile. Have a great day, buddy. You don't know no mobile. Okay. I know this is where to put the action in. Put it on the 60 million for a five years. Allow the 60 million for five years. You guys, crap at me or what? That's the best. That's guy. He wants to get paid by the pound. What do you want? So I just dribble my ass. Oh, look at that. This dribble body of shoot up meatball. They shot the camera's up too soon. Yeah. Maybe you guys would love that on the money. Never that show. Well, thank you. Something I never even as I've been fighting the flu for days. Not so true. I shouldn't say that. It was cold. Because it was you know, the weather was a little on the watching side. I'm just, um, successfully fighting it off on my dad. And I think I'm going to do that this time. You're so little bit of aching now, whatever little continuation. But I, other than the men, I feel so great. They're just taking me to a lot of realize that the main reason I feel so good is that we actually have the light time. We don't have five show in there like money and farting all over the place. We don't have like a little side show going on here. We're back to the way you used to being in for a gym. Like a real, pleasant experience almost. We just had all these phones with it up here. I'm really looking at it. So I'm going to call you guys in call zone. What? Only for it. I'm just the being facetious one we had the whole last hour. Hey, listen, you don't expect a big response to you on a Monday. You don't go away on vacation. Although I won't say that there's you to be a go away on vacation. We play those tapes for a week and I come back and we take me a solid week. You can get any of the audience. In fact, because they were all gongering in vacation. So you can make all the time that you want about you or you can make it feel better about yourself. And he did one hell of a, oh. Okay, John. Who's a mobile in Miami? Hello. You don't have to know. Yes, sir. I did that. I'm a first time caller. I feel like that I may represent the silent majority. I'm a three venue season ticket holder for a number of years. But this happens to be yes. The salary's got to act. It's taken sort of whack. And I know three other people that just close to the end of the, and the, and these venues and that's it. So I think we're doing good. Well, what's going to happen down the line is that. The sport is just working on diving on a horse, but you're going to have to hope for it. You know, I mean, if that's happening, it's fine. But a little guy's not going anymore. Right. You know, our goal to a college team and, uh, you know, we'll put up with the kids. I just get six, but they, hey, what's that hell? You know, you know, I haven't been time at that. Right. So that's all I have to say. Okay. Thanks. There you go. That's the attitude of a lot of people in the court. So there are many people out there that do have to like go share tickets because the expenses are great. They're going to say, you keep them. Okay. Find somebody else to, uh, just talk a little bit on it. Because the prices continue to go up and up and up and up and they ring their hands and they will and they nation, they won't and they go on strike and they have locked out. And then in the meantime, well, what gets well, we're going to be raising prices next here. Just say, well, college insanity, all the highway robbery. It's not that important. It's not that good. It's not that enjoyable. And if you took away Jerry Glitter, you wouldn't even know that there was anything inside and go out. All right. That's right. If you took Gary Glitter away from the sports in America, the sport to be all our business, come on morning and six or class. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's not enough. Oh, my God. Yeah. There we go. Let's go. Crack it up. There's something we're going on there, baby. Go ahead. Much of bulkrat. 255, 60W. You can't find a fake orgasm going to sports to the man. Oh, yeah. It's really exciting. And it well. If you want to play for eight hours, you're going to be a real Roger Joe. Now he bought waterdale. He's so wide and so wide. Let's play for four nights, so we're going to toughoff occasion. This is like the hotdogs up with bubbles. You'll bring carts and cables to get fit club chuckles.отрies? This is like the hotdogs ever took a full plan too. I'm sold to golf guys, so this is still a room that's common for all this life. Baby, try to get me Baby, good, healthy, and good You know why does this hurt your world? In fact, you're the baby baby You're coming baby, you're not a mute And even worse, we're terrible It's a little worse, though, right, but it's a little We've never even made a nervous world Baby, we're just like baby Don't forget that you're very important people I mentioned yesterday, it's 103.5.6. You've got to be two, we've got to be two We've got to be two, we've got to be six, we've got to be nine So it's all a big clock dinner in the Kansas City I've been going to go to work, and ten and Thank you Two open lines, a day one at Broward five I see Bokeb Wren's here, I feel better already No seriously, since you walk in the door You're cheated with the soup I just said From Tony's by the way, the band I came up with our friend Tony I don't know, not enough Thank you Tony, or what it was, is it? Right, thank you Brad Is it Tony your Brad your Brad at Tony? Whatever hell it is, Tony's on the street, we think I'm proof you It's a good stuff Can we know how to get to free food on the show? Right, we know how to do it We don't have to call up and they get into big arguments With our good friends, like our friend at all American Two open lines a day to one at Broward Brad For about five six seven or five six The compound five six the only 18 T lines Scott Whatever his name is Brad Scott, Tony, follow same Seeing one you see them all Here's my amy hello Neil, yes sir Hey welcome back Thank you, how's it big edge? Great Hey, no bonding, these are worth anything there He's big No, yeah I mean each hour bar, I mean you're my Jonathan, he's a great Yeah, probably two three does me But what was the name of that guy in the 70s? He used to play for first base for the red set Time to take a look at you Yeah, we're to pay for him First base for the way out in the 70s He looks like mobile on Yeah, big dark and fun to get there Beats a lot of me George Scott George George Yeah, right, he was he was getting paid by the pound two right He was ten times better mobile on Yeah, you're right, good point Okay, we give George Scott to money, George C Scott wants them That's two I'm here with the piece All the day lines you're open again here from Mendusbury's sponsor give it away beer Anybody wants them beer? Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line Yeah, I come in here, I get to give away a bunch of crappy old CDs The tracing of you, I can't give away any way I think that's your honor Monday You've able to see these also I had a special order to hold much a weed CD Just for that Monday So I was over there smoking weed in Amsterdam And you were given away weed CDs So what comes around goes around, I'll kind of ties in together A lot of drugs in Amsterdam And so all we did to pretend days just grooves, grooves, more grooves Anybody believe it? No, just where the word Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello Mobile in Hollywood, hello Mobile in Hollywood with a radio crank way up Are you doing? Okay, sir Are you doing it today? I just came back from Utah I just wanted to say that That karma won on the radio I mean that's a joke Yeah I mean that's an absolute heads Heads are that be treating his wife bad And if you do not believe it or come down there and kick your ass How do I say? Yeah, right? Yeah, I mean it's absolutely ridiculous Right I mean I can't believe they act I mean that's like a great news go out on the basketball court And go on a wave for a fade away shot Exactly You know I can't wait for a ride Yeah, alright Alright, can I call somebody a do you stand? Go ahead, pal Yeah, alright, the college agency from D'Ara Are a do you stand? Okay, do you think you can be saying how to call for it now? Okay All look at that We've got a one call on a board Time for some music now that I'm feeling better No, we want Jerry Glitter We're going to have you got Jerry Glitter You hold him back on us? What? Show us how to get over there Oh, he goes got Jerry Glitter over the other building How come we don't have our own Jerry Glitter got it? Here we go, come on, right there Let's go, let's do it Let's do it Let's do it We're going to do it We can see it Look everybody, you know what's going to do It's looked up at pissed off It's a good show Oh, God I've had problems because there were more places I've been fighting so I'll tell you that Who'd be recently? The first move will kill you Open on a day full All of you All three of you have a liberty Okay, sure 560505060 on the AT&T world was won That's right Can Vince the people are having a great time It's exciting Do you believe us? No, those four-hour soldiers They're pretty good aren't they? No And we think of the fans, the lives on the soldiers Not the macaroon and ice-cold and the old No, come on Here's a mobile and prom beach Shall I? Yeah, I do a nail grad if you bag I have a hand-up bag I'm sorry, I'm too hot back Yeah, I have a question for you I'll let the name of that book get you read on the air A couple weeks ago about the football players About the comeback like Charles Jordan Who's off the team now? I've got a wester to get Yeah, pros and cons And you're reading a null book Is will to the following week Lost rights by James Boevard I read most of it on a plane on this trip And it's just to the best The best Oh, okay, he's your real pissed off and fired up man Okay, well, uh, grab the heavy bag And I'm George I know you've tried, y'all But uh, what what Oh man a little more, all right Okay, watch your old man Okay, look at your old man He's got one call on the board Watch that because I got no beard A good way, no old CDs from Tracy Mealy No weed CDs How about let's give away some weed? How does that sound? Huh? Anybody want some good weed out there? Brought it back for mom's shit on Uh, some good scunk Back to that cousin's guy Said, what's wrong with your suitcase? So I said just a scunk Okay, go ahead and have a nice shirt of mine 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 On the AT&T wireless line Everybody in that jury glitter It's got me, my insides are turning And he would that of the soup or the other Got my insides just, my kissies are twisting From jury glitter Because right, when I go to a sporting event What I'm making efforts drive three minutes up to road to see those hockey games I'm stuck, you've fired up when I hear someone say that Better than I will believe it I'm gonna try to get one of five shots We are going to be in the job We are going to be in the job We are going to be in the job We are going to be in the job We are going to be in the job We are going to be in the job One, four teams, I'm tricky Got the QM, thank god that's seen in As well as top of the baby, we made a quick turn around From crisis in the job two Thanks for investigating the prison day Alright Okay, we have two of them Are you worried about them? As always they will, they are not steady They are not steady, they are one of the yellows They are hate or are in different areas Because we are going to be in the long, hundreds, QM, only in the world Break, half the people are the one We have all the lines, you can have people like over the year I know what I'm saying if we have six lines which we do We can have ten people waiting And by the time we come back from the break, they are too left We have right now Erwin, god damn time Even George is crazy, he was last week Even George said this happened in Erwin Even given crap away, they wouldn't wait How do you like that Because it wasn't good enough for us, that was the problem Two open up, here is four loaded, they are alone Hey now Yes sir Did you know they are ten of the oil It seems an answer, it is going to keep tight Start 90 now No And that is high so many Ten of the oil Good boy, nobody does that, yes Two open lines, they are dead and two in the ground This is our last call for calls, we got 44 minutes to kill Here on my first day back from vacation Is there going to be one of those? Jesus, god almighty I'm going to have to go home and they eat some fish food or something 5 6 7 5, probably why don't feel like 100% like that No fish food Probably man, this is the last day Here is my name, hello Hello, hello, yes sir Welcome back buddy Sure First of all, George, it looks fine, fantastic job like you are gone And I want to know what your make the next appearances This Saturday It's Saturday, when a handle Where is the handle known as two? 92.05.06 Beautiful Okay Here they are, see that fine Going to be going to our channel with all of our people All those positive people will see you show up there in candle They will be real interesting See if we get a video to get old Jews, young Jews Structops, poochers up there, candle, borders and candle We need to do their Saturday Our set of 110,000, we got 60,029 We actually have more than that but we have more of these More borders, problems man Pointing out reporting in candle, not reporting in for my three The growth plantation again And look what we did in the book is through life We did $20 One whole CD there, or cassette Probably cassette, because anybody The fed chief can afford a CD player Man So we got a long way to go, we got a little over 60 grand We probably got about 25 out of the room, give or take But it's a real struggle man, I can't even be a phone Surring on a station, everything here at QAM is a real struggle Because you're all alone, Mr. You're all alone, it's all strictly old And that's right, no more supporting cans like the old days On another station You're all alone, start making vulnerable What are the disgusting tautate is Oh god 5,675, we're being mobile in Opholocke, hello Hey, we are welcome back sir Thank you George, did great Yeah, and how about them high-cane drugs over there next to them How about one? High-cane drugs High-cane drugs right, another guy with no material 12 blinds in the Broward and all of the day We got one call off in the board, let's get that Gary Glitter Coach, shoot up again Didn't work this time Didn't commit this audience, there was something We're starting going on here In fact, it's had a reverse impact They shattered when they heard that 5,675, 0,5,6,5,6,6,6,8,8,8,8,8 Anybody got anything today? Oh, anybody got anything about those four branches We've run into the IDM, Kamakazi crew No, I'm saying fire and a guy named New Arena No, about the sailor, the marlins made a facial No, about the guy named Money that only has Ashley Toronto About Carmelone talking a little bit I'm ready to talk to you No, okay Just checking Here's a mobile and girls' frame Hello Hello, how are you? Okay, sir Yeah, I'll be at a night's time over there Wait, the best Okay, your, uh, George, do well Sit it around And, uh, the only thing I want is Talk about today and you can talk about this At the beginning was I think Monica stuck too much on her personal trainer She got some of his balls She should've done to the ground She could've done a real good Great And like you say, let's start a new page She's the right to play three But he's dead And, uh, you're right Just like, um, just like Tom Menzen said And Godfather wanted to Stop civil reunix We could've, you know, voted all the school crown Exactly, because he's stuck in town around for us Here's the guy that's making chemical weapons Just trying to, you know, develop a Mass, uh, chemical weapon usage So we can destroy everybody, all his enemies On the face of the earth, which is almost everybody Including a lot of his own people And we're like, uh, we're negotiating with him Like he's some kind of irrational human being And we have to spend a whole day If you just want to keep coming back in there And expecting him try to catch up with what he did last couple of weeks Uh, then you're okay Right exactly We keep spending his money And spending our people over there You can stay some of back here Okay, time to go back over there You know, we're only going to be able to They think, spend over a billion dollars Life's February the first time that we put up with this craft Now we spent because because they've been able to, uh, You know, come up with their, means of doing these things We've streamed on the operation, they spent hundreds of millions of this time So we're talking about two billion dollars that we've spent Best the US government, not the United Nations Two billion dollars that the US has spent How much would it cost to get some of the knock him off That's all it is Well, I think that's a billion dollars that we've got to Think you've got to think of people that take care of them Well, the problem that I see is that Nobody's going to evolve, like, and even his own people And the people who live around him are saying, please do us the favor Yeah And that's what I have for faith, they're having a good day And back to you, that's right Okay, we got one call up done aboard 5 6 7 0 5 60 Pomp 5 60 on the 18 2 wireless lunch Obviously these people are very whipped up in the far-up about that About sadden who's saying, got him sadden They don't give a crap Only one of those words of free beer Here's a mobile and hell in there, hello Hey guys, go into the case I want to be the first congratulate you for pulling that website finally off And you'll got dot com to be officially done Yeah, congratulations Yeah, uh huh Okay two open lines in the day three and bar that's that's Adam's boyfriend five from boys today didn't work five starless line Ever fine, hello Yes sir Do you hear about that girl Jordan? Did I hear about it? Yeah, I talked about it, sure. I whether you ought to call out to the news paper I talked about it from the book pros and cons before one of the case and 10 days ago and told you what a scumbag he was Yeah, I know you got stuck in her back Yeah Okay, okay, and how do I rate life? Okay One call I'm starting to board here, the worst of every day is the worst And then that one answer will again, it's upset with the website that that guy's pathetic You need to the next time he calls which believe me will be your soon You need to get that number and get him a lobotomy Give him a mobile, he called it a mobile Or calls on a mobile, he can afford He likes to let you know real arcing party stuff Probably got a computer laptop sitting right there in his car and he's a pickup truck Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the 182 wireless line Last call today, here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir Welcome back, you know Thank you Listen, George, you might have had some interesting topics when he was on Or if he spent a few hours every night researching But he had a lot of energy How do you know how many hours? He spent it on the radio But he is deaf, he is the most monotonous voice If I'm driving on the highway I have to turn it off I'm on the plane But usually in the plane, he needs to be in the very small minor or he's served Because the overwhelming majority of people, including the people, agreed to me a dear Poor city to find job and I would kind of believe them, but have a great life Like I said, a lot of people here would not finish say The very outside of the show this morning and my right is usual on target because I am Oh god, all the day lines are open, we got an open line and proud We got 400 open lines that we still have here and four buyers, does anybody know? Oh, is anybody here? Five six, six Can we see that's another thing about this company that's so great Don't get me started, I think because I've been back almost one full day here from vacation They don't bother telling you things, it's like a lot of you We'll do whatever it would help me want and you just put out We'll use your material, however it help me want And you will have a lot of money, like, you know, like the big shot like their lawyer said We're paying them a lot of money, if you have to do this show to broom-prop, it's better We'll have to do it, okay, thank you And they sure lived up to their word on that Here's a mobile on the alley, hello Maybe on the alley, yes sir Hey, here's a file by my, we had a great time yesterday at the Kiffy Leaf 300 and oh, set Yeah, I sure am glad to be getting the hell out of this town It's just madness crazy I know what you called my Alright there you go autograph They're fuckingongo f'm Oh boy they, are they? I'd just want to say they smoked them with textures to play I want��hyun to go ahead and go ahead and buy a number on it Get them all up here Knock them up and click on them And that new Spencer arena downtown see this is what's gonna happen all over America boys and girls More new arena more new stadiums more new facilities. We got to have we got to have And Scott bosses in sweet and guess what more and more empty seats and more and more franchises going out of business Where goes 1-8 Yeah, we all are a must stress society of America you feel up tight and it seems that every little thing bothers you. I mean it really gets up your ass Do you scream at your co-workers and find yourself tearing your own hair out and do you lay in bed tonight thinking why am I like this? Well, the answer is simple. You don't need drugs Then you don't need counseling. You don't even need a spend $10 or unless you real best because all you need is to go out and And finally yet may be appreciating about such a friend. Did you win anyway? Please take this advice 29 at 5.50. You WQA and Vancouver British Columbia An editorial and a role in Catholic church use paper is drawing sharp criticism by suggesting that the murders of abortion performing doctors might have some conflict of effects The editorial appeared in this week's edition of BC Catholics Public by the Catholic arts scientists are being covered in the aftermath of the fatal shooting of a doctor in the Buffalo area of performed abortions Police think they shooting was linked to three staff were taxing Canada since 1994 that wounded abortion providing doctors the editorial written by BC Catholic editor Paul Schwartz Rimes with wax said several times that murder is evil the controversy is clear to a one passage in the editorial and I quote How can anyone help or be pleased that the murders of some abortions just might have some positive side effects Schwartz wrote Here are doctors are willing to face this stigma and now the threat of personal hom associated with up with performing abortions They go to show that our powerful and all loving God can bring good from any evil situation Right, Mr. Rath Schwartz Let me read that one line again And go to show that our powerful and all loving God can bring good from any evil situation our loving God right That's what we got said new epidemic of flu coming to you. We talked about people to show today because he was in mysterious ways That's right. He's all loving We have an open line in date to a grower time 2018. T. Wireless line West Palm Beach show Which arm yes, sir, what's up? How you doing? You have a good vacation. Great good Hey, I'm just want to talk a little bit of hot hot you wick. Yeah, I was wondering what your thoughts on Panthers so-called power plan. He's saying Murray might Consider going back to putting weight in the knowing will not because you the heart actually wasn't like what he is a player And he's not gonna do it now. Why does he not like Whitney of the play? You have to you have no idea you have to ask him You don't know anything about it. No So he's not going Whitney state to tape on every path and yeah, it's obvious that he's great a lot of point You don't even hear I mean rem her never get some credit that guy pathetic. Yeah But Murray you just you just don't like them. Oh, but doesn't remember say as as we affectionately refer to him as the wizard Doesn't he say that if I hear rem her say as we affectionately call so-and-so that went out with nickers Rem her Terminal river stop living in the past. It's like the March page It's a biosection like all rem her rim job. Where there you go. He's pathetic. Oh, I'll come in. Sit down. All right Okay, thank you He's no guilty Please the new star of Panther broadcast. Think What does that tell you We have an open line in the date of our 60s. Where the hell is there? Oh my god What is that thing under? What is that other one under? Did he spot that? It was for it The other one where he Blew to that camp out on the air don't you remember that always always that's right Why you think you took the interpret as a fool for you scooters The colors get spooky in the way I'm going away for ten days. Okay, but I've been deal with nuts. We'll stop there to freak out and tell them the illegal drugs and answers Not too many just enough to be annoying We have an open line in days, but here's for myers. Hello Hey, I know how you doing okay, sir. I got a couple of questions asked you about answering the approach Is there a nuclear hatch in the afternoon? Is there a one if they're maple leaves and ask any hatch in the afternoon? Yeah, I brought you for about 20 years. Yeah, and you're the problem I'm sorry There they are right after I've got last night's here that they got for you a first door library right and I want to know how come everybody We say to put our summer machines or important that are right Exactly good point. I mean I just can't believe I'd take you to this new show Every day if nobody cares about her right or every care about what happens to Joe Robby say even what happens to the two-odd talk you with you got it Okay, I'm talking to you Okay, keep your passport handy. Especially where you are Who apologize to Dave Luxraps station? Don't you understand that sir? That's the only thing that counts as people that are bogging with Jerry Gitter Dad, I'm out there and I'm out there. There we go America's been brainwashed. They've been mesmerized. They've been hypnotized And they're asleep. They're gone down And I'm out there and I'm out there. That's what they're doing 24 hours a day between their ears. They're glittering With a bunch of over-priced horsecraft and somebody tells them that they're having a great time in those entertaining We're trying to say oh, yeah, you're right. You got a good point Here's Pember pie. Hello Yeah, welcome home. Yes sir. Listen now. You were tougher earlier back to praising Con book You had on one of the authors of praising Con You were proposing Con. Up against New York, sports writer One of the NFL personnel guys and the two old-time All the famous that I never even heard of there. Two key novel men. You know, you know, follow men, you know, pretty much Taking up for the football players and it was sort of a kind of A kind of a community of comments to one of the guys as the author guy, you know, These guys have a right to play football. You know, the judge said I'm free. They have a right to play football You know, I mean, there's something about being for kids, you know, Meter and then is right enough. That doesn't make a difference in data. You know, this is a business in data. And just totally, you know, we're attacking this guy. I said that last whole time. You know, if you're guy against, why you know, they're child The child's Jordan thing that happened on Saturday. Now right over this last weekend. If this is no property, but he's eyes, if people aren't going to race out and get that book And read it and start reading the messages in there. Then, you know, it's a holiday. Hey, it was basically the messages that the NFL doesn't give a crap. So long as it is nothing about bidding or something that shares a bad light on the league itself, Then they don't give a crap. What kind of game do they bring? And they don't care. Exactly. Exactly. I'm sorry, you're going to be talking about the kind of file of their waterdale. Yeah. I don't know if you heard about that. No. That's just one more off the street. And also, I was in the trucker here to give the name of the offer for that last night. James Boulevard, B.O.V.A.R.D. James Boulevard. All right. John good. How are you? I'm here now. Okay. Two other lines of day two and three. On another, got wrenching another bloodstressing and bloodstirling Monday here at a big city. West Camble. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I was going. What kind of actors? Yep. Three five colors. One of the really old you're going to call you up. And I say a great show. And I wanted to catch my vote for George. To take that job while you were away. And a little bit earlier to a very George find that. And I will fire for you yesterday. I don't want to go back to my city. We will go to Thursday to genau four. Work money. What is that name? have a great day, pal. OK, we have two open lines in the date one in Broward, Ciffy, and Palm Beach, a couple in four miners, or anybody in Jupiter to question if down in Key West down in Monroe County, over on a West Coast, six county, that county, Hillborough County, but in a county. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, let me hear through this, OK? The overwhelming majority of the audience has cast their vote. Management has cast their vote. I have cast my vote, well, how are they having heard any of what George did? George is doing the vacation. And the next week we're both the unbecaused in the same way. I'm going to be unbecaused in the long Thanksgiving holiday. Don't say unbecaused again. They'll be riding in the street. You're taking another vacation. Don't be frustrated. That's right. So George is going to do it because the majority of those of you that want to call in and badmouth like a bunch of little children, you just waste it in your time. You're just sitting in your wheel, find something else to do because it sure is how big those tapes. And when the people in my internet actual airport, rebate by saying, boy, George did a great job. I knew that those, real tough critics over there. They can't be feed me any of the the VES, but the VES. That's right. Because some of me even spoke English. That's right. Good people over there at Miami and National Airport, they take good care of me. They escort me right through their course Johnny said, they'll take your bag over there and put it through the X-ray. Now they didn't because he always, he always, say, y'all, how can I teach him to lie? Okay? He always has to write down that he's brand-backed candy. He buys tons and tons of candy and packaged cheese and all as other crap. And of course, you can't bring, the certain things you can't bring by, like fruit. With fact that when we got off the plane, I said, oh, you can't come in no food allowed. That's okay. We'll go back. But so every time we go through a sense of, they push him over there and he's got to go put his, they got to cure my cross examination. What did you got in there? What are you going to do with it? And where did you buy it? And meanwhile, they're giving me a whole critique on the show and about you did this and the TV show on and on and on. And of course, people are lined up for, they don't care. I'm a celebrity at two places. Three places, public, the, the macarina and a Miami International airport. Oh, that's good. I'm a show. Nobody cares. Okay. They didn't borrowed. They couldn't give a crap less anymore. Just a daughter, no fool. But it goes three joints. I'm a superstar. I don't even think about it. 21 times somebody over there did not get guy off. I think George had a good idea. He was talking about back to the movies and the movies. And he was talking about all the losers in this country. Every person prison. Why don't we, uh, some of them over there. Give them a chance. Why do I think? I'm also from Michigan. I got a better idea. Same Gerald Ford over there. Do the job. That's pretty much it himself in the foot first. But he can do it. He can do it much else these days. All the other experts in it. They're doing important stuff. George, you know, shoot himself in the foot and try to watch you come at the same time. Two open lines in Broward, Palm Beach. So 6000 Fort Myers 25,000 keyways. The 35 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Margie, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thinking. It's a funny, you answer my question. I was going to ask you. Just a second ago, I was living. Is that book called Lost Right? Yeah. I heard you reading from in a couple of weeks ago. I thought it was, uh, some pretty powerful songs. But he was not on my mind. I was reading it on a plane yesterday coming back. It's unbelievable. Really. James Bozard, B-O-V-A-R-D. That's life time. Good enough. Bozard, B-O-V-A-R-D. Hey, and that's a, let me, let me, let me, I want to make a comment on it on the, on this Iraqi thing. Yeah. I don't, I don't let me say why people get so worked up about it. I really could care less for an guy, live, size, or, or, I'll indifferent to it. So, in other words, if he develops chemical weapons and, you know, like, anthrac, knowledge that they're, chemical weapons that can kill millions of people you're not concerned about, then. Our government has a mountain that that stuff as it is. Why can't we? We care. And why are we from an age to different door and people who are actually, aren't to the armarmor country by one that would drug me. But I mean, do enhance the damage to handle it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We have two other lives at B-O-V-A-R. Find the size of a flying carpet, okay? He's my good friend, carpet, and maybe he can fly away on it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank you, I do it. That last call was all the reason why I hate getting off that plane every time the land of the airport. Well, that's time to tell you where to wear your, and that's the reason I'm calling you. I want to let you know about the rocket key going on down here, it's all for the time to get to hell out here. Yeah. That's why I take down a fortmode on there. You're familiar with it. That beach plane, that new river's plane, or whatever those places are called. And it's actually kind of place to catch with it. They're going to hell in the handback. It's not just still around or watching a house full of studs, fun, rug dealers, and a bunch of 10-nastoral kids, look at their sights. And you got to think you're lying for your girlfriend, or whatever you got in the night's meal, you got to put the kids in the swimming pond, and nothing is your wife or girlfriend, the cops just sit around with their fingers up their ass. Yeah. You're trying to get to Royce. And I want to see that it would also be the same way about all the money that's done to our places, the way to go to their park. I don't even know what the place is you're talking about. It's not these places that you never think or whatever health you've been caught up in. I have no idea what I'm going to do. Go anywhere near that part of town. You either walk in there or you let me tell you. Anywhere east of 441 is the alien to me. Actually, anywhere east of the, I think we're west of the Atlantic. Anywhere east of the University Drive is two angriest from a heavyweight life found in the left. I'm talking about the guy from the food court called this before. We have an open line, a lot of this country with all those drugs, our lives, right? We're going to be on a Honduran. It's all the dead Honduran. I guess not at all those, I don't know, in the Honduras in the Caragua. Now we don't have to worry about drugs anymore, right? I'm probably just hope for her, can't go through Jamaica. And maybe a hidden, all the people that came to my camera are. And the Colombia are marked. 242 at WQ2AN. But I'm a lovely boy of the Car. Good-o-way. And feel the release. Now, the fresh sea. We're also in the young camera-loves experience. A Cuban laughing on a big Atlantic. It's a wonderful location. But wait for me to come over. Your life's bank home too. It's the letter nature of its clients for you that day. I'm predictable. Practicing. Life's threatening. A Cuban laughing on a big Atlantic. Will your way has something better? Will faster? No faster. It comes to sharks. That's kind of a much faster than me. Road damage. Hey, for a bug in your Westmakes. 155 at 5. 50WQM. That's right. We don't care that's random. It's worrying. It's working. Making nuclear weapons over there. Do we care about fast? No. We care about the fact that people from line America are pushing all and drugs in this time. Is that a little concern about drugs? Oh, my God. Where are we, honey? On a big enough bug Cuba. George has to get a call from somebody in Cuba last week in the day. The Fidelas taken the woodpecker off of there. That was rock in our signal and they can hear us loud and clear every day. And they're listening to. And loving it every day and they're in Cuba. Honey like that. So Dallas a pig. Okay. Fidelas a monster. It's literally so long. They don't want to hear that. Only the old Cuban two want to hear that. Here's a mobile in the Naples. Hello. You do have a listener. Hello. Here we call George last week. He did it for that. Yeah. He's under arrest. And I was thinking about a lot of pressure waiting for the Bonus check coming to spread it. It's a big day in the night. They're coming. Yeah. I thought it was really easy. They're on the way. Not to worry. Yeah. Checked in the mail. And he said that if he said, in the beginning, there was Neil and so hungry. Yeah. And Neil knew everything they were to know and told me the rest. All right. Now that still is on George, they're taking over. Yeah. And we're proud of him. Okay. Whatever you say, pal. I've agreed to. Okay. That's George Beesley's boyfriend. Now, how come you're not putting fake Joe on? You're trying to keep him off? Can you wait? Can you wait? He said you can wait. What do you mean? That can't wait. That's what he just said. I can't wait. He's trying to push you back until after gets to be too a pocketable. So we ran out of time. We can't talk about Joe. Oh, I think he was a little bit apart. You put in there. You guys are listening to him all week less. We come right now. Yeah. I'm sure you're okay. You got back okay, nervous. Eastern block men. Kept it over there. No. We're doing great. We would spend testing. And I called it. Tell you that I was one of the people. There's thoughts too. It's so hard for us. I ordered it from boarders. Right on. Say right now. All right. They told us. I'd like that. And I picked up a couple sets of your CD for relatives or Christmas. Right. All we've like this, Pedro. Yeah. And just making sure you are right. I'm doing fine. Well, how long is that show going to kill beyond that piece of crap? I mean, I create your words. We know. They own it. Yeah. So they can put it on his bones. They weren't. Everybody's watching man. The passport guy, my manager. Yesterday said, hey, you're on TV. And I said, bang, big deal. Hey, I went to look for house. You stay in the people who's house. I looked at, oh, yeah. I only saw I watch on that station for Neil Roger. There you go. I've been running. The kind of him communist conspiracy. It is your take care yourself. You kidding me. Yeah. I'm just back. You're okay. Well, here from him, no, no, no. And it's curiously, he's supporting me. Surely when I'm bought to see these, he went on bought the bullvar book. He's not just some of post-moking simple women who are fast-flab that you think he is. Oh, yeah. Here's a property. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. I don't know if anybody caught this yesterday, but did you happen to catch the end of that cardinal cowboy game? Yes, I did. That was one of the worst calls I've ever seen in my life. And then catch your live. But I saw the replay because there was a... Really fun. The game that was released competitive, the Jacksonville Temple Big Game was right to the games. We were so bad. So I was watching that and then I flipped over and I saw the... Just at the end, when I showed the replay, that was unbelievable. He hung the waveable tackles the guy and he ends on. Which would have been first and go on a one-yard line. And of course there's no question in our minds that they would have scored and sent the game at overtime. But I'm going to... I'm going to... It's amazing how even if you're playing at home, the count when you're playing the cowboy. Yeah. The call of the six years in, they were the lot of you have been teaming football. And two bad dead. The one was a little bit around. I guess it was. It was a bad break. That was. Two bad. Once he hits us no more. I don't know. Well, I'd promise you about off my chest, I'd buy it. Couldn't cut us apart. One of the worst in the history of mankind. But like you said, the six years in. All right. Have a great day, Neil. I'm back to you. Okay, there you go. Okay, let's do it now. I'll put your luck. Because I got it. One thing I discovered about coming back and doing this show. Oh my God. Wow. Although I had... What the hell did I eat? What the hell was it that inspired me? Because we didn't eat that much of it. The food and hamstered to them is garbage. We know that. But there was something, some Neil that I had. That just absolutely all of a sudden I woke up in two o'clock in the morning door. And I was going back. I was going back. I was going to have a scale just for that one morning door. Because I guarantee I got out at least 10 times. And then in my lifetime there was one section that landed like a half an hour. I'm sitting there. I mean, no, it's part of life. Okay, it's part of life. I realize there are people get very uptight about things. But, it's happened. Okay. That's just the way life is. It happens a lot. And when you work here, it happens all of time. Okay, Hank is coming up next. We have to stay there. Hank's been doing a little oxygen this morning. So we don't have any more of these problems. It's called the Permanent to a coma. Hank is a tool of stake too. We got the boosters here. So, Clark and then we got some other natural called bad match. I've been for a pound can to city either caught tonight, but don't better on it. And nice job again. Jolly, unbelievable.