chances he made a few things happen but he's using a matter wrong roll he won't put him on a point in the power play this guy thinks he's gonna come in here and rearranged the furniture and he's gonna make a miracle from it and guess what most of it is the same whole tired furniture that would nobody wants to buy right what you're saying is because I'm a former athlete and a coach that tries to play head games to think that the performance is gonna be better that's what that's what it was just like him pulling out Sean work I mean you see this happen in games and it happens decreasingly now because you know not because he played so bad because two of those first three goals were to flood to the end no chance but the pull him out there and then put in Kirk McClain thinking again trying to play this head job like this is gonna wait the team up they went into a deeper coma they stood around and they watched this pork Kirk McClain out there who's defenseless just watched him pop in one after another after another I mean it was pathetic it was humiliating that that's the thing again with these re-tredged and so on maybe they're there not that many new guys I'm sure there are some but here's the guy who's got a history of this and this will follow you for a reason because that's the way he acts it will happen here like you're saying they will have to tend for him this will this I'll be deal they beat these up sorry teams the first two games just like the dolphins at the beginning of the year okay they can't match up with medium average talent let alone the Detroit so on they will languish it out we with every every time we play a you know a decent team and they're playing there not too many outstanding teams at every time we play a decent team in league I mean unless it's the wrong night and they're on their way but we're gonna get our ass kicked this year and this they've got to make a lot of changes and I just don't see it happening as long as Wayne's got his fist up a first ring you know just that even alone in business maybe they can keep in mind by the way if they wouldn't give him b's here the little bit more money that he wanted to stay here and that's right was mine up and making the scapegoat for all other mistakes they still have him right now instead of these two guys keep in mind Kirk McClan is making two point of whatever minute to an advantage they got five million dollars worth of stifco attending out there's what they got on our business no that was another clock and excuse to blame the bezer or blame this one or blame how about blaming themselves with Chris Wells okay and and all these other things he looks good he looks good the suit up there in the stands have a great day pal we have no big he's pissed off and fired up that's one there you go he's sick and tired of being lied to and here all the bull crap and like I said if the games were free hey hey you know okay if you take it or leave it and a price is just keep going up and up and okay you had to have an arena so we can make some money for you okay we build you the arena now put a quality product as a are you gonna do it for us first not of course not because it's the way in myster because we owe him something I guess that's what he thinks we owe him something that get away around here's Miami Springs hello yeah I'm sorry yeah yes I'm listening I think I've got to keep the pay attention to that I thought it was really miserable hey we're a game of effort and I agree I didn't agree with you on one point I don't think we have a town out there I don't think the players we have have to have the town to keep up with the teams in the western comment who said that we did what do you think you said you said you said you said you said you said you said you have got the town out there it's the coaching that you said I didn't say that at all I said we got a half of those guys who are stiff that they want to get rid of I said that I everybody I talked to with the game last night the phrase I used the same as last year this team suffers from a lack of talent that's those are my words absolutely I remember to play we talked about in the second period when they tried to get off on that ridiculous line change and then they got caught in their own and they were running around without four minutes did I have saw them seen anything like that in my life I thought there was going to be a riot the crowd was just foaming it them out and keep in mind this was it even strength there was nobody to pin a lot I think it looked like a five on three five on one you're chasing nobody you know playing with that it was it was embarrassing they were pulling with us like you like I said you said it's man playing with the get-for-act that's what it looked like to me all right yeah okay pal he got his panter practice he was up there and those bleed two overlives in date five six seven oh five six eight pound five six they are not one morning to you know yes sir are you don't be Thursday I do point while first of all I call you the day up to the L.A. King's game and I told you you know if you didn't know anybody it's where the gods are trying to throw you the hell out of that place like you said the food wasn't ready in a certain time yeah this and ready that's not ready the music's too loud I mean I mean they know ahead of time they know the day the games are going to be they know the time that the girl opened up the doors how much effort does it take to get some people in their early to you know get stuff cooking a half hour ahead of time so they want the doors open whatever people want to spend their money I hate guess what here it is hope you enjoyed hope you have a good gift something you know but again it says it's on your thought that same way no one no one would be open to sports lock and you have to know seminar one time and they gave us a thing to fill what would you say would be the ten most important things that would go to employees and an adicator going to think of money there's that and actually in clean restaurants all that other stuff in parks and the first and in there was a category a line that said employee friendly workplace and I put that down and this woman says that's kind of funny that you did that you know most people were put down money that said well the money will come if everybody's happy and you know as long as you keep the big people happy they'll want to work for the company and this nonsense like you say nobody wants to say hello to each other and and I've got that the same place that I work at now second of all I mean what kind of people are we talking about what kind of little punks that we got walking around here who thinks that they're big shots not not about how many I'm just a guy that walks in here okay I'm just a guy walks in here does a job and I walk out here and I expected if I say I'll see the worst thing one of the most the rudder things that you can do to somebody besides bitching him out it is not when they say hello to you just the the staff you know it's this yeah what's the point what's the point did I shoot this guy's puppy dog no and indeed is it gonna cost him anything but I should have understood because this is one of the same punks when I got on the elevator months ago decided he didn't know English was speaking a foreign language so that he and his buddy in the elevator could carry under private conversation and that's another thing that you should try to mean not some Polish and my mother when I live back up in Pittsburgh you see you know the hornman I was a kid with my grandmother and they'd be talking English until she wanted to say something that she didn't want me to hear and all of a sudden I did either of those you can write and you know in that in to this day that drives me nuts down here second of all you know acceptable yeah right second of all is that guy that second caller thinks that 19 the coach I got to yeah before he passed away that was like a muse father I mean they wanted to play for that guy right right right Scotty Bowman comes in there after the man dies they win another championship third year they got in release they got the same team was probably one of two different faces on it and they get any Johnson in there who had them before the one job like I said before when you want to start grow beating guys when you want to start to try to make examples of people today's athletes aren't gonna put up with that craft they're not gonna go out there and put out for it I'm sorry this team is not gonna play for Terry Murray no matter how many short-maring challenges Mitch from Bokeh makes him and his brother okay we have an open line out of their system we got no Carlson date is usual here today and a little bit of a story there about 20 minutes five six seven oh five sixty five sixty eighteen t-warders line here's four louder now hello hello yes sir oh I'm on some of you I knew you are lately fan because of the affiliation coming uh whole lot for me no because I lived in Rochester in Toronto as you know is right across the lake that's where I was wrong I by the time I started following hockey about 30 years ago I think the throttle dumps the hammer and Vancouver is running to show and clutch race and pitiful man whatever I could hear us yeah the facts now you're keeping carry away I'm confusing what were the facts you're confusing them with the facts oh they don't they don't get it uh they're any of this that's okay thank you we have an open line of day one in Broward five six seven five six six eighteen I'm strong it was yours and the chief arms strong but nevertheless close but not a match 26 year about old stuff from 100 years ago I don't want to hear across the old parts tell me about Johnny Barron fried mahogalix because I'll talk circles around you sir it wasn't right arm strong it was George the chief arms strong and I could play billy you it and I could play that uh golden the empty net at the end of the Canadians get but I'm not going to do it all these experts that's one of the problems we got done it and like it's just like this place it's the same thing the reason that Wayne does this stuff I told you this before is because he can it gets 19,132 people in that palace we built for it in their last night because he can he could have put 400 pounds of coke back out there on the ice with the panther patrol runner around sling in their crap up in the and he can do it 20,000 again the average for the marlins he came and slapped every fan in the face he beat it until a blood was pouring out of your teeth okay where do I sign up Wayne and that's why he keeps doing it because he can move back in a big space to that's one good thing so this government's gonna spend billions of dollars in a couple of hours to send some old 37 year old senile part up in this space again because it wasn't good enough the first time okay he deserves another shot at it okay yeah that just keeps every time seeing it keeps putting it like right now there you go they're covering it with a blanket I just see his place and that keeps coming to mind I don't know what that means you don't think I have a permosition do you here's a mobile and pepper pine so well you know you said that the other day and thinking about that all week yeah I don't know what it's you know spending billions of dollars we got people starving and as we got people making unwanted babies we got kids so it's freezing at that on the streets and at wintertime and we're spending billions to send a scene I will fart in this compauderate up there in this space again so water contact you make it come back yeah and met a me who has a big promo about that we went into space and so good and it's in a bag right right listen you know sometimes you say things and I think wow you know I'm not the only one you know is it the arena for the first time several weeks ago yeah and I went in I believe it's the South entrance and I asked one of the people there to you know for me it said where could I go to get you know it's a coke and then some chips and the guy pointed to stairs right look right when you walk and he says just go up there there's a bar there and you can get what you want I said okay great I go up there I order a coke a coke and I said you know get some chips you go oh this is just a bar drink so you have to go downstairs to the snack and sessions fine I take the drink downstairs this is very as guard I mean you know real intimidating to me and he said you can't take the drink out here don't you see the sign okay and I said well you know the guy told me I don't care you cannot take the drink up there said they go back up you know drink my drink go back and you know it's just really a bad scene you know I'm saying push it to embarrassing I mean I don't like to you I'm kind of a wimp guy I guess you would say right you know I don't want to make a scene right I don't want to make a scene pushing my taste there and she's looking at me like an aboy you look you look like that guy intimidate you and yeah thank you wait you the 11 I'm right here the good time hey love to see you so good job thanks open line in Broward County is everybody happy day yes we are where it's that hey listen what I'm my ass they're paying for my tickets got that nice reserve parking which I paid but nevertheless not that much more I can handle it get in that car that was practice that's gonna be going on all year long one period two period stop off at publics you know go home watch some good hockey some other games on tv not ours oh yeah you got this ball this is a package you got 800 other great games around my ass night all kinds of people scoring goals Edmonton got eight goals against those awful cats eight to two Broward's nine to two over much you all all kinds of there are two barns that are sticking a couple in for the penguins five two over Calgary LA and Edm incredible kid that the what the laga legacy that kid he's unbelievable shutting out Jersey for nothing all kinds of entertaining stuff on it was our game one of those I mean it was on it but was it entertaining oh first I here comes Rubby need a mile over to Bluller remember come on well yeah Jesus I understand you're on a payroll you're trying to make it exciting you don't have much to work with there you got that fraud next year but if you want to give me an honest analization of the way they played these seven games thank you now is this is this for real what you're putting on there is that for like ever ours that I put on because we know a lot of scoops is here they call from Jersey yeah yes sir I'm from New Jersey all right I'm an armed chronic you need to call me we need to talk but then I found a life when I moved to New Jersey uh-huh um I'm gonna tell you what you're doing a city are you just like a generic New Jersey like with in the middle land all the time I'm gonna lie down I should stay in there well I think more of the race track myself and let me say I should have said that and this is the first time I've witnessed sports up here yes I'll tell you what I think it would not get away with anything up here like you get away without an air yeah you can't find it take it to a point of event here I don't care what it's impossible it's a giant to plan you know I'm a little bit proud the giant I'll tell you one thing the giants maybe we'll put it out the devil's what are all those empty seats that I see everybody night they only had six thousand you're right but like a range nothing I care why the puns of empty seats and though the devil's of course have a pretty good team I'll load another good start but never less they got a lot of sound on it tons of empty seats I see yeah that is true but I think what you know what I know it's about the world series yeah you know you want to met in the Yankees the soon as the season's over they think how can we find you guys again you know the met they gave people man I want to tell you something I'm gonna say again what they have just done giving out lighter eight million dollars a year four years 32 million dollars and ninety one million dollars to the pizza man that's the end they can take their baseballs they can you shove them in your ass and I have no interest whatsoever now I got to pay eighty seven dollars for a hotdog when I go there you go there you go um to the guy call somebody to strike please I'm closing yes I got two two people it's gonna be quick peak million and bring the hydrogen drink and join you are major to Spag okay okay okay don't forget we have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty that's only in tandem okay and Trenton yeah you're right I guess you got a point what find those books in another and a tenified well yeah no here you go here's the cross-spring hello you're the lion in my own yeah I'm on how about you it's a two thing first of all sportsman down here so fickle you know I think about whatever you want I'm from Chicago we support winning and losing teams it's an event yeah there are people just you think those are the games is like we can give you a walk through your team and we can take them away we can take the money away it's a big job yeah well how can you not send a message to the guy how could how could they average twenty thousand people again for the marlins this last year when he turned it into a little team how could anybody pay to see that crap and I get a guy call me two days ago he's like some old parties debating well he got his renewal form in a mail and I should be sending in and uh it's John and we got a buy the team how could anybody renew for that crap after they slap you a silly and then drain the blood out of you could know it's just a mentality mentality is you know we gotta go see some sort of sport on is there but up like you said what you're literally it's more enjoyable and you know you gotta stay off the path to the cold that's probably only your team is those ethic well that's pretty sad comment isn't it been it's a truth but a good point okay have a great day pal I thought that that uh tappy what did I call that thing there in between periods the old pudpole there etc I thought that was about the only entertaining thing when default was out there yeah okay it's on forty seven to five sixty wqm and open line in date if you move quickly five six seven oh five sixty pump here's pop at o beach hello hey Neil yes sir you're sure it's my first time at the new arena oh my god i'm sorry i apologize for fusely hey did for a kind of a complaint if you're a bit of the animal room in your arena or the elevator he has the elevator guy to take us to the animal club so the guy is trying to find the button out where to go and the guy in the coaxer to the elevator guy you know what for time he's like I think it's on this one he goes well before you think he goes I want you refer to your handbook first and find out where that you make the right decision so we don't hold up the customers you know so he gets it through sweet level we're walking all around for he yelled at the elevator guy for not looking at his yeah so anyway we just by that time the game was just about the start so we want back to our state but it was terrible experience you know you got a wrong if you would have been a lot luckier if we would have taken the got back to see the game that you didn't have it that's true you're right he's got a nice little tour of the whole joint and the comeback said hey i'm missing anything it looked up to scoreboard it would sit six nothing you said okay see yeah you're right well anyway we did get back to our feet black exactly abortion so i was a little bit of a little arena was nice yeah it looks pretty good okay thank god he had a good time okay there's another happy camper little teeny tiny goal lights and sometimes they score goal that comes on sometimes it don't come on because Wayne don't want to spend a few more bucks to put real goal lights in there plus i mean why should we bother to speed us who any goals anyway let's see now we're we're seeing three home games this quarter one against LA none against van crew for two last night that's three in three games sounds like one a game to me opposition scored one and five is six and seven games not too bad you want and we had to for quite all three shots on goal the first third what are you complaining about what's wrong with that here's Miami hello for an hour yes sir after talking yeah okay that was a flush short and sweet right in the boy to which we can only say sure two open lines in day five five last line say like i said before just like the thing with the marlins and i'm not gonna keep beating this every day after last night if you have nothing if you are i'm not saying that you got to stay away you got to boycott you got to have it a risk breakdown it's just a game but if you don't even have anything to say for free if you're not gonna open up a mouth and make a comment then you know something you got nothing to complain about i'm not gonna do everybody else's screaming and carrying on form let's hear it 19,132 people are last night so let's take out the 1500 or 2000 red wing fan let's talk about 17th of the alleged panther fans somebody paid for those tickets even if you didn't anybody please with that performance no anybody uh ever want to see that again no when i'm afraid you will you got to disorganize niche my shavah nothing is what you got you got a few guys out there even my good friend Paul laws who generally speaking is pretty solid he was confident up last night like he had the moving car everybody it was like christmas time early here's another gift for you see if you can stick this one and all it's already in there lights not but it's in there North Miami you know in the middle of the renzos soon have lunch and I heard you on the radio and uh i i kind of made a decision this week i just spent 52 dollars which is gonna limit the rest of the morning i'm sitting uh 19 red uh right on the red line yeah and i'll see what i guess for 52 dollars before people which i did and had a good time let me know how it was okay well there's a guy's gonna go down the sea the madador is in my which maybe man mighter league but he might at least make a major league effort which we should in due last night i mean not even an effort not even anything just a grotesque we're standing around world lost we got no direction we have no idea what the hell we're doing out here can anybody help us out no sorry open line in dates line here's a lady in deer field hello hey Neil yes man i would like to congratulate you for having some grass it's putting a blame where the blame is due yes the Murray brothers abit and kustello give me a break freaking frat you know what they do they're sitting on their hands not doing anything are we going somewhere now right they destroyed this franchise grinds the new one for a couple of years now and his brother came in here to bring a partner in crime well look what he's ended it to the marlin yeah i think the fending world series but but let me say it to you again let me say it to you and this is the sports station all summer long not just on this show which is really a sport you but i'm his whole radio station there was almost no conversation by the colors anybody screaming complaining bolly again if this would go on in a real sports time which this is not the people will be i mean how much does it cost to make a phone call and say i'm as mad as hell and i'm sick and tear down the scum and this is crap and you keep bleeding the money out of us and asking for more and more into our windows and new stadium and this is the garbage you expect us to pay to go see thank you i have i did not buy tickets this year season ticket i have been a season ticket holder for the cancer since the beginning okay last year i was just i was living i can't believe i go to the games i spent a hundred bucks that i worked for you know to see them loose constantly i'm i'm gonna tell you right now last night was not by and Friday night okay these are the last two home games by any stretch of the imagination entertainment i don't care what do you want to call it besides crap but it was not in any way entertainment so the price that you pay for those tickets and for the parking and refurbishments and all the other crap what it was for i have got no idea unless so we just gotta make win all the money back he lost in the mine area well you know we need to bend him yeah okay i'm tired of his little wine anyway the nail is out for six weeks i'll give me a break he's a hockey player nine i think you got that wrong okay sweet our good luck thank you open line of day one and proud these phones ought to be smoking here today this is the day to get out of your goddamn system are they gonna do it no they're not because they sit back on our hands in addition which like i said you go there any night you go there the next time and it's a whole different crowd because there may be a couple of thousand of us who are real fans at the rest of it well we got corporate seats from this one we scoupled them out on the street it's it's like a changing uh who are these people you'll never see a whole bunch of the same faces any two games that are all in ad join that's that's the was a that's why there's no passion because they price most of you people out of it who the hell is right mind is gonna shell out five six grand to go see that crap and then sitting the corners there in those little baby seats they are they out of at least had out a tube of preparation nature of a game for the people i got a sit on the fun the turns there in those baby seats to treat their goddamn the hemorrhides. In fact i wouldn't be surprised that they started to start promoting with that no extra charge for the hemorrhides that's a bonus you can pop up dig one baby right there in here winner worried that is not a don't pop the bone right my good close personal friend shock alphiari. But I'm sure you're happy Thursday too we have an open line in broad if it's because we're used to it five six seven here's a mobile and sunrise hello Neil yes sir I got a few things to feed back on the with the hockey game and the arena and everything else yes listening for days and days and first of all I want to say before you made a comment that you never see the same faith is i we think how to present a hockey game and this is the sixth year of the doing it just because it's a different building the sound system will you their last night yes I was did you hear the sound system before the game how the kiki cut it out and that comes on well i mean at least they got the sound down to a livable level now thanks to me that's acting for that at least they got the score even even though it started red wings nothing panthers nothing then it was connoxion panthers before they guys that i mean they just haven't got a clue how to present a hockey game real team on here tonight find that very said in this thing with those goal lights maybe people think i'm nitpicking there how do you make it of an exciting if nobody if if you could have seen that to Detroit score the full of fourth goal at greasy goal there and everybody is looking around the clue that he trade family are we supposed to cheer now i'm what are we doing now no goal light comes on because lane can't afford a new life all by guess well i don't know about a forting i think it there is a lot of nine caring but you know it makes you wonder are they going to respond a lot of people to think no matter where whose pocket is coming out of tourists or whoever the public has built this stadium for this owner and for this team i'll write it in a v3 million dollars they've got a they have an obligation to make that place fan friendly to make that place to put on a good product out there that at least is competitive we're not saying we got a winner got him standing up but at least competitive it might have a chance to play out and they're not doing any of those things and i did notice something new in your in the last night they put up the uh... the team flag there are speed in over the blue line well i've been making out of blazing shot as we were being embarrassed by all the Detroit fans chanting over the pantheon yeah we would busy sitting up looking at the sky praying for something you know we didn't have to show you so we got to see the brand new flag they put up and they even had the uh... the minute though the wild is up there ready to not my only thing i kept screaming hey Terry don't buy a house that was the only thing i kept screaming all night long well good luck with fell whether i was able to get through and let you hear it okay i'll see all right hey hey kind of my wow the following good let's face the most of us will never be rich help we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing but as usual with every problem there is a solution i'm Jim and i'm here to tell you a little something about handguns they scared their shit out of people with intimidate them and he's giving you whatever you want that's right handguns like about it need some cash rob a bank don't have enough money for fear all the convenience store makes chips and pretzel's wire and it's all free if you've got a handguns some son of a bitch chaining on your girlfriend kill him the simple solution of life's complex problems why to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court tell if you don't want to wait the five days too cares find a damn thing on the street just buy a lot of handguns it's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider to population control yes handguns they just might make a fan meditor is returned from a two game trip uh very well the you matter to go to the loosing kings in the homes to a preseason meeting jacknobloos all the four of the season so maybe we might even have a home to you that wins tomorrow night the lizard kings and the uh mimey maddoors at the mimey reader tomorrow night hey listen like a guy said before the prices right and they might you might even get an effort we have an open line hello good afternoon there yes sir well you failed you you failed to mention the uh the only one that mimey did that or uh for the did it have to hear uh at the new arena you're mentioning uh all the goals is stored in the long for the we have one when it gets time for days we want we have the one when it gets time for the two wins we have one when it's home and then we want uh against the expand okay thank you sir please we got for the bragur rights there you go okay let me get my no let me get my finger way up in there okay there you go this is a guy finds it very amusing okay just again very funny I guess very funny if you're not spending the money making any investment like so many of you people are like I said I'm not paying for my tickets although if they weren't buying me the tickets I'm you know I was still paying I died by him because I'm a hockey nut that's uh like a way of life to me I would buy him is in and I would really be screaming but I'm still screaming on behalf of these people because most of them you know the cascatcher tongue last five games two times three times and two losses very outstanding and by the way except for Detroit none of the competitors so far been anything to write home about they haven't played the Dallas they haven't played uh I mean not that there's any great they haven't played the flyers all is that going to be pretty huh is that going to be bored you have the schedule where do we have it oh god it I'm all asleep one moment please that's going to be a pretty sight to see huh that will be a pretty thing to see what is that going to come up the Philadelphia Flyers with John Van Beesbrook oh it's in a way game it's on Thursday November 12 right in the middle my vacation dammit but at home and I'll be back for this one baby Sunday 6pm November 22nd Philadelphia Flyers and the Bees are these that will be here in town now unless something happens drastically between now and then with this organization that could be a real ugly night you know what I'm saying you think there might be some people with some mixed emotions out there that night bees are with that new master these up nice mass by the way these are maybe that's what change you're locker around maybe just get out of here and get away from the BM guy oh was wrong he's fault he was your bad guy he was a stupid shimmie and here's a pembo pine so long oh yes sir listen I don't know if you caught it last mad I don't think you did because you had just left yeah but they had you know there's the cell cell and they're not even a time you bet well they had just before at BFO introducing one of the segments there some some corny promotion just a word yeah yeah DFO they had it and you know the sitting elevation that you got you received when they put your plus up on the screen there right he got the exact opposite way I always blew him right off the ice they hate him like poison if they didn't wheeze an assucker yeah and much of an assucker is he is on football they hate him not much in the hockey and one other thing he only comes across a little bit better though because he's got guilty sitting in this and they're in a morning on the show so it's a lately it comes out he's almost like critical you know but but the last year they remember those those finalist co-church shows and about the christina more go in there and uh... screen the calls and all that bullcraft and VM like kind of censoring the show remember all that it was so horrible i almost thought that for the other thing they know who was speaks out for the fans and they know who just a uh... organization but kissier listen one more request is is as much as i appreciate you having them drop the levels on the music in between that segment i was one of the maybe you could uh... you could uh... making appointment with your foot and someone at the organization that yeah to a good get them to stop playing three four five songs after they drop the pop yeah that would be nice your good point i appreciate it after we get the goal i state now work on that i would get down you know that see every time because when you're going to plan a team and the other team is going to score a lot of goals you don't want to put the goal light on every goal because then you're starting to spend a lot of electricity ever thought about that you know caught what is it cost like maybe half a cent to turn that go right on for like ten fifteen seconds that's all stays on two games in a row go like doesn't want not because the goal judge missed the goal i don't think and of course we don't have like the little of boots where the goal judge sits in like a real hockey arena we didn't bother putting those in their either because uh... a lot of over sides were made because the people of the scientists place were interested i guess in architecture and not anything having to do with the game which is going to be played in there other than playing basketball in there no we're going to be playing another another eventually play indoor uh... bookrable in a football and what who knows what else in there inside crap but the main sport what that was built for was a hockey game that's what that was built for that's what it's all a boot and you think the people that go that ever saw and allegedly they made they went on is tour they saw the g.m. place in Vancouver they saw the moulson center in full and i'll be a they saw the course they thought whatever they're calling down to the welfare they saw airbie god damn new arena and they took the best features and the best guy they might be as and they put them all together no at least they're in forgell only had a single national anthem got the words right nice gone here and this is a really close that was beautiful that cover game i'll never forget that as long as i live open on it broard first though they're pretty passive they're not really a there's no passion about this i mean i really pissed off there and and wing knows this and i'm sure that those people are in the organization are listening and they're saying all well let that neostream and how he's always doing it did people don't sound really upset they don't give her crap they we can put out the we can put out 400 pounds of dot oh i'm not sure they'll still keep sucking up because it's a nice new building as convenient and we're in there you go so maybe i'm out maybe i'm out of line here today you think so i'm out of line but how do we fit you to about for Christ's sake she go in here it kills a couple of hours you go home and you want to go game on tv that's all the how do you want you jackass sorry not serious i i might as well talk to myself and like uh get this out of my sister like enough the elevator down here you know hey have a nice day okay thank you i will just say to yourself yeah like what it is that's right or like one of these here's a pepper prime so hello hello yes sir Neil a little change of topic i wanted to express my anger and frustration yes at the inefficiencies of some sentinel customer service department okay go right ahead rip in an asthma i have been like this is like poor week that i'm trying to subscribe to the new consumer region turned yeah and those apples they send me my detachment right on my credit card i haven't seen a new favor in the last three weeks yeah i'm an i understand this is not Cuba you know where they don't have a customer service but i mean for christmas you know you're a customer service in Cuba when you call making complaints they come out your house yeah i mean it's like totally incompetent it up uh oh one of you and i guess it's a good little guy oh you know i mean to make you feel just a little bit better about it though you haven't gotten a son sentinel last three weeks yeah you haven't missed a thing but i mean i mean what better is the hell than no i'm but i'm sitting oh not the worst but i'm just saying at least i can make you feel a little bit better know you miss nothing okay okay hope you start getting it soon but let but at least feel very confident knowing you didn't miss a goddamn thing okay okay good luck pal thank you let him have give him hell give me a like i said two little tips of the paper today dino he's gonna make the trip dino is not gonna make the trip uh we don't know because it's the local yoko news papers little bunch of kids running around pretend it needs sports writers pretending to be columnist pretending to be adults this is kidney court town this place the whole media here 90 percent of the guy that media is a bunch of little kids little stringers little inept up prep you best in jackass is running around pretended to be adults like very jackass over there at the herald making up crap but and like i said nobody demands any better if this is what the public accepts they will continue raping this town and take it out there millions and millions of dollars in profit and laughing all the way to the guy damn bank here's a lady in larida delix hello hello yes man hi here this is dorah hi dorah i sent you the two hats and i was so happy to see you wear it oh thank you so much dorah that the chicken was really special i mean the propellers great but the chicken oh that was that was great thank god i feel so good today i've got all of my sins out of my sith and that chicken don't look too good anymore but wow i feel great but maybe you should pass it on yeah well i have to probably clean it up a little bit first uh well i i have a grocery party coming up in somebody after where i want to go and i think to the arena so Saturday i'm gonna go to the devil you have proof for the devil or what no don't do that okay the devil's Jesus will have to have an exorcism if you do that i i have another chicken hat maybe i swear that i would be do that would fit right in would the ambiance there is perfect for it all right well i kind of would chicken though i don't have any way just want to tell you i i thank you for all that you give to the community and i appreciate letting you to your fellow every day thanks again dorah are you well okay so i was door to send you that beautiful what terror cast i was my duty with the uh propeller propeller hits yeah surely fancy each of her doubts sweetheart it's needle in the propeller hits there you go we have it open on same old crap very very a mealy mouth you guys prove when i say every day of my life in this time you prove exactly what i said they give you whatever you'll sit back and take anybody who's been harder and money to be in that arena last but i don't care if you were eating off of four if it was so palatial that they were like labelling uh chocolate moose in your era low about okay what though was that was unacceptable and you deserve a refund but you won't even open up a mouth and make a peep about it that's the saddest part even mr. peepers even wall it's hot oh that's right what am i talking about don't worried about the goddamn shuttle that's what i keep hearing in my ear hope a line it flies so we're gonna go through a hole you're this crap are you gonna just sit back and put up a bit because i'm not i won't even talk about it anymore if that's what will make you happy i'll never even bring it up again because uh i can go i can be home in three minutes in fact the earlier i leave there's no traffic it not there none i can be a publish in a minute and a half getting my dog food and uh diet soda here's West Palm Beach Ella you're yes sir are you doing great listen i you know i just got back from the doctors up to broke my hand last night and i you know i think i have a point in the for nine thirty i think getting the key to doctor till quench and then nobody's gone well i'll mention that he had two great goals the pen was first to girls as they'd be calmery five to two and marty struck you could have seen the steve i's a mingo it was like like a freeze frame like where everybody on the panties went into suspended animation and they just kind of stood there yeah you've seen those things and he in i's a minute courses at full speed just skating down the ice right around robber's bail goes in there flips it up a minute like curtain planes not even air and it was like uh huh what just happened there i bet you had new money there watching them they were watching the other team play yeah i bet they liked that i bet you the money me mattered or if it's right beat them wouldn't surprise me yeah it was the meal to have a good week and uh i what you're doing and one of yours is the power should be to the is not a rule real and god bless you thank you i'll stick you know be this whatever i mean okay we have an open line of date one and bro or five six seven oh five sixy pound five sixy on a mobile one line i don't i'm out of line i am on the line today i apologize for everything i've said these people i mean they're mildly a fatal care this is not something that's important to them they are mellow they're very content to sit back hey wait you'll dish out whatever crap you want because these people like it ladle of on baby a little bit of chalk and marshmallows sauce whatever you got in the set just ladle of on them they love it some god damn there for me to come on here get all done out of shape see my there 20s oh god it just had a top it in the toilet remember red The red glass was so high When they walked in the morning, People fell in the middle and turned Had a child with a vest, he was a girl Where the red glass was so high The red glass was so high I wanted to watch this Oh oh, yes It was a change of em say shins on the floor Me chucking a thout to fail and fugle And when they came in and had it, They had a mistake! Everyone at the wild won't corrode Sir is a thief... But for what I hear You can never forget!! I'm going to get the most handy. We'll watch it and the shuttle sitting here pointed to the seat. All that keeps coming to mind over and over again. I don't want to let all of us all above. Every time I see a picture of old John Glenn, every time they show that shot, they shuttle sitting there, let's sound just keep going back to mind again. What do you think that is? Oh, look at that. There's all the astronauts. This is beforehand, of course. They all got their kind of orange, their reddish orange outfits on, except for John who's got kind of a brown bottom. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. How are you, Neil? OK, sure. Listen, I close up to the radio station before the season started. They had a free season that talked about the Panthers. You know, except for what it's these loathains. And it's cool. Oh, I just want first thing, Ed. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's Steve Goldstein and the astronaut that announced it. And I've brought up the fact that this team did nothing any of these new unfolds. The only thing they could do is to be with Luke John Ben Beeper. Yeah. No one I would call, I would call first of all at the beginning of the mistake was what they fired the first coat. They'd lane the claim last year. And they'd bring in the fire Murray. And why Murray wasn't successful because John Ben please look for attention to the team. Right. You know, lock the rest of the contact problem. Hey, Steve, this team was kind of win because it's Terry Murray. I want to welcome John. Come to Laudville with John Ben Beeper. Brooke is a gut 12 points. And leads the cop at the point. Right. I know that he's playing such great golfing. I'll do it. I hung up with high blood pressure on it. There you go. Yeah. They suck up so bad. And it's telling me that Terry Murray is going to take this team. And you go, Steve, and I think or Steve go through whatever team it's scary. He was made to play us. A really good Holy God. Y'all these said that this team is going to make some play on. He really caught it. You and my God. You're not going to lie. So yeah. He's just a little sockle. They've got to understand. John Wayne's payroll. Don't you understand? Yes. He's a credibility. Not. He'll give me the opportunity to rank me out with our 15. That's how long am I hot these bad. Yeah. Back in New York. The team is going nowhere. They don't have any scoring. And Rob made a mile. He's got a few. Like one try to get him. What's this guy? Yeah. He's a tough. Come on. Come on. Good luck. I got rid of him. Okay. So insist that he's going to be good along with their defense. They have this. It's another defense. We can't do from the point either. Okay. Say I to look up, Wesley. We have an open line in Broward. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound five 60. And what can you say, and I mean Friday, Facebook series in the NFL, how can you play again that has so much importance and have the game hanging in a balance are murder two bad falls and then throw out the replay. That was the dumbest thing that they ever did. You didn't know bring it back. They eventually. Yeah. All right. They'll never enough games gets decided on bad calls eventually. The Tampa game, the Tampa big game was the worst when the right on Anthony cut that tough. So fast. Yeah. And they lost it. If they could rock the bat call, they lost the game. How about the jet's lines play off game or not to play off the last game of the regular season last year when the the lines got out of the gift touchdown and the replay clearly showed either was out of balance. All right. They're not proud. You'll need that fish eating sucks. Oh, and now, oh, and I got to tell you this big enough, fish eating to show you the engine. There's all these people with these. There's a lot of things. Okay. It's like I said, if you really need to. I plan that's fun. But to our left, the couple of seats down on the road, I've never seen these people before because it's like changing the guard different people ever again. There's one guy with a passage, yours, you on his friend is God, a red wing jersey. Okay. Okay, whatever. So after we get the third consecutive penalty called on the Panthers and great is girly. So I think this is the one where Slava calls while I've got a stick in the face the first period. I mean, it's quite in the post. Get the third straight penalty. And now after they score the goal very quickly, these two guys and I don't understand it because the one is supposedly a red wing fan. Okay. And they're both going, hey, red, you stop. I thought to myself, this is so un... being believable. It's like they got a few expressions. And that's it. That's the breadth of their knowledge. And every single one of those calls was you couldn't possibly not make them. They were flagrant penalties that we deserve. So it must have been the rare for these thoughts that we've started you and I didn't give up all those goals last night and could have you could have given up about funny if you could have what it kept on playing. If they weren't playing tonight. Hey, red, you it. So finally they redeem themselves on the other side and the second I, my bless you, whoever you people were over there on the other side of the car's the arena who we all out. Hey, Brian Murray, you suck. I was saying, I was giving them a sitting motivation. The organization is the rain in Spain. Yeah, we, you know what we did in winter. I said we'd have Peter Wirlenland up. He's the Ashfarsplot. Is it the spark plug? Is it the spark plug? Steve and Andy, he's spark plug. That's what Brian said. And he sent anything that small. So if I kind of stick that in there, it's like, nothing happened. So I kind of like, well, yeah, just way my head through there, we'll quick to kind of set the sensor off and it flushes. But automatic, automatic, crushing your rules. I mean, what a concept. Of course, it might have caused way in another 50 bucks to pop, reach one of those urinals. Even though it's not his money. Do you care about some line of changes for it? It's more a nice panther game. Where did you get this? It's called in. Who did? Josh. Josh Friedman called in. Josh Friedman called in. Who pretends to know something about hockey, which he does not? Yes. Where else is it? Oh, my Peter Wirlenland. Oh, my God. The Schwarz plug is back in the water. I'm not saying that right. He's out. He's out. Oh, that give away last night. Woo, nice going Kavasha. Work's fetching about Kavasha. That's right. All the year lock and time, we're starting to a new thing. It's called convention about Kavasha. These are the youngsters in your organization. They were supposed to be showshitch and even at space. Get that kid. I call him spastic. That's fashic. Whatever his name is. That's of course another goal. Last thing's got two goals and two games. But he's supposed to be at a fence. But is he playing any defense? No. Oh, disaster. It is disaster. Luckily for him, his failure played the worst game in the history of the national hockey league last night. So not too many people probably noticed him. But boy, were they bad that defense? Oh, what? So Peter Warrell is in there. That's going to really do it. We got the the Schwarzburg is back in a lot of. He's going to turn it around. Here's Nassau. Hello. Nassau. They was out the strike. Yeah, man. Yeah, Troy. Yeah, I was going on. You know, I don't know much about ice hockey. But right now, we play field hockey, you know. Yeah, you feel it? They believe they pride, you know, guys and ice. Uh-huh. You know, but I think that all the professional blockers to get a hold of the ice in there. You're as we go along, you know, Sam? You think? What is it? I think all the professional blockers. Yeah. Get on ice, right? Get all the professional hockey players out there. Yeah, okay. Okay. Go kick some ass. You're on. Okay. Too much bad weed and too much of a phoning. Action. We have an open line of day. Five. There's lots. Here's Del Rey V. Come on. Yes, sir. I got a solution to the goalie problem. Yeah. We're supposed to have clowns out there. What's? The Murrays. No, you mean you're on the show on Burton Kirkwood. We're mainly strapped in Murray's up in the night's house. Good to see you. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Why are you even bother giving a whirl of stick? Well, you got to have something to come up with, somebody with. Huh? And by then, let me say this in all seriousness. This guy's not a real fighter. This, this, a bunch of pansy, a so-called fans who think that that guy's a fighter. They're in Lala land. He's not a fighter. He's just a big boom. That's what the G. Big boom. I think he's just in there because they're in the lake. He can't watch more or shrots. And I just didn't think that's a diversion from the crappy play of the rest of it. Like at the end of the Vancouver game, we got in the fight with the other big show Donald Bush here there and the two big black guys are, you know, what did that prove? I mean, we just got humiliated and embarrassed. Shout out five nothing. We played a growth test game that night Friday and is that going to convince anybody of anything that we did? We got some big goon out there that's going to start a bunch of meaningless fights and get some stupid penalties. What the hell does that prove? Nothing. Okay, pal. One more thing, Neil. Yes, sir. You talk about people having jerseys on. I saw someone with a Chris world jersey. You saw somebody at the game with a cra-well, you know something? Pal, my God. At least he didn't hurt his last night. Something I think about. All right, Neil. Thanks for the good news. Chris, while anybody seen him lately, he's not another nine to 11 weeks. I mean, I don't wish it. He's a nice kid. Everybody tells me he's a good guy. And we stole 14 free trains. But I mean, there's one of the worst trades in the history of all professional sports that they had on. They just, they attacked me viciously. Oh, Neil Rogers doesn't know what he's talking about. He's just stirring up a lot of trouble. He's just right. Yeah, right. One thing I know. I mean, I know anything else, okay? In a whole world. I mean, nothing. But when it comes to hockey, baby, I know my hat. That's right. What I saw last night was that pure hat. Right. And that trade that's due in the woolly. And all that. That was total hat. And given away Marty's structure. That's right. And now, destroying rate. Let me say it again. In the case, you missed the beginning of the show. I know for a fact that Terry Murray doesn't like Ray Whitney as a player. And even though we put them out there on the second line last night and he went, in fact, he had two shifts back to back, which I thought he was a Benningover back where they give him a chance to fail, basically. He played good last night. He made some chances. But nevertheless, he don't like him. So you can already get prepared. Put away all your Ray Whitney souvenirs and all your jerseys and memorabilia. Because even though he was the best player on a team last year, he's got very Murray will do everything as power to make sure that he fails. So we can say, podium. So we got to get rid of him. Here's Miami Beach. Come on. Yes, sir. Miss Beach, that is cool. Yeah, huh, right. Open line of day, 567, OK, see on the elevator, pal. 567, 0560, and Popeye 60, animal bull and line. Here's the lady in plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I wanted to let you know that we went to our first game at the arena last. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. No, you want to know something? Yeah. We had a good time. Really? Well, first of all, I know the place is beautiful. I don't think it reminded me of a airport. Oh, wait a minute. They're testing the space shuttle. Let's go in. I'll go in. Would you want to say it? OK. All set. Yes. We, I'll tell you the truth. We went last night to watch the Stanley Cup winners play. You know, we, because they're great teams. Yeah. And we went to watch. And it was really, we enjoyed it because we, they were playing good hockey. And we'll go, we'll go. No, it's a little way, we'll go. Well, when you said they were playing good hockey, yeah, they played a good game. The based on the fact that he scored a lot of goals, but when there's no opposition. Yeah. And they can be standing around or watching them. How can that be an enjoyable experience? I mean, I guess, I mean, are you a Detroit, are you from Detroit? Yeah, I'm from Pittsburgh. Yeah. I'm not from Detroit, but we went, the reason we went to the game was because Detroit was playing. I see, OK. But, um, my key, my point is that, you know, we're going to go to the games because we want to see certain teams play. Not because they're the answers because the answer is not what it's going to. Yeah. I would agree with that. And, um, I've had to say, but there's not a set commentary. I mean, that's what it is. People go to games to see the team that's coming in and put it in an attractive team. Oh, we don't want to go see them. You know what? We don't want to go see the Santa was Rams. There's 10,000 empty seats at the dolphin. They put it on the TV. They could play, no. It would make the win when the win, uh, the red wings were a scoring last night. I know, I want, I want to see a good game. I want to see a good game. I want to see a good competitive game. And of course, I would prefer that my team, you know, won again. But I'd like to at least see a good game. Did I see a good game on Wednesday against the Kings? No. Did I see a good game against Vancouver Friday? No, it's a good game last night by the Panther that competitive game. No, not at all. I saw a craft. I saw two and a half hours of pure. That's right. Well, fun. Very good time. We did. Okay, see you. People are worried. With the red wings jersey's on. Some of whom are real red wings fans. And some of them are just far away. They had a good time. But those of us who are Panther fans, most of the time, except under friendly, let's probably. Oh, would that be something, huh? I'm already looking my shots waiting for those games. Leader Ron. Here's having a tour. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. It's funny that you mentioned a thing about the, uh, he's for it, uh, in print by the bathroom. We were talking about that last night. I was, you know, an actual, and I'd be only one that's lived in the 20th century. We didn't have to wear a mask. Right. I think it's a brand-new arena. They just spent $2 million of our taxpayer money to build that. Exactly. No, no. We were talking about the last night, because like you said, that, when you see a new building these days, with the old style, uh, anyhow, not to be that Panther here, but, uh, uh, not only the first five minutes of the game. Kirk Mueller had two chances that most guys would give their left, not for, okay? Right in all alone within within eight feet of the net. And he shot both of them five feet wide, okay? I mean, I'm not going to, it's certainly not a lot to effort, because he does make an effort out there. But this guy don't have it anymore. He didn't have it last year. He's not getting any younger. He sure is how don't have it this year. And they would, they would give anything to be able to trade him. And nobody wants it. And especially at the price they're paying him for three years. But the way that, I mean, I hope that I've blown Spain was mine, but the way that's spastic and somebody's other guys are playing the fence. Why not playing Norton and Clark, or maybe trying showcase, maybe somebody will say, hey, you guys guys, how can you showcase guys when you're getting your brains beat out? How can you showcase somebody? I mean, yeah, that's really, you know, but of course, to show you though that the head games that this man is playing, you saw the evidence of how well that's working last night. The whole team quit playing, and Robert's failure was in a coma. And that one time, do I remember the truck guy getting knocked on his back? No, there's one hit. There was one hit in the third period. I forget who the hell I was. I don't know if I've been stood around like spectators and watched Detroit basically do whatever it all he wanted to do. I don't know if he tried to say, but I'm pulling him out and put Kirk McLean to fire up the team. I'm like, Mike Keenan. Yeah, right. Really worked in it. Have a great day, Kyle. Yeah, that Terry boy. He's the great shrink. He's the head man. He's playing with our brains. I think he's playing with himself. We have two open lines. Open last line. Three minutes till one, two Emily got the Jimmy Johnson show on with Hank and five, Emily got the Kimbable. If you're not, two eight out. But Neil Roger show on the day. Don't come back down here. You hear? 104 or 56, the W2A. One of the worst columns in history of journalism by the way, I used that word loosely. Panthers get two thumbs down by Mike Thurardino in a son-seller's morning. So typical. And of course, keep in mind that the guys are right. The column don't write their headline. So the headlines, you only think, work looking at. Of course, that's the right on target. But the column says absolutely positively. Nothing except there was some guy impersonating Steven Spielberg in the crowd last night. Signing pony autographs. And basically that's about it. Nice column, Mike. Not. I mean, if we just had people in this town on newspaper column, it's a good right. Who could say something? Who could write something? Who knew number one when he was writing about? And number two could have car articulate something that we would say. Yeah. Now you're talking, baby. Do we have that here? No. Got a bunch of overgrown children. Here's a plantation, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. That's going to be getting at the month. I don't know if you want that anymore. No, because we're not giving them away in our name. That's right. This is life is great here. That would give nothing away on the show. Martin, I want to thank Prof. Fusler, the guy I called and told me I better cut the crap. Um, just graduating college at a, you truly have been an inspiration. I had no direction. I had no idea what I wanted to do. But, um, listening to you, I mean, I kind of have a feeling that the radio is the place for I want to be. I'm the inspiration man. Yes, I am. I'm out of doubt with that. I was born to stop and find out. You're not me in this business, though. I mean, if you want to go to everybody, that's what everybody says. I asked for it. I was thinking I beg you to go into it. Including with you, don't do it. Yeah. It's the best advice I can give you. This is the worst. I'm not the worst, but it's one of the worst businesses in the history of mankind. Because the people who run it are clueless. They have no idea what it's all about. I kind of. Well, anyway, tomorrow's my birthday. I'm doing tomorrow. I've had this ring sitting in my drawer for a month. Great. Thank you, buddy. I just want to let you know. Send out resumes. We won't send it to QAAM. Right. Oh, you can do that. I've sent to you. Okay. Good luck. I'll be sure to interrupt the resume. Because I want you to get in here. All right. Good luck. Go ahead. Richie Marco Bamo. You get me want bastard. I hope you can track the venerals of these. You do spare. I need you to have a great day, buddy. He wants to get in radio. He's just man, joke in or what. We jerk in only hope. So we're going to make two mistakes. He wants to come work at QAAM. Oh, it's this guy got a pass. You're moron. Hey, listen. We'll run into you on the elevator. I guess we'll speak to you. We have an open line in front of their nasty. They're arrogant. They got an attitude. They're little pieces of turd is what they are around here. Little turd burgers with an attitude. Oh. Let's go to a poker. Hello. New York. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I throw that to you. That was pretty interesting. My wife thought it was him. I didn't know where he could go. Panther. Yeah. He's not that crazy. No way. He seemed a little bit more. He seemed a little bit more. I think he was playing for us. Yeah. I think he learned how to play. I'm figuring with this space shot. I think this thing goes up pretty well. He's sent most of the people down here up there. Yeah. We can have here. We can send most of the camera up there. Yeah. A little grenade in the back. Yeah. They got no drop a little bomb in the back. That's right. I've been to like a couple hundred hockey games. Yes, sir. First that was the first time I left for their period. Uh-huh. Me too. That after the second period. I said, okay. See you. And I just stood it out of there. I told you. I was going to school. I pulled my jersey of my head and stood up and pulled my hands up. Yeah. I think this could be the year for the bad consensus. I would imagine by the middle of December. It's the latest. We'll be doing the bag over the head routine. Six six six six. My next meal. I would recover. We have two open lines in Broward. I'm going to commend this community. You're taking it well. They're very mild and out screaming and not overly excited. This is what you expect here. What's the point of getting your plot? Let me get his diracle. Okay. That's what I get paid for. You just all stay calm. Cool kind of indifferent. He said next to a couple of hot looking chicks. I saw some interest in people. I'll say this much by the way for the new arena. Lots better looking people in this one than the Miami arena. Yeah. All right. Just hit out there in a food court. Do a little people watch it. A little bit of cruising out there at the food court. There you go. Put all wants to watch some stupid gay men. They're knocking a little rubber disk around with a stick. Nine minutes after one. That's what George says. Nine minutes. Jeffs of forest has these whole season. The first team. Right where you got it. Fourth grade. You'll buy six feet. You eight out. This is the new Roger's cell. This is your brain. Any questions? Have they seen that right, Bobby? No. She doesn't have it. They're going through it all. Don't you. You don't have a piece. It's an underdeveloped thing. That's what I was told when I was a small child. I'm probably interested in fact that it's really a real thing. You told me about that. My child. You said that you were a homacervate. I would pull the bottom thing behind the front. So where you want to see about me? I'm the woman. Yes. And is his tone-wings? Is tone-wings my whole life? Fuck. Now. I'm a very athletic person. I've always been a GMC feature type girl. I'm a very athletic person. I've always been a GMC feature type girl. I've always been a kid. I've always been a kid. I've always been a kid. I've always been a kid. I've always been a kid. Yeah. I've always been a kid. The way I wear my hair and see what the thing is. I have a guy that I want to see what he's doing. I don't know how I'm going to handle it. I'm letting his problems to me. How could I see his looks so good? Yeah. That's what I think, every morning when I come in here. One, four, ten, and five, six, and he's got a few of his hangers. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. Listen. Uncle Meal. Yes. I don't know how to be fair enough. But why? Why all these frames go to this place? go to this game. What is this thing over the money? Thank you. And then I have no idea. I've been asking that for three hours and 15 minutes today. I don't have an answer. So I have always people are putting on a horrendous performance. They don't seem to care. They haven't even had no enough at all to do. I've got to let's hear it for this guy. Thank God for people like you, sir. I know. And I wish everybody could do the same thing. But not going to the pancreas. And the moment they both saw. They said, don't come near. Okay, congratulations. And the guy bless you. And the boy you came in on. I mean, we have an open lot of fun. They're getting ready up there and they told us that the kid could ever I'll ride. Any minute now they're going to send that old part. Up in this place. Why sure, I hope the kid can't smell him on your windows. Can you imagine they send him out there? He's going to be putting the bad ones. What are you know? There's old people. He's got a lot of their bodily functions. When you get to the 177 like old John Glenn. And of course they brought water, contact back out of it. Anybody are happy about that? No, one thing I'll tell you about, Walter. He is old. Walter, he's got wrinkles on his wrinkles like Miss Lily. Remember there? He used to have wrinkles in places where it was illegal in Georgia. And here's Walter's contact card. He's back out there. And he's, I mean, what is that mean? Why is Walter contact? I mean, you know, this CNN supposedly pulled out this big tube because the S is inside of up to cover the sink. CNN got him on there. Huh? Well, they could afford to get him because they don't pay anybody. I'll say it. Everybody works. No, people there make nothing on that network. Bob goes. And then that's why they had the big money. Remember they're going to try to hire Tom Burkhaw away from NBC because they like guys with speech and vitamins? Here's Hi Alia. Hello. Yes, sir? Are you doing here? Okay. You know, it's good to hear someone who actually taught talking instead of, instead of just mentioning a corn, then getting on a gator talk. Yeah. And, well, how can you talk when you do all I think about it on the morning show? How can they talk about it? I don't know. I mean, I just, I guess, think of the night just turning off. Yeah. I want to ask you, you know, where do you see the panther is going? I mean, what's wrong with you? Where do I see them going? Yeah. And you're currently. I don't see them going there. They're already there. They can't get any worse. Unless they totally, unless they make a lot of deals and totally appreciate this thing. This season is lost. I know it's only seven games in. But I'm here to tell you right now. This is a disaster team. You think Brian Murray can pull it off? Yeah. He's going to his partner right now. Good luck, pal. We'll leave it. Can Brian Murray pull it off? Can't beat that gator meat. We have an open line of day five say. Every time that morning, show them, phone starts going down. And you notice this morning because it was Thursday. It was what your beef so are. You guys out there, listen to the morning show. Don't call this number on Thursday because number one we don't answer it. Number two, we don't have any prizes for you. This is not the number for what your goddamn beef. But every Thursday morning, all of a sudden, then there lines left because they're given a bunch of crap away. And I learned a hard way. Give it about your crap away is one. Hell of a star, yes, way. I'll show you even if it is in this town. Just remember that George. Because anybody gives stuff away on this show. Here's a mobile and a TV. Hello. Mobile and have a cheer up. Hi, here you go. I'm going to the point to that type in the pan first. Yes. You know, that's not a point. And so the number you're on here. Brian Murray can't know it. Can you do this song for me? I've got to tell you right there what kind of person we're dealing with. But you know, so they both brothers are the same. Only Terry Murray I'm fighting out now is a hard ass. He's a bigger hard ass than Brian. The charity says he's not a pop players' coach. Yeah. And we've noticed that because last night, I guess we'll go contact between the bench and the players. They didn't play for him a lick last night. And I'm telling you that they will not play for him. As long as he keeps trying to play these head games, and blame guys what we're responsible for the crat team that is brother put out there on the ice. I mean, how can you blame guys when they got nobody's here? You want to trick their cars law about it. And Victor's got all these moves and he's still can't like. And he's doing it. And he has nobody to pass to because he's got nobody out there playing with. The guy can't go out there and do it by himself. There has to be a supporting chance. You have to have other guys out there who have skills. And unfortunately, because we got our ball headed cheap pasted at 11 to 10. We don't have those people. We made no moves. None. Right. The six years ago, five years ago. And the first season I would go to the games and I say, Oh, look at this team. I think we're going to get blown out. We never got blown away. Just period all right. There you go. All right. Like I said, I paid for two. Okay. Thank you, sir. And congratulations. There's a guy that he said one period. He held his fingers over those like, oh, the stench of Kalman or his all over this joint. I'm getting out. Anybody that knocked anyone who left early last night needs mental help. Okay. And like I said, those of you who have you stayed at the bitter end, must be because you're a car battery died or something like that. Are you waiting for a pizza delivery from outside the building? Because that was just unscensionable. So think that people are going to pay that kind of money to see this garbage. And it ties right in with what I'm telling you with this pioncid business and alighter business. The sports mogul, Garley, Philly, it's all these dumb and low to Rejust who think that there's an unending supply of cash that they've heard. I was on Hank one day last week driving home and he's absolutely right. People are trying to say, a baseball made a big comeback. This year, bullcraft. There were three stories in baseball, while we were in the two stories, the Yankees big year. And please don't tell me, Calib, you know what he cared about that. And the home one thing with so send me a word. That was it. That was the only thing that boosted up for a while there. Because then when the world series came along, the lowest ratings in history, the lowest TV ratings ever. So please die and hear we got the NBA. They're not even playing. They're not even close to any kind of an agreement. Because of greed. Because these illiterate jackasses can't get enough. I mean, you look at these guys immediately. It is a city or something. That's right. So I've been in the concephonic middle of the year. Yeah, right. Stay in the slammers sweetheart. Here's Kendall. Hello. You know, unfortunately I made a mistake ago. Did I game last night? Oh, my God. And I want to apologize to you. So I'd be happy to have the whole organization. I mean, that was one of the games I picked. I guess I should just try to pick the ready teams. But you can pick your nose and add more fun than pick an asking. Which you think you say, I'm a Toronto be a Detroit couple of times. Okay. They played them twice. They beat him twice. Two one and five three. Yes, sir. And unfortunately, I was stuck in a herd of red wing fans or whatever you want to call them. Because you know, half of them are not even legit. I mean, everyone's got two beers, three beers, four beers. And I thought I would say about I have maybe of the red wing jerseys last night. Were real Detroit fans who have been fans for a long time or maybe from Michigan. And the rest of them were just the usual front running phonys. Where in the jersey of whatever is the hottest team the last year? That's where we told them we told them we told them that you got your Yankee jersey in your brother's right home. Absolutely. I'd say you know what? That was really my second trip to the arena with all the criticism of the last few weeks. I kind of took a better anisation of it. Yes, sir. The seats kind of aren't small. I didn't really notice at the first time. But it went away with it. It depends on which seats you sit in. Okay. It's on the luck of the draw. Okay. We're not all the same size. Well, that's what he misses. That's what I'm saying. Okay. That being said, even when I try to go get something to eat. Yeah. We don't wait on one foot. The whole period. Because they only got four full courts for the whole lower. They got 80 million people in there. And I thought when he first gave me my guided tours. I thought, well, this is going to be great. Oh, we're going to have all of this at all. And the meantime, there's only four food courts for the whole guy named Laura, part of the building, which is where 90% of the people are. And you can even get your nut. You know, those little place left. What happened to those? Never thought about that. I haven't seen it. How long can you go to a game without your nut? I think, in fact, you know, something Amazon, they're always wrong with the panthers last. I think I'll show it up without their nut. They showed up with no ball. I don't know. Right. Don't know. How? I mean, I just don't know. I know you're hot to hockey, maybe. Nobody, and we took an effort to put a body on somebody at any point again. There were, I mean, 90% against your read my lips because they will not play for this coach. Okay, but there is no effort. I mean, I'm not in the forget about playing a team that was a lot better than Bullwissat. We, we, everybody has that happened. But I'm talking about a total lack of effort. I mean, that one mesmoizing period in the second period of team glass for five hours, when they just just wanted to watch the red wing. And at full strength mind, you're watching them pass it around. I mean, I thought Kirk McFan was going to like run for the exit. I mean, I'm going to play. Right. You know, if you're sitting there, you're getting shots like a rapist. I think Kirk McFan is a goalie who, you know, he's got his good days, not too many. Right. But he, he, he can, if he's got a decent defense and he's got a supporting cast. Maybe he might get the job done on a certain day. But when he's got nobody, he's not the kind of guy who can compensate for no defense. I agree with you. And you know, like you said, he's just very Murray. I mean, he's a reason for you to know. Oh, yeah. Exactly. But you know, if they're not going to do anything now, I mean, even like his goalsteer, he's the more he's, well, if you know, to the really, I'm not seeing a wood change again, but he might have nothing with it changed. Well, absolutely not. What he's got to put a pie out of him, I'm not, you know, you've got to read, I'm not talking the physical fighting part. But you've got to let them know. You're coming in your hand. You're going to pay a plate. It's not just how about that one guy saying, why don't put it in front and front of the net? Nobody's around. Yeah. Before I go, can you play a cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, the jumper ran by just for those two and man. Okay. Okay. Oh, no, trusty now. I don't have a place to go take it with space that is either. He's there right now. He's in a prison doing it. Okay. Look at there's a president saying, hey, crank this up. I'll put it up a second. What you saying is you saying that the young one, the space to that? Is that what he said? And it is this one more example of why it's so important. This person's just stand up and be counted on a lecture. I thought it was pretty, uh, pretty hard one for mother to come down. These are the first things you say. I said, boy, you guys should have got some good ass down here and put it up. You did that? That's crazy. And go on both. No, that's pretty cool. What do you think he's got to make smile on his post for? In fact, I wouldn't be surprised by how the only showing him from like here up. I wouldn't be surprised if he's getting service right now. That's the, uh, pick with service. What? Hey, girl, these guy and America wants to get some good head. Okay, even some that's not so good. What's the big deal with that? I think we're gonna thank them on the specific bridge like I said. Look at that. He's got us all in the post. We're going to work on air to breathe. Okay, it's over. Don't call the driver. Please do not want me to know more evidence. All right. I think we're getting ready to send a little John's line up there. Uh, geez. Every time they try to fire that damn thing off, it just loops right back down. I'm not so mad. We're pretty much at God damn space shuttle, huh? Well, the parks in space. Kind of like, uh, Mel Brooks movie, huh? Old Jews in space, whatever, how I was. 26 minutes after one. And is he Jewish? No, thanks so not this week. In fact, if you look up definitive boy in the dictionary, right next to Rick Wiley's picture, you'll see John Glenn. You know, A L. I decided to remain perched high on these long ladders, a hundred and a half. Imagine for moment American history. I said the governments about to waste billions of dollars to send a scene out old fart up in the space. And of course, if this were so, just wait and sunrise, camera. That's right. Lots of other parts to town. How about then a lot of hill? A lot of end and outer space. And of course, in big county, most of them are from out of this world. Anyway, here's a gear field, hello. Yes sir. I could come in this shame, which was a question. Yes. Both of them are a very bright, lost with better teams in Washington, and certainly in Detroit, and Terry, lost with better teams in Washington, and also in Philadelphia. You shouldn't come in this shock to anybody. Yeah. That didn't go on. I mean, whatever they've gone with Philadelphia, they were certainly favorable with a cup pack here, that they've lost in Detroit, Bryant, Murray, saying, saying, shameless request for isn't it the chronic bite, whoever I want to say whatever. Okay. Thanks buddy. Is that in here, by the way? Yes. Did we get that in here? Oh, thank God. Here's a preview. Okay. We'll get that. That's a preview. Just come down. Yeah, we got Robert Crockkeye sitting there. It's today for all the old parts. There you go. We have an open line in Broward, five six, seven, five, six, five, six, the 18, two, while we're fun. This has been great today. This is an exercise in American, whatever it is. We don't give a crap. We're not really done all that fired up. But by the least, we got some people off their ass today, and they're not just going to take it standing up, so they're going to sit down and see it and dumb you up. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, me, oh. Yes, man. It's a proud day to be in American. Is it really? Yeah. Would you ever go up to West Bay, so get an opportunity? Would I do one? Would you ever go up? What are going to space? No, not really. Would you? Well, for what? Well, you could be the first gay in the state. Uh-huh. And you could be the first asshole in space. There you go. He's on the house. Yeah, right. I could be the first gay in space. Thank you for your comment after waiting one. 18, 20 minutes. That was a rich full life. She's got said her ass up at a space. Okay? We're just put your fist in a work. She's got a lot of practice. You might enjoy it. Here's my me, Lake. So, uh-huh. What a stupid day. Oh, and you know who that was? That was the good Christian lady. Just on on me. That was that good Christian lady. Yeah, there you go. All the Christians I'm going to do off the ear by the end of the ear. She should only list along. Yes? Okay. We have an open line today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 6, the only 18, 2, while I was lying. Here's a mobile and pump on. Oh, hello. Wow. What was that? Two actions back to back. You know what the world's most expensive battery is now in the field. And what is that? So the one for the air, Colossity Bag for the head. That's my, Mike P. Ozza and L. Lighter, 123 million dollars when that voice stands on the mound. Is that prophetic or what? It is the sickling thing. I mean, it sports wasn't going on a tube before that. It is down now. This is the final nail of the coffin. And these owners are so stupid. They don't even realize it on a one-hit or belly incanders scream in their carrying on. And the meantime, they're just, they're just unleashed any amount of money to try to buy a phony championship. And what's that? What does it mean? If they don't have any value, then you do. If they don't put a cap and, and that's basketball and baseball, I mean, you've got an football. They can take teams like Pittsburgh Cincinnati Baltimore, they can take them out and just make a four-lick team, New York, LA, whatever. Another thing real quick, if you have New York, hey, freaking out on that stuff, something has been commercial yet, predict? No. You didn't hear him. He was clumped. He was going to walk off the shelf and play it on his head. He was, he was unbelievable. He was, you know, I don't know about Hank's deal, but I have no control over what recorded commercial they play on his show. I'm not happy about it. We got, for some strange reason, when I was on the other station, all the liberal candidates had their spots on my show because it fitted with my audience and with the show. But on this station, because they don't really care if they don't understand it, I got every, I got Lincoln DS, the Lord, I got Charles, the head's in shooter office. And every right wing, a whack or whatever, came down a pike running spots on this show. I got one thing to say. Yeah. Big John, I'm big Ron, you're planning to do stuff. Okay, see you, bro. Open line in Brower, 2 in day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60. On the AT&T, wireless line. That was the good Christian lady. You're in Christ's first festival in the wrist. "... Do your rods just run". Getting to the party to make the children Isn't it the chronic heart? Don't you think? It's my greatest way It's my only way The freedom When you're already safe It's good way Okay In the day Who are the ones You care Hard-roaning That you already ate I know it's done It's done I love it you've been It's my 10,000 joints When all you need is a bite It's my cabin with music And then piping out and passing the light And this is the chronic I'm strong Don't you think? I'm little too much chronic Yeah, I really feel pain It's my 10,000,000 When you're my song way The freedom When you're already safe That you've got to stay That you've got to stay That you've got to stop You're getting Oh my God Walter Crohn got his go So bad that his head has sunk down to where he's That girl used to be That's frightening 16,02,560, WKM, so any minute now Any second December I'll miss you Oh yes, that well has he had a visit yet? Apparently not Well he will today Well that's December who keeps the calling And making death threats to us and all over the building I wanted to do it this phone number 305-948-394-10 So maybe you can call him and make a death threat to you Or you can make one of him whatever you like Because obviously you think the telephone is a play toy For seeing our old parts who have no life 305-948-3914 These Zimmer and by the way tomorrow The calls don't stop We will give the address on here too As a matter of fact 2.5-9.560 5.660 6.560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Carl Gable so well Yeah, sure You know I've been a big sport camp for years And the rough draw sports basketball Football Baseball boxing Yeah, I've become so disgusty with sports Yeah, it's just like he used to be Yeah, I don't know He took away the money today There's nothing left You know I mean that's all it is Nobody cares about anything anymore You go out to that stupid hockey game last night There's nobody even making an effort Guys are getting paid a million two million dollars a year But it just goes through the motions and just give me a check You know Just cut it Anyway, the echo I call to say Okay, thank you Okay, thank you Okay, see you at the space Let's go on to see what I say The longs that's what we want It's longs time almost So I can't read I mean they're in a commercial break anyway I don't want to think out of the corner of my eye Because everybody in America is hanging on the edge That's why we got no calls in date right now They all went to their TV set They got to see this old fart club in space or if maybe it don't work out I keep you know, I hate to say this because it's getting very close to that time Let's just keep school through my mind over and over again What a discovery huh five six seven oh five six blind the miss fits in date are starting up again today Here they go They can't control themselves Here's for louder nail hello Just two things to say yes sir And I said it before that it's not a sports town Yeah, they don't give it No, yes That calls somebody do you spend no not not after that kind of a deal But you are right sir. It is not a sports town because if it were I mean we have a lot of calls today But basically they're very passionate there. It's almost like they don't give a crap And like I said before and I'll say it again four five thousand times by the end of this month's no dots That's why Wayne can get away with it Because the people are so happy better can so indifferent in a real sports town team wins the world championship And the order comes in and the very next day says oh, you know, you got to build a stadium or we're not going to be able to afford to play And then he dismantles the world goddamn tape in a lot of people forget by the way that Kevin Brown and a couple other the best players Offerized your championship team had a meeting had a private meeting that they asked for with Wayne And they said we would like to stay here. We know we've got a great thing that we build here. We'd like to work out well even like maybe four ghosts of our salary or take the food payment We'll do anything we'll work out a deal with is there any way we can do that and Wayne said no Wayne basically stuck his foot right up each and every one of your vacuum. That's right And he's still in care There's still calling about hey, what's the morning line under volleyball game with a round of Quentin right in high that that's what they're calling about Those aren't sports fans they're compulsive gamblers There's still talking hey Super Bowl Super Bowl. Yeah, and you hear like it the comments that are made the quality you know Do you know what a pancake block is by the way? No, I've been watching football for 40 some years and even the lives in I don't talk about it because quite frankly it's gotten very boring in the calibre is a embarrassing But I have guys calm this morning about a how come the dolphins never throw a pancake block? Is that like a block party is that what that is a pancake block? 42 years at least I've been watching for 44 years I'm a watch in national football league. I've never heard a broadcaster anybody calling a pancake block I'm gonna pick a GM. I must be out of the loop, you know, I must be listening something over here How come godly don't ever throw pancake block? Well, gee go over here go to the old house of pancakes there and see maybe they got one pal Slaff one right on the jam on it like she says Here's a mobile and Cooper City hello hi Neil how are you okay, sir? I got to the pancake block. I didn't know if it's so this year and my little boy plays a six-man-app plays tackle football They walk this when you when you get your opponent when you're walking you get them on the ground in a lay on them Yeah, that's what a pancake block. Well, women you get your opponent on the ground in your lay on you know what that sounds like And again love you more on yeah Only six and a half okay and and I'm surprised because you've been talking about the Santa going nowhere this year all summer. Yeah, I mean So when you're surprised about but we're not we knew this happen yeah, you know, you know, it was gonna be this bad Well, you predicted it and as far as the mountains with their 20,000 And Well, next year you really think all this even take the holders are gonna pay I mean well, they had 12,000 season ticket holders, but they average about 20,000 people again So that means that because most of the 12,000 season are corporate, you know, that kind of stuff But that means that 8,000 other tickets on the average were sold for every game It's quite an effect that Wayne basically stuck his foot up everybody's butt well, I didn't buy them the odd. I'm I'm You know we're evolving the pathway I can send in my money they can take all these sport They can put them on there on their Right and get out of here and it's been a jet me. I just passed it because they could bear for it And there's a face shuttle landing right now in the bus mode coming in from camera at and market They're gonna make you early bird at the cafe your ain't it all okay pal Go John plant. Yes, it could last me bad concession Okay, I can't read that thing. We did do that on purposes. It likes stock on nine This is something or I can't even read the numbers No, that's that's called a commercial That's called a commercial on CNN their George is what that's called. Make sure you want to say another thing I will on the same wavelength it's all a bunch of crap That's the wavelength baby billions of dollars so we can send them all far up there because that's at least we can do for him But if you're out there and you can't make ends. Maybe you can't pay your bills You can't keep your electric cost can't keep your goddamn heatful under in the winter time Whatever your problem as we can't be worried about you all the people are gonna start to death up north and the freeze Telling homeless people we can't worry about them We don't have enough money for a disease research for all these diseases killing people all over the place cancer and AIDS and whatever else it is To burculosis is coming back. We don't have enough money for that But we got endless supplies of money for all the crap that you can find for us And once upon a time you know the space program there, you know, it's kind of like you have to wait The good against the bad is it worth it or not and once upon a time there were a lot of new developments technology, et cetera But I think at this stage of our lives With all the problems in the world today With the world economies still I hate to break the news to you go to hell at a hand-bask in Asia and in South America a lot of other places The idea that this is supposed to be some kind of a goddamn celebration that was supposed to be all excited about Tell you a lot of it's time for months now That's right. Let's dig up old water conkeye. Let's get all the old folks like this guy says let's have an early bird dinner here Because we're sending a 70-year-old even statistical right-wing god-din Republican posing as a Democrat from Ohio John Glenn up there in outer space He's a Democrat like I'm a born again Christian. That's a kind of Democrat. He's he's nothing but another god-din Fony baloney chapter in phony American history he's much to do about nothing He's one of many guys who got on a goddamn spaceship who was lucky enough to come back alive. How's that school teach you doing my way by see her lately? Hey, that's total the whole cabin oh Boy, I think they're gonna be in for a long I got a facts here that is gonna make you psychotic Here is the guy who's obviously like a real living and breathing business guy because he sends me a facts on his business to let her head Michael in for a lot of Dale He says if I got something for you, this is about the national car rental arena the macarina I'm a seasoned ticket order for the panties and have been since the inaugural season never have I been so insulted not only is the food horrible The soundstings for service, but now there is a major parking problem. Oh With the opening of the door we've decided to purchase a parking pass just like the new state of the outer arena being a rip off And now why did I buy a parking pass and by the way it wasn't cheap $500 plus I Wanted the game my I said that there was no place to park no tendons just to have me to park on the side of the road I just like at least 20 other cars did just that That wasn't so bad the loss of the game was bad. I left the game early with three minutes to go I walked over to where I parked my car it was oh gone I'm telling you it was gone. It was I'm telling you I I'm telling you I asked the attendants what happened to my car. They said they told the lot of God Toad all cars that were on the street. They told me to park my car What is it they told me to park my car there my car was moved to a lot of cross to street when I got to my car It was a parking ticket a $25 fine How dare they issue a ticket? I'm a seat in ticket older. I have a parking pass and I get a ticket Why would I park on a street for free and pay for a pass and not use it the attendance tool me? There were spaces on the other side of the lot that they should have told me to go over there I would oh and this guy goes on and on and on never we see the ticket Miami That's that one so what this sucks says Michael in for a letter to tell a business guy who is pissed off and fired up And thank God it got his facts to it a me before the other day today So that's just the quality of product that sucks suck would be a compliment suck would be a compliment when you go out there I want to say this because I don't know if they left out yet Now who knows whether they left you're not but I'm gonna tell you something you guys there were a couple of guys Victor And I Whitney a couple of guys at least made an effort for last night But the rest of you guys go into the motions like that whether it's despite Terry Murray because he's an asshole or whatever the reason It might be people are paying your good harder money to go see a sporting event Not to see a bunch of guys a bunch of folders out there floating around I realized we don't have the talent that we need to really compete We got a bunch of old hacks that were desperate to get rid of like Kirk Muller and Terry Carter and Jeff Gordon and a bunch of other guys But at least make an effort okay at least try to put on a performance when 19,000 130 people about their panor God am harder money getting their car throw to away pants. You know is for a horseball over price Consections some people sitting and seats that are like babies. He's for a goddamn minpin Yeah, I could take my little vlog over there. They got seats perfect for his little last 10 pounds if you're right in a lot of gloves So do we have a good time? All right, okay, hey Goldberg's coming up next. We got the Jimmy Johnson chore 5 on Hank show. We got the let's see Kim a bolt camper 6 Eddie Kaplan tonight 10 o'clock