It's Jesus, show it to the little respect. So what kind of an asshole would go out and start to buy and books about this Diana? Just because it's, huh? Because it's the one year anniversary, get cut up at all as re-hype again, like there's nothing else going on in the world. I mean, we've got gloom and duma in Russia. Isn't that what they're calling it? And some assholes are out there buying Diana books, like this one I got in my head right now, that I bought it at Borges yesterday. Today Diana died by Christopher Anderson. I read like the first few pages, and I think it's got to be disappointing. It's like another suckpest, I believe, for like how much did I pay for this? Oh, geez. 27 bucks and tax. And we can't have a bowl of whatever goes with it. 27 bucks for another suckpest man, oh man. So I got some great mail here. I also a couple of good taxes. What? I'm watching our show on Whammy at the 10th, the reading was on Sunday night to at least. I'm not even gonna tell you when it's on, because I have no idea anymore. It's on whatever they feel like it, when they got nothing else to stick on there. And the 10th or the show was pretty damn good. So I'm waiting on Sundays that have been showing reruns from 10th or the 12th or the 12th or the 12th, two piggybacks back to back, is in piggyback. Love and a clock comes the Bobby Bowden show. And I said, what the F is this? It's the F and Bobby Bowden show. Well, coming to find out this morning that they were all along, we were never gonna be out of the 11 o'clock on Sundays. It was either gonna be replaced by the Bobby Bowden show, or a show called David Swar as on fashion. What's, huh? And I guess they must have seen this picture that I have in my hand, which you'll have to watch the TV show to see this. David and a lovely green gown. I mean, he is just beautiful in there. And they took one look at this and they said, well, maybe Bobby Bowden looks a little more macho. We've already got too much of that stuff on here anyway, which got on the old days they do. David Swar as on fashion, and they maybe pick it up and place it out loud or one of those, so keep your eye peeled for that. Speaking of that, by the way, they had some pretty interesting people on 10's last night. You see that? That's what it's that people want to see cleavage. They want to see naked. They want to see a cleavage in cleavage. That's what they want to see. Now you're talking. They want to see hot, young, almost naked body. It's perfectly naked. But if you can't get away with that, it's post is possible to the rear and you're right, DT needs a whole bunch of meals. He looks like post Auschwitz on a bed. I have never seen it. Nicobad Crain. We look like Fat Joe compared to that. That's how I've scrawny DT is. But anyway, enough of that crap. Boy, I've got this great letter. I'll get to that in a minute. That's going to take like a lead to segments. But here's the facts. We got all this crap about Buddy Bud Packs and by the way, in a papers because Packs' nest has it known today. Oh, right, let's hear it. As Buddy Bud brings God and religion in fact, a television with a bunch of mushed over old reruns. What is that happening with anything? You know, Dr. Quinn, medicine geek, or whatever the all those shows are that he's putting back on father-douling mysteries. Oh boy, that's my favorite. Bring back the Lord to a TV with a Buddy Bud Packs and of course, there's a total phony. And the only thing he cares about is the bottom line and makes hopes to make a lot of money. But not spending any. Just kind of like this, you want here. Let's a crap you. Let's shoot up some crap and see if anybody will watch it. That's the sad part of it because anytime you put in that rerun old crap on there, it's a tracks and audience. It's not a big massive and vivid audience, but some audience and he'll make some, he'll make more money on it. But somebody facts as me this article this morning, which I wish it was a better copy. That was facts, you know, you have to be a genius to be able to read these from the Palm Beach Post yesterday. Thank you, John, and Boeton, get a new facts machine. But at any rate, maybe it's ours. And it's Buddy Bud Packs and commenting on yours. Truly, and here's a little picture of me. A real goofy picture of me. You figure that unusual? It says, this is one of those things that I honestly believe the Lord played a hand in offers packs. This is one of those things that... Oh God! Stuck his hand in. When passing by, and this is so full of lies and the error and bullcraft, that it's absolutely positively unbelievable. He's just amazing. I mean, born against don't lie, do they? They don't feed us a bunch of horsecraft? But packs and bought WIOD AM610 and May 1997. He had to assume the five-year contract in the O'Rangers, the number one radio trash master in May, and he. Packs and considers Rogers vulgar and profane on his best days. Packs and his lawyers could find no way out of Rogers' contract. This is such an unbelievable lie, if that's what this man said. First of all, they could have paid me off at off the bat and never put me on here one day. That's number one. Secondly, the reasons that they bought the radio station according to this man himself was two reasons. So the Miami Dolphin broadcast and the Neo-Rodger show. Period. Those are the main reasons they bought IOD before they tracked it. Packs and lawyers could find no way out of Rogers' contract. But six months after Packs and bought WIOD, he got something to rather, which I can't read this, that pointed out that the contract could be, the deal could be renegotiated six months after the sale of the station, Packs and happily obliged. Hold a lie. I had a one-year window in my contract, which said that up to a year after a year after the sale of the station, I could like renegotiate and otherwise I was a free agent. I paid a salary for five months, while he said on the beach, actually he went to Italy, then he came back to work for another station WQAM. It cost Packs and about 10,000 a week for five months. Did I clean up the airways? Only a little corner of the rug got cleaned, unfortunately, but that's all I could do. My contribution to South Florida was keeping the Rogers off the year. It says buddy, but Packs and whatever wrote this crap at a Palm Beach post. By the way, that's a cox news paper. I should point out that the station no better. Whoever wrote this should be in jail right now. For bullcrafts. Don't they have a bullcraft jail? They ought to, man, would have be loaded. See a lot of familiar faces from around here in that place, by the way. But anyway, just loaded with lies because at the time that I did sign a deal with WQAM to come over here, what were they doing with me? Renegotiating for me to do another five. In fact, they wanted six years, not five years at the IOD. And putting up billboards trying to do that. And putting up more billboards trying to convince, hey, yeah, everybody listed IOD in the New Rogers show. And I remember Harry Pena's telling me, oh yeah, well, the reason we're only putting up the Rogers billboards, we have nothing else on the station that's worth promoting. How do you like them, Apple, huh? When they brought in that Harry Pena's valentine for more later, how's he doing now, by the way? Anybody see him? Yeah. So we were in renegotiating to deal with the Packs and people. And even though he was trying to put that language stuff and there you'll recall that we backed him right up against the wall of a last minute. And he retracted that. He said, okay, go ahead, say whatever crap you want. Because I'm a potty mouth fooling anyways. What he said. And he is. But just to prove to you, here's a good lesson for all you young people out there as you go through your life. Save crap. I save a lot of crap. Sometimes I'll have something I'll think, well, you know, someday this might come in handy. I have right in my hand a letter. David October 18th, West Palm Beach Postmark from Packs and Communications in West Palm Beach, 601 Clearwater Park Road. Personal letter from Buddy Bud Packs and signed Bud. Not, but not Mr. Packs and not the low old W. But Bud. My Bud. Post personal Bud Bud. Mr. Neorange, Dvapa. Dear Neil, just saw your summer arbitron ratings and your double digit 10.0 share for men 25 to 54 jumped off the page. Not to mention your number one ranking. The adult demos were also very impressive. Congratulations and thanks for the confirmation that we made an incredible deal on me purchase WI-D. Hope you're enjoying your new studios and please feel free to call Jay Hoker or me a corporate. If there is anything we can do to help continue these great ratings sincerely, Bud, low old Bud Packs and hypocrite lying, phony board again, the piece of crap. Trash, man. Talk about trash. I'm not the chief of trash. These are the chief of trash. Go home, schlock that work. The guy's damn what he did to radio and all of it a guy's damn state. And then of course, what he's doing to that so-called pack that's putting a bunch of old trash that have asked up we runs on there. He's the maven of trash. An article right in the ghost of Shui again because you're reading the newspaper does that mean it's true? No. Does that mean it's probably a bunch of crap? Oh, no. There he goes, especially in a Palm Beach post. Bud, Bud, liar liar, your goddamn pants on fire. You're gonna be burning that lake of fire and pull so many lives. Even Bubba's not in your league when it comes to lying. Okay? Bud, pack some. Nice job, by the way, running all your stations. What a freaking liar. Like I said, man, he's born again. Each and every single one of them. Hypocrite, phony, spore around, liar, air we goddamn born again that I've ever had any dealings with in my life. Pull a crap. It's just overflowing. Like a goddamn septic tank. It's backing up in their pussy. Like a goddamn overrun, collostiny bag and cemetery village. Oh, there he goes, being crude again. I got a great letter. Boy, why have I letter? 10-09 at 5.60 WQA. And don't forget the moments that I'd baby park a liar, he's the one who! When you're looking to make your next electronics your appliance purchase for. This is a bunch of hoot. Hey. Hey, so this radio station. Who? Now, the future isn't out. We've been talking about facts and fessance. Got to pull out now. We'll work on a facts and fessance. The handsome little in half. Gone and work from facts and fessance. He's like queen with more hair. You might think that it's a bummer. When Bill and Reece gone. Are you sure? Say goodbye to Aaron. Summers say hi to Ron and Ron. I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said I asked, I did not understand what I said, but I am one of up on CNBC. Those of us who are invested with our stocks worried about this worldwide depression that's coming on in the day now. And they start, I'm, it was like they should have all had compounds on. They should have been doing the cheerleading routine. Oh, and it's now it's starting out. The future is up and, but I mean, but I won't play within the first 15 minutes of us up about 33 points, 41 points, whatever was. And there's a little Maria Barnard Rumble down there in the 40-year-old stock exchange. Oh, and J.P. Morgan has even in fact, it didn't yet. And when that goes in there, oh, the Dow is really got a, oh, and they're all like jumping up and down. Guess what? It's down 100 points. And then that's down 35. And that's only in the first 45 minutes. And what are they going to be talking about now? Remembering Diana? Yeah, they got some pitch on there. Some slanty I'd bitch to lose right now. She said, I'll get back to your Diana, something like that. The world is going to hell on their hand basket. People that had like a million dollars two days ago, they were like a one. 50 bucks now? Well, I'm interested though. That's what they got. So all in the same boat together, and I were all about your slupper. Because I ended worried about the Diana. Newsflash Dow drops more than 100 points. Oh, there you go. And they're giving us a bunch of crats this morning, like it's going to go through the roof. We're going to have that big bounce bounce on this. Okay, you idiots. You morons. They're bouncing on it. The way we speak is a spot in the work. Nothing makes me happy. Something happened because it's then grief and lose money because Fox rhymes with slots. They try to reinvent hockey. They blew it. They're trying to get out of it this year, but it looks like they won't have got one more year where they're going to lose their ass on that. Thank God, nice going. Then Disney's going to lose their ass on it for five years, but nevertheless. So Saturday, here's the big hype, the game of the week nationwide TV. It's the Cardinal game, baby. The Cardinals and the Braves. And guess what? Here's Mark McWire up for the first time in the first inning. And you know, you can argue was that a strike was at a ball first. I saw it looked like way low and inside. It's a sub to the rumpire. And it's said, well, what the hell difference to make? Is this game has anything, anything whatsoever? It's all. Then 45,000 people are packed into Bush Stadium, hoping to see Mark McWire hit a home run that day. That's all that counted. And so he goes ballistic because it was a three to pitch. He's called out on strike. Tony Larusia comes running out our former manager there. Renee, walk away Renee Latchman comes running out from the third base coaches buck. They're trying to restrain him. And finally, after about seven opportunities, the unparthroats is as out of the game. Now, of course, the fans are pissed. They start acting like a bunch of animals throwing balls and crap out on the field. Until they started throwing people out. And then the third inning just about everybody, well, have to people left anyway because no more Mark McWire. And the fox announced his man, they're the ones whose chins were down to their toes because guess what happened when Mark McWire got thrown out of that game? Airvetevi set in America that was two hundred of that game went into a, another position. You could hear people clicking it and whacking it and yacking and pulling it as soon as he walked into that dugout. As soon as they saw the last couple of balls when they tried to hit round classical and hit it with a baseball, as soon as they saw that it missed, everybody said, okay, that's the end of that no more excitement there. And a fox people were just grapping loads in their pantalones, baby, because they knew that here they had just blown it. So, wasn't the question Mark McWire was pissed, which he later admitted. And you could hear if you watched the game, which I think some of these people on a morning show didn't even see the goddamn game and they were talking about that. I saw the game. You could hear the F, and it's this, he unleashed every expletives that's ever invented something I never heard of. And you know, the Emperor only takes so much crap and says, good am away for me, they couldn't get him away any final said, you're out of here, I have an ice life. Go hit a hummarin in a guy damn locker and go take some more andro. You'll see Hurricane Andrew. Well, speaking of hurricanes, by the way, Brian or Cross does it again. You know, something as, as bad as CNBC and Mark McWire's down 16 as they're 44. I'm joking on it. I'm gagging from watching the CNBC. God, as bad as they are this morning, little Brian or Cross just refuses to give up. And here's this hurricane Danielle. And this is on it. It was either Saturday afternoon, Saturday afternoon. He's still trying to get everybody worked up into a frenzy, even though the weather channel, everybody else in the world is telling us, have no fear. The worst it's going to happen is those poor banschens up in a Carolina's market at again. But the great, the best case in areas is it's going to move up north and the northeast, which you did off to see. And here's Brian Norr Cross and the thing on his little weather map is right there, Duwista, South Florida. And he's looking at it and he's saying, well, it's right. It's coming right at us. I'm looking at it's coming right at us. And then all the experts, you know, they're very confident. It's got to message, but I sure feel a lot better when it's taken that northward turn. And he must have said that it happened a dozen times. It's sitting right out here and it's coming right at right toward us. As if can't we somehow force it to come over here so I can get whipped up into a frenzy, they can make another movie about me and put me on television again and make me into a big star instead of just a little weather furry. Can't they make me into a big superstar? You are out of the ballgame Mr. Norr Cross. You're an asshole. You're irresponsible. Your ad jerk is what you are. Anybody wants to know what's going on with any kind of severe weather, turn on the weather channel, which I've written. See that thing at a paper about their ratings, what's scar rocketing, last a couple weeks with the two hurricanes? Because people are really want to get information and not just Saint Vietess dance his story on TV and not watch a newscast is getting blow off in the ocean, then they turn on the weather channel and see the real stuff. Find out what's really going on. The Dow is down a hundred and twelve points in this on the heels of the CNBC people this morning. Hyper ventilating, little Maria Bartiromo was hopping up and down like ruffle stills again with she looked like she had 50,000 Mexican beans inside her echo. That's right. That's how hysterical she was that we were going to have that big bounce that I make a nice big comeback. In there all on there trying to make a big case, but I mean, but I hope they're given us a song and a dance. But don't confuse them with the facts okay, because they're in the entertainment business. So here is a letter. This is one of the great letters in the history of my life. Almost as good as the buddy bud packs and letter. In fact, I might just save it. I'll put it in the same envelope. It's from Elizabeth in Pembroke Pines. Oh, here's Greg Reed with George's bonuses. He got your bonus? No. He's reaching it at both pockets. Empty. Yeah, get out here. If you don't have his bonus, get out of here. Well, that market's taking a real crap. Why? Oh, the beat. Thank God this isn't a publicly owned company. Should we thank God for that or not? No, for work publicly on company we might have some decent equipment. But at any rate, yeah, I'm showing my nice letter from Buddybud Passing by the way that I saved. Never got a letter from Greg Reed like this. Here's why, and by the way, how come we don't have an employee the month anymore? You notice after I got to employ you the month that I turned the pin down and took the money? That was the end of that. No, we haven't had another employee of the month since that time when I got it. That's like months ago. Because I have to get out of here. What? Lee Cutler got it last time. Lee Cutler, who sits over here and makes all that goddamn noise in the next room, was like a poor man's Tom Dennenberg. The world's biggest torpe that goes out and says, you wouldn't mind about any spots with you. Especially in those crappy Marlins game, they all say, no, how about 10? How about we pay you 75 bucks? They still don't want it. God, Lee Cutler, the employee of the month, no wonder they kept that a secret, okay? We'll peed in our pants so hard we had a flood in this joint if we saw that. So here is a great letter. One of the great letters I've ever had in my life by the way from Elizabeth and Pepper Pines. This is the best. Dear Neal, I am one of those women you're always yelling about. Why don't they like me? Those uptight bitches? What is it? Somebody tell me? So I'm going to tell you. Says he Elizabeth. My old man is a Neal Rogers fan so I get Neal in the daytime and Neal at night whether I wanted or not. So what you say, is she gets it in the daytime and gets it at night, whether she wants it or not in the show too. Politically and in many other ways, I'm in complete agreement with your views and opinions, but too many times, you don't seem to know the difference between dirty funny and dirty gross. Then I started watching the television segment and got a completely different take on you. On the radio many times you just sound like a dirty old man. I do a dirty old man. You bet. But on the tube we get to see your facial expressions come to understand that you're goofing. That sounds like something Joe Rose would say, goofing. You're having fun most of the time and it seems to me that TV segments are cleaned up a little bit. A little bit too much. Then you had to ruin it all by going into what? Now here comes the good part, okay? You knew there would be one sooner or later. Then you had to ruin it all by going into a long dissertation about the problems you're having with your... Flectum. Now who the f? Cheven puts the effort. Who the f do you think cares about your F? Flectum. Who wants to hear that? You're F? Flectum. Maybe one of your erogenous zones. Wrong. Sorry Liz. I made that very clear not for me. Maybe for you sweetheart, not for me. But the world at large believe me does not care to hear about your Flectum. So I leave the room. I'm neither uptight nor a bitch and not easily offended by the way. Jesus, use a little taste with you since your little Liz in Pembroke Pines. And does have a last name but I'll spare her the expense and the embarrassment. Well congratulations on the courage. Finally we had some uptight. I mean some woman out there admit why she can't stand me. It's me like poison. Because as usual it's not just a women thing. It's an American thing in general. The uptight Americans who just can't deal with things that have to do with real life. To be very honest with you, I think I deserve a medal for having the courage to go the balls to come on a year and admit to going to my doctor for physical exam and finding that I have a bruise record which is a hell of a lot there than having prostate cancer or colum cancer, some other grotesque horrible thing I thought. And I thought I explained very and aesthetically how the din that was a doctor explained to the male. Okay if he's a doctor how gross can it be. See that everything is dirty or gross. If it has to do with the human body, if it has to do with sex or natural human functions, it's dirty and it's gross. Like picking your nose, okay, look at the ever. No, let me don't pick their nose. And sure is how don't chew them. They don't do that. That's right. And women certainly don't ever do that now. They never take a they never fart they never take a dump. And certainly there's no woman in the world with a bruise. To be honest with you with a stuff that we heard on a show couple months ago, I wouldn't be surprised with what we hear is going on out there that there might be some women do have a bruise. Raccoon and not didn't get the same way I did. And of course I could understand why they be embarrassed to admit to that. Okay Elizabeth, because if I had a bruise, Raccoon were doing hanky panky with something that the Lord intended to be the outshoed, not the enshoot, I'd be pretty embarrassed about it to be in the fact that I am. But at least I haven't excused which I don't because I don't participate and don't care to and don't want to keep nobody. I had a bruised rectum. Okay, suppose I would have had a twisted colon with that of a dirty and disgusting. Huh? With that of a dirty Elizabeth? Yeah, yeah, right because we know it's inside of that colon. Oh, geez. Show a little bit of taste. What year you disgusting old dirty old man, potty mouth bastard you? I got news for you. One of the proudest the the only other thing that I ever talked about on here that was even in a in a league where that was I pooped my pants. That's right. When I came in and I admitted that and I told my story on the air when I just showed my ass to the world and even I could of course clean it off at that point. But nevertheless, and then I found out that everybody in the world out there just about has had the same thing sooner or later. What's wrong with being what talking about real life? Do we have to sit here and talk about Diana? Do we have to talk about about your horse crap to please you Elizabeth? No wonder your husband's out there getting some on the side right now. That's right. No water is out there screwing around because these uptight guy damn women who are so sensitive about their rectum. She's not even sensitive about her. Rectum. You're sensitive about my rectum. I'm not a damn ass. Which I take great exception to okay. There's nothing at all disgusting about my ass. Any more than the ordnac. In fact, compare my astrophet Joseph. You'd find my ass pretty goddamn appetizing. Okay sweetheart, how do you like that? How about comparing my rectum with algalthines ass? You would say hey, your ass is pretty damn wonderful Neil. You've got the most appetizing ass in the history of human race compared to that cheeses. Now that and I wouldn't know, I would agree that's gross. That is gross. That's crossing way over the line. Oh, or like comparing with your Ron Jeremy. Rectum. Oh man. More hairpersquareants than your guy damn armpit in Italy. 1027 at 560W. So we'll get back to Elizabeth at 560WQM. All the other time. Right. No, not Bruce. Rectum. Go with that was. Come on. Elizabeth lighten up a little bit. Well, yeah, you stupid bitch. What is Ron with this woman, huh? Her husband at least has got good taste that was her being the one exception. I guess everybody makes a mistake in total of these one. But I have just crossed over the line and I just don't know the difference between dirty, funny, and dirty growth. There's absolutely nothing gross about things that happen to your red. Like this is real life. Okay. Sweetheart, you know, taking a fuck. Stop isn't exactly very entertaining or sanitary, but it's part of real life. Okay. People get diarrhea. People get constipated. That's the way God works. Okay. You're God. If it were up to... I would never let those things happen. If I would have invented all of this crap, I'd have never would have allowed a diarrhea. In fact, I have said before, there'd be like a little button you push on your side and there'd be like, very, you know, an accepted. All the waste matter would just like kind of vanish. Sure. And that would be it. Instead of these growth tests, disgusting things that we have to do to eliminate. That's your God and better. That don't play me for Elizabeth. Planned God for inventing all this swirl for screaming bloody oozing stools like Roy Foster is still battling with over there. Correct. There was a bad experience with the Atkins died. By the way, speaking of the Atkins die, I fat you'd wreck a lot of beer, and I went to the Emo coast yesterday. Okay. And we didn't gain any weight back, but we're still right there hanging in, we're okay. We're slow. We're slow, but we're not gaining back that's something. Huh? I went to the Emo coast yesterday. It was so good. It's always great. But was really good was the dessert bar? Well, I figured as long as I'm going to go there, I might as well have three trips to the dessert bar, because I had very, very little. I figured Every little and go get desserts. You're fling it a little bit. Why not have a fling? Probably not really too good for my bruised back going. Nevertheless, they had these little, they're like little puck balls covered with chocolate. I don't know what you would call them. I don't know. They're like little pieces of chocolate. They're almost like, um, it clears, you know, like cream puffs, but they're not. And just drizzle with loads of chocolate on the outside. They had chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate covered bananas. Oh, and they have these little tiny chocolate cups that are filled with like a strawberry cream in the chocolate and the cup is like an edible, dried tomato chocolate. Oh, my God. Thank you so much, my friends at the Emo coast for a great meal, and keep in me ice and fat. How do you like that Elizabeth? I'm not going to sit here and lie and make up a bunch of stories that I'm whole year the now, but are in everybody else at law 600 pounds over the weekend? The American public is so goddamn uptight with everything, whether it has to do with sex or with their body or with the elimination, no matter what it is, oh, it's gross. Everything is dirty. They so dirty, baby. dirty words. Oh, yeah, you can't say that. Unless, of course, you were a jack. We saw Mark McWargette called on on strikes and go into that big argument. And you can hear the words clear as a bell on the background. They're the F-word. It's worth any word in the sum, but if you're a jack then it's okay. Right, Mad Dog? Yeah! Here's a mobile and pump and oh, hello. Hey, did you watch the back of your voice yesterday on TV? No, he denied, didn't know they were on. They say, oh, ugly though. How can you hear that? Well, it's okay. And we look here with the argument. They're not electere music. How do you like that, Woody? I like their music. Get it? They are ugly. And I haven't I told you that for a long time. George don't believe me that I like their music, but I do. Two open lines in date, two unbrowered. It's going to be a rough day. Maybe kids back to school. I told you this is going to be the worst day of the year, but nevertheless we'll get through it and at the end of the summer. Maybe not in the calendar, but as far as for our purposes, we made it. We made it through. I want to hear from some women today who are turned off or discussed it or not about hearing about my bruised, rectum. And about pooping my pants and other things that have to do with real life experiences. Okay. They're embarrassing, but nevertheless, what the hell's wrong? Do we have to this? Everything we have to put on an act. Some kind of phony veneer to appeal the women out there. Is that what Elizabeth has told me that we have to have a separate set of standards because women don't fart and they don't pick their nose and they certainly don't have any rectal problems? Jesus, Elizabeth, lighten up a little bit. I'm so disgusting. I just don't know where. That's why we have all these people listening. I guess because I'm disgusting. Is that what the reason is? Oh yeah. You're the one that's disgusting Elizabeth. You're my whole goddamn week. It'll actually you made my week. That was down 74th. And Bill Gates, what did they show him Bill Gates? And we don't want to see his ugly post. What's he worth? 75 billion this week. And we got to see him and everybody else is worried about what they're going to have $10 left at the end of the week. We got to see this big damn Bill Gates. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. And, listen, you want to be a millionaire? You start your own infocommercial. Yeah. They got that juice been on there that under your own... The juice he made, yeah. Actually, that guy's only 45, you know, the one who looks like 110. I think he's got a lot of, for too much, too much banana juice. And then you have that a lady in all of the commercial? Yeah. They got a cross idea. They got that a, a cork of guys he's going to court farming. I'll tell you one thing. Now, Sunday until about till any kind of ball games come on, it's all that's on. Every channel on TV is infomercials in cartoons all morning on Sunday all early afternoon, just one after now. They got 50,000 diets. Now they got the Hawaiian diet. The Rumpton and the El... Everything that's ever been invented is they pedal around Sunday on television. Nobody can crap. Stuff that. Right. That's right. They got that McCorkill guy up in charges. Oh. Who? McCorkill? He's finally going to court now. You know the guy that was a bus boy. And a stripper and then he was a millionaire. You know, he stayed so that stuff had to and Nick Mann come on there and all the mother guys come on there. You know, real estate, you buy this hit and you're being millionaire? Right. He's finally big. He's gone. It's about time for Kuanau Lala. Let's put all these figures in the slamer. They got a PTR definitely barely though. So he might get out. Yeah, he did that or he'll get plenty to drink. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Two open lines in date one in Broward 560, 50560, on a 18T wireless line. The Dow Jones industrial average down 88, the NASDAQ down 43. I'll keep you posted all day long because you want to know anybody with a brain out there wants to know. And by the way, the GE that I sold at 90 last week that people say boy, sounds like he's panicking. It's not 83 and something right now. Oh, thank God. That's right. Thank God you finally did something right, Fatsau. Because you are gross and disgusting and a dirty old man and nobody in a right mind wants to hear about your brew. I'm going to say it again. I don't care what anybody says. I thought that was a courageous act, especially for some fact like me to come on here in the admit to it. Okay. I mean, so you have a brew's directives. That like the end of the world. No. Is that my, I did something bad and evil and awful? No. I'm going to go just to one of those things that goes with the territory. It's part of life. It's part of real life that you're too much of an emotional cripple, a Elizabeth and pepper pines to deal with real life. You want fantasy. You probably watch Yuri Springer then you turn around and watch Oprah on there and you even probably watch that goddamn forgiven forget because you can't deal with real life. You want you on honey coated syrup on it. So you have to watch, you know, professional wrestling on Jerry Springer and then you have to turn around and watch those pastel background. That always is the giveaway. I know shows all those got him syndicated shows the pastel background. Oh, and by the way, magic says that, uh, yeah, he says it was the, I'll get to that in a minute. Do you see this thing about magic? Making excuses. Now why the show bombed it about five. Maybe it was like a talent. You ever think about that magic? No. Funny what it was because Elizabeth in, uh, pepper pines, she not only doesn't Farts. You don't have no rectal problem. She doesn't have low enough. She's just very antiseptic and not an uptight bitch. You want us to know. Great letter Elizabeth. Thank you so much. And I know you're listening right now. 1045 at 560 WQM. We got the hopper from Shulos. Hanklby there from 2 to 6 to 7. No, we got Donnie B. Pock and baseball from 6 to 6 30. We got the books around the pregame show and then. Oh, man. We got the cardinals at the P.P. Park in a Marlins. Does anybody care about the Marlins? No. Is there any good? But it going to be there. Here's the two crabs about them. Oh, no. But they're all going to be there to see big Mac trifre number 56. It's unbelievable. Sammy hits 54 yesterday and I was lucky enough to see both of them. By the way, and I'm watching last night and here's McGuire. And of course Dennis Martinez grooves him a lolly pot. Nice pitch there. Dennis, you silly old fart grooves him a lolly pop and as soon as I saw the location of the pitch and as soon as I saw McGuire starts this wing, I said to myself, that's going about five million feet and went like, uh, ton both gigantic. That did not just hitting home runs, but gigantic tape measure home runs enormous hysterical greatest thing that's happened in sports in a long time, whether deep or like it or not. Sorry, push. So magic Johnson on TV for a nano second as a talk show host that says, Lame's the tanking of his dismal show on black alice alleged who avoided the show like the plague. We all have to support each other and we don't do that. Says magic. Black stars think that if they're not on Leno or Letteman, they're not making up the airspass football set in the online interview posted Friday at the Electronic Urban Report website. That's right. It's a racial thing. That's right. It's a racial thing. It doesn't show it in Bob because he don't belong on a year. I don't give a shit anymore. But because the us, the top of black names in show is wouldn't appear on there. Their managers at agents keep them off black shows. That's your major promises. Leave it to a magic Johnson. A man would know what talent whatsoever except to use to play basketball and what to Michigan State, but other than that. And this guy's blaming a trend into a racial thing. It's unbelievable. I don't give a shit. Every damn thing in the world is a racial thing. We have an open line and day two and Broward 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18th to wireless line. Get a lot of women calling in there today. Not get a lot of response about hearing about my bruised rectum. How disgusting in protests that was. All right. Let me say it again. I thought it was an active tremendous personal courage on my part. Maybe like one step away from coming out of the closet. Speaking of coming out of the closet, by the way, where the hell is it? I got so much crappier today because I knew I know what it was going to be today. Worst day of my life. So normal can't write a letter to the editor in a son's sentinel. Normal is very upset because of the coverage on the big parade they had in front of the Corridor Presbyterian Church a week ago Saturday. And crafty coverage buried on page 3b and more than 1500 people were there and your coverage was weak on substantial lacking in depth or perception. But I'm not sure about this. This was an unprecedented and extraordinarily a newsworthy event that you did not properly share with the public's normal can in forlaterdale. And I guess to try to pass if I am on the op-ed page today in a son's sentinel the whole guy damn page is filled with a bunch of her gays this. In fact, that and those people in the choice it's not a choice and all this other. I mean 4,000 letters to the editor and 50,000 articles, poll and cotton and be and you know something I don't give a crap about any of it. Because this being America I just throw my hands up here and say, you know what if it's a problem then it's your problem because it's not going to be my problem. If you're too immature to deal with it, the fact that there are people who are straight and people are buying people that are gay like all over the world, then hey that's your problem okay? Maybe you ought to move to some of those repressive countries like in the third world where they like chop off people's head for like do a adultery in the homosexuality and any other guy damn thing or chop off their hands if they're caught masturbating anything like that. There you go maybe some of you people belong, some of the people writing these articles and letters belong in those countries. I don't have time to waste. If you don't like it, too bad, just like a loser but if you don't like my discussing my rectal bruise, then go away and have a nice life. Go listen to Sandy Payton okay, talk about her days with ambition. Oh my god it's getting a little warm in here again. What I was like pumping in the poison gas again, the last couple of weeks I've noticed that Greg Reed comes down makes a cameo appearance, runs out here like crazy and then about two minutes later the poison gas starts seeping in here. Here's a lady in Miami Beach hello. Hi Neil. Yes man. Hi my name is Jerry. I want your tickets, your club tickets to the Dolphin Packer game. So I just want to thank you for your generosity. You know what? Oh very much so. In fact my husband's disabled man on a wheelchair so we couldn't sit in your seats and they put us up in a suite and they treated us like royal safe. Oh how about that? So that was great. We really enjoyed that. I also enjoyed hearing about your rectal problem. Well why don't you know. So I don't know. It's pretty entertaining here about people's bruise as long as it's not something serious and depressing. Well I mean it provides insight to all of us. We may have that problem sometimes. That's exactly the point. Don't panic if you have a bruised rectum. That's a lesson that everybody can learn and as a little bit but she's all better to shape and take it into seriously. By the way I tuned in a little early this morning so I wouldn't miss your show and that's for show really sucks. Oh the guilty. I mean guilty. I can't even concentrate while I'm Joe in the D4 saying all of a D4 case why bother but but the guilty is so annoying and every morning I pull up here outside and I got to turn the radio and go to turn it off and as I take the CD out of course this radio comes back on and I hear that guilty voice and I'm saying to myself why am I other than the money why am I even going inside that building because how can they possibly put this butts on the ear? How can he be on there? And how can anybody be listening to it? That's the amazing part. I think Joe and D4 should get in the ward. Some kind of extra special talk about a employee of the month they should get employee of the century for having him on a show and still getting somebody listening. Well they act like they're trying to be funny as something that it just don't cut it. Well that's fortunate a lot of grab ass. Anyway thanks for your generosity. Okay have a great day. Bye bye. Okay there's the lady who's not been out of shape about my bruised rectum but of course she got some pretty tickets so that might paint her view a little bit. You think so? Of course. We have an open line in date two and a broad five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line so magic went off the ear because of racism because the managers and the other hot shots wouldn't let the top black he had airy top name guest in the world on that show. And it's still couldn't get an audience and everybody new from the day it started he was gonna go off because he's a guy named Baskitball player not because of racism okay magic you pathetic puts. Here's a lady mobile and poppin oh hello. Hi Neo. Yes ma'am. Oh I love to hear about your rectum. There you go. Reck him. I mean I'm a nurse and I felt HIV medication. I'm kind of a different breed anyway but I live here you talk about your great well I'm gonna talk about a lot more that will keep Elizabeth listening I know that she's she's hanging on it right now. Uh they say you talked about your little accident in the car. I could even get the car and work I just sat here and laughed. Yeah well happened to the worst of us. Well I think it's best you just keep talking about it okay. We don't have a great thing. Thank you but he. She wants to hear me talk about my rectum. You're like that. There's a lady that's not up tight. That's got a sense of humor. This bitch that writes in letter well you know it didn't know the difference between dirty funny and dirty gross. Since you watched on TV I got to see your facial expression and got to understand that you're goofing. Oh gee it's just a radio show that way you try what a concept Elizabeth just a guy damn radio show. There are people out there see there are those people who want to be offended. They want to take things seriously. They want to get all bent out of shape. They want to be incense. If you want to be incense Elizabeth just get in your car and drive 10 blocks anywhere in this town you'll be incense in no time. Probably within the first 30 seconds you'll be incense pissed off and fired up at these idiots out there. You'll be forming at them out. But this is just a guy damn radio show okay we're here to entertain educate a little bit especially about rude rectums you know which people don't know too much about. But this broad is taking it seriously and then you combine that with buddy but packs and tell all these lies a good board again Christian like buddy but packs and it's enough to make you lose faith in the whole goddamn human race and then you come pound it with the fact that the dow is not down 98 and a third point and then as the x down 52 points which is a major calamitous number at this moment it's quite of the fact that all these experts this morning were hockin us a chanel but I beat but I'm giving us a big song to dance like a pepper alley because if we were to know of course you know they don't have a crystal ball but why do they have to feel like cheerleaders out there why can't they just be reporters why can't they just tell us what's going on instead of trying to abuse skiers because then I guess they figured they would have told us what's really going on at 930 this morning everybody and their brother would have on our phone with a broker selling madly and screaming and now we'd be down 500 points instead of just a measly 98 we can go for about 250 that I think here's a mobile in poppin o hello hello yes sir hey me I don't okay I'm at home for 20 miles on my but it would work that and I'll tell you I'm a first time call on the literature for a long time and I really enjoy your show all right what I want to tell a professional fight by the paramedic in poppin scouting and I have my own talk radio show and I want to invite you to come on my show no thanks okay we have two open lines in date what so hey he's got some show on pop beach county wants to invite me to come on his show like I need the audience from whatever I have no idea and couldn't care less next i'll be inviting me to go on to the USR after beyond jackmark show on there two open lines in date in two and browner five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line 10 54 at five sixty w q a m right there it's all cages hold it's all his fault five six seven we're going to have any more calls today is that it we've got to the market for today okay nice being with you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line that's the end of the show as we know it right there because they're all on the forwarder stock broker a o i a a o well somebody was coming yesterday I should hop on at this morning it's down seven again taking a big dump so while you experts out there it's like looking really grim in slim i don't want to be the voice to do them i'm just passing this information along because in a lot of you aren't near a TV set a lot of you got a 10 20 30 bucks invested somewhere you want to keep a breast of what's going on so we're gonna have no calls today is that the new deal we're gonna have to play music from now until to a clock three solid hours of music today Luis Miguel the back street boys and Rica Eglaci's maybe a little uh something W q a m hello you god yes what's up sir nothing at all sir this is uh like i said when i said it was going to be the worst day of my life little did i know uh Monday's always like that you like this is a special Monday meal all that doom and gloom and rush uh guess what the news is out on Mexico all the be is a dollar we loaned them then ask whites excuse my language um they're not gonna pay because they have the money yeah all those bonds they're gonna raise to pay back the money to us all those figures all by the way why didn't parliament rejects turn a maiden as a prime minister so the Russians can't get their acting other they said then yet it's been a real all of us already one time and screwed it all up so they said we don't think so no thank you and Bubba's going over there just at the worst possible time lady in Miami but it is that's another excuse for these bastards five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line any takers today no feel like a goddamn auctioneer who are auctioning off phone lines here's a mobile implantation hello hello Neil yes sir yeah David uh my soapbox here in Broward County is the election for tomorrow uh school board yeah well we don't care okay okay we have a two overlines a day no serious I'd rather talk to myself all day than hear about the guy named local elections is anybody care about that oh I know it's very important you gotta go out and vote to you anybody care no okay that'll be if we got anybody at all listening right now believe me when i tell you we're going to start talking about that David with all the respect there will be nobody listening by 11 30 okay was that a baby the kj hit there was that his baby yeah with that big bass face oh i'm sorry open line and they well all babies are babies you know when people run around showing their baby pictures oh and they cute it looks like a baby to me oh yeah such a bastard looks like a baby okay babies are quite frankly almost all of them ugly thank if everybody that uh looked as an adult like they do like a baby man oh man with this being ugly we're all are like me and fat Joe oh don't a thought that is here's a dear field beach hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir um that whole story with magic yeah what is what is what is first i mean what do you want what be go over to come on there and give him some hi rations he had every top name editor tanner in the in show biz every athlete everybody was ever been born on there they were promoting their hell out of all the big name guest owner had nothing to do with the gift of all of this guy's a god damn dumb extra i'm having a good time i'm having a little care if you're having a good time because the audience is blowing their brains out that's exactly right he was horrible the guy did not speak right i think you're nitpicking now you know stick to dribble in the back right maybe dribbling down there's chin but not to do when a god damn tv talk show that's right and closing there's no back the channel seven news okay uh oh baby they are out of control they're insane a channel seven fact channel seven news is an oxy moron we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line well that letter from alusabeth i thought that would listen lots of respawn now with us crowd does anything listen lots of respawn no except prebies which guess what i'm not giving them and you know all my dolphin tickets and those parking passes for the entire season i already gave them the somebody so you're not giving them all gone sorry haha they're all gone that's right gave to a friend of mine who's going to give them to some of his clients and to put him to good use instead of turning the show into free loading uh four hours every day it's terminal it's boring and it's uh killer and that one lady it called before uh at least she was nice enough to call and thank me which very rarely happens by the way they're very quick to take and George gets that stuff out in a heartbeat where else they come up here and they pick it up within five seconds and after that we never hear from again except the guy that time on iod that we give the trip to vagus two and then he called the Hank on this wha hank was on this station at the time we run iod calls Hank on this station to thank him for to tell him what a great time he had never forget that as long as i live and he has called us since then to try to walk back out of that sir you have destroyed years of my life Russell was that his name oh yeah by the way the Russell's not doing too good today either where we gone to a parkland hello hey i got a word for Elizabeth yeah yeah he don't work okay beauty that's exactly what he said two by the way funny but he bought packs he said go you're so yeah he was talking about those god dang Italians and all of a sudden but i'll beat by the boat but about the i'm telling you this man is such a phony and these people in the media they keep writing these big gigantic glowing articles and he's done this and he's a stockmys dude he made a lot of money doing it which i'll give him credit for that but he's the the cap of the the expert of slok keep off my grass yeah keep off my ass it's the it's the cap we found and you were promoting this product yeah you said you used it in the work okay thank you okay we have two overlives in day five six seven oh five sixty five fifty on the 18 people here's bulker hello hello another ten of my wood i wouldn't wish my dog would want to listen to him oh right my dogs are fading even though i'm just a peep rating so it's a payment on and there's a fading from a job with me no collector but a convales one fourteen and five sixty w come everybody stay calm just like me okay there's a lady in north money beach hello yes man hi how are you i'm okay i thought compelled to call you today because you keep screaming my name Elizabeth yeah but you're not dealers about no thank god i'm completely out of it i want to hear all your rectal profit yeah what's wrong with having a bruised rectum i mean is that a big deal is it maybe a little bit embarrassing but uh yeah i think she's so gross out by that maybe it hit home for it hit something rectum but as a woman who push out of the deal hard as to me i think women in the late yeah from pushing out of kidding i mean you never the same again right and you generally women have bad hemorrhage like right after they give birth oh my god they don't go away that's there you go so whenever you talk about it you know it makes me feel better i'm not the only one she's probably a bulldoche yeah oh what's been the name is probably Sally okay but or Janet yeah maybe hey Sally can't do it but anyway but anyway i just i listened to you every day and i always want to call but i really have nothing to say other than like i know you're keeping pocket on me all day long today okay Elizabeth okay can i read thing can i say one more thing yes my sister Jennifer is a media buying dresser okay thank you see yeah bye bye come by us Jennifer okay we can use all the case we can get in fact i saw the way in this morning i'm gonna wait up the elevator remember the way our sales manager that you're having a meeting with her and uh what's his name a three to Marlotte i won't mention his name on here anymore scan and she said man business is through the roof and thanks for the great ratings and but i beat but i'm not saying she said leashie's one of those people i can't say too much for but i'll say that's at least she's one of those people waxed grateful that i came over here and i got him these great ratings they were able to sell it they got money coming in deep inside their vacuum you know even though they didn't want to spend it thanks a lot lewant thank god for you at least okay and then Greg came down the evacities had a couple of good shows last we can give me that kind of look like it's about time whatever the whole admin and uh comes down i don't know i don't know how he can look you in the face that's so he must know what a pussy really are he must know that i thought everybody did because his general tactic is avoidance that's his whole uh you know approach the life avoiding on the phone avoiding like in person he always goes in the hiding all the time but in your case he goes right in there looks you in the post and comes in in jokes around and uh knows that you won't ask where it's my guide damn bonus money just wait for liberty i mean it's only it's only the 31st of August oh yeah i'm sure next i'm sure next uh Monday when you're here oh you're gonna be really ripping out on a Greg read i want a lot of spy reports about that poison girls they hear how George really pushed up on a year there's a payphone and plantation hello oh yes sir uh pulled over my paper on a payphone he'll be yeah i get a question i wasn't sure if you've been getting your mail yet or not but i just don't worry sir it's still trickling very slow very trickle very slow i moved from time to the same uh the code as you did so we're dealing with the same mail at uh half-hole my former uh yeah the former just come here private box to whatever anyway uh it took me 30 days okay before i i'm winning a new somebody winning now i was all every day where's my mail where's my mail i had to go back to my old pretty far as living it did my mail from the people they were living in my house there were still the liberty here there's still the liberty at that so i call every day over and over again finally i know and find the mail it's not if you don't play it's not at the new play it's just go down for another 20 days finally i yell at the finally get some supervisor and i'm like where's my mail because what we can find it and i normally get like 20 pieces of mail today i only on business like right this is the mail too i don't know how much money i'm gonna get right so on some i bit it or i have to as this you guys thought i need my mail i might mail i'm receiving like a $5,000 return check that was coming back to me why why my money so i was on the next day this i call her up on a Friday yell at her day today morning i get a knock on the door it's a Friday with a big box with all my calls they couldn't find it and then they didn't have anybody deliver it so they had Friday to bring the all my mail and a big box well they couldn't find it how the better it's given the layman's win look for it and found it instead of having one of her people come over they had fed that's great at least that way you want them getting it yeah great only about 30 30 days late today is the 31st of August in case you haven't checked i said in my thing on the 7th of August my change of address i handed the right to the postman 24 days ago that's 3 and a half weeks i still say about 40 percent of my mail nowhere to be found at least 40 percent nowhere to be found yet well i think i'd really like to suck up and i promise to get mail to my house because i am getting my mail now well i should put you in the better with my girl sucks all right hang on huh that's a little change of distance just a little bit i got a couple of them left there and that's it and then after that it'll be at the end of the show boy you're sure milked it thanks very much to the anonymous person sent us all those videos by the way it must have had a psychic premonition that it was gonna be a really well i kept telling you man i kept telling you i was dreading this day this was d-day this was the turning point all of our lives does anybody believe that? of course not sound good that was down 128 and a half the last decade down 80 points all those people out there with their compact you with their dealt with their a-o-l with their uh micro soft with their micro hard oh baby i sure hope you've bonded that stuff when it was real real real cheap because if you got it on a high end when all this stuff was way to hell up there you are really i don't want to get you depressed you have buy a-o-l my big fat pimple-i-s okay i'd sit back and i'd wait for a few weeks i'd wait for a couple of months i'd wait for all the fruit of fly i'd wait for after the uh after the mushroom car start to clear it up a little bit and then i'd say okay now we'll see what's going on turn on c and bc see if any of those people are still alive here's my mulex hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing okay on the Dominican listener from my republican Dominican or homo-sami sosa he's saying you're all right and elixir would read this no he's not from there he's from her but he's pretty good from there he happened to have half an half listen uh enjoy your show at night you only suggest that i have it why don't they extend it more than a half an hour we didn't have a more than a half hour on sunday and i've chopped this up for that redneck bobby boundless night boy did that frost my fat ass bobby bound one of the most obnoxious one of the most predictable one of the most disgusting egotistical little saw jesus redneck um because you can always move into the ex magic hour which really sucked i never saw it you know what we start doing something that makes sense why don't they stop repeating that stupid nine o'clock thing with a news put it out at seven o'clock it into a fine job leave it on there at seven or put them on life for a whole hour from seven to eight and then move the other stuff up a while and give us a full hour on the rain and erupted and see what they'll happen and that's been bet that's from nine to twelve and to sales more why don't they have you guys in the mall advertising your own show or something yeah god forbid that would be interesting anyways on a parting shot i guess i'm not much what i'll do but yes sir uh i'm so far as a nine nine bond okay good luck to be okay Sammy so soon got nice buns oh my god we haven't no one's been fight out back in his homeland that'll be the end of him two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a tempered pines hello hello Neil just is this you yes hi are you doing hey you want to have a drink the one time yeah that rye breaking with that ball sputting yeah good okay we have an open line day one in brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line another god but lots of good material for it there there you go they showed a day is like a mirror image of this time on this particular day thank god we're turning the page on a calendar none too soon there's a mobile and hotwood hello are you doing Neil okay sir um oh weekend yeah um went up with my girl I think everybody in this town had a whole weekend yeah tell me about it we went up for uh wedding in New York had a stay in a holiday in Long Island to get the hotel had no water in the pool forget that there was no hot tub when they said there was forget that you couldn't have dinner or room service or go get a drink because they had the nightclub and rest book counts to some reception for a christening and all these people are able to have a more but um her parents were there as well from Indiana so we're in one room there on the other we're dead tired about to get the plane the next day and what comes out the next room is one of the pornoes coming off of the page channel it's it's nothing more continuous stomach than thinking of 270 year old people going at it in the next room oh god oh wonderful we can do no and this is about 130 tomorrow so we got up got in the car and drove down to eye hop and stayed there for about two hours hoping that the moon was probably the only place though the only thing that could happen in the world I would make me good eye hop I mean that was you know it's something really gross in the disgusting if it makes you want to go to eye hop and that's not that I have was anything over it was it was I mean that was a welcome time after that but um so you know and then of course the next day the only thing that they want to do was go to that you're liberty and I'm like listen we got to be at the airport at two o'clock you go from Long Island okay all of a sudden ready had a good time okay we have an open line in date one Broward 560 pump I've 60 on a mobile one line I knew there was an end of the story but I guess it didn't come soon enough here's a lady in Kendall hello okay thank you it's Ken blocking his wife for whatever it hell she is oh that's his boyfriend what yeah oh he doesn't have a wife you know 560 pump I've 60 on a mobile one maybe if he ever took a bath and if he has straight enough self-hub a little bit he might get to something brushed his teeth oh geez here's a more even the guy with the I city wouldn't do him here's a mobile and North Miami Beach hello hello yes sir hey near okay thank you we have an open line in Broward and one of your people 567560 a lot of potty mout potty mout sticks out there today get some chloroxin wash your pushout to okay when you're finished doing it wash out your mouth here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir yeah I thought I heard that over the radio and all the new dawn on the it's on the phone see that's a little bonus for you there sir right I'm a little human swear or I'll write over the phone talking about but hole and this is an honest-to-guide story hurricane Andrew act literally saved my ass and I had I put it today and after the hurricane because they're house is destroyed yeah and I use that now and I have no problems with the right thank you okay there you go you're right about that but a judge thank you very much sir but day a day keeps the apricotologist away we have an open line in the QAL a little bit quite the fact my family my family my family grow my extra we we you only have one movie time oh mommy oh I don't know you're only supposed to have one is daddy the for him no he has to release no son he only has one believe me mommy no now he has two two yeah a little one he's with and a great big one he brushes the baby setters take with okay 130 and 560 WQM happy a Monday to it and it's almost over all thank god thank god this day is almost over all I can say is wow seems like I sat down here only what 40 50 hours ago we have two open lines in date of course 560 50 50 60 on a mobile one line so we only have two of these adult videos that mysteriously came in at unmarked box anybody out there got an unmarked box one is called Lesbian tongue latching how come mom I thought that was the big thing with all you straight asshole I mean all you a heterosexual guy and the other one of course is something that you were very big at the butcher shop feet your meat in my face why what's wrong with that five six oh me a six five six seven that's right you got a pounded like real love them hey you can't have your pudding if you don't five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a hollywood hello hollywood hello yes sir you know this is Mario oh you're an hollywood yes what do you think about the Jewish the only one that's written for the sheriff in really county I have I don't pay any attention I don't know who that is I couldn't care less okay sorry okay two open lines in date one in front I guess nobody wants these two let's put a moist seven for somebody seven for the butcher five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Markman where has got 55 70 so he's got 64 anybody in the audience care no of course not hockey season any day now anybody care no we got the market going hell on a handbag get anybody care no watches on a virgin like total collapse anybody concerned about that no Bob is on his way to side area no okay just checking just want to find out what it is that's how four does all work up about here is a Cooper city hello hey Neil yes sir uh long time listener you mentioned before guilty yeah I had the call when I heard that because that's the the same way what about that guy Joe you make me nauseous every time I hear him on the on the radio okay then don't listen that's my best suggestion for sir two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a Hollywood okay thank you excellent how long do you wait for that date county so if in five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil my Jason just like the market has today yeah woke up great mood among vacation my hemorrhally decided the market was crashing but I've got nobody in the market I got to have a drink just like the bar Rick Sanchez my postman yeah he looked real on easy for I always short day they had enough of the other day yeah get that for the lead huh well I do it I get my car he goes to my house to deliver my mail he wasn't done he was party in the middle of the day okay thank you okay we have two over lines in day one in Broward five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a this I'm gonna tell you this to me today has been very revealing okay because this business of our Monday has always been as you the fact is that these people are gotten no material this town isn't just dying this town is completely dead it's the O.A. get the goddamn certificate the deaths certificate get out I'll be signing okay Dr. Neil and Dr. Kivorky and mobile signet you couldn't fight a goddamn pulse in this town if your life's dependent on it man oh man oh shit it these are the most pathetic group of losers I have ever heard in my life have you ever heard anything like this oh never in 40,000 years of doing it I have never markets on one 35 by the way on the doubt 82 points on the Resdeck I just keep mentioning this because the real people out there got a few bucks invested somewhere work for a hundred years to try to make a bucket to plan on retiring sometime in the near future and now those of us who've been thinking about those things have gotten like an oosie right next to our goddamn temple right now anybody got an oosie in their temple and the orphan acts by the way say don't call it a temple here's a pop an o hello yes sir Neil how you doing okay hey it's almost over buddy thank god so you ever heard such a bunch of pathetic people at they can't even make up good stories today they're even the stories are boring well last time I almost got through in the couple what have gotten yeah the guy before me couple couple couple of what yeah a couple of good remarks that I'm a couple I've never knew you could hear the other guy uh on the phone yeah you can hear that okay let's go to a mobile in for a lot of Dale hello Neil yes sir good afternoon sir okay it's one thirty four and I'm still waiting for the first call of the yes sir well I'm gonna I'm gonna get what's at the point I'm gonna be throw on the bush can I fuck up for one of those dirty movies no see dirty movies no but we will give you a little bit of a ton number and pepper pines and red dress and shoe size dirty movies okay see this is America for you if there's sex in it it must be dirty everything connected with sex is dirty everything connected with the body is dirty if some of you people would bathe like on a monthly basis maybe one feels so dirty about the human body I mean good god almighty what are we talking about over here dirty movies sir you sound like about a fact he probably watches whammy because he sounds like he about a four-year-old mentality probably watches those cartoons all day long that's a way to get it you want to guarantee on TV put out a bunch of cartoons and old the reruns you know fairly hillbillies all that crap that passions put on doctor Quinn father-delling mysteries all that crap guaranteed every trader park in a miracle have that crap on and every little punk he can't have the TV set locked up every hour that those cartoons are on put on spider-man on a station that even a not even on the area they still got a four-year there's not even a signal coming over the TV say it but if you tell a kid spider-man's on here on channel 110 there he's watching it 12 those little girls on here that some punky little rock group will be on there somebody like Manuto what what's that new was that Manuto junior or something yeah the back street boys no not the back street see there you go again by the way you'll enjoy the best of meal next Monday from 10 to 2 the back street boys in Manuto man you are just relentless on unyielding and your taste is in your touch I think Elizabeth might have been maybe she missed address the letter here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir I just hope you and I I really enjoy your your humor but what I find more interesting is the simple fact that you really really do talk about the things that do matter in our world today no one seems to care about them whether it be the marker or what's going on in Russia and I find a very refreshing actually you're trying to refresh you want to nobody cares about no I was nine points a well not a lecture over 87 america online that people were trying to tell me I should buy yesterday at ninety six in a fraction now you have to wait and what else you know that's the wait for one yes with a crash after wait for your your dad to show you how the prices are too that was quite funny okay thank you okay we have an open line in days five said who are these people who are these people they sound like voices coming out of a very boring computers but they all sound the same they sound like the same people with absolutely no personality none zero zimitidoo dot bland 23 till two at five sixty w q i'm gonna tell you something I'm hitting for fish food today what what he's shaking your head about I am going to be doing fish food not just a pint I'm not just a half gallon I'm going to my public and if they got a hundred of my buying whatever they got every single one of them I'm locking myself in my computer room I'm turning on the goddamn internet that's right I'm going to the to the stock market thing and then instead of putting the gun to my head I'm just going to eat fish food mmm I don't want to wait to go you really believe I'm going to eat fish food today are you crazy one I shouldn't have that goddamn lunch I told you what did I say to him you're a witness I said don't ever even ask me again don't ever ask me again and then when the stuff came in I said well what is it assuming that maybe it was like I thought it was pizza so I thought I had like the topping from one or two slices oh well I got you just just to get and of course I eat the whole goddamn thing don't ever ask me again asshole this is a goddamn radio station not a freaking restaurant if if if you if you if I wouldn't have eaten the meal in last year since we've been here last eight months on this radio said if I wouldn't have eaten any of the food that I eat here during the show every day how much less weight do you think I'd have huh how much don't me so pounds none you're full of crap you need ice cream on the way home no I don't stop at the station and no I do not I do not well what difference does it make what I eat on the way home if I didn't eat what I'm eating here what difference would that make subtracted me through that meat near I probably weigh about 130 pounds and I'd have to eat ice cream on the way home just to get back up to my normal weight I said to this man do not even ask me are you eating it it's the first thing he says every guy they're more are you eating today was there idea nothing I want to play make it all a lot I don't be grudge then they're in here for a million hours I don't be grudge anybody else but who's idea Brad so doing you want some of the pretty adjusting case and we're okay something nice and I can that asshole Brad over at Tony's I'll tell you one thing that food starting to back at you a little bit now that's just a joke Brad you're okay just don't do it again asshole 21 before 2 it see they can't stop they can't stop leave me alone with your food already I got to put up with the stress from an audience man this is an unbelievable bunch of dunderheads today if I've talked to three people today who had a personality more than one an ASK of five was a major miracle what's going on up there in the hallway they paint grab ass with me cover again Jesus can't you guys see anything even I'm very about Shelley wouldn't touch 21 till 2 at 5 6 28 out. Really you love my jockey shirt come rads as your warhead been lying born in if you only think rising in your life the price of meat then you need to come to Gorby's house of penis broker mask out first take it in house of pleasure who say to me Miguel when you will leave or have the country I could not get bread will hear at Gorby's house of penis broker I've got things that will really make your door eyes come in this week good deals and then one ball ski in both ski and much much more ski or check out our top spasky crime and punishment room you won't be sorry or maybe you will or end up loosey movie like last hangar in his don't ya and look for a sister shop opening soon in china german wang's house of who remember come rads Gorby's house of penis broker come soon and come often 143 at 5 60 w q a m here's a mobile in del Rey b chilo deal yes sir tell up you need a movie yeah likely story okay good calcer we have an open line in day one in brown at 5 6 7 5 60 part by 60 on a mobile one line here's Hollywood hello deal yes sir hey normally wouldn't call you this but I have a ceiling that you you have your head into the maguire and so such thing a little bit of a right what do you mean by that well I have my head in what well it sounds like you have a little care about I know you like hockey but normally you don't talk much about baseball I like plenty of baseball just that I'm not a big baseball fan anymore but this trend sends me an advantage a special thing well you don't there's something that I haven't heard a lot of talk but I know that it's maguire might get one denied or it's also could hit two yeah either one I'm will break the all time nationally record today and the funny thing is you know they always say that America's an Astrid expires name but aguire has got 18 games to hit six to break the well wait a bit of what's the nationally record I thought hack will snap the six yeah 56 yeah and well the the main thing I always consider they bruised you know 154 games 60 was insurmountable but that's where both these guys have a good shot to break it in 54 and what about Roger Merris do we leave him out okay thank you sir I guess Roger Merris don't count oh I see what he's saying and to do it in 154 games I don't care about the number of games it doesn't mean anything because you know you're comparing two different errors anyway you got all this expansion not all these horsecraft pictures look at a marlin pitching staff please if you have a strong stomach people are not not want to understand that they keep talking about well it's the and Rosa the andro he's taken it's the this it's a bunch of bookcraft it's a lot of minor league pictures out there that's a big part that's why all the everybody in their brothers got 30 home runs this year but that's okay don't try to diminish it by saying that it's a great thing let's squeeze on it would especially now that the world is going into a big massive depression let's at least have this something we can be a positive and excited about even if it's just a guy damn baseball thing here's a mobile and hollywood hello okay sir my condolences to you today all please this is the all time this is going in the annals of shame are you know said annals Elizabeth get upset again listen you were talking earlier about the pregnant virgin yeah did anybody call you on that and nobody is nobody has called me about anything that I've talked about here today sir I always had as a bunch of stupid little amateur comedians trying to be humorous and try to suck around and every one of them is failed isn't it possible this woman could be an artificially insensitive well let me ask you something how did Jody Foster have that baby yeah there you go ask Jan Arrino she'll tell you still happy to figure it out Broward County's open all three lines in Broward this is a gross gross moment in my life five six seven oh five sixty that's because I just mentioned Janet Row Green on Jody Foster in the same sentence oh man just stopping think that's worth it and Bishop and what's your name Sandy I don't want to say it because I don't want to get our friend Cheryl upset oh yeah she's real tight with Sandy I don't know how just how tight but a good old friend Cheryl over there that's never brought my Italian book's flat way I would love to keep you all to myself El Paso Sandy and Cheryl they were just like this boy over at the old old IOD yeah actually I'll use to say yeah you're all keeny I'll ever have some good times here but boy we sure missed those days with Bill Smith and Sandy those are the days here is Miami hello Miami I don't know yes sir what is it bugaroni oh I didn't hear the first part you got to announce you it's right in here bugaroni okay I didn't hear the book apart yom tarma I've just heard Arron here's uh Cape Coral hello hey Neil what is this yes sir hey who got Arron did uh with with the buddy but whole he kind of idiot or what I think he thought that station at report my or but no on religious programming or something oh okay thank you here's a lady mobile in Miami hello yes sir man hi me how are you okay my little bit scrambled you'll have to excuse me it's just a little scrambled now mine too I've got my gun here on my heartbeat next to me you know excellent watching the market and uh you're big dump and I can't you I know I anyway I just thought I said you that I'm here I'm listening to you I'm with you I think that's everything you say and I've been saying it since in any way I've wanted to know the thing like they told you're a Gilmore hang on everywhere okay have a great take good luck to you oh yeah have a great life we have an open line in date county five six seven oh five sixty it was no lady in five five sixty on the mobile one line was it was that under termin origin it was eleven before I look at that twelve because I lost to it now anyway let's get it over with I'm gonna do the break and I'm gonna just lay on a floor remember I like that for last ten minutes be probably get a bigger number we had the rest of this guy damn show hang go over me don't have to worry with hankers we got all the football people but I mean but about all those exhibition games baby how about my Spartans on a Saturday huh they suck same old types of so predictable man real predictable just like these colors on every Monday just predictable is the weather in Alaska football football oh yeah now we got something really a sink our teeth and do how many months do I have to put up with this that means every time I turn on the station now they're gonna be hunting and trying to put their football real season hasn't even started me and I felt and already they're hunting and trying oh yeah they really look good in preseason wow I mean press let's go watch this screaming try mobile one selling in that work is constantly now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again so I'm gonna press all the my show friends but check out before it's night to help the fan of the time yeah very nothing like having my choice for guys and voices have the cracks and stay with well here you go yeah stand up real quick to the radio and press the zone get their voices on them they're really mixed my balls they go in and I grow man real he's harder than my bread Brothers yeah yeah never got about Wednesday boy if you think today was roughly the ones did one it's 154 or five six to QM what are we gonna do with these last two what takes here for Christ's sake so you can't have them fed Joe and what do you need these for anyway for Christ's sake all the action you're getting from that chubby little nice girl friend of yours oh you're not here's a mobile in Miami hello for a meal yes sir are you doing two things I want to talk to you about first of all your guilty on the worst team this morning yeah and he's always a perfect mistake yeah I believe they're willing to trade pot fan for robbing you to pair at rent water yeah I mean and then he was saying how the fanter didn't think they're willing to part with those two guys for him the panthers don't want to give away anything they want everything in the right good player that's out there but they don't want to give anything away including direct like those two okay it's just ridiculous thing and again that's guilty sucking up two of the management again I mean it makes no sense to me what's the other hot fan is one of the best the gold tenders in the goddamn league and they expect to get him for a couple of wannabes who never shown squat exactly I mean Lucy Robbie need a mile exactly I mean one or decent but you know that's when he shows up once in a while okay he's a he know a star believe me that's true second of all I'm you get a report that uh wing high zinger body uh house and then tuck it to the fair money dollars right and more than they more empty to take the alice for nanda's fact you're out of it because of the injury if you would sell dump him you take his salary out the marlin payroll is going to be six million dollars you just bought a house for seven million yeah thank you cares about the sports fans of this town yeah thank you to the federal yeah yeah yeah well I like that I'm out of material have a great day pal see yeah here's uh corporate city hello from your i mean hello okay thank you Larry okay now the two calls I don't think we're going to be able to give these two videos away because we're out of our last two calls we got four minutes to kill here today so I guarantee what why is it it's like one of the dead is you know it's not going to be a pleasant experience but just knowing it up front doesn't make it any less painful so knowing and predicting in our articulating and even the fact that today was going to be an absolute living hell it was going to be worse than being on a lake of fire it would be worse than drowning in the middle of Geneva lake experiencing it has not been one goddamn picnic I'll tell you that even with the ants are there any other building there's a mobile in western hello hey Nikki I mean wizard yeah okay you got to a game tonight no I'm not why not because I couldn't give her crap lessons I'll watch it on TV for three dude I know you do you love I I always see you there yeah okay uh huh here's a lady in the game will show oh yes ma'am first time call you don't even know my name but he always sees me at the ballgame just man you listen there I'm kind of mind him yeah ma'am just got married to speaking once on a honeymoon had a little ceremony everything was beautiful I hook up with a friend who's PR sustainable they're not allowed to go to Jamaica not allowed it's illegal over there what's illegal two ma'am going on their honeymoon what do you mean it's illegal how they'll let anybody know they're going on their honeymoon okay try again better next time sweetheart two two game males they got married some my phony baloney ceremony and they went and wanted to go to Jamaica they couldn't go because it's illegal for Gase to go on her honeymoon yeah haha haha I think she went to she got some good stuff in Jamaica all right everybody over here wants to know if you'll share a sweetie and the are good stuff too oh my god yeah here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir I'm gonna go out there to the game tonight if you take back hits on the head through red and up post oh go ahead good luck yeah hey can I circle off for a portal sure whatever you want I'm trying to get rid of these last two what do you want to dice uh you got a free one beat your meat in my face that's an aim that okay hang on that wasn't a command that was like that's an it well that's an aim it said butcher they butcher it up okay we got like two minutes to go we got the hang of how caught I don't understand I see I am missing something here I thought all you really straight guys out there wanted to see the dice and that's not that was the big deal lesbian tongue lashing and everybody in the whole uh can we have a straight one you have straight my ass what do you have to have a guy in it for huh because they're probably married and the wife won't let them put the uh let's be in one of the she and muster some day well kick the goddamn wife out senator the goddamn sewing circle or something senator the circle jerk here's a mobile in Miami beat hello hey I Neil yes sir hey you're right today I'm making a big comeback it's only down 68 the next X 65 all that's here it go ahead from sorry okay straight hold you here Miami Beach we just doesn't enjoy uh Logan's good hang on say how you see that was you didn't even have to ask are you still there is he still there is he still there is that you what I was I on George I'm talking to him oh yeah it's almost over we got to get out of here oh I don't know what that was going on here I'm gonna go home and read my boring Diana book what kind of an idiot goes out and gets caught up in his one year after Diana high let me ask it again just like we started to show this morning and buys this stupid Christopher Anderson book the day Diana died just because it tells the truth about what a bitch that for the queen is and how she wanted the jewels and is in bitchy queen okay let's forget about that let's get out the important stuff we got Jimmy Johnson's got his hair out of joint in the sports writers and hangs got all the odds and we got the ball again we got football and football and then we got the guy named Marlon's and the big max got to be in tower to big mac and tech and we got fox lost their ass on Saturday because everybody turned the game off in the middle of the first inning and let's say thank God for that jiu-jiu do you want to say the but like long neck to fly you're hero and but like long neck for football okay okay are you're a hero and but like long neck for football yeah be a winner but like long neck this is I know long neck man did zero but it's like a long necker yeah yes I do I do zero but it's like this long necker yeah hot shoe but like long neck yeah We are like we're all are still going on that hinge well he's young but like long he's gonna dit