Sports Radio 560WQAM Miami Force Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. A Ratton Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower. No. On Pound 560 on your cell phone. There are tenions of Neil, his guest's callers are. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, Beesley Reed Acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group? No. Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560-200. Ray Wittney has prepared. Yes! Yes! Bill's the cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Recton, but it's a car and her vagina. She's all mine. All right. When he don't know where a storky goes, I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made for. And then I can saw the sternseeder box. Means saw her naked. Stars report can lead to going blind. Now, sleeping he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary of this. Working on the practical joke. He took a massive noodle, put an explode in. Lord in for Monica was blowing with dust roll Bill's a garden, Monica's a giant of Oh, creepy She left out a gigo Yes Every time he makes a wiggle Monica is not the time You can do in the behind I'm the friend of the giant of the giant She's all mine Oh people feel bad Hillary's been made a pull-up By a husband Feel bad Hillary was wrong Up in the linking bedroom She was morning morning I'll draw a little in her With Bill's old bomb Oh, right Bill's a garden, Monica's a giant of Okay She left out a gigo Every frigate's a tiny makes a wiggle Monica is not the time You can do in the behind But us a garden her, but giant of she's all mine Oh, can be a baby Yes, that's my fur is that, sir Oh yeah The giant What you gotta do is take a tip of real And put it in the trampoliers Yeah, yeah Oh, now I'm coming to my head Where the hell do we start today, man? I guess we're at the beginning Three or five sixty WM Tonight by the way, we got the very important Are you ready for this? The goddamn Micron PC bowl All right Which you have been hurt, Kulun's gonna be And then there's still like that Anybody there, they're hoping they're praying They're desperate for a 40,000, they're about people To fill in that place To fill in about half of that place anyway But we got it baby In fact, we're so up outside of the bottom We got Kimba and D-Full D-Full Why did I guess he's gonna have to do a lot of extra work Now that the ringer is starting to expand Kimba and D-Full Be out there with T-P Park at 6 o'clock With a little hour and a half Four play to game at 730 Hank of course at the sporting bruise At 2 o'clock So we got just loads and loads and loads of stuff for it I mean we got more sports than you can check your thing at Okay, so I start with the last night's episode Now and that's gonna take a lot of time That's gonna take a long long time And then I'll just get it out of my system Like a real bad, yeah, like a bad dump And then I got to do a 12-seat thing too By the way, Tom Cruise was right for once in his life K-Mart sucks But you're right Tom But it's anybody Now I think I'm gonna start with the Rick and Sud story Because if you want to know anything about Or should I start with a buddy Neven's letter No, let's see Huh? No seriously, I got Or should I start with a guy named Howard Biel article From a merciless You know, I'm always bitching about the fact that the newspapers No town suck and they do But every now and then somebody writes a really great column And it's almost always either in new times or city link Nobody reads either one of these things Because they're a straw out, they're handouts But once in a while there's a really good column in there And Howard Biel, which you know, we're sharing it with this guy's name really was What do we have done under by the name? I was mad as hell, but I just didn't take this anymore Oh yeah, not that Howard Biel, but nevertheless, maybe his name really is Howard Biel You believe it? No, I don't think so Here's mutton you Ryan, he's got the low down It's a great column about channel 4 WFO, Warren, all the machinations are going on over there It's almost unbelievable Even I can't believe it But it's great, and I think I'll read that little later on If I ever get to it I love this show Yeah, no So anyway, Rick and Sides, do you want to hear the story behind the story of what happened over there on the stupid talk network? What you're not going to believe me, you're going to think I'm making this up I guarantee what is the MS, you could bet your life on it Or somebody else's if you like Okay Now this takes me back to my days at KAT many, many years ago And I had already left there, but I heard this story Howard Primer, who replaced the LHO freed as news director Was called, you call a catson time, the owner of the station We're sitting in the office, and she called him To have a meeting with her, unbeknownst to Howard at the time He was about to get the axe, he was about to get fired As in, goodbye, good luck Don't let the adoratory genius in a way up Well, why Howard was sitting in the waiting area in the lobby Waiting to meet with your co-locats and trying to get fired I'm going to be don't stand The program director, they had just brought in from Washington, DC For WKT, this guy had been here for about a week or whatever And that's the truth, he had been there for about a week And that was enough for him Even back then, this is in about 1978, 79 That was enough for him He said a week and his place, this outdoor funeral parlor, that's it So he goes in the u-co-la And quits, I can't take it here, I can't live here This place is a nightmare, this is not going to work out, I quit So now, she's like, what do I do now? So Howard, pre-more happens to be the closest body He's sitting in a chair out there right outside the office Oh come on in Howard, how would you like to be the program director And Howard said, okay, okay And eventually, not too much later down the road Howard's father when I believe it was where He said lots and lots of money, bought the station And they turned it in like Haitian melodies Or whatever the hell it ever happened to became And they sold it, I do believe it made lots and lots and lots and lots Let me first put it on me with it Now why do I take it that story? Because it's very similar to the Rick and Sud story Which is just unbelievable Now have a feeling Rick might not fess up on the ear of this No, no, I wonder they officially started the morning By the way, January 4th, so there's still on vacation And by the way, they did play that turkey's on parade Oh man, did they be friends? Oh, for the 4th, billion time in the morning See, people's here, I want to tell you something There are people in this business, I've been in the business for about 700 years There are people that are good people, there are people that are like They're okay, they're not so good, they're not so bad They're kind of like, you know, neither efficient or foul And then there are people who are real assholes I'm going to tell you, if people's you are whatever Whatever the level of the assholes is, you're so far beneath them You're like the dingo berries on the record The lowest asshole on the food chain, that's what you are So let me do break here, because we need to do a little business today Which is, I don't understand it How come yesterday we had like no business lots right? Joe didn't want to end too much pressure yesterday Eight minutes after ten, I'll tell you the Rick and Sud story And the real, you're not going to believe this It's just so typical of this business and Pete Bolger, the Assassin From here on in Peter Bolger will be referred to as the Assassin In the radio business in this market, from this day forward And I'm sure won't be your first Hey, the Iran scores are really like I've been telling you for the last year This, this overhead by the way, stuck today We got a crank down or they post getting around with levels in here Really, you have blows, big time Very sure, Joe's full No, it's not Joe's fault, Joe did a super superior job yesterday By the way, a damn good job, not that you mentioned it No, you ignorant slide Rick Riley stole my briefcase Paul, I liked the part in his face That's for me Jake, what's just in the right Paul, I think it's like what I'll play that afternoon Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase What the, this is great to those human races Oh, ring your a smug And go back sucks That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's but oh oh Rick Riley stole my briefcase Hey, you stupid I liked the part in his face This is hell Rick Riley, you're an asshole Yeah That was for real, I wonder whatever made him laugh like that I looked up for any Okay Anyway, it's 10 13 at 5 60 WDQM So here's the real story behind the story And Rick and Studge over super talk network So evidently, their contract was coming up by in January or February of this coming year And just a month or two And Peter Boulder called Rick Riley in one day And said, guess what, you think you're going to be here? No, you're not You're out We're not going to be near your contract, we have no interest You better start looking around And yes, we will let you come in and have one last show And say goodbye and blow it out to your ass and whatever And that's it And Rick said No No Well, I guess you went and off in the corner And talked for a little while and thought about it Thought about actually going out and finding it out of jobs And some sure this tremendous demand for them all over the country And he found that came back another meeting with people And the came in practically weeping Was it practically or was it that well whatever was weeping And I said, but you don't have anything See what they were going to do is they were going to have another syndicate These are the great programmers, the people at queer channel who never met a chief deal that they didn't like Who took WOD and destroyed it Now they're taking Wions without the collar Just so nobody knows what they are anymore Still put talk and destroying that too Not that it's bad enough that they put that babbling idiot back on the afternoon She's a bra. Yeah, right, P.C. is a bra. She ought to be a bra Like over in Singapore somewhere I'd have to see the caner to death But at any rate No seriously, if you laugh like that and think about it, it canes So like about 20 consecutive hours and some stop and cry But it ain't right So to make a long story short, Rick goes through a long, cheerful song And it ends with the people's room Well, you know, you don't have a morning show And people just says, oh, well now that you mentioned it Oh, yeah, and also here's the latest bullet Mike Church is fired Oh, and Tom Leckis is in Super Talk Radio, which is allegedly Stopplay and now only as two local shows Rick and Sudden Brook There you go Two local shows, how do you like that? And they got time to don't like us on there Oh my god Talk about disparados Two local shows, they've eliminated all the other local people on here So queer channel once again, doing what they're famous for in the industry We don't want to spend any money All we care about is have an 80 million stations in every market And you know, squeeze as much revenues we can Out of them in the school of the audience And that's what they've done So at any rate, Rick Wally, carefully played for the job Back in the people, they're saying, okay But it's a very much reduced, you have to take a big cut and pay And Rick Wally said, okay And that was that And that's the real story of how Rick and Sudden Wally back in the mornings on Super Talk Instead of getting CAD instead of not being on there Any more instead of being on the street on the beach They are going to be back in the morning, January 4 Don't let anybody tell you otherwise Because that is the MS That's right from the horses Back there, no mistake about it So people, like I said, the assassin Continues destroying everything in his wake Like a radio, godzilla Seriously, if you ever noticed the similarity I think he looks a little like he looks like a cross between godzilla And what's that god damn right wing congressman The bald eng guy from Florida that I can never think of his name With the glasses, the BDI bastard The one that's always fooling at the muck Oh, I'm a peach man, what a what a wuz name is I can't think of his name But he's like a cross between godzilla and that asshole That's Pete Bulger How do you sleep at night Pete? You're such a chronic compulsive liar I've never I've known so much, I mean lies in his business We got plenty of lies in his building, believe me Wait till the guys over there, I'm sure it's Pete, find out about the new equipment They're gonna be in his studios upstairs, oh yeah Oh, I shouldn't have said that I don't want to burst your bubble, but new equipment Yeah, basically what they're doing is they're picking them up out of the toilet And they're just taking all the same old crap and filling it up stairs here Power 96, they got beautiful brand and stayed in the art equipment And is the QM crowd gonna get that? No, no Are they gonna get the shaft? No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah They're wrong thing you're on the wall, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah They're gonna get it They're gonna take the same old worn out tired, beasley garbage And just to get up stairs, so they'll have new paint on the wall Like George said, and they'll be in a different facility Which, you know, and if my friend the exterminator who came in yesterday off the street Chose up on tonight, maybe we won't have the bugs in the ants in the roaches Now you think you think he'll show up again? No, no What does that tell you about this business When you have to go on the year and belly ache about bugs and ants And you have to get an exterminator who out of a kindness of his heart Comes in and the spritz is around a little bit He was squirting and he was squirting and squirting Just because he felt sorry for us that this company is so goddamn cheap They won't hire an exterminator And of course this being a non-union town to begin with You have to put up with whatever kind of crap that they are just shot, that's it So there's the reconchered story, there's chapter number one today Let me dispense with the Kmarting real quick, okay? Kmart sucks Tom Cruise was right I told you the story yesterday about how my toilet sheet, the little latch on the back Whatever the hell that hinge broke Okay, these things happen big deal planned obsolescence They could make him the last of the lifetime if they wanted it, but they don't So yes, but they I get out of here. I go over to Kmart Why did I go to Kmart? I don't know because it's there That's why I don't have like no little mom and pop hardware stores in my neighborhood And you know as far as going to builder square home depot They're big gigantic you know they are it's a pin in the ass to go in those places for me So I go into Kmart and not realizing that it's a couple of days after Christmas And they are packed This is a store that's usually empty by the way because Walmart opened across the street and it's basically putting these people out of business But they are packed. I mean they're lined up in there Like they were giving away $50 bills to everyone who stepped to the cash register And I thought well, you know, I got plenty of time before the hockey game. I'll just hang out And though I'll get my thing back there and I'll just wait how long's it got away So I go in the back way in the back is for in the back as you can go and there in the hardware area There are some toilet seats But what do I know about toilet seats? Okay, I mean I look and here's one here's another one this color This is okay, so finally I'm looking at the prices. I don't care about price. You know me When you make the big bucks you're not like Jeff rumor Okay, I'm not a kind of guy. We're going to buy a used toilet seat like rumor To save two bucks So I go in there and I have pick out a seat which looks to me like a toilet seat It looks like maybe you know, I'll show you that might come close to matching whatever the old one I go online understanding that I'm waiting And by the way, you people online there it came art you people are cashiers They just don't care They don't care. She's taking her sweet time And there's like and of course all the glamour in there they're buying next year's Christmas stuff now Because it's all marked down 80 90% right after this Christmas So they're buying all the decorations all the light bulbs which by the way, if it used one of those red lights for their game last night But nevertheless, so they're lined up by an all-est crap. I finally check out. I go through the thing I take it home And being the very industrious person that I am, you know, take the old one off the toilet I unwrack it the plastic bolts. I take the new one out of the box. I set it on there all of a sudden I realize That compared to my toilet. This is like a baby toilet seat Like for a baby ass Not for a big fat ass like me And it comes out like about three quarters of the way to the front over my toilet ends Is this gonna work? No. Am I gonna go back to Kmart to return this piece of direct? No. Is it in my dumpster now? Yes. Ten dollars. Say I knew something was gonna go down the toilet. I wound up being the toilet seat Right down the toilet So now I gotta make another trip to Builder Square home. Depot George tells me one of these places And find a real toilet seat for a real human being with a real ass Not some kind of a baby. You know what? I'll give you another example. I went in I went in there a few months ago all the traveling that I do And I bought myself because I like having a one piece Lugus. You know one piece bag. I never check bag. It's the worst thing you can do When you do all the traveling that I do. A one bag deal where it gets big enough to carry everything you need So I get a bag that's got a course to handle on the wheels I mean you gotta be a schmuck anymore to carry around a big bag in the airport Oh, and by the way they finally forgot to mention they finally got carts in my International last week. The last airport in the human race that is only two bucks What a bargain huh? Every airport in Europe they have all the carts you want through all free You know carts that you put your stuff on so you don't have to get a hernia My international airport we finally got twenty four hundred carts And they're only two dollars a piece what a bargain almost as much of a bargain as the parking in Fort Latterville airport But at any rate So let's speak it where the hell was I got lost I'm in a little so many goddamn things going on here with the oh yeah Yeah, so I get a bag I and I take the bag home I fill it up I'm going on my trip wherever I'm going and I realize it's like a baby So the handle is down to like your knee you want talking about in other words this too short Everything it came art is too short the toilet seat is too short the goddamn luggage thing is too short I already got something that's too short. I don't need anything else that's too short So if you want to come out upon the short end of the stick that's your good place to go is came out. I'll never ever go there again They make me sick to my stomach and I like I said I'll have to go in a home depot Now next door to our business today. What do we have a lot of business today? Oh, yes, we do you'd love for this morning? And on the outside of the envelope it says Sun Sentinel and up above where it says Sun Sentinel is called Neven's edit whatever it hell that means That's what it says I will put it up obviously it's from the anxious buddy neven. He's an asshole. Yeah, and it says December 22nd. It took quite a while to get here Send to the Sheridan Street address. We're not on Sheridan Street okay, pots. Puzzle. Mr. Rogers. I've been told about your comments on the year regarding my column Center one is a worthy charity, but remember one different not one difference one different between you and Wayne, Hysinger Hysinger reached in his pocket for a million dollars. You reached in your listeners pockets have a wonderful holiday season since nearly buddy neven's Sun Sentinel A lovely letter at this holiday time of year. Well, let me say one thing about buddy neven season. I think he and Pete Bolzer are the same person. You know what I'm talking about? I think they're the same never saw them together anybody see them together. Same person. You see I hate to break the news to you, but every year in fact this year I donated my money up front so we could get the campaign started Because this company's too cheap unlike IOD this output is too cheap to give a seed money to get the CDs and the cassettes going and put up their front money So I donated my $10,000 this year like I do every year. I don't expect a middle for it. They send me a nice letter from Center one. They're very grateful for it And it's the least I can do for something that I'm trying to raise money for okay And I've done this for so many years now many years. What it was come to the House or Center one. I've donated $10,000 every year To whatever charity I was raising money for on the year Now I realize 10,000 isn't a million but I'm figuring out mathematically based on what Wayne has worth his net worth or allegedly and what mine that worth is allegedly But if I gave 10,000 dollars for him to do the equivalent he'd have to give 10 million dollars to charity not one million that would be the equivalent based on his net value of a billion dollars Did he give 10 million dollars? No, no, did he give five million? No And not only that, but you know something if he did give 10 million he's an asshole. He's still an asshole So you can throw all the little shots in all the bigs and not you know and not recognize or protect it or recognize the fact that I give as much as I can afford to every year And that we did raise over 125 grand and who owes it a line up 130 whatever lineup you can continue avoiding your recognized that buddy nevin and the fact that you've got your tongue way deep inside Wayne high png's record That's okay. That's up to you Because the fact is if you went out and took a survey all around town regardless of what Neil Rogers said on the radio Most people you would talk to when this town if you asked him about Wayne high png would say he's an asshole That's right. That's what they would say regardless of how much money he's given a charity how many sports franchises he brought us if he never stole a freight train a caboose whatever it would still say he's an asshole exactly So there you go. Where's my case in that? I don't want to go. Let me forget that here's mud in your eye column by that Howard deal from the city length. That's great. What I see we do have some journalists in his town of problems They're not working for the so-called mainstream newspaper. So nobody reads their stuff. I got a lot to say about you panther people out there and I'm gonna get out of my system once and for all today It'll be a cleansing experience. It's the holidays and after this I won't have to burden the rest of you with it because I know 98% of you don't care about it in the first place But last night I mean just unbelievable just astonishing 1026 to 560 WQM Don't you know what that is what the bottom thing that I want to give you a kiss Brown don't think time tell them that you think that he could be smarter than Donald Trump Brown don't think time not crack down if you need just hit his wrong players I like Brown I can't forget the way you meet You wish everyone's gone Talk to me Make sure that you don't favor one's you That one's you Round losing time You move up the ladder And some day someone will be kissing your Wack them Okay 10 30 if 5 60 W to 2 and by the way Iraq says hey we're going to fly and then O flies don't wish that okay make our day There you go They're just inviting us to blow them into this Stone Age and we're saying okay whatever you like All right That's right with that So anyway you know Hank loves a I mentioned this yesterday Talking about the factual errors in the hero I think we could make we could have an encyclopedia each year That would be a great thing to come out with at the end of the year Here are all the factual errors that were printed as fact in the hero Then the last year probably fill up volumes and volumes and volume But then you write for example today David Janeel and writing about last night's hockey game We talk get to momentarily David Janeel talks about Laws got a goal and this went to this he said Mark Lawrence got the Isle to within one But the goal the others wanted and didn't get was my raise your cost he shot that had broken a midsam That's right Well Mark Lawrence didn't get the Isle to within one because after the score was two to nothing Was that were they ever within one during the entire game last night? No, it was a two nothing that was three nothing that was three to one three to one How can they have gotten them to within one when the score at that point when Mark Lawrence got that goal for the islanders was three to one David Janeel How is that possible do you have any idea? No, okay just another I mean it's not a big deal, but just an example of the kind of thought and the kind of care that goes into the garbage That's written for news in your newspapers here especially the hero which specializes in crap Yes, nice going David Janeel if you'd pay a little more attention to what's going on out there and what you're writing as opposed to being a militant whatever How do you walk you do we all be a hell of a lot better off for it? I don't know where to start next whether I should go to my thing about this event we had last night Nice call by the light panther. Oh my God Sean Burke Oh and did I tell you Ray Whitney is gravity they don't understand they had no clue these people as a group have no freaking clue It's like I'm in some kind of a battle to prove something to people who just resist it if you like vanilla ice cream Great you eat vanilla ice cream. I'll eat the fish food, okay, and we'll all be happy 23 years I've been in this town always like way out there on a limb you're not part of the mainstream Thank God. Thank God. Who what does anybody want to be part of the word the so called mainstream in this place in this outdoor funeral parlour? No, I don't But Josh Friedman at the game last night brings me thank you Josh almost redeem himself for not paying any attention to our show yesterday brings me the December 28th issue of the sporting news. That's got the Vinny Testi birdies picture there on the front And on page nine if you happen to be one of those people that reads the sporting news very timely The dance of the happy people and here's the whole history of all these dances that these a group balls do and have been doing in the NFL for years now Going all the way back to Elmo. What does the Kansas City cheese in 1973 and right on to the funky chicken and the dirty bird I'll get in that later Nice going there Josh boy talk about timely The dirty bird come on. Let's start doing the dirty bird right in middle of the show. Too bad we still don't have that whammy thing Well, that would have put us over the top That's right. There's there's that Jew with a your on the con there's that old thing with a yarmica doing the dirty bird I bet you there's no other fat holes you with the yarmica doing the dirty bird in the entire universe. There you go. It all be going to right Anyway, getting a well, see first of all, here's let me get to this 17,000 tickets still not sold. This is for a playoff game the dolphins in the bills this Saturday at PPP Park ABC's telecast is Saturday's dolphins bills playoff game at pro player stadium is in danger of being blacked out locally is what it says Oh The dolphin sold 11,000 tickets Monday, but is of late in the afternoon about 17,000 tickets remain unsold the blackout deadline is 1230 p.m. Wednesday Meaning tomorrow, but the dolphins are likely to seek an extension And even if they do get an extension like so Thursday, they'll have till Thursday at 1230 or want to clock away in the middle of his and if they're not sold out by then and if they have more than just I mean You know no matter which channel locally should the ABC so channel 10 are they going to buy up like 8 or 10,000 tickets? No, of course not I mean if it gets down to a couple of thousand they'll buy them up like the other stations always have to do so make sure it gets on TV and they can make the revenue from it Now the reason I mentioned that is because that should tell you and of course the fact that the Hurricanes are playing in his bogus this micron PC Not that it can fuse with the pool and weedwacker ballgame tonight and they're praying to have like 45,000 people in there. Can you imagine if you didn't have the Hurricanes in there? No, can't even imagine what they'd have for this, what nobody cares about It's part of the fact is supposed to be such a big diet into all sports town Anybody believe that? No So we go back to last night's game and he macarena They I can handle the fact that the escalator was the escalator working last night No, I can handle that wasn't working okay no problem. It was raining out there if there's a cloud in the sky the escalator don't work okay, big deal And I'm already you know, it's quite a what rimmer promises me's going to talk to Steve danger field and this one's going to talk to that one They don't care that we can't see the goal light there were less see there were six goals in the game last night and Let me think Five of them were scored to my right the shoot twice in the color where the panther shooting the first and third period Five of them were scored under did we ever see the goal light come on for any one of those goals, but you know something they don't care They don't care about the fans because they sold it out the place was rocking jampack with people the overwhelming majority I'm coming to work this morning and trying in my mind to be fair. I'm thinking of a number I'm thinking of the experience their last night and I'm thinking to myself a number A percentage of ballpark number that I could determine of people who are in that arena who understand the game who are knowledgeable fans who have some idea what's going on Who's opinion really means something based on something as opposed to those who are just assholes 80% of the people in that place last night haven't got a clue what that game is all about So I'm saying 20% of us 20% understand the game we under we appreciate the players who really count really who really contribute something to the team and who will give in game And they're 80% of the people in their who might as well go to the WWF that's why see my idea fell on deaf ears. I still think was the greatest idea in history Say ball d 30 more than 30 million dollars And just have a social club in there and we'll be playing Gary Glitter, LB scream and and juck a jukin and juckin and juckin and java LB doing the dirty bird and the funky chicken and look at each other up on a screen will be on a cell phone You know, I should have realized when John van B's were okay back because the first five years that we had a team other there were two players that they knew the names of These fans and I use the term loosely they knew bees are bees are all easy to say bees are they knew that and they knew stools as easy to say that to stoo they knew him well he went away So it came down to the point where all the only player they knew was bees are basically that was it I mean once once a while they knew you know, Eddie, but it's kind of hard to go special ed special ed, it's not a real good chance it doesn't roll off your tongue You know, it's special ed doesn't roll off your tongue real well So I shouldn't know when he came back he was filled with alpha early this season and at least half if not more in fact Maybe with the 80% of the people who are assholes in that joint maybe it was those 80% who boot him And I have no idea why I still to this day can't figure out why except for the fact that they know nothing and they have no class They don't appreciate a great performance they don't know they don't know who's doing well, who's doing what and they don't care quite frankly because they're too busy socializing Including some of the people who are sitting front of me who showed up again last night We like to hold their little kids up in the air in front of our face while the game is going on and who liked to talk to their friends who come over and talk to them while the game is going on and stand in front of you So you can't see what's going on I mean, I want you I don't know how many games a lot of games that kept my mouth shut I didn't say because I'm not one of those people are wants that wants to start a big screaming match they're in a goddamn stand I mean these people are going to be there a long time. I'm sure And I'm going to be there for a four more seasons so I'll be god damn if I want to have like a big song to dance with people But she's this Christ some of us want to actually see the game We didn't just come there to smooth and admire your little kids that you showed up very late in the first period and left with about 10 minutes left in the game And most of the time we were there weren't paying any attention anyway. What are you doing there if you want to smooth there's a hallway out there There's a big beautiful palatial lobby. There's seating. There's a food. There's restaurant. There's all kind of stuff go out there and smooth your hearts can test but don't stand in front of other people's faces who want to see a god damn game Which we've actually had about seven or eight minutes and I've game in a second and third period where both teams were like actually somebody like somebody who got them match under the rest and they were back at port of his like a real hockey game For about seven or eight minutes But to the people that show up there to the 80% of them, they know nothing they appreciate the guys that are really performing well like Sean Berkis playing greatly And when they announce his name at the starting line if is there any reaction? No When Ray Whitney scores one of the most unbelievable goals one of the one on three and effort to like so much you may see like once a year in the league Did they appreciate that? No, no What do they like? They like to do they appreciate Paul Laws and Bill Lindsay have been on the team since the very beginning Lindsay with five goals in five games and Paul Laws the first goal in about 20,000 games, but beats the crap out of whoever he takes on is the real enforcer on this since today appreciate them. No No, there are no hero is the big black guy name Peter. No, yes, there you go 80% of these people out of their mind. They wouldn't know a hockey player if he stuck his stick in there And pushed it until our kishies came out 1041 at five sixty qan What is a buffalo bill? It puts an ocean in the basket. You love them as Fraser on cheers. You cherished in that's Fraser on Fraser now 17 times any winning and 38 times Betty Ford residing Chelsea grammar is delving into uncharted territory with tellsy grammar things very white If you don't mind my saying so I feel that you're low far exceed that which I can get enough of Or so it's not to conclude by possibly the proposition as it were oh your love I cannot get it at all not since William Chender's Lucy in the sky with diamonds and pet booms to the truth He has there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo-oriented strong stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings Pardon me man, but when would be a convenient time for you and I so get it on oh Yes, my mojo is working. The guy I think it is plus if you act now We'll throw in at some additional charge our free bonus track a Mr. Grammar stirring rendition of ice tades Shouts, would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African-American tech Reviews for whom many of the young ladies have Amorous feelings oh, yes, you're done So get Kelsey Grammar things very white. He makes very white very white. Oh, I really got my book I'm looking now mama watch me work All right 1046 and five 60 WQM so let's get back to those knowledgeable panther fans In the obsession now you see this is the thing that's frustrating I mean, I'm not going to change it like I said if you love vanilla ice cream and on the only one in the whole arena that loves fish food Fine, I'll stick with my fish food and you eat your vanilla and think you have it a great time Because that leaves more of the really good stuff for me But if just astonishing to me that they announced the starting lineups and guys who like our playing great guys who contribute guys who do something You could hear a pin drop there. That's the sound of silence But every time this big black guy named Peter comes out there and steps on you guys and believe me he contributes absolutely nothing If we had a real good if we had like ancient Carter it's kind of the dude is race. It's not a racial thing if we had grant fewer in goal I'd say all right Oh, the black guy is a great player. We had answered Carter We had my career from Edmonton. There's a guy who's a real player. Make no difference whether he's black or white But here's just a big goon with a G Who can't skate who falls down, you know three four times couple of shift early and again, then all of a sudden we don't see him anymore for a long long time Now it's for the one after Whitney's court that unbelievable goal. It's the third period. Now here he comes back out there again And he almost a guy four five times in ahead the island of defenseman. He provokes him into a fight. They drop the glove and you know, where else takes about four five good chops and a push he gives one back in and he falls on the guy So naturally whoever falls on top because the people there think this is the WWF they don't really understand well when he got occupied is all about whoever falls on top he went Oh, no, they should the crowd goes a shot if you part in that expression they go nuts And now when he goes into the penalty box and I'm sure this was done for my benefit. You're not fooling me. There's no way anybody can be this stupid There's a group of assholes on the other side for me and they're going Peter Peter And we're looking at each other in my section like are these people out of their mind? Are they not? Do they have any clue is the what's going on here? No, see there is a guy who's an enforcer on this team our equivalent of like Thai do me is Paul Laws He's been here right from the beginning. He's a little player score to go last night by the way. Did Peter were all score a goal? No, no, we're going to hold our breath to the score is one. No, no Paul Laws good fellow defenseman. He's the enforcer. He's the guy that other teams fear as far as fighting his concern. He's a real fighter not just some guy who happened to be a big ox who can't skate And it's been this way for six years now. No matter what I say, if I say it's like a battle like they're going to show me that they're smart on dumb. I know nothing When I talked about stew bar. Oh, yeah, you're full of crap. Chris Wells the spokesman. She's going to be a superstar. Okay, how's Chris? Well, anybody seen him lately? No, no, but I talked about Marty Strocha. Oh, you're wrong. Doesn't McLean. He's a genius. Marty Strocha. He ain't no good. You seen Doug McLean lately? No, yeah. So no matter what it is, I say, I know nothing and I got to try to convince 20,000 people out there that I'm the expert. I don't care about being the expert anymore than I care about whether they hey, Neil. You know, I don't go out there for affirmation for any of that. I go out there to watch your hockey game. And all these people that come by all these billions of people in the year live your show. I know they're listening. Are they learning anything? No. Today, did they understand what they're seeing in front of their eyes? No. They want to see the WWS. They don't understand what a real hockey player means. They don't get it. There is nobody and I don't care what John Davidson said in a moment of internal inheritance a few weeks ago. There is nobody in the league who would define this guy as a hockey player. And yet these, for this crowd, they are obsessed with him. Obsessed. In fact, I think if we said, okay, we'll trade away everybody else on the team and we'll just put him out there just to fight the other day. They go, yeah. Very good. Right. That's right. They'd be in our frenzy. They'd be squeezing themselves and each other. Just at the prospect of it. So it's your kind of no surprise that I'm the only one out of, you know, 20,000 people that find to grow tests that we can't see the red light when a goal is scoring. Or all the other technical. They got the sound straight in our last night. Oh, and that over there you go. One at a time. Maybe by the year 2525 that $200 million or $11 out there will get that all straight in that. Because I'm going there for a different reason than the majority of you people are going there. I'm going there because I'm a hockey fan. Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me. I'm not going out there to waste my time watching a bunch of bogus fights. I've seen 80 million hockey fights and 99% of Mark Crab. They're nothing. There are a bunch of bullcrap is what they are. But the watch the way the crowd reacts just the crap. Yeah. And that behavior last night that and you know, like I said, yeah, the way Whitney scored this unbelievable goal. Unbelievable. He left this kid very Richter. He left his jock strap right there. I mean, right away around him is he is if he weren't there on a one on three. There's no other panther player. He's already offensive though. He's getting right around him. Go to the net makes one shot and what's his name stops it. Who's an all stops it and he's right there for the rebound and Whitney's stuff in the short side. And they're just unbelievable goal. The place should have erupted. They should have given him a standing ovation. They announced the goal. Am I friend Sean was in the game with me last night. I noticed he stood up like there was going to be a standing ovation for Ray Whitney. I didn't stand up because I know and boy, his ass was back in a seat in a half a second. Because he looked around the oops, oops, because the other 19,000, some odd people in there, they were all sitting on the rest. That's why he called on this radio station. Oh damn, Reno sucks. He's thirsty. Because the people in this town don't even know a good player. They don't know a good effort. What do they know? Does anybody know what these people know? No. I don't know. I've been here for 23 years. I can't figure out what it is that they know. No. What do they know? Seriously. What do they know? Oh man. I mean, it would be like sitting in the middle of a parking. And an elephant fall, you're sitting in the middle of the central parking in New York and there's 500 people sitting around you. And an elephant falls out of the sky. And you say, oh my god, it's an elephant. And they say, oh no, it's a bunch of $1,000 bills. And you're saying, well, Jesus, I guess the other 499 people can't be wrong. It looks like an elephant to me, but it must be a bunch of money. Why do I get so agitated and so frustrated? And what's the point? Is it ever going to change? Of course not. Think I have a team here for 500 years and they're still not going to learn anything about it. And like I said before, the people that are sitting there who want to get in everybody else's way a lot of come over and smooth. You've got all this time before the game. You've got time in between periods. You've got time after the game. Go out there on your cell phone, talk to each other. Don't stand in front of people's faces. Maybe the few of us who really are interested in watching what's going on. I know that's a revolutionary concept in this time. That's somebody could go to a sporting event and actually the interest in seeing what's going on out there. I'm not impressed by everybody holding their little kids up in the air in front of my face. I don't care. There's a million little kids there in the arena. You want to see them look up on the screen up there. They're all joking and driving. They're doing the dirty bird. Great. They're having a good time. Fine. But when you look up on the screen, it doesn't block you view of what you supposedly pay the sea out there, which is a sporting event. And you hear this air everywhere you go in this town. People go to see live theater. They go to see a play. They go to see a concert. And people are like, rude. They leave early. They stand up in front of you. They don't care about anybody else. What do you think the driving is the way it is here? I'm the only one out here. Don't you understand? Don't interfere with my drive. My road and my uh, this is my time now. Don't interfere with me. You got some goddamn nerve. Oh, it's just, it's astonishing. It looks to me just like a goddamn big elephant, but it's money. If pennies from heaven pennies from whermer. And these people may have tried to convince them, that's why you hear no hockey talk. That's just an issue. But in this whole radio station, maybe three calls a week. Maybe at most. Because how can you possibly discuss something intelligently when you haven't got the foggyest idea? What it's all about? And I try to be fair. I'm not a big Sean Burke fan to say the least, but the last couple of weeks. He's played great sensational. He was spectacular last night, except the one greasy goal I went into was like the didn't count anyway, because Lance Roberts moved the whistle to soon. Thank God. But nevertheless, he played great. Give credit where credit is due. What is it that these people see out there? And like I was talking yesterday, you can't fool me about this issue. Okay? Because white people and especially out there in sunrise. What have we got? We got upper middle and upper class people for the most part. White almost all white. They love seeing a big black guy go out there on their side on their team and their neighborhood, but beating the crap out of somebody else. They're going. Oh, you go get him. Lee Roy. All right. Go boy. It's 10.56 happy new year from 5.60 WKOM. This is 5.60. 2.00. But Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WKOM. My amni fortlaterdale. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. I know someone like to do some work going through. 8.00. That skinny chick. The skinny chick. I know who you're doing this week. That hero when she got full air off the blow. 8.00. That skinny chick. We want to know what's the deal to close the trap when you're in rehab. Your worst is an alley mix. It's a little bit of clock at 5.60 WKOM. We got to Hank at sporting bruises to a clock. 6.00 clock tonight. We got Kimba and Defol at the ballpark to try to generate some interest in the, what is just the micron PC pool and weed backable. You of them and some other bogus girls team. That's at 7.30. I will have that for you. I'm sure you'll be gathered around the video. 9.00. Let's do a mobile in Fort Laterdale. 10.00. Yes sir. This is a time first time call. I couldn't agree with you more on this. I was at the game last night. It's gotten to the point where almost not even enjoyable. I took my mother. First game member can't barely speak English. She's one of the, what was one of the most. I was at the game that was sitting around me. It's unbelievable what's going on over there. They just have no interest in their schmoozing and they're talking and they're standing. And by the way, the usher is up there. I do an a pretty crappy job of keeping people out of those aisles while the game is going on. I know no business standing in the house talking to people blocking your view while the game is going on. No one has any respect and Paul law is called for the first goal since 1996. Nobody knows what the crap's going on. They don't even. They don't get into it until the big black guy comes out there. Then they're filming at the mouth. They're squeezing themselves. They're wiping themselves. They're just filming at the mouth. I don't know what it is with these people. The guy can't even skate and came in the hand of the stick. He's a hotbed player. My miniature picture was a goddamn brain surgeon. It's just this gotten. I was seeing there last night. I couldn't believe it. I said my mother doesn't even know it's damn thing. First time you came. She's the one rooting and choosing. I was in front of the parent. I got all these people around. He didn't even know if the hell icing is. You know, they want to bring it. You're looking on the cake to see if they can find it. Yeah, but I couldn't agree with you more in the on it. So this town. God. It's a fantasy land. It's no man's land is where we are. We're in no man's land, Mr. Well, if they didn't put the names of the people up there who scored, they're putting in no who scored. Yeah. I mean, that's how bad it is. I'd like to sitting on vacation for Ray Whitney. I'm one of the most beautiful goals of the entire season. That'll be on every highlight reel. They'll be showing that all year long. And these people are like sitting on their hands because he's not big and black, I guess. Let me tell you, I like, you know, every time we score, I'm standing up. Sure. I'm looking around with nobody. I mean, I don't even think days that people around me know that. That we score. Well, they're too busy playing grab ass. Have a great new year, pal. You too, thank you. Okay. There you go. There's one guy that's got at least some clue. We have an open line in the Broward, all three and day. They're a little slow here today. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. Why the time? Well, maybe I was going on a little bit there. Okay. That's why they're slow. Okay. Maybe they figured it's motor mouth. And they've got a lot of stuff to cover. I still haven't gone into this. The dance to the happy people yet. The funky chicken with the Merton Hanks and the California Quake and the boxer. And the Iky shuffle and the right way with Elm O'Rite's got the whole list there from the sporting news. Thanks again, Josh. Three, and you're okay. Even if you did lose 600 pounds. Five, six, seven, are these deadlines working yet today or what? We got another round. Yeah, they're working. Looks okay to me. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T where I land. Just checking. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. You know, in my exact sentiments along with you. You know, look, we don't need another enforcer on this team. We've got laws. We've had them for a long time. We've had them for a long time. We've had them for a long time. This team doesn't have enough talent on it. I've had two enforcers on it. Whoever heard the such a thing. What in the world do we need this guy out there? He's just worthless. He doesn't bring anything to the team. Well, how come, ladies? But you know what's going to happen here today? The guy that called a minute ago in you. That's all I'm going to hear from today. The people, the other 80 or 90 percent of the people that are having orgasms over this guy. They won't call and tell us what it's all about. What they're so excited about? You don't win hockey games by fighting. Well, first of all, look, first of all in this hot run. The team has said winning five or the last seven games. He has had nothing to do. Let me say it again. Nothing to do with the success of winning any of those games. Nothing. The only thing is about laws is that he has become such a fine defenseman. I think that you kind of hate to see him go out there and take a penalty and be off the ice. Because he really does play real good date. Yeah. You know, better than he did last year. Well, they don't know from him. They get some emotional when he gets into a fight. But when the big black guy comes out there, these people lose it, baby. They're other minds. And what's that sweet, Whitney Geek, Geek and get his own rebound. Absolutely. Absolutely. And you know what? Then it would have been nice if we could see the red light on at that end. Because he had a wait until he puts a stick up in the air in the celebration. He was on TV. They gave us about at least four or five different looks at it. It was sweet. It really was. Well, thank God. You got a sitting location. Yeah. Let me ask for the switch gears here. We're about to catch in the history of the human race. They're right here at the top floor of the worst. I'm going to ask you about this acting thing. I've been on a promo for the month now. And because I'm too cheeked to buy the damn book. But it's fantastic. I mean, I've lost probably about 15 pounds. I feel good. No, it's disappointing part. Because I don't have gas anymore for some reason. Really? I'm just a way to wait a while. I won't give you a second. I can't get one. I can't get one. Can you add the damn fish food into the dollar? And you're 25 25. I'll call you. I'll let you know. I'll show you. Thank you. I've got the horn. Have a happy. Okay. Open line. It's Broward all three a day. They're very slow this morning. Come on. Are we going to hear from many of these people out there? The other 80 percent. No. They have the balls to call and tell me what it is that we're maybe we're missing something out there. Maybe I'm just stupid. Maybe I'm an old buddy that maybe I'm missing something out there. Are they going to call and let us know what it is? No. 670560. Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Peter. Peter. Peter. I'm embarrassed for. I'm more embarrassed for those people than I am for what's his name that I heard this more than our Thomas, which I heard about the last two minutes of that the suck acid of you on the worst thing this morning. Here's a mobile in four lotter days. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm going to talk to you. You're speaking to them sir. Oh, hey. You're talking about the red light. They got it. Every goal now is show it on TV. They go with the cage around it. They go right. They show it. Every single goal now. I don't care what they're doing on TV. The fans who are in the stands sitting on the whatever side I'm on. You can't see it. That's true. One more thing. We got to have the best checking line in the NHL with the McSplendian. Muller. They're just playing so hard. He explained that great last night. Yeah. They didn't get any credit but I explained real well. I said. When we got to go in the four and if you were to go in the crowd ask who Alex fixes what number is they go. Who? Yeah. Exactly. Right. That's why I don't even go to the game. It's just more enjoyable at home. I believe me. You're getting a much better view anyway. You don't have anybody standing up in front of your head. And if you do that, the double mount. Okay. Have a great new year. We have an open line in date. One at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60. Seriously. I just don't understand how people can be so goddamn into themselves and so rude as to stand there in front of you. I mean, it's not like somebody just had a heart attack and crumpled in front of you or something. Or like they had a medical emergency. They're standing there schmoozing and they know you want to see the goddamn game. And they still don't care. And then after after it like I said, after you do a bunch of jarrations and finally start looking really agitated like you're about to open your mouth and start screaming. Then they finally like kneel down, but they have to continue their conversation which can't which is much too important. And of course they're talking to people that are paying their attention to the game anyway. They're doing their little kids for like 2 1 1. I don't get it. Why are you people there? Why do you show up? I don't know something just to get it out. They are there. They're to annoy the rest of us. But 20% of us that really are into it and really want to see it. They come there just to piss us off. And they're doing a great job. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, I have an interesting thing here. Has anybody seen Chris Wells and Peter World were all at the same time together? Yeah, I think he's just doing a black face. I think that's what it is. They don't but they were so embarrassed that they had to take them and dress them up. And you're recall when I was on your screaming about that grotesque trade, which wasn't just you've barred by the way, it was also just the will you was playing great for Buffalo. When it went one after that trade. All this all these so call fans got on the side. Oh yeah, Chris Wells is great. We believe the Lee Brian Murray and we're up there. Oh, it's a standing ovation. He finally got to go a standing ovation. Like there's not a standing ovation for every goal. I mean, just embarrassing himself with a tongue. You felt far up Brian Murray's record was embarrassing. At least with the standing part. At least he could stand. He came stand on the side. But seriously, what was doesn't MIT only personally shocked by this psychotic reaction to Peter World? What is that all about? What is the equivalent of Eddie when Eddie was getting all the fights a couple years ago? Eddie, Eddie now is Peter Peter. It's the play of the joy of what's who we're going to move for today. I'm believe. No, no, you did not. I don't think so. I mean, this is like a steamroar. This is gaining momentum. They're obsessed. They have Peter blow up those. See, I prefer myself Peter North. They like Peter World. Okay. I mean, you know, you pick your own Peter, I guess. Peter's pepper picked. We have an open line of brown. We have five, six, seven. How's that go? Peter's pepper? Oh, my hover coast. Better slow down because you get in a lot of trouble with that thing. And don't be saying the pepper, by the way. Nine minutes after 11 at five, 60, WQF. Five, like what he wants, that looks pretty good in my perspective. It's all the straightest station. Now the truth is that, boy, we've been talking about that soon. Ever since caught school out now, we'll work with a person. The methamphetamine is there. Okay. You've gone and worked with a person. It's just a little bit like Wayne was more hair for you. You got things that is the summer. When Bill and Reeves gone. Are you? Say good bye to Aaron. The summer's. They hide her lawn and from there. The truth is that the matter of fact is the next. They're gone and from heaven. But Bill seems changing his act. I said, upon again Christian. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh sorry, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, yeah Oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it was that Angelplan. Angelplan, when the Jon Richard Newton justification for the Portugal hat, overstated. Highly gets higher than kingfish. You know, they pet-a-knock-knock-and-gast-hathedve, something that'll be truly high above me. inject his special brand of crap into the radio business and to want to super job by the way Pete's really doing it, baby. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. I knew how are you? Okay, sir. I was sitting in the section last night directly across the ice from your section. Right. And I saw that woman in the aisle and Tommy's color, Pam's suit talking to the friend Justin's son of you and I said, talking to the mother. Yeah. And I said, oh my God, but I can't, tomorrow you're going to be, I listen, first the husband comes over. Who's that? Obviously these people are friends or acquaintances, whatever. Of these very important people sitting in front of me won't carry five or six games. First the husband comes over and he's standing there. And then he finally crowned his down. He realizes that he ought to get really agitated. And then as soon as he puts his ass back in the seat over there, he comes over and pulls the same routine. What did that we barely say? Exactly. There you go. And then I don't know. I wouldn't think the fire by wasting my finger to put that thing on the computer. Okay. And then the bunch of crap is what it is. I don't know, but when fear world got in that fight, did I see it you can drive right after that or who was doing the funky chicken. I think a little bit very briefly. I did a little mortin' hankster. And then now for my side of the ice, I can see the goal light. Because you know why. Yeah. They have to say instead of having it screwed in straight up. Yeah. It screwed to the side. So what that that side of the ice where you are, that's where it screwed in. So no wonder you can't see it. How difficult. I mean, I know the first game that I was there we saw it go on. And the LA game once it was only once, but nevertheless it went on. How come it was working early part of the year for a couple of games. Then all of a sudden they tilted it the angle. And now they can't fix it. It's not acceptable. Don't they understand it is not acceptable. And if I'm the only one that keeps screaming about it, I'm going to keep screaming. I want to see the guy then goal. I want to go a score. And now the point where we're sitting, you went, wouldn't you got the rebound, okay? Because Kuzenau came out of the net and he stuck it in behind him on the short side. But there was no way to see it for more. I was sitting and only when he put his stick up at the air. Started celebrating, did we react and it was a goal. You know, what kind of a full crap show is this that these people are putting forward? And they're still packing a place because these people don't care. They don't know the different. Well, they have a bunch of tickets. They don't know. The lady sitting next to me from art where we were sitting. You can see that light that goes on. You know when they go to a commercial. Yeah, the pink light. Yeah. The pink light goes on. She says, do we score goal? Yeah. I said no, it's a commercial. You have at least you can see that one anyway. That's good. That's a good. All right. Well, get rid of those people in front of you. Do something about them there. They're annoying just. You're a boss of the aisle. Okay, bro. I'm having a happy new year. Oh, God. How come there are so many assholes in this world in considerate assholes? And they all decided to move to South Florida. We have an open line of date, five six seven, five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just got to mention the sports thing. I mean, I'm not the other 80 percent, but I'm not a true South Florida sports fan. But I've noticed this. I've gone the games and all they do is get drunk and fight, especially at the dolphin games. They don't pay attention to what goes on. They just fight each other because there's other fans there. And they just don't seem to understand that they have a playoff caliber team who was there support when a coach has to go on to the newspapers and plead for fans to cheer. You know, there's a problem. There's a big one. And I mean, I may not be a dolphin fan, but you know, it's your hometown team. You're going to go to the game. There's a reason just to get drunk and then drive into a tree. No, that's what they went there for. You understand, Rick Sanchez talked in that a few years ago. Go go. Go. Yeah. Drunk drive and hit the object in your way. Right. Stuck it as hard as it can. It's just a horrible situation. The Panthers. I mean, I don't, I was against getting a hockey team. The game was because I don't care. All these people said, oh, great hockey hockey. Now, now we got 18,000 people again. What are you talking about? They're packing a joint. They're making ball the all as money back. They don't care about the game, but they're showing up anyway. They're making as much people. They just want to be the guy that they can contribute to, but you know, buddy, and Evan can write 20 columns about him next year. I don't know, but I really think we should do something to be cut off the sports for a year to receive people care. Okay. Sounds good to may. Have a great day on your panel. There you go. We're liable without the NBA. So far, have we heard from one of those people? One of those big Peter, where Ralph Hans to explain it to us? Yeah. Have we heard from one? No. I mean, we're talking, 80 to 90 percent of the people who just of the people who just erupt, who gets spastic. I mean, I'm telling you, I saw one guy thinking he was giving himself a very, I'm enema there in his dance. He was so excited when I'd fight broke out. In a totally meaningless, I mean, the score is four to one. We got the game in a bag. I mean, it said to no stress, no. And this guy's like squeezing it. And the bag, too. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, while it's not. Why do I go through these same exercises? What I know they're not going to call, because they know they don't know what they're talking about. How can you defend something when you don't even understand what that you're excited about? All right, we like to make stripes around there. We got the big niggs. Yeah, then that must be it. That's gotta be it. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? OK. Happy New Year to you. And the same to you. Who up talking, how do you with Neil? Because you know what you're talking about. What kind of a, what do you want to speak your phone? Actually, no, I'm on a normal phone. You're on a normal phone. It's got a reverb on it. I don't know why you're getting reverberated by the apologize. Yeah. I just wanted to call you and let you know, I didn't go to the game last night. I'm originally from Chicago. We have one of the worst talking teams in the national team. That's absolutely right. Worst of the path is a beaten and twice, and we can, we'll play them every week. Yes. And we still have fantastic fans over in Chicago, though. Way different than the fans down here. I'll let that to this is not Chicago. I'm sure you're well aware of that. That's absolutely not Detroit. This is not Toronto. This is not Montreal. That's just a South Florida. It is a line of a lost. It's a, that's a no-knowledge of hockey down here, unfortunately. I don't understand why you don't sit in the press box. And you'll, that would be the best. Because I don't want, because I have great seats. I don't want to sit in the press box. The blue box is 50 miles away. Well, the, wouldn't have all this, uh, way, you know, it's serious. You know, something, if, if I, I'm, and which I can't stand your phone, it sounds like you're under water. If, if I'm going to continue screaming in the own like this, or, or if that doesn't do it, I'm going to start telling these people, which I'll have no problem telling their face, even though create an ugly situation and a real confrontation. Or then I'm just going to go to the ausiers and say, look at, I got some assholes down here who don't respect the fact that we want to see the game. And they're standing up in the aisle. And it seems only to happen, or at least usually to happen when the people who were there last night who are there, thank god, only once every five or six games with their two little punky kid taking up, uh, they got, they got four people in two seats, which is a hell of a nice deal, by the way. But how does that work? You have a kid. How does that work when you used to take the brain once you was like a little girl? How does that work when you like, uh, go to an event? Up to a certain age. You don't have to buy a ticket for them if they're not going to occupy a seat. If they're going to be sitting in another, if they sit in your lap, they get in for a couple of minutes. So, it's up to a certain age like a very, very low age. Oh, no, these are little tiny kids. They're like, I don't know, two or three years old. They're little kids for your four. I forget what the cut-up point is. It's a per place. Everybody has their own set of rules about who you have to buy a ticket. So, in other words, you can bring in all of a punky little kids and hold them up in the year and, uh, poop all over, where, uh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's not in the kids aren't bad by the way, these are not rowdy crying and then nothing will with the kids. These kids are pretty well behaved for like little kids. It's the parent's that need to be slapped around a little bit. We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Just came back from St. Louis and went to a hockey game. St. Louis and Detroit. What a great game. St. Louis and Detroit. Right game. Oh, what is that? What game did you go to? Because they tied a lot of things. No, that no. Last Saturday night. Oh, I see. Yes, and Louis one I can. Yeah, and the fans are unbelievable. The fosters were incredible. I mean, you don't even have a chance to go to your seat unless there's no action. Right. And another thing. Yes, you all are. Here's up there at the Macarena. You're doing a piss-for job, okay? You're doing a crappy job. You're letting people stand around in the eyes and block everybody's view. Why you're busy up there playing grandmas with the security cops up there. I'm going to stick my, that guy would be a fan of you. I'm going to go ahead. Another thing. I'm down here in Hollywood on federal highway. Yeah. These jackass and 80-intours drive so bad. I just want to run in. Yeah, I will go ahead. Of course they don't care. They got those crappy old cars. They don't care. And they'll go out. I don't think they know what the gas tell us for. Yeah. Can I call someone to do a spit? They know they're gay. And they'll go ahead. Dave, the interior guy. You are a douchebag. Okay. Okay. Okay. Watch out for his interior. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp, 5, 60, on the AT&T. Wireless line. By the way, our poll question that he did. Anybody ever hear of an African Canadian. Anybody hear ever hear that? No. Because Peter will well speak it in by the way. He's Canadian. Very articulate guy. We had Kevin Weeks on the team for a while there. The goal he wanted to much money. We said, bye-bye. And he was like the hanging or something. Very articulate. Spoken like with a British accent. Very very bright guy. And this goes back to what I was talking about yesterday. And we had these calls from guys, well, I'm an African American. I hate to break the news to you. I don't want to burst your bubble. I know you've been, you've been propagandized by the white, you know, the, the, the white bureaucracy here in America. But the fact is there is no such thing as an African American. Any more than on a Polish American or a Russian American. Because my ancestors, a couple of generations ago may have come from those countries. Hey, that, like there's no such thing as an African Canadian. You never, well, you'd be laughed off the streets if you said that up there. Used to be a black Negro. Then it was black black wasn't good enough. Then oh, well, you're an African American. And then of course, that engendered all of these African names. And like I said, the white majority loves to continue doing this to black people. Because it makes them think that they really, instead of being part of the mainstream. And if you can, you can be a part of the mainstream and still have your say, your own cultural things. Like a tag in the America, they still eat plenty of pasta. And they still go back to the old country if they can. And then they still have, you know, how old is that they may celebrate? Like, Glitos, birthday or whatever it holidays? Huh? So it's like those, it's like the lettuce pickers down in South-A. They, you know, they may celebrate Cinco de Mayo, right? All 10 of them. Don't you understand what I'm thinking you never, it's an expensive, but this idea that there's some cultural difference between blacks and whites is unacceptable. If they exprop again, it's bull-crant. It's a bunch of, that's right. That's being foisted over on black America to keep black people in their place. And you know, and I'm the one that's going to say it, but you white people out there, you're not going to admit that you like seeing a big black eye out there, getting into fights and beating the crap out of everybody else. That's what that Peter Welfanaman on Zalabah. Then Coke did away from the ball, motherfucker. That's right. That's what it's all about. And you just don't have the balls. Cause your neurons are marvelous, and because you don't have that level of strength, you just come... I've never expected it from a reason. I've never expected this conversation until there was a major conflict between bullying me. Now... Don't ever do anything in this town expecting you get credit for it or pat on the back because it's highly unlikely that will ever occur. It's 1126 at 560WQAM. This is 560-UAM. It's safe! In my name, it's El, and it's 560W. It works the ocean in the basket. Different for our back and the ice is second totally different place. In cuanto eno1tersa in the basket where on the i ball balls sounds... But the bottom has to go off side and something like that. But al lonely but in the basket. What do I do? I'm gonna ask you to rub it on my run-in. What's the lorsing in the bass? But have to try to eat my schizofe. I'm gonna ask the lorsing in the bass. I said, dog, bro. I switch my beef in my legs. I said, oh, bro. I like to dance around this way. I said, oh, me. I'm gonna ask quite a good answer. Mommy. I want to look for a new wall for my name is Paparulville. I'm not gonna ask you in the bass kid. I get four by schizofe. It works for the lorsing in the bass. I owe my Papi here. It works for the lorsing in the bass kid. How much does it go? It works the lorsing in the bass. I got my schizofe in my graduation. Why do I want to see a number one thing you can think about American light culture? It's all in the pretty one, it's 560W to see when. Oh, that lady, I was just gonna go to her and she hung up. I was just gonna put her on and she had disappeared. I don't like that bitch, huh? Open line of day with that bitch, just hung up 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. I saw that sweetheart. Here's the mobile and hollywood. Hello. You know, happy New Year. And same user. Uh, hopefully. I love the pants as I love going to the games. I can't follow it to music anymore. Yeah, it's loud. Not this worse. It's not as bad as it was in the beginning, but it's still annoying. And then you know something they never give you a breather. In other words, as soon as one thing stops, they start something else. They never give you like 30 seconds to kind of lay your ear drum's roll back into place and get your brain on scramble. They never give you a breath. I know it really sucks. I wish there was something to do about it. I think it's louder now than it was in the beginning. No. No. I'm sitting close to the ice now. So maybe it's reverberating off the ice yourself. It's just think about the Peter Rorel. I guess my own philosophy on it is. It's not a few places. We can go to watch a black eye. Be it the crap out of the white guy. And it's sent us us five minutes. Mm-hmm. I don't know what else to get delicious. There's one here. One of these. Well, nobody will tell me. I mean, you were there last night? Yeah. You saw the psychotically hysterical reaction with this guy who does absolutely nothing. He can't skate. He can't pass. He certainly ain't going to score any goals. And the reaction to him would be like the savior just came out of the clouds. It was weird. But I didn't see what's promoted. Because I'm watching. I'm watching. I just want to get thrown off on the guy. I could not. I didn't see. Yeah. He was behind the goal. Okay. Your phone is crap out. It was the right in front of me. And he elbowed the guy for you four times. And that's what they wanted to see. But I mean the reaction. And Peter, Peter. These are comes back here. They're blue. And um, this guy who can't play the game worth a crap, they were cheering him like he does. The second and third coming. Okay. Scoreed. We have an open line and date one and broad, if we still hurt for many of those 18, those 99% of the people. Yeah. Of course not. 560 and Pawn 560 on the 18th and T Wireless Line. Spionless Jelly Fish. Here's a mobile-in-footlaughter day. Hello. How about tri-deer? I'm trying to help a lot. And I am the head to focus on today. Okay, great. Okay, we have two open lines in Broward and one in date. 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Please bear with me. I have a little bit of a cold. But nevertheless, yes. I just returned from Europe with my wife the first time. There, we started in Paris which I understand. Right exactly. Yeah. Although we liked it. But then again, it was our first time we were impressed. And then we went to Spain. I was hoping to go to Italy next time. But we just Spain had a marvelous time. Where did you go on Spain? We went to Barcelona. Barcelona. We went to Savil. How was Barcelona? Barcelona is beautiful right on the Mediterranean. We had a great weather. Great food, great drink. But more importantly, the people are human beings. Yeah. I mean, just people are friendly. Everybody taught, see, I want to Madrid. And I was a band in person in Spain. Everybody says you should never go on a Madrid. Because it's like going to the domino park. You know, a bunch across the old spics. You should have gone to Barcelona. It's what they said. Well, we went to Madrid also. And we enjoyed it. We enjoyed it. We enjoyed it. I just could have a little bit of it. Yeah, we enjoyed the sight trips more than that. And Madrid itself went to Toledo, to go with you. But I got to tell you just, I mean, just the lifestyle is, is this incredible. It's a world, you know? World different priorities, different attitude. And the last game is not, you know, is not full of neon lights. Right. No strip shopping malls. There you go. Oh, man. God. Amazing. Most of the grass mills outland mall. I just want to mention that I thought about you because you are absolutely correct. Sir. Well, wait until you get to Italy next time. We're going to be going soon. We're the real world is. Okay. I'll be back to you. I'll be back to you. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18, two, one. Is that continue banging away, pounding away, begging, screaming, squeezing, will I get one call today for what I'm looking for? No. Of course not. Let's talk about the funky chicken and Martin Hanks from the 49ers. Okay. Do you want to talk about that? No. See, again, I'm out there on the limb. But I know what I'm saying is true. I know what I'm talking about. There are a lot of things. A lot of areas where I know nothing. For example, finance. I'm going to have the worst. The worst person. I could have made so much money in a stock market in the last two, three months. If I had any balls or brains that I have neither. None. You just, you know, you get into that panic back in October. Oh, my God. And you start realizing, hey, this is gambling, baby. You've worked all your life to accumulate whatever money you got. And it's gambling. And you sit there and you look at IBM sitting there. It was not like, what? 80, 90 bucks a share and out to 180. And you look at A, oh, well, it's down to what's 76 now. It's 150. And these stocks are going up 20 and 30 and 40 points a day. It's gambling, baby. So when it comes to that stuff, I know nothing. I'm the kind of person quite frankly who'd be better off letting my money sit in a goddamn CD like the old farce through. Seriously, just accumulating whatever little interest I can get. And that's the plan this other bull crab game. Because I don't know anything about it. But when it comes to the things I'm talking about here today and what comes to this business of the, the gyveste, you can enjuven and white America sitting back and saying, look at that gyveste, nigger. That's what they're saying. That is what white America is saying with this crap. And don't give me this book. Oh, it's cool man. It's cool. Yeah, right. Cool is a frog. It's hard, okay. The dirty bird and the funky chicken and the gym berries of the world. Oh, by the way, gym burg, it's fleshed up greatness column, which I'll use it later. Maybe I'll say that for tomorrow. It's too good to gloss over. Congratulations to Howard Beale, whoever you really are. It's city link. Here's mud in you, right? One of the great columns ever written in his town. December 23rd, 98th issue of city link magazine. North Miami, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. You the first person I've ever heard said that and you make so much sense. About one. About African American. There's no such thing. I know. And I've been in this for years. How many black guys do you know or black people who born in Africa or here now? I know. And this is what I'll be telling my wife for years. I said listen, they don't such thing. I say you are, uh, uh, uh, you're back on his German. I don't hear you think you're German American. Right. So, you know, why should we have to be this is just another way that the lightest establishment and other things they can invention of theirs to create this, to perpetuate this division of the races in this country. You're so right. I mean, you are like, I like it for you and Neil is Gold Boy. Okay. All right. You go away. Go away. Go cracker boy. Go to you boy. We have an open line today. Well, how come we got a piece so bad? Maybe it's because I'm breaking 20 or 30 of these diets out of here today. That could be it. I'm going to start peeing in the cup. I think. So, seriously, it's too long. I walked down a hallway and by the way, when we do a if and when we finally do get up on the third floor there, we get the whole QA. I'm still going to come down here and use the TV them down here. What do you laugh in a bot? That life's all is expensive, man. You think I'm going to use the same toilet seat upstairs that some of those people over there are using? I don't want to mention no names. Oh, the old way Jose, oh, I'll leave him out. Here's a hell and Dale. Hello. Yes. I'm going to somehow and Dale. It's why? This is a live one. So I'm going to somehow and Dale. Yeah. I don't know. I want to ask you a question. I'm going to come up and tell him. Come on. You're with it. Listen. I want to ask you a question. The voice like that, you're telling me to get with it. It's not like guilty. I'm the hilly. Let me ask you a question. Yeah. First of all, the change of the Brian Craig is going to run for mayor of plantation. Well, guess what? We don't care. Okay. See that is a hint at how they don't care about Brian Craig. We don't care about WFTL. We don't care about whatever the situation is that's going to go. Mr. Ego's a little care about that stuff. Okay. All I could say to you is it's a dead one in Helen Dale. It's a real life one. It sounds like it will be entered to me. You sound like it all the end this week. Okay. Go give a rose and burger. Big kiss on his fat pimple. We're going to get out of our face. We're talking important stuff here today. I mean, there are poll question today is, and I've asked this before, but you won't respond to it. Who do you admire most on a Florida panties? The spark plug. We know who he is number 14 or the Schwarz plug. Number 28, which is twice. I guess he's twice the player because twice time 14 is 28. Does that make any sense to you? No. There you go. He don't get twice the reaction. He gets 50 times the reaction because I'm not sure why. Because they like that big, that haircut. It must be it. 20 minutes till noon is 5. 60. WCM got hanged coming up from the sporting bruise from 2 to 6. We got Kimber. No, it's not Hank. It's not Hank. It's Kimber. What do you mean by that? My schedule does not say that. Well, I forgot to put the new one up there. Or I wasn't here or something happened. Do you mean the hoppers not going to be on today? Yeah. Where the hell is he today? He was talking yesterday about maybe going to Vegas for New Year's. Or sticking a mile of motion that's super playoff game here. I was him. I'd be in Vegas. And what is it? Kimber's not a two and then one. And well, whatever was on after that, we got the big goddamn, what is it again? The micron PC, the pool and weed whackers. Stick it there where the moon don't shine in your back. Boom. Boom. 10. It's 5. 60. 2. 2. New on God. Oh, you said, I'm troubled now. In bed tonight. Now look what you do. Oh, that's what we say. Just a dress, just a dress. That's what we say. Drift arm. Oh. Can't listen to this. Yeah. I guess, fine. Good. Works work, come. She's saying, the dress like a low-locked girl. It's like you do. We're super ready for a hat. Where are the signboard seats? She's got she's so gas-damned. Drift arm. Not the two. That's what it is. She's got that. Good. She can come on my way. Just the way I like. As for the way the same dress. And dress back like this. And say dress on. Oh. Back to with the stay dress. That's that little dress. Because I like her. She's super. That's what I like. Well, if I don't know, what I'm saying. That's that. All of this. That's that. That's that. That's that. That's that. That's that. That's that. That's that. That's that. Oh. Me 24. Me 24. Me 24. Me 24. Me 24. Yes, did you take a puke at this? We just got thanks to us the latest up to the minute totals on our center one campaign Which officially ends in two days on the 31st and is basically a pretty much your come to the end of the run 138,826 bucks Oh, it doesn't include what did I give it this morning from last night of the game 110 Right, well this envelope got all kinds of stuff in it that I'm sure is not totaled on there. It does Why Also not the she has no way of knowing that why don't you why don't you give me the add that up? Okay, my work posking around here and I guarantee we're gonna like right up there about 140 grand Now it's interesting the most we ever rate for a center one before two years ago And this was on the old WI Ooty we raised 140 grand and that was with the best of fill with solar course like hotcakes and the best in the old two volumes and the best of a recon touch which And whatever else we had the t-shirts and all those multiple appearances violator from people And so like about you know a few weeks ago They were standing me around here. Well, you know we understand from Carol the most you ever got for sitting was 140 you so if you do like 70 You're ready all by yourself. That's pretty good And I said I don't want to do it all by myself. Okay. I've been doing all by my stuff for much of my life I'd rather do it with somebody else's assistants 676 676 that means two and zero and five 139,502 dollars Which means we need 498 dollars by the close-up tomorrow To reach 140 grand like falling off a log like fall I bet you that buddy neven is gonna Set us over check huh if I wait man, where's that envelope? I bet you in here because he said sent a ones are real good cons. It's a yeah, yeah, we're the charity and I'm looking at the envelope I'm looking for buddies checked. Did we find it? No, no, do you see it's checking there? No, come on buddy Don't see it. God must have fallen out 498 bucks more to reach 140 grand. I wasn't that a shandard. We don't have like somebody around because it is the holidays naturally There ain't nobody around here Wouldn't it be great if we had the QA in vain or we could send Sam or Chris or somebody out like on a street corner? Huh? In the next two hours in the 13 minutes and we can get up to 140 grand total today. That would make me feel like it was worth coming in today Two-up aligns a date county five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wildest line and by the way Did you didn't look at the individual stores or did you the borders? You're never gonna guess which store had the biggest total last week Christmas week Kendall no wrong Boka and as fact it was in date the top two locations weren't in date and they weren't in Wow, they weren't Palm Beach Boka did 20, 195 bucks and boint in dates was number one with 30, 160 bucks last week. How do you like that? I mean haven't you really did pretty good 2140 candle 1880 and look at that the growth Only what's not on I see in other words we probably are already over how many four well probably not because coconut growth here is blank We didn't do squat in the grow we didn't even go and and do a squat in the grow now. We didn't do that week after week I look on these list and in fact what's the yeah the grove is missing the week before it's a blank 560 bucks there the week before that 40 bucks there the what we did nothing in the grow Because basically I mean what do you got in the grove you got a bunch of bags and suppose done here, okay? I thought we had lots of bags and suppose, but I guess our bags and suppose do not listen live in the grow That's the depressing that's unbelievable So we are gigantic up there in Palm Beach County. How do you like that? We only had a line for them. Well, though. We do we have that 90 or 3000 but we never say it because we're too cheap to sit Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you doing great? All right listen. I was watching Monday night football last night Did someone mention this already? No How Michael? Yeah, you know that he was back from from a break and he said the magic word the yellow and clear The yellow no FH you got all my god. He said on the air. Yes. Wow Oh, I follow my chair when I heard that in my my dog I don't know the end of him because I think the reason they got geford off the games among he was he was starting to take a rap right on a year or two was just saying it was taken one Yeah, and no wonder the bags were in over the way I'm about to the ratings. Yeah, it's because Too much crap. Yeah, okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Bamble see you All right, my long for those old days when I was big satellite the disioners the owners of the big dish We used to see all those alive back calls all those feeds whether used to say every word It's ever been invented you see all of the thought behind the scenes stuff that was great We have an open line in date one in Broward five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty On the 18 to wireless line. I mean once in a great while I'm sitting up there. You're gonna set up straighter. Yeah, we're always we This is this why are we doing this? We're going back to that fucking bullshit on eight squeeze coaches corner and after everything else It's been taken care of They will f**k bullshit. You got it great. That's the don Cherry just those little bit on the back call feed They're on the CBC on the anacus that life for you big dish lovers couple weeks ago Where we go in here is Kendall? Hello? Hey, I'm gonna yell yes, sir. You know what I'm a dolphin fan, but I've really pulled back while you're Christmas Johnson took over and I just barely let the people watch the occasional game And really, but I know I'm an interest in football other in the dolphin thing when then that's losing its power But I never heard of the dirty bird prior to the game the other day The Atlantic and all they said the dirty bird business and then you know there I guess there's a player Tyrell Buckley who's been there for one oh now his nickname is tea buck Right, so Everybody everybody have to be having a nickname. Yeah, where that came from but you know I'm always amazed I never heard of stupid dirty bird could care less about all so that's big thing I don't know a local meeting and now the dirty bird. Yeah, like Look at the crap. No, nobody that's right, but you know what I know you cuz whether that you serialize I know you call other than when you talk You know, whatever about the blacks you say you sparkers I've always preferred to turn former Nigerians myself because they're not black Americans I mean they're not African Americans they're former Nigerian what what meaning what what? So that's the main reason they came from when they were you know captured by their fellow Africans and sold to the white man Yeah, that's a problem. They'll never want to do it. Well, I can't well. Let me ask you this seriously. Why can't people just be American? Exactly. I've no problem with that. You know, and I agree with you You have to have hyphenate what else have human Americans in Italian Americans in African Americans You can't help it. I'm propagating it's bullcrap. There's no such thing Exactly because now you you hit on the head, but you missed the brain except because now we have the African or we have the African Americans for Well, but now we all have to say the politically correct thing during the holiday We don't have the one No, no, we don't know what I know. I know I don't know you don't, but I was saying that's a thing Well, happy new year That guy sounded like a little the only saying like a little over the age like maybe he's planning on an authentic ameding this year the first of the new year We have an open line of date one in Broward 5 6705 50 I mean you go to Toronto. They got all those Chinese All those Asian people mostly Chinese that they call him Chinese Canadians. No, they got all those pack of stannies there They called you know getting them out cabin Toronto. They're got a cab driver say oh, oh, how do you do? I'm a pack of stony Canadian. No, of course not Defend Johnson ever say oh, I'm a African Canadian No, it's ridiculous. It's laughable The hyphenated Americans all the better to keep you know separating them and you know divide and conquer divided and conquer divide and conquer That's what it's all about that's what they white the lilywaters establishment loves Compartmentalize divide and conquer just be a god then American, okay We're not interested where you got them grand the mother came from in Quinta, Kintay We're not interested in you know Anna Solomon we don't care about all those old bubble mice. He's okay Continent Jason stop this bull crab. Oh, will it be part of our culture and let me say it again Let me say it one more time very clearly I travel all over the world. I see people of color in other parts of the world who speak perfect English Just as I am speaking to you right now just as Ed Bradley speaks it and just as Julian Bond speaks it and just as Barbara Jordan used to be speaking it before she be dead Okay So stop giving me this crap about it take cultural thing or an ethnic thing It's an American butcher propaganda to keep a lot of people on the end on the bottom Run of the totem pool to keep black people under white people's thumb. That's what it's all about and those of you brothers and sisters out there They get sucked into this bull crab and you believe it's shame on you Embarrassing just like all the wisdom with the African names now. Oh, man That's a great way to become a part of the mainstream. Oh, we know a lot of become about what line up Why not I mean, you know we can only open up so many McDonalds and Burger King's in the NBA franchise. It ain't doing too good right now either Get a brain get a brain and start resisting all of this bull crab to compartmentalize and teach you that you're somehow You know different because your skin is a different color. That's what we're supposed to be moving away from Here's a lady in Palm Beach, yellow Hey, you know, you're a great nice Jewish girl for when a pig calling you oh Oh, if they Jewish Canadians a Jewish Canadian Oh, how fittingly perfect right you probably not a but probably not too many Jews in winter peg a well There's about 16,000 of us Yeah, there's too many of us that a lot of Jews in Toronto a lot of Jews in Toronto Right, I just wanted to call on here vacationing in Palm Beach for the last two weeks Unfortunately, it's the first day that I tuned into your show and I have to tell you your fabulous I am really are I'm Think I'm thinking to moving to miss a song well myself. I think miss a song is not just a good place So I think when a peg would be better. It could be the new coach of the ice dogs and get cherry out of there One for the only thing we haven't went to peg now is just a two and 12 CFL team Yeah, and that is shame you lost your happy team I mean, I was such a great thing you would be all white with a palm palms and you know Intramated desperate attempt to keep their teams but it's all money now, you know That's right. We couldn't do it, but we sure missed them let me tell you yeah I know I've been you miss them a lot now. Well, we sure do we really do we have to travel Phoenix now to watch them And they're playing pretty damn good. Well, actually, they really are So we left them they left us and we're still we're still running around there though We're okay. Well, have a happy new year. Hey You mean you don't think so much for entertaining all of us out here in Palm Beach and I just want thanks You too, okay, what do you got means? Okay? We are she said what she's a spares and change mr You're supposed to win you from Canada to you're supposed to know whatever spares and change mr And you just keep walking looking straight ahead You have to be a bad about that because I've always got some change in my pocket. Why not stop it. I'm cheap. I'm not very far from being cheap But it's just I think it's a psychological thing you feel that if you do it the first time But every and then it got so many homeless people up there in Toronto That's it one of the greatest cities in the world is Toronto It's not going to do these surveys. They rate the various cities But the one this grace the one shame that they have are the homeless people And Especially this time of the year where it starts getting really really cold and nasty and freezing I mean so many homeless people out there sitting on the street. Yeah, and they're so goddamn polite They're so polite Spare some change mr for a cup of coffee. Hey, and you just walk up. I haven't I stopped anyway You could just barely hear them there. That's why they're starving to death. I think you can't hear speak up a little bit okay Spare some change their pal Something like that You know being polite is one thing, but starving that that's another thing speak up father You happen all the boy I'm a cat no that was a nice try anyway 1157 and 550 WQAM This is 560 UAM The Neil Rodgers show now on five 60 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale I can't have an orange Driving around Okay Oh Okay Probably one of five sixty wqm happy new year from all your pies on there so Kimba both campers gonna be on to a clock this afternoon He doesn't trick no crap from anybody. He's a good American. Wouldn't know hyphen in the middle Open on a day five six seven. Oh five sixty. So here we are. We got on the air for over a little over two hours now Have I had one I mean I realized how much we're whole bunch of other crap there in the beginning But if I had one call from one of those 80 or 90% of the known-offings there in that macarina who are obsessed with a big black guy named Peter One call that were explained to the rest of us like yes, are too slow too stupid or whatever it is to understand what the biggest tracks Is there no And then doesn't that speak for itself? Yeah, I think that speaks for itself Here's a mobile in four lot of deal hello Hey Neil has a going great happy new year after all of those you're out I get I don't go very many hockey games Don't get an opportunity to a little expensive for me. But a little high price right yeah I am a season ticket holder for the dolphins and it's basically the same because You know they want you to cheer on defense you know when the teams on defense You know to disrupt the other team's offense But you same assholes start doing the wave when the offense is on a yellin and they're screaming And you look at him you like people to do the wave you look at a guy to do it away when you immediately in your mind You know, he's an asshole. That's right. Well, it's like you know it's like St. We're safe for instance, you know the last it nearly ended the quarter that the dolphins are driving and here these punches up there Going well in two three. Let's go, you know like you know They're trying to say I'm like Shut up and let the guy call a plate He's in the hole right that's right. I'm listening. I want to I want to tell you something meal You know I'm here. Okay. You turned me on the fish food. Yeah, which was great. Well, there you go You turn me on to that Hot to bring go to a hockey game you go out there and get can you imagine how many pints of fish would you get for a price of one hockey ticket? Yeah, right God. Oh, by the way Your oscillator must be Fixed be working the same as the escalator at Gerobi stated that we go to because this never working really We're coming in just as many good escalator connections maybe if there's an escalator repair guy out there listening They just like we had the bug guy coming yesterday off the street maybe he could stop by the state even then zip on up to the macarina and Work it out. Yeah, if you don't go into the stadium soon enough like You can't make it up because escalator's broke so far. I would say 95% of the home games than the macarina the escalator I do not you know, which I'm not that old and people and I can't walk my way up there But I'm sure there are a few people who would like the assistance and that was supposed to be one of the nice deals here Nice covered escalator and the only problem is it don't work right that same with us You know when we want to go up, you know, we got the cheap seats in the upper deck, you know, but still And you get to walk that whole spiral thing up there and you're gonna get your gas for air But anyway, you turn me on to fish food you turn me on to that pace and the state stuff which was pretty good stuff. Yeah, yeah Yeah, can I turn you on to something? Yeah, okay? You like any sir league products? Sir really yeah, I don't have kind of fast-lob like me being sir-alive I know that's like fish food. I mean I like I love it really I don't want to kill you. Okay. I don't need to stay. Okay, happy new you I don't want to hear about I don't want to be rude to the guy. No, I don't want to hear about it Isn't that just one age for the new year is sir-alive? No, we have an open line at Broward to a dead I'm still I'm searching on begging pleading I'm probing I know you're out there. You're not fooling me. You're certainly not fooling this audience. They know you're out there hiding somewhere On you people from last night where I would think that you've told yourself off by now and come down a little bit I mean it was a nice game. It was a big victory to team is hot there playing good right now. It was enjoyable from that standpoint But we're looking we're looking for a certain breed of piao fan out there. I use the word loosely We want to know what it is that's cranking your chain about this crap. What is it that's got you so worked up to a frenzy Peter, Peter, what is it? We're missing it. We don't see it Point and be chill out Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I had a question for you. First of all the the guy who calls the load oh My thunder I was gonna tell you about the outmike was and He would shot out over the air, but I just can't get over it. Yeah, it's hilarious Listen, just got a computer for Christmas. Yeah, how do I get through to uh still Henry's Website whatever you know I want to pick him up listen. What's the George what's the deal on that? I'm feels the website is a carefiting Take the ear tool show one moment, please. Okay one moment, please do it. You're looking at the point. Thank you In fact, if you want to hang on George you'll tell you I appreciate it. No, okay. Oh, no, he's got a win. What is it? KSI640 dot com. KSI640 dot com. KSI640 dot com. 40 dot com. Right. Thanks, much Neil. Okay. I have a happy. Yeah Okay, okay Okay, Dave County's open 567560 pump 560 animal mobile one line. I'm pressing. I'm probing. I'm looking. I'm searching. I got my navigation equipment out here. I'm I'm just trying to uncover. I got my microscope my guide damn uh telescope Searching for one of those 19,000 people last night 80 or 90% of whom are hyperventilating. They're still moist from that experience last night. I've seen this big black guy out there. They're new hero. Please let us in on it. I mean, if this is like I let you in on the fish food I could have kept it all for myself. I let you in on a Tyson season these trips for all you act can die at people. I could have kept it all of myself. There's something spectacular going on there and the rest of us they the small minority must were too stupid. We're missing it. We're looking right at it. We just don't see it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. In honor of you, I've been a long time listener. I've never called. I know you're looking for money for center one. I'm going to donate $1,000 in your name. Oh, God bless you, sir. What a guy. I'd like to do it anonymously. I mean, I'm not looking for the publicity, but I think it's such a good center. They do good work. Yeah. I want you to go over the top. Okay. Thank you. Hang on George. I'll give you the rest where to send her. Okay. Hang on. There he is. How do you like that, huh? Oh, each or hard out buddy nevins with that puter little illiterate letter that you sent me this morning. But what would you expect to get from a future little illiterate guy like buddy nevins? But a future little illiterate letter. And that's exactly what I got. The different between me and Wayne. Yeah, I got more here. I don't have a lot. But the different between me and Wayne is I got a lot more here. He's got a lot more money. No, I would prefer to have a lot more money. But I got news for him. If I had the billion dollars that he's got, I wouldn't be such a mean spirited prick as he is. Okay. And I wouldn't be always worried about, oh, I'm making more money on this. Yeah, he's a business man, but when you got a billion dollars, so what's the big deal? He lost a few million here. He lost a few million here. He, uh, he's not missing any meals. We have two open lines in days. These lines ought to be smoke in here today. They ought to be smoke in, but we can't, we can't extract even a little bit of honesty out of the so-called fans. This is supposed to be a sports station, which thank God for me that usually I give a little bit of a breath of fresh air from that for four hours a day. A chance to have a mental enema from all that soil. But on your supposed sports station every time we play this, it's like a heightened seat game. Can't find those Panther fans nowhere, no, how? Even though every God damn, what a mess out there, listen right now. Every one of you are listening. Am I right? Yes. God damn it. Nine minutes after noon. If I want to, what's the point? Why do I keep doing this? Why do I keep getting all worked up to a frenzy? When I know they're not going to respond, how can somebody respond to you when they have nothing to back up what they're going to say? I give an example. I was in Kmart yesterday doing that thing for the toilet seat, you know, wasting my time. And I get this all the time. I mean, I go into like, publics are going to Kmart and there are people, you see them do like a double take. And they'll turn around and you realize that they recognize you. Okay, well, they can say, hey, honey, how are you? I always am friendly. How are you doing? I used to see. I love your show, but whatever. 15 seconds tops. So I'm in Kmart yesterday. I'm walking, wondering around, looking for where the guy in toilets seat places. And here's the guy in his, I would say, 60s with his wife. And he does does the same thing. It looks like, you know, and she says, and you can tell he said, oh, that's the aridges. He's, well, why don't you say, hello, little. Well, I'm already like, you know, 20 yards up the thing there, you know. Here's the guy in a, in a Kmart. He doesn't have the balls just to say, hi, Neil, I worry. Is that man ever going to call this show? No. I mean, are you kidding me? He doesn't have the balls just to say, hello. Much less the call is showing take on, you know, good. Or even just have a, you know, a civilized conversation and say, happy new year. He doesn't have the cohones for that. I say, I think instead of in Kmart, they should have been shopping in the cohones place. 10 minutes after 12 at 5.60, WQN, oh, I saw we we. Why are all the bad I really don't think So let's do that Just keep going I'm gonna show the Letter But where is He? Told he was  What's going on? He seems to be a baby I'll let him live I can't see the ball, it's really easy to make. Don't live him cause he likes it from behind. Well 15 to 5, 50 WCM, the deadlines are wide open. There's a big, big vacuum, a gigantic vacuum date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on the mobile one line. They just won't do it, man. They're like a brick wall. Here's a mobile and hollywood. A good nail. Yes sir. We have to nail. Winner's thought of days. I want to thank you for your attention. That's the CDs that great this year. And over 140 grand, how do you like that sir? If you all time record for Stenna one, all by ourselves here, me and George. Beautiful. But I wanted to put us to the one I said. Oh, yeah. Plus by the way, we raised 20 grand for Phil's charity out there. The kids place, what about thing is out in LA with Phil CD earlier in here. So this year on this station, we raised over 160 grand. Nice calling Neil. Thank you. And spite of that little prick bloody nevens. Do you know the man, Neil? I demand. I'm a seasoned chicken older in section 128. Yes sir. I can see the goal lights and the shoot twice then just cause they sit back there. Right. But I can't see the one on the other side. How difficult is it? Every arena in North America that they play hockey and you can everybody that sits in the stands can see the goal light and the green light at both ends. But in the macaroon at $200 million, we can't see the goal lights come on if you're depending on where you're sitting and they don't care enough to fix it. Nope. I've been waiting for that. Why did you catch state? You weren't paying any attention. Just at Peter Rugged away from the puck mother. You're in no way going to need that. We're going to use that as a drop, please. Okay. We have an open line in day one at Broward. We have a number of five 60, palm five 60 at a mobile one. I still wait in the 17 pass known two and a quarter hours into the show. And we had one person, one of these hysterical people that's in a state of hysteria. That's folding at the mouth. That's dripping down there. Squirtier. I can't even say it on here. I can't say penis on here. That just I emotional. From this big black sparture that comes out there and kicks the crap allegedly out of whoever's on the other team. Or occasionally gets the crap kicked out him. They still like it. In fact, maybe they like that better. And they're stumbling and fumbling and trying to find his way to wherever he's going. They love it. They're obsessed with it. I don't think we're having hockey games out there. I think we're having clan meetings at the neck arena as well. Yeah. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, Chilo. No, no, no. Yes sir. Yeah. We don't have a vacation or let you know for all the truck drivers. You know, let's see all the time. All right. All right. Everyone's on the day of my radio every day. God bless those truckers. That's what I've always said, pal. Let me tell you, this thing is a goddamn cop state. Why would I have a tension? They were out everywhere. Right? And then get less than right. Yeah. That is what I want to let you know that. We all listen to you. We got people shooting each other. We got gangs. We got people dropping like flies in his town. And everybody's sitting up more speed traps to say happy holidays to us. That's right. Yeah. They don't care about it. People get shot right. You know, and he can just want your money. There you go. And then close them. And God bless you sir. Have a great new year. Yes sir. And slow down. We have an open line in day one and bro. Five. We got we're seriously. Are we going to find one today just one who's got a little bit of a ball out there maybe a little bit of a growth. No. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pomp five sixty. This is the whole thing though. You've heard of the Phantom of the Opera. It's the Phantom of the Panther fans. Because there are any. They're like a smattering of it. The rest of the people are just bodies in a seat. That's all. With all their panther jerseys on and their paraphernality which Wayne likes a lot because you're making them a lot of money. Keep it up. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Great. A couple things. I guess people like Peter Warl only because he is a fighter. Honestly, I'm just trying to understand what's going on the league. Did they send out a letter or all the teams that they have to have a token on each team? Well, we don't. Paul Laws is the fighter on the team. I mean, what do we need to know? What I say is token if you notice in the league that there's one black player like on each team like Buffalo. Who's the black player? Who's the black player on Toronto? Well, I'm not every team but I've noticed a black player on Detroit. But you got me on a bunch of teams. But the point is you notice that you're slowly seeing one on a team? Yeah. And I'm just trying to know what happens. There's not any good. No, no, you're wrong about that. My career is a very good player on Edmonton. My fear has been to the league for many many years. He's still one of the best school. He's in league for saying Lewis. Everybody's how about Anton Carter? He's a hell of a good player? How many black players can you name for me who are in the league? Why aren't good players? He's side Peter Warwell. What about the guy I'm Boston? I can't remember his name. Anton Carter's not a good player? He's fair. He's fair. He's one of the better young players in the league. Get out of here. Go back to your plan. You'll get your pointed hoeden. Get out of here. All the way does have a point. You know, I've said this for the last seven years and we're serious. You black folks have taken all the other sports away and that's fine. You know, we can deal with it, especially like the NBA. You know, have a good time. Sitting on the sidelines. But leave hockey for us white people. Okay, but got to have something. Leave hockey to the white people. We don't mind a few tokens for our season. I think like I said, I apologize to the last guy at a good point. But he is wrong about Anton Carter. He's a real good player. And so he's ran fewer and there's a Donald Bashir. I can take him or leave him. He's a fighter. Everybody. But let's see. There's a difference between being a fighter being a goon. And just being a player who can fight like tie Domey. There's a little player. There's a guy that's got three goals seven of six. He's got ten points. He can skate. He's a player. He's got some skills. And by the way, they just took a survey in a hockey news. All the other players in league vote tie Domey is the best fighter in the league. He's always like a little midget guy comes up to their perfect. He's still knocks the crap out of most of the time. Here's a mobile and Delray B. Chilla. Okay, nice talking to you too. Load out your ass up there and Delray with all you old farts. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's my me Lake. Hello. Great. Two quick things. First I more than glad to say that I donated $100 to us. And everyone. Thank you. Last week when I called I asked George for the. For number and I also heard it over the years. So and I had a couple of friends that had the phone number and we've had him made it a hundred. Not too much, but so I can afford all that money. We appreciate it. Second thing that you get the toilet business fixed. No, I got to go to home people. I went to a came art. Okay. Good. I mean, they sold me like a baby toilet seat. Right. Yeah, because I had the same problem with the toilet. And I bought one from came or a matter of fact, no excuse me. My mistake. I bought it from Walmart. Walmart. Yeah. I bought it from Walmart and I had a small accident. Small big accident. So yeah, I put it on and I felt right through the right thing. I'm thinking of the toilet. I'm thinking of the right thing. But you know something. I'm thinking of that. Now this may sound gross test. When you come right down to it, who really needs the toilet seat? What am I looking at me like that? Why do you look at me with a look at that would kill? Maybe you wouldn't fall right. But no, you're a little spick. Okay. You would fall right in. I got a big fan ass. I'm a big fat old Jew. Okay. I probably could like a and you know something that would be more like the European Stail toilet seats, which allow for a much easier, more relaxed. Right. They're more contrary to the body. They're like wider. But that porcelain's really cold. Oh, and now how about if he he'd it? Huh? Keeper than buying a $200 toilet seat, whatever you're talking about. Yeah, George is telling us money about electrical toilets. I just want a goddamn toilet seat. I don't want a designer toilet. They have them and came out. They were in a fabric once. Jesus. Can you imagine anything messier than having a fabric toilet? Oh my God. I mean, I know it's the middle of lunch. I don't want to start talking about splitter and splatter and stuff like that. Spittle and splatter. But trust me what I'd tell you. No fabric toilet seats for this guy. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I had my first triple Los Angeles last weekend. Yeah. And this is the roadie. So we're for the holiday. And I didn't drive out there. But they drove down the freeways. And they got freeways that won't stop. And they do not have accidents. We got one Mickey Mouse freeway here. What's we going to how to drive? That's because they drive with their directionals. They put their blinker on and if somebody wants to get in the lane, you let a man in the old drive that way because they know how to drive. This is this period. Every day we got to. But it is just that is the tankers and the truck drivers. Everything is a mess here. I mean, you see for our apples. Yeah. I could tell you that went out there and set there for the whole weekend. No accidents. Sir, I'm going to tell you go to any really big city like Detroit. Okay. Detroit has got a great expressway system. They drive like a bad on a hill. They all know how to drive well. You'll see maybe a tent of the accidents. Their percentage was as you'll see here. They know what they're doing. And they don't sit there and drive with their break. They drive with the accelerator. When the light changes to green, you can step on the gas even if you're the 10th person in line. Because everybody else is stepping on the gas. Here if you're 10 people back, you know you're going to have to wait like two or three lights because they're picking their nose. Or they're picking somewhere. But the owner of the team. Right. But the Los Angeles, I could not believe. I mean, my God, this is my, my, my, my, my. My, my friends turned left or something like that. Yeah. I got these people. Well, it's a real place. You're confusing reality with fantasy. This is Lala and Pollywood. Oh, these people here. I mean, if, if, if one of the four drivers went out there. They said, we should pull them over immediately. We think it. We sent a lot of the floor to drive us out there. We probably never seen again. Well, the police pull over immediately. Thank you. I mean, okay. I haven't written your power. Like I said, we never see them again. We have a, you think about it. We have an open line of day one and a, Broward five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on our mobile one line. How are we getting any Peter world stories here today? No. Does anybody out there know who he is? No. This is happening to this so many times. The same. It's just a little, you know, a few thousand people who pretend that they know what they're talking about. They didn't, but they don't have the courage of their convictions. They won't call these show. They'll probably call a bank one day when it comes back from the New Year's. Talk with him about hockey. They'll call up that frog Denise Pac-Man. Who doesn't have the balls to tell the truth about Peter World Rail. Who couldn't skate his way out of a goddamn, uh, Kmart. 26 past known at five, sixty, WQAM. I've been in one thing about this year. You know, every year when the year is over, we look back in the highlights in the low life. One thing for 1998, I did a great service for you. I introduced you. I turned you on to the wonders of Ben and Jerry's fish food. Oh, that's right. Now maybe you put on some weight too bad. You'll have to do some dieting. You know, New Year's we do a little bit of dieting. When we talk a lot about it, we try. But Ben and Jerry's fish food is better than sex. That's right. Better than bad sex. And sometimes better even than good. It's just incredible, really. It's. If chalk that ice cream loaded with gooey caramel and marshmallow right down the center. And loaded with little chalk that pieces shaped just like fish. Little hard chocolate pieces. And you put this in a microwave for about take a pint. You put it in there for about 32 seconds, 37 seconds. And you melted to just the right consistency. And I'm going to tell you something you put that in your purse. And you want you want to eat the container. That's how good it is. Ben and Jerry's isn't just. And like I said, maybe 90% of the people out there. They like Peter Warwell. They like vanilla ice cream. They like butter pecan. That's fine for them. If you got some good taste like me, pick up Ben and Jerry's. Great flavors like cherry Garcia. Chocolate cherry Garcia. New York super fudge chunk loaded with all kinds of good stuff in there. Chubby, hubby, chunky monkey. Chocolate chip cookie dough. He's bar crunched. Dastardly mash. And all kinds of yogurt flavors that taste just like ice cream. That's how great they are. Ben and Jerry's is more than just ice cream. It's in the kitchen. You try one time. You'll be just shoveling down. Pied after. Pied after. They'll have to take you out of the house with a crane like a woman in the pop. Pick up by 20 or 30 pints today. Your favorite to supermarket convenience store your favorite mobile station. Or visit to Ben and Jerry's scoop shops. They're in Miami and Evan's room all between blooming nails in the AMC theaters. And Miami beats at 7.60 o'clock. Make a resolution for the new year. A Pied a day keeps something away. This is 5.60, you way out. Yeah, get on board. I'm gonna flip the down road. If you wanna be a winner, it's a place to go. But now stop action everywhere. And no, it's a fun truth to see. Come on board. Fun crews, casino. Odds are. You'll feel like a winner. Now there's exciting nightly events of free boarding cocktail. And all the high rolling Las Vegas tile action you can handle. There's more excitement and more big winners than ever before on Sun Drusca, Ceno. Bending to see a nice fish. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. A Ceno, Cob KI 215. Ceno, Ceno, Ceno, Ceno. Do you know how to train British photography? Ceno, do you know how to train British photography? Doesn't it look weird to me? decision is missing. I've got a green diamond's emptied by beingbody in Polish artory. Ceno. The bestplayers is related to thego's 3000d brothers. Ceno. You're the deciding company for a gig and you're too here to test it. you'd have thomas then? Ceno did. Ceno has been her first record anywhere. I've got around 900 units. Ceno did. Ceno is 7- Battle- Control company about 70% A monster that keeps an important revolver between Tuhan and Ceno. So, Ceno, Ceno and Ceno are already white. 29 of us. Get to the shoe! 29 of us for America's best talent call, the 1999 Tender. For five with zero doubt payment. Plus get to a Yoda on savings on four runners, draft four, Abelon. He hit her pants, even though he all knew Salaera Co. You know it's not on the first 30. 20 years of toy art is off. 20 years of savings. For a new 1999 Tender, which just took 29 of us. 10 years of money. 10 years of money. 10 years of money. 10 years of money. He caught himself Florida. Hey kids, are you tired of a neighborhood boy? Yes don't worry lunch money. I shut up kid and tell him Monta hold a mail next time. 6 times. I'm quite back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no. Just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new shit, cad candy bars. Shocked? Yes, it's a new candy bar. Made entirely from recycled cow dung. Daren tea did turn your stomach. So next time. All right kid, give me a lunch. No, no. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar. Hey, cool. Oh, this tastes like shit. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We have a lunch. You got a little lunch when you take the buy to that shit. Get far. Okay, 1231 at 5.50 WCM. Somebody faches me from the American Heritage College Dictonary. The definition. Then it's interesting. You look under German. And it's got that. We're going to hell with it. Well, you know what it's got. Somebody from German ancestry or etc. Or German origin. Or you look under Polish or it's same thing. But you look under African. And then underneath the definition for African is African American. All of or relating to Americans of African ancestry. Afro American and American of African ancestry and African. African ancestry and African. So, so this is propaganda invented and perpetuated by the blood by the white establishment. And by Alex Haley, who had a free. Anglicized name by the way. I interviewed Alex Haley on K.T. and guess what? He's dead now. Here's a mobile info a lot of deal. Hello. Deal. Yes sir. He had a done. Great. And I'm not a long time. A hot piece of fan. But I can see some ticket holder. Yes. And the war hell is an epitome. He's going to put him in a hockey player. Can you fight? He's going to put him in a hockey player. He's the epitome of hockey. Okay. Thank you sir. Okay. Give him the stuff from the dictionary. Okay. Well, no. We got we got to have the American heritage scholarship there. Right here. He says he's the epitome of a hockey player. Okay. We have an open line in Droward. 5.6.7.0.5.60. Where we going here is sunrise. Hello. Yes sir. Can't hear you. Yeah. But I was in college in the mid 70s in Boston. I knew a hockey center who labeled himself as an afro-Canadian. And what happened with him was he wasn't buying into the Milton stuff. Whatever was afro-American. So at the hockey games, whenever he score, we whip out a big banner that would say Afro-Canadian. And he's laugh like hell when he could keep the straight face. Where was this? Or at the eastern university. His name was Wayne Turner. He was a black center. Very talented from some outposts in Saskatoon. And it's a fact he won. I knew it was just their head. He's going to win a goal on the beam pot. No one has seen your year. But I was buying into it and his label was afro-Canadian. The beam pot tournament. That's a great thing. It's a great tournament. Yeah. He might even have it a beam pot tournament down here. No. I get it. How is that you of him hockey team coming by the way? No. The good thing is we'll never be the jators and football. And let us take on their hockey team anytime. Do you go? But then it's far as good or well. Migration on skate. Can't skate. Can't fight real either. But maybe he's sure can bite it. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I think he's got a good point. He bites. We have an open line at Broward. Five, six, seven, five. So isn't it interesting? All the people who agree with me who know something about the game. Because this guy obviously knows he's talking about the beam pot tournament. And Wayne Turner. He knows something. So I think the fact that 80 or 90% of the people in that joint are getting excited at the wrong time. And he motion on his sterical over-the-wrong people. That proves what I've said. 80 or 90% of the people go to those games. Don't know the rationale. They're elbow. Right? Here's my Emmy. Hello. You have a filthy mouth. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line at day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Wait at all that time for that? Thank you, sir. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and five, sixty on the mobile one line. I'll wash it out with chloroff. Recto. My mouth too. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi, yeah. Great. I think Peter Laurel can't skate worth the damn they ought to get rid of them. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I'm not interested in anybody else who agrees with me. And it's boring. Five, six, seven, five. Let's keep the lines open for all those thousands of people who are trying to call in here today to voice an alternative opinion who got the guts to disagree with me because they know what a great players all about. Because they really understand the sport. Okay. They'd be understanding it. You know, just calm down. I'm going to guide them dirty bird for just long enough to make a call. I'll sit here and listen very respectfully for about four or five seconds. This is a call from first call. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm calling from the Silicon Valley. And I use Silicon Valley, yes. And I got all the tapes, seven tapes yesterday, and a t-shirt in the mail. What I got from the internet. Great. I want to thank you for it. Are there any of this sort of cassettes available? No. No. Okay. I want to thank you for all the entertainment providers. We work with like 3500 people here. And I'll listen to you while the last two hours of the internet. And we appreciate it. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Happy to hear. And back to you. Okay. We have a two-open life today. 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile lines. We're still waiting for that one call. Listen, keep on the edge of your scene right up till 2 o'clock. They're laying on. And the capital has taken bets on her right now. If you're going to get that one definitive call, is it going to come in between now and two? No. Come on. Miami Lake, Shelo. How you doing there? Okay, sir. No. My grandparents got off the boat from Italy. Thanks. You know, they're head children. And the children, the thing that they wanted to do was assimilate as soon as possible. All the grand children. Yes. That's exactly right. Perfect music. Thank you very much. See? You know, they wanted to become part of, you know, America. They didn't want to be today. They didn't even need to teach Giovanni and Amarito and Emmanuel. They just grabbed the speech. Yeah. Yeah. They're very good. They wanted to be like, you're a American. Right. So tell all these people like you. This is, this isn't a black thing. This is a call for like all these. Our Hispanic brothers that come off the boat and their name and their kids, I dial this. And, you know, I caught it. My name is like that. And it is permissible in America to have as few as two names. I know that comes in the great surprise to many of our Hispanic people. Especially like from Columbia. But it is. It is permissible to have like a three or even just two names. Like to stick you got short. She's like a regular nice guy. Right. I'm not a sometimes. He almost got deported by the way yesterday. Yeah. He was a pretty nice guy. He didn't tell a few lives, but he's still here. He had a Mary like an immersion. Yeah. Well, why not? He said it was a stop. What is he going to do for his citizenship? No, he's not doing that. He wants to hang his keys. Keep in close ties. This in case. Can't see a rope or the casinos are getting in. Okay. I'll read the air. Ciao. It's settled. One Pama to you, Joe. One of us. I need to see him. I'm a storm. Come on, bonus. Very little. A couple of coffee. I think he's going to show up. No. I'm still rubbing that stupid little cat. More than people are scrubbing the talk. Okay. We have an open line of day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. See the fact that I have to go through this and create this arduous task. Even though we know that the end result will be a big flat zero. It proves that it proves my point, which is outstanding. Nice going. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, New York. Great. Yeah, New York. I've been a season ticket older than the Panthers. It didn't afford to just take it. But I went to the first game ever and I've been going. Even to the newer arena all the way from Miami Beach. Which is a long trip. And all these people are going to the games. They just go. So they didn't say, oh, I went to a Panthers gift. They don't know a damn thing about hockey. Yeah. I like that guy that calls you first of all. He will land. That even the best black player on the fifth and fifth earth. Heaven week plays for the Panthers. He haven't weeks doesn't play for the Panthers anymore. He doesn't know what happened. Okay. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. It's 21 till 1 at QAM. So my good buddy Charles Alphayore thought he's now there's a real hockey fan. He's there every game. He's in my section down below there. He's a great hockey fan. He loves the Panthers. He knows what I'm talking about right Charlie. You bet. And you also know all about here because for over 25 years, Charles Alphayore has been supply and rich guys and poor guys and people in between with the best hair system in the business is natural hairline system. And right now he's made it even better looking than ever before he created a lighter, more durable, completely natural look in system. Even when you're here as wet, it looks so great. Nobody can tell you where in the Charles Alphayore natural hairline system. Now if you want to go have holes drilled in your head. Start bleeding all over those plugs and all the mouth you look in waves. You didn't go ahead and do that. But if you want to look years younger and if you want to look like a real man, cheers the way to do it. Call Charles Alphayore. Imagine you heard about him on the Neal Rogers show and Charles will give you a $200 discount on the purchase of that new hair system in no time at all. You'll be looking like a real human being. And by the way, the software's for new clients only. Only one system per person. Unless you've got multiple head. So what are you waiting for? Call the Charles Alphayore studios right now. 1-800-3-2-1-2413. Tell me you want some hair back that Wayne looked at what it's out for the 90s. That number again, 1-800-3-2-1-2413. This is 5-60. 2-A-L. Are you supposed to back him? My friend, I believe Tom this country has a boring, rich young leadership. For that I need your checks to get money orders. Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you. Good man, I'll press John. Try to run our lives with red balls in there. And fall in there, mouth on Friday night. So there's little questions. You wait for hate or drown. And power clasping for a new turn cry. So there's little Christians, brainwashing all their kids. Row up believing every tell-time. You have to say, To be him, I'll let him pay all the bill. So just to know about a real Christmas we need to check from you. Got a very hard decision too. They'll got. Good little Christians, forgive and hear it's been late. That's why they never have to tell my truth. How good little Christians, married to staff for what is, they like to swap and swing and cheat on town. Good little Christians, go check the extra part of them, from brings a fire in the depths of hell. I'm not going to get on the train anymore. I'm not going to go to the west. I'm going to get that nice fire. You've got to go to the road. I've got to take the rest. Okay, take my hand in the stick. It's 16 before 1 at 5. 60 WCM. So let me get this schedule straight now. Kimbo cameras here at 2. Is that correct? Okay. Then Kimbo will be joined by default at 6. That right. And then I'll see. We're going to be on to late. No. We're going to be on the micron PC. We'd whack or pull and stick it in your nose and we're going to move on. Shine bowl. The hurt coolings and some North Carolina who's it? Who did it plan? N.T. State. 730 there'll be a gigantic crowd. Won't there any a P.B. Pardon for that. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 5. 6.705.60. Pomp 5.60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello. You're going to be on the mic. Yeah. I'm going to get rid of Joe van Nau. Only 10 blocks in they stick it in your recto. We're not bad. I'm going to get rid of Joe van Nau. If it's an interesting by the way that Joe van Nau's he's been in fact in the first period last night he made a grow tester and over luckily they shot it wide almost gave up an early goal. He's right in. He's playing horrendous against Tampa and our coach Terry Murray don't confuse him with the truth. Says the guys that don't play good, they're going to get benched in the main time he keeps sitting out Gordon Murphy who never stole a freight train. But any gets a scholarship. He always gets a free pass. I still say any Joe van Nau's he has got naked pictures of the Murray brothers doing it with a goat. I'm done here right now. I agree. And also I know the things he's gotten married and had a kid. Yeah. He didn't get anybody anymore. Well, you doesn't want to ruin his looks. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 5.60. 5.60 on the mobile one line. Are these people addressing the thing that I'm trying to talk about here today? No. Anybody impressed by that phenomenal one of the goals of the year by Ray Wittney last night? No. Now they don't like him. They figure if the coach don't like him, they don't like him. Which I'm very proud of myself by the way. After they announced the goal by Ray Wittney. And a crowd finally it subsided from their enormous emotion which there really wasn't that much like there should have been. So it was kind of quiet. And I yelled out since we sit directly behind Terry Murray up there a few rows. And I yelled out. Hey Terry, how do you like him now? You jackass. And before five pains in our section who know the game, they were chuckling in the muddering and agreeing under their breath. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Do I got a Chris with? Yeah. 55 gallons a long shin. Okay Eddie, thank you. We have an, well, Eddie's the only guy in the NHL that puts his IQ on his uniform. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. And as far as that, Larson's concern sir. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Yes sir. Hey, I wanted to help you with your toilet seat. Yeah. Okay, you have about that. But also wanted to tell you about the guy over here. I've heard they know a lot about that in Fort Myers. Yeah. We have Ruth Bands over here with hockey. I appreciate what you were talking about. One of them got hit in the head with a hockey stick by a player the other night. Good. So it took care of him. That's what he was asked about. On your toilet seat, I'm going to help you with that. Okay. You have an elongated toilet bowl. I have a long one, yeah. Yeah. So you need an elongated toilet seat. Yeah. That gives you enough room there. Well, how do you know? Well, you can tell by the oval shape with the round shape. Oh, I got the one. The line ball was round. You're right. And then you can't stick around seat on noveled toilet. Go to go to. So if you've got oval rectum, sit your ass on an oval toilet. And if you've got around rectums, you're done around a total of good points. Well, just go to a good supply house and you get a decent one. I'm going right over to a builder square. One of those joints. They'll have it. They got they got toilet seats up the dome net place. And tell me you want to you want an elongated seat. I'll tell my one along one. Okay, pal. All right. Happy new year over there in Fort Myers. All right. Thanks. See you. All our friends in Fort Myers all 30 or 40 keep going baby. Keep the radio hidden under your bed. Keep it down. Not too loud. We have an open line and they'll come and get you open line in date. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. I mean, like I said yesterday, that's what was getting a little bit Ancibated. To new experience in my life. I never had to go out there and buy a toilet seat before. And you know what else? Because every now and then you'll sit on a toilet seat. And I'll stare like moving around a little bit as you're like you're moving. You know, you're trying to like, you know, get that little hanger off of there. To drop. And a single star like move. And I'm not supposed to be stationary baby. It should not move when you're asked moves. And I never realized that under those little brackets that hold the seat onto the A bull. There it is. A little plastic screws. And so I immediately yesterday now that I'm a great mechanic after I had my Miss adventure with my own. I went to the other toilet. And after I. Well, I actually before I did because, you know, the worst thing in the world to do is like bend over a toilet after you're just even if you're flushed real good. So you don't want you don't want to be screwing around with it after the deed. But before I sat down, I got my crusty screwdriver and I tightened that baby up and no more slup and then slide down the bowl, man. If you're on that bull, you want a firm grip. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, I listen. I'm not doing the act in the diet. You want? Yeah. I just found that I'm diabetic. And I'm going to be said that you got up here and took. Right. I never did them so long. I said that if I said that if you for most people who are tagged through diet that the adkins will get your blood sugar down and like a mirror. If you see how high blood sugar, that's the only thing you can do. Right. Do you ever get a sweet taste in your mouth? Like a, you fly them? I've had a sweet taste in my mouth, you know. No, I'm serious. Anytime. I mean, if we badmise from your diabetes, no. No. How high is your blood sugar? Oh, I haven't checked it today, but oh. Nobody. I mean, but how long have you been diagnosed with diabetes? Oh, like two weeks ago. Because that one was a high. But how high was your blood sugar? Like two, twenty. Well, that's not real bad. I went to the doctor and I told them I have this sweet taste in the mouth. It tastes like a, because I know that when you get high blood sugar, you get a, with a cough, sweet, fruit, a sweet smell. That's the ketones in your body. And I told them about that. He said, what is check your blood sugar? It was hard. Yeah. So, what do you want? You're not oral? What's that? Yeah, I want the oral. He's probably going to tell me how to see if he put me on diet. So, what does he says that? Well, he put you on a diet. Yeah, let me tell you, doctor probably does no screw a squat about diabetes. He'll improtend he does. Well, he told me that the sweet taste in the mouth could have been purged. Get about the sweet taste. What is your blood sugar today? What was it this morning? I didn't check it yet. Well, why not? How can you be diabetic? And you're not checking. Do you have a little, uh, things? I want to take that. We have a one touch thing, okay? Me too. So, uh, check it out. Well, what is it? What was it yesterday? Yesterday was the way it was one tip. We're not. I didn't take the pill yesterday. We're not. I didn't take the pill yesterday. You didn't take the pill or was one ten, which is normal by the way. You do understand that. Yeah, I go 140 is 40. 120 is 30. Sure, sure. There is no such thing. It's like borderline pregnant. There is no such thing in the world as borderline diabetic either you are or you're not. Little thing. But the cutoff points for that. I understand, but I'm just telling you again, because doctors like to use that term. Oh, you might be a little bit before I was diagnosed as diabetic. I went to one jack as doctor in the cables and his comment to me was, oh, you might be a little borderline diabetic. There's no such thing. You know, you're not. Right. That's true. Well, keep monitoring in a fear of fear. You're having problem read the evidence book. Believe me, it works like a miracle. I was wondering about the pace of the month. And there were no other things. Okay. Well, listen, stop by doing whatever you do. Okay. That's why I've got that taste in the boxes. Got it. Yeah, I've had a sweet taste in my mouth. I've had a short court. We have two open lines in the day one and brown. Look at this. Look at this, crowding. And it's almost one o'clock. And we still haven't had one. I'm looking for her today. Just one honest panther fan. One. Just one. Can we find it? No. Damn her. No. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. We've got to gather things. Kevin Weakest is still on our team, which I found was pretty interesting. Here's Carl Spring. Hello. Yes, sir. Can't hear you. I can't hear you. Yes. Ray with me. What a great way last night. Yeah. He's been low. No, no, it's good to talk to you when they say. Okay. Thank you. Here's another guy just agreeing with me. That's great. I don't want to be rude to you, sir. But it's boring. I know that. You have to tell me about Ray with you. That's great. But we're in a minority. Okay. 99% of the people in there can't be wrong. I'm just going to say, you know, I'm going on strike. I can't do this. I will not do this. I'm just going to go on strike. I'm going to sit back in my goddamn chair and and twittle my thumbs and chew these halls mental lipis. Okay. Which by the way, all you and you were here yesterday, I had my thing about a silver tall. Did you know that silver tall is a substance that occurs within the body? No. And if you're diabetic, it's very bad for you. And so now you know when I take anything while you do anything with silver tall in it, there's a sugar substitute. It makes me just and just the sick is a dog. Now I understand why. Thanks to another fine nutrition book that I'm reading, which I won't burden you with today, because I don't have it with me anyway. And you don't want to hear about it, because you want to go out and eat fish food, which is fine. Until you die. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm just going to sit back and wait on you. Okay. All you Peter were all lovers out there. All you people that think you understand what a hockey game is all about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60 on the mobile one line. All you people who want to stand up and fight everybody else in the ruin hour and you're going to watch it again. All you people who want to go out there and do the dirty bird, watch yourself up by the screen. Acted luck some kind of a chicken and heat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 6, the on the mobile one line. I'll get it. Q, A, M. Oh sorry. Like I said, I'll hit it. Q, A, M. Hey, how you doing? Okay sir. All right. I just want to talk about the Panthers game last night. I thought we kicked butt. Yeah. I don't know. It was a good atmosphere. We got a little roudy for that lame national car owner and a center. I saw you down there. I just wanted to say go Panthers. Okay. Later. See. Okay. There we go. Is that what I was looking for? I'm using the guy. No. No. No. I was looking for it. Because you're not going to get what you're looking for. Sometimes in this town you're the scubber. You go out there and you look around. You find what you're looking for. No. Believe me. Not in this place. If you're looking for dead old people or those on the verge. If you're looking for a place and that's crashed me up. They want to make. They want everybody to know that the sunrise sunrise is the home of the National Car Wrecklson. Not for a lot of deal. Because they want to put sunrise on the map. Why don't they just put a big on the map and that sunrise? How about we'll all meet at sunrise lakes before the game. And share a nice blueberry enema sounds good to me. Okay. WQAN. Yes sir. Yeah. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Nick. Neil? Yes. Oh hi. Yeah. What's going on with the Panthers? What do I want to know? I wanted to know why the crowd is fascinated with Peter Warrell. Because all he does is fight. Yeah. That's all there. That's all he reads. Why isn't big good? Yeah. We have to read what the game lasts night sir. Yes sir was. And did you see the reaction when he got in the fight and a standing ovation? And they're going Peter. Peter even though that the three or four shifts he was out in the game he kept falling down. And did nothing to contribute to the otherwise outstanding victory. You're actually correct. And what is that all about? Because the people there have noticed there would happen where they bring all the kids. They're in a social event. But I'm here to write. You're absolutely right. You know something. I'm asking a rhetorical question. I'm getting myself all worked up about it. And I already know the answer. They don't go there to watch the guy damn games. They're there to smooth and hang out. And if somebody gets you to a big brawl that's the only thing they can react to. Because anybody can understand a brawl. You're actually correct. Okay. God bless you sir. All right. Thank God for him. What are you smoking about? They he he's summed it up best. I already know the answer. When people don't understand what they're watching, they can understand. I mean even a little kid can understand a brawl. Hey look at that he beat the crap out of him daddy. Okay great. All right. That's our hero. That's a big black guy named Peter. We couldn't skate his way out of a guy damn parking lot. But he's our hero. He's the enforcer baby. He's the done Corleoni of the a panther team. Anybody buying that? No. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Oh God. What a place. This town. This town. I'm serious if they could just get that enormous animal poop from the sky. And stick it like right as a golden glazed interchange. Would be a perfect spot. Oh my God. That's what we need is a gigantic animal from heaven. All this scare we're here about the year 2009. Pray that a year from now. We look up there. Just like they're the panther game. You see that panther or the ass of that panther. That's there that they lower down on the ice. Very slowly. And that five minute openings are ceremony that seems to take 100 hours. Maybe a year from now December 29, 1999. We'll look up in a sky. And we'll see like they look like a gigantic elephant trunk hanging down from the sky. From the heavens. It'll be God's animal tube. And it'll be aiming straight toward the Golden Glazed interchange. Oh yeah. Giving this town exactly what it needs. A cleansing experience. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 13. 12. 12. 13. 14. 14. 3. 14. 12. I don't know what I mean. 10. probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I can't not do it. It would be right. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. And how much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to. Uh-huh. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is buffer O'Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. In the basket. Uh, okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the basket. Uh, Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to say? It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. Is he done? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. 103 at 5.50. WQM may have an open line in date. If he moved quickly, 5.60. 505.60. 5.50. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And we discovered today, we didn't discover too much, but we did this cover that most white people respect big, big black guys because they're terrified of them. Here's Hylia. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Will you from Hylia? See? Hey, me complain about good Italian guy. I'll call him a little while ago. What is it? Well, Italian guy like called a little while ago. Yeah. Complaining about our putting, uh, our kids are Latin names. Yeah. My complaint is, what is your complaint? Well, how about these African Americans putting all these cars in and Jane movie names? They're kids, you know, uh, one dime. But you know, I would prefer a cars in and Jane when you came right down to it. Well, exactly. Wouldn't that be an improvement over in Iquana and uh, and, uh, and, uh, and she'd, uh, and she'd, uh, was she put that girl right? She'd, uh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, another thing too. You know what I'm saying? The track is nothing worse than a cheetah man. Another thing too. Uh, how about the name for a guy who used to run the port of man? And what are they filling on all we said? What is it? Was it named Carmen Muneira? Carmen, I'm a Randa, yeah. Carmen Miranda, he made it a Rastillo, I think. Imagine being a, uh, a male, uh, child being named Carmen. No. Oh, my God. No, Nelson was bad enough. But Carmen, oh, okay. What other bad for me? Yeah. Hey, now. Okay, Mr. Quad. Yes, sir. Um, let's have the priest from the x-axis. Yeah. Uh, what was, uh, power of Christ compels you. That's a power of Christ. Oh, you can believe it. The power of Christ. So, thank you. Thank you. How about one more? Power of Christ. How about three. Thank you. Okay, ask your asker, came out of your. I don't think he's so good out of your. Oscar came your hardest. We have an open line in the day five, six, seven, oh, five, six, one more. Come on. Come on, one more. That's a power of Christ. Oh, thank you. Thank you. And pound five, sixty for all you mobile people on the AT&T wireless line. So we got Kimba isn't for Hank today. Kimba and uh, Defoe and we got that bowl. We got all kinds of direct. Oh, Texas, the holidays and a lot of people on the open. Open Blamon. Are we going to be here Friday? By the way, no, New Year's Day. We're not going to get. We got ball games up here. We're going to fly. No, Friday. All kinds of ball games this weekend. And by the way, who was it? It was, oh, Joe Rose yesterday morning, muttering out loud. How come the program directors on vacation this week? We got all these ball games coming on. Because that's, it was intentional. We're hoping we can get them on white, okay? So as long as he's not here, we might have a child in his chance of the speed. So how about like some Chinese Americans? Some Chinese Canadians? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing, Neil? Great. First time long time. All right. Listen, I'm here to give you some advice about your toilet seat. Go to home date, well. Yeah. And get the one with the chrome hinges on it. Look, are you on hinges? Yes, so you don't pinch your butt. You don't pinch your butt? Yeah, you know how you say it. And wiggle the round from side to side? Yeah. Well, if you get the one that chrome hinges on it, you won't have a problem with that. Okay. Lots dirty. I would know how about if somebody else pinches your butt? Well, then you got a problem there. And well, all depends, I guess, what is, yeah? Yeah. Okay, that's all I got. Thank you very much, sir. You're welcome. Okay, I'm going to check out my chrome hinges today. We haven't, hey, listen, I told you, I can, I can take even getting an authority making it with a art of something around your show. How do you like that? Do you like it? Do you? No, I didn't think so. All right, so maybe it's not a big deal to you, but the next time your crap or he loses its wrapper, you're going to be really pissed off. Is that what happened when they shot that? What's his name? The crap or the lost its wrapper? How's he doing, by the way? Oh, he's drinking a six pack now. Where are we going? Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, yellow. Yeah, sir. I want to talk to you about the panthers. Thank you. I'm really curious about Peter Warlle. See, everybody agrees with me. All the people of Colin here agree with me. And the other people, those pussy's out there who were acting last night, like they had same butt as dead, they don't have any balls at all. They're a bunch of cowards. Well, I mean, here's what I wanted to know. No, I want to tell you. Jellyfish. They continue to play, like Peter, like Peter Warlle, or the peanut play domain off of you. If you have some Ben's sport Murphy for the last two games. And they've gone in. And they've gone in. And they've gone in. And it's my, at this point. Right. Murray's thinking, why is he playing his player at the computer? Oh, you're so Murray Murray's thinking, now you're getting in the danger of his territory. He's nice. I got someone he was up in Philadelphia. He did the same bonehead move that was done here. See, he likes to play games. Even though the team is doing very well right now, you gotta understand where playing some really, I mean, the eye-litter's last night will horrendous. But it's this nice that we're winning. But you gotta keep it in perspective. We're not playing very good teams right at the moment. But this guy, what he showed me, the way he likes playing head games with these guys, and he's trying to cycle land on it, it doesn't work. It's definitely worth it. He probably bets in the veteran that are actually performing fairly well. Looks like he's really near. He benches Spiele and Whitney of all people. And before, you know, the season really got roll in. He's telling people, he doesn't like where what he is to play a refusement. In a meantime, all he is is leading the team in goals, in assist, in points, in you name it. And he is unbelievable. And in a great pass, I made a great play on a first goal last night for a character. He made a super play in a perfect pass. I mean, this kid is unbelievable. And we got a coach well. He's too small, you know. And it's over and off. He gives away him the offensive zone. Every single team. Yeah. Two words. Naked pictures. Just keep that in mind. Naked pictures. OK. Thanks, Neil. OK. Have a great day. That's right. The Murray's leaving over the name of the go by the way was Billy. The Murray's at a Billy goat. And he's got a, he's got a closet full of those pictures. He ain't going nowhere. Eddie. He's going to be an all star, and it's organization, someday you are. He's going to be an all star. Anybody believe it? No. No. I'll start give away artists. In fact, the rumor is that he was playing Santa Claus at the malls. This Christmas, because he's had so much practice. Given stuff away. 9 minutes after one at five, 60 WQA. So you're good. Yeah. You're good. Is that all? I guess what's on the screen. I'm your organ life. That is a massive room. They were playing. And you're looking too. You're top, top, top, top, top, the same. Make the girls here. You're not so polite. I was just being a little bit awkward. But what? You're too close. I'm just fine. Oh, right. You're getting some girls. They're looking fine. Never touch a behind. Oh, my God. You got that. You got that, you know? It's a big old prison. When it comes to where the figures are yet. But until my head, it touched my chest. Where to flew. It ruined my best. It came out of my jeans. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's a thing. Oh, beautiful. And it's mine. I'm telling you what to just teach. They think it's not American 1998. All the American men learn better aim. There's money important man. One third to one fourteen boys move it along. One fourteen and five sixty QA. We got all three deadlines open here. All the P to were well fans are there in Dave County today. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Where the slide. Here's a lady in four lot of deal. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, listen, I saw somebody in the drive through called Kumbha. That was a little black blan. I wanted to call you because I thought she'd appreciate that name. Kumbha. Kumbha. I wrote that right in Bush Garden. Yeah. And listen, I want to help you make it in Guy Cross's street. Sounds weird out here on the street corner. They're Ms. Kumbha. Yeah. I was wondering if you still have your pop belly pig. Yes, I do. You do. No. Pop belly pig. Yeah. I mean, I'll go to the hotel. I'll go over head one. I'll go. I thought you had one because I know you're I used to know your neighbors were well that was to the north of you. Tom Carter. I have no idea. Oh, I had a pot belly pig. I never had a pig. I think it's very fun. There house. Okay. No. Okay. Well, if you can I call somebody to do you bag? No. Oh, my God, we have an open line in Broward to a day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Was that shooter what was that? No, not really. That was pathetic. Here's a mobile avenue. Hello. Hey, and the other door. Okay, sir. Hey, I want to tell you some every time I hear that bit with the lotion the basket and the cosmetic surgeon about how many times I hear it. I still laugh my ass off. It looks like the lotion in the basket. Yeah, really does. Let me answer. I know something is hot easy. Only sport. We can really get into the game. If you're there, you know, like as far as like baseball TV is kind of boring. Football. All right. Yeah. But it's hot. You know, it's always sport where you really get more out of it by going to the game. My thoughts are we have to do with any game. Why would you say that? Although football, I don't know football is perfect for television. I mean, I gave up after about five years of it. I gave up going to the golf games because, you know, it just suited for television better. Yeah. How be honest with you, when you go to a when you go to a professional football game depending on where you're sitting, you know, it almost looks like a high school sporting event. You don't talk about it. Yeah. It doesn't have the same excitement or the same drama in person as it does when you're watching on TV. Football, in fact, television may be in a photo of it as today. Yeah. I went through the Bronco game and I was actually on the field and actually had to that. I smoked a cigarette with Larry Little. Yeah. Number 66 of all things. Yeah. And I was pretty impressed with that. But let us want to ask you a question on something. Why is it that only people will go to the game to watch the fights never understand the game? Well, you're answering your own questions to a terrible question. Because the best of the only reason you go, that means you don't understand the sport. But why is hockey the only sport where they can fight except for boxing, of course? Yeah. Why don't they don't they have balls and they don't have balls and baseball? Well, but you get rejected. I mean, here you get a couple of minute penalty. Yeah. Well, because it's a much more physical game. They're not, you know, they don't go back and hold hands in the, uh, hard-old like they do in football, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Physical. All right. It's, it's a real man sport hockey. It's supposed to football, which is basically a, uh, a handy sport. Everybody knows that. But if you're watching those guys holding hands in the auto. At the gate club you moron. We have an open line in Broward to in day five six seven. I mean, they wear those real tight pants. You know, and they're grabbing each other around the clock. And they're rolling around in the mud together. I mean, what do you call that? At the gate club you moron. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Quarterback comes up, put his hand over the, uh, under the center's record. I mean, what is that? What kind of a thing is that at one guy comes up and sticks his hand under another guy's ass? What do you call that? At the gate club you moron. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. As we're coming to a bitter conclusion today. I can smell it. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I agree everything you're saying about a little bubble out there on the ice. But, uh, what kind of captain do you feel it's got melomios? Me, me, what? I don't think he does nothing for the team. Okay. Well, I'm real happy to hear that. See there you go. There's a guy another one of the original team. Guy that really goes out there digs and works and gives it his all. And this guy's not going to try to keep an olexium. See what I'm saying? Okay. One call left on the board. We suddenly hit a brick wall here, baby. We were rolling along yesterday for a Monday spectacular. Today, pretty damn good. And now all of a sudden it's like, oh my god. So is that mentioned about that gigantic animal? They all drove to the golden blades. Where do we sign up? Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless life. 139,000, 502% or one. We're definitely going over 140 grand. We're going to break the record this year. Thank you everybody who helped us out. And thanks to watch for doing a spectacular job. And thanks to Sam and Chris and everybody in the, what's his name? What was his name? The other guy, Lou? Yes. Who helped us with the QM van out there. We were able to say 1000 doing that every day. Got a phenomenal total. Really nice going. And next year you know what I'm thinking? Well, I'll tell you after here. So seriously, we could do a thing with the fill-hand radio. We could make a deal with fill. Where we would like in the spring. Make available a certain number of his CDs for their charity out there. If we were able to take like a similar number and pedal them for a set of one in the fall. And raise yourself another 20 or 30 grand. That sounds good. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Have a nice life. Okay. Another coward. Mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes sir. I know. I bought a 94 corvette convertible two years ago. And last week, I bought it for 27,000. Yeah. Last week, I traded the car in. The dealer gave me 26,000 on a new 99 convertible. And he liked that. It is incredible. Now the 99 is just I love my 99. I'm just obsessed with this car. This car is kind of natural blue. Yeah. It's just the car does everything. I got the pewter. Incredible car. Yeah. Absolutely incredible car. Why anybody who can afford a corvette? We go out and spend twice as much money for some stupid ass expensive sports car that makes a lot of noise. And that requires all kinds of real expensive repairs. I don't get it. I've got a lot of money. I drove the 94 for two years. Yeah. And I got basically what I paid for it. And I bought this car. I had a thousand miles on it. I had been titled once before. Right. And I saved about 8,000 off of sticker. Beautiful. And when I sell the car in two or three years, I'll probably get back close to what I've paid. And to think years the heck out of you. When you first got pedal down, it was just incredible. Right. Hey. Thanks again. God bless you sir. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date. 5 any interest here this last part of the show. No. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Trace them all way today. A little bit too much hockey talk. I keep saying I'm never going to do this again. But after life's nice experience, which I just can't understand these people. And I especially can't understand the inconsiderate people. And yes, I will keep talking about you on a year until you stop pulling the same crap. Every time you show up, they're okay. Over and over and over again, your inconsiderate job knocks you. Is what you are okay? I don't give a crap who you are. If your conversations are so goddamn important and earth shocking, then go out into God damn lobby and have them. Go in the T-Roman have them. And let the rest of us let the 100 or 200 of us who are in that choice. Who are appreciates again. Let us see what's going on out there. Okay. I didn't invest my long two and a half or three minutes drive all the way from my house to the arena. So I could sit there and watch the back of somebody's head. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, shallow. Hello Neil? Yes sir. This is the guy from I told you a while back in the San Luis Obispo, remember? No. Well, last year it was and I ordered some CDs from you. Yeah. I'm here in town now and listening to the show. And I wanted to tell you a thing happened with a guy on a marathon online. Yeah. I put in one of my screen names that I was selling some epic shamies. And the guy wrote the back from some place called Florida Natural and he says that I had no right but to whatever to use the word shamie. He said he's got a copy right on the name. Yeah. Well, I wrote him the title. He's got a copy right on the name douchebag. See if he knows that one. I'm going to have to ask him that. But anyway, just one of the tell you that I've been playing your show since I got here. I'm a regional, I live in California. And I ordered your CDs last year and I'm going to get the. Okay, and thank you so much and have a great life in the good luck with that personality transplant. We have an open line in the two of them in date. Five six seven. They sounded like a little like him. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I need a lot. I'd say like say that. Listen to you every day. I really love your show. One thing you talked about a while back when he passed the ball players. I have to agree with you. I'm a percent. I hope they don't pay on one red cent. I think they're overpaid and I really don't have any sympathy for him. Yeah. And I really appreciate the job that you do in the. And if you go to chance, can you play that buffalo built on? No. Oh, the buddy. He always talking about the AT&T started about buffalo bill. He's talking about Phil Henry. What's that called? The bill. I know what it's called. This stalling. Haven't you learned by now what a. All artists I am sitting on the stalling. Well, buffalo had the boy. My team. The greatest in the land. Man everybody thinks they're great. I see really hot. The buffalo bill. That's not what he would. I mean. So just sing a little. And you say Miami. When you say buffalo. And here's that buffalo. Buffalo. Bills. Buffalo. Bills. That the greatest team in the history of human race. That a buffalo. Bills. That the greatest team in the. Then flies. Bread and canned beer. There you go. And you and your chance. Up that redneck stuff. They listen at banjo. Only sweep God listen at. When you say buffalo bills. It don't sound so redneck. He do it. Everybody sing along now. How are you Bill Fan? Here we go. Well, the buffalo bills are the best teams. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times. Which is more than I can say for this. It's come stuck in prison. And they're a degraded. But they really like their uniforms. They sure is hell. Be set out out of having a fish on the helmet. Because they're not slump below whole bills. The fish puts both hands. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the buffalo bills. Not buffalo bills. The whole of Jim Kelly. They've read his quote of back of the leaves. Yeah, everybody. Not buffalo bills. They're the buffalo bills. And they've been around. Logging in the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, let us buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet a buffalo or a fish? Okay, 1.26 at 5.60 WKOM. We have 72 open lines and day four hundred and Broward 5.60, 0.50, 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Why was not? Don't forget that. My crown piece. See you, Bolden. I think I got to be watching. No. No. Better be there. No. Okay. Thank you. And so hit away from the ball. Mother. Car theft is on the rocks. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The club will protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You to wear from the car, mother. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system. And even less than you'd pay for the club. You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You to wear from the car, mother. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You to wear from the car, mother. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with. Although he really doesn't say much just. You to wear from the car, mother. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. There have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. I should've worn from the car, mother. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben. Protecting my car. Let's be sleep better at night. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. You're the worst from the car, mother. Thank you 130-560 WQM. I'm going to see these two other things. This Howard Beal column about channel 4, which is falling apart at the scenes in how they suck and losing their ass. And the other one about the. Uh, the dancers, they have to be people. The history of the football dancers. They be doing it. They be styling. They be a jukin' in jive. And on there's that ball hit at the book of Brian. I should know need you up. Now that I brought him some cash. We have an open line. It's Broward all three in date. 5-670-560 and Pomp 560. And on the AT&T Wireless line, we're coming away. Very bitter pill to swallow in here today. What about what that's all about, huh? You think it's that P-RL stuff? Yeah. Yeah, I think that they wouldn't know who Nellie is. Including the people that we're cheering and caring on. They also don't know who he is. Here's a Pomp and O, hello. Good afternoon. I'm going to go. Yes, sir. Uh, you're right about the fans in the arena. Have we talked about this before? Yeah. I had the occasion to sit up in one of the automotive, automobile dealers, sweets. And you know, right below this club level, and these jerks are standing up just waving at the screen and waving at the time, I had to put my hand on a guy's shoulder and say, to them. Yeah. You know, I'll put you right in the seat. And you know, regarding the knowledge of the fans, you and I grew up in the we've learned the game the same way. Hawking night in Canada. Okay. I can't, one of these TV stations here. Good job. Go up there and bring us. You know, there's no hockey fans that are well, if you get yourself a small distance, not being to have it. Well, there you go. I have it, but I'm talking about the fans who don't know the game. With learn the game, but to have to it to have to have. But you know, you're missing the point. The fact is that it's very easy. It's very simple. If you want to make the effort. If you want to go there and watch the game, or if you watch my television, all 82 Panther games are on television the season. That's the 60 year we've had it here. There's nothing difficult about it. It's exciting. It's simulating. It's great. Although quite frankly, most of the games we play this year aren't so exciting. You're a little excited. You're like last night. Two thirds of the game was spent like in Lala land. I mean, it was, and then for about five or six or seven minutes there, at various parts. They're like back and forth like a real hockey game. But most of them have been coma affairs. But if you really want to learn it, these people don't care. They don't have that much of an interest. It's just a social event. It's a place to go. It's something to do. You have to go. You have no interest. You should see the people like up there in that Stanley's lounge. Yeah. And they're just like sitting around and I'm running to get back to my seat. You know, and they're just sitting there. Hey, listen, you can go out. When I, you know, what was sort of the TV time out like comes on. A little pink light. I run out if I have to take a leak. And if you could see the thousands of people that are milling your wound out there in the middle of a period. While the game is going on, they don't care. Hang out. Have a good one. Come back to it. Take it. It's just the sky, he doesn't understand. He's from a hockey plane. Not hockey places. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's new. I both have now stood there. No, no, no, no. They don't want to. There are no hockey fans. are no hockey fans are looking for a needle in the garden haystack right uh... open line in uh... brought to a day five six seven five sixty pump five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line here's west in hello hello yes sir oh hi well as a weird connection uh... yeah i have to say complain about the matter where you go down here for sports the people just love to stand up in front of you i don't understand that all ruled their inconsiderate they don't care about it whether anybody else can see it back there with a problem he in sensed over the fact that there's a lot of people actually want to see what's going on out there although you'd a fight with you over it i i went to that uh... not a good at any football game but with the dead-regain uh... other night you know and uh... same problem in the guys like for a lot of them stand up every single play and they're encouraging everybody else around them stand up to i i i i i don't understand that well i got to maybe a little bit too much palngating well one of those money night came to go that's for sure the funny thing i heard the other day uh... when you were doing uh... just you were playing all the different cards one had you know uh... i didn't realize that that uh... the jewish man named iisin the car warning system would act will phone call for sure i asked you call in we made it into a start that's right that was the best that's all i had i had i i would like to hear that phone call again if you did not see the play that you mean the original thing yeah i i was the first time i heard back up i can't believe somebody actually talked that way i heard a uh... commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon something about uh... boys would uh... speak out uh... if someone approaches your uh... or two of the uh... a voice of the big black something about it would come out and say get away from my order of the uh... or you're too close to my order of the uh... you big and mf i have sex seriously to the family like that on on the radio and i i i have to the uh... confativity and that type of advertising i believe in free speech but that's too far if i don't hear with her and to this complaint from you i will send a letter to the uh... federal communications commission because no kind of that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on uh... public radio it might be all right between individuals with not on the radio uh... you can call me back on uh uh... if the i's and the i's the uh... you're welcome okay 24 till 2 at 5.50 w qa and the that data me in four stores now from the makers of tickle me almo it's the all new take that thing out of me almo i'm almost taking my temperature with his hand the new take that thing out of me almo and coming soon the vibrating almo mom i think i'm falling in love with almo in toy stores now oh oh oh oh oh 25.50 w qa and kibba ball campers coming up with two o'clock in the afternoon he's the luck i said full of no punches he's going to tell you how damn when you know and Jimmy Johnson he needs to be like boys and he's going to tell you that here's a mobile in my amy hello and if i came a mobile campers the one guy in this radio station they had the call and stand up to Jimmy Johnson i was going kibba yes sir how you doing now great i got a couple of quick things here first off i don't know what's going out the connection i've called a couple times over the past uh couple months here and every time you you can act with me as the air goes completely blank for a minute i don't know if you do that or not the air goes blank yet it's weird i can hear you say like the last half of of hello so i'm not just crappy phones just you know i'm talking about the swish i wouldn't doubt if i tell you uh you're a beautiful court vet yeah and uh my wife says uh we should pull up to the light and say hello to them and i'd probably said no to that because you get enough of that yeah i want to leave you be anyway uh December 26 i wake up i get the herald yeah and i go and sit down my cup of coffee relax the kids are sleeping and i open it up to happy quanza and i'm just kind of curious to say why are we endorsing this well what do we endorsing why yeah i don't even know what it is i know it's a black goods in african holiday what is it i mean i don't like how it is i understand is it the african christmas yeah and well let me ask are we in african also what what what what's it's called more pandering the herald is the greatest panderer on the face of the earth i i i grew there just it just really really much morning because you know we we endorse or we we we we we we we're right when i wake up on the fifth of May ever you i don't pick up to some sent a little on a front page i happy to go to mile i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm poor everybody i don't care who you are what color what creative long as you're productive member and so no i i I said it's called divide and conquer divide and conquer it's partly a whole establishment game plan and this country is to compartmentalize the country and do a especially with minorities like blacks than that all of a sudden they're not really American. They're Africans, they have a separate culture, they have a separate language, they got ebonics, and bubonics. It's all a bunch of bullcraft. I told garbage. I grew in New York. And that's why brought up this thing yesterday about, you know, I don't want to sing a lot of Lamar Thomas. I mean, he's just one of many all these guys. These black athletes that go out there. And it's embarrassing. It's humiliating. It sets racial relations back a hundred years. And even on most why people would lie to you and tell you, oh, it's entertaining. And it's not entertaining. It's embarrassing. It's a gymas, nigger thing to do. And that's what America's sitting back and thinking when they see that. Well, I think entertaining about it. Yeah, but I wonder why more people don't stand up. I mean, because most people are cowards for the same reason. Then most people won't tell you they don't believe in God. They know it's a bunch of bullcraft. Their skirt is how to die because they know that when they die, they go in the ground. And they want, they're not going to tell you that. Oh, the Lord often have an appurly gate. Tell me a bunch of crap like they're the pearly gates my ass. I agree. Anyway, I just want to throw my two cents per second. Second thing real quick. Yes, sir. We haven't been to any Panther games this year. My wife's a fan. I'm a fan. We just haven't had the time with two new kids at home. We got a couple. We got a little bit of money for Christmas and we're thinking about going to see a game. Anything up in the next couple weeks that you'd recommend any teams that we should go. Oh, God. The penguins coming Wednesday. I mean, we're what? No, I'm confused. What the hell is it? Today. Today. I don't even know what day it is with the holidays. We got the docs on Friday. The mighty ducks didn't know. They said any will New Year's day game. And if we got the penguins in Saturday. All right. What time does Saturday game? No. I'll stand and I'll try and do that one. The docs. I mean, they got at least a couple of good players on that team. Yeah, that's right. I'm making sure that too. Okay. Thanks, Uncle. See you there. Bye. You know what they say about the ducks. They say, do something that the ducks that rhymes with duck, but you never know. We'll talk to Rhiann to a team with Solani. Solami? I said Solami guy done. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, and I mean, you know, this is just, I don't know where all these people came from. Supposedly they came around from up north. Hockey was really big up north. These people have followed up there. No. They know anything about it down here. Okay. So that's the end of the conversation. Why be the dead guy named Horace? Okay, no matter what color is right here. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. That corns that you started by a black American businessman or something back in, I don't know, 72 or 82 to compete with Christmas. Yeah. Now when you shop like in a co-incident hut? I don't know. But listen, I appreciate what you did with Christmas Eve with DJ and your mix and those songs. Yeah, I mixed the mix. You did a fine job, yeah. I was great. You did a little bit on every past, uh, radio, celebrity in the area for the past five years. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering maybe you could do the same thing New Year's Eve, you know? Do you mean Thursday? Yeah. I'll think about it. All right. I'll work on it. Now, if you missed the early part of the show, Rick and Sides will be on January 4th on the stupid talk. But the real story is that they were getting canned and people drew a candle and said, we're not going to renew you. And then Rick Riley came in and carried on like a petal in child and wind and went nuts. As a matter of fact, I hear that I wet my pants. Yeah, that too. And he said, oh, you need a morning show. Pete, you got no morning show. You need us. You got nothing else where the only guys that went up in the life. And then board just got the nerve that fact that somebody sent to me and response to their letter. About putting the battling broke back on in the afternoon and all the crap all the harm that the clear channel is done to that operation over there. And he fact is the guy back and well, we put the best the strongest act we've got in the morning. That's why we're putting Rick and Sides on it. And this is the same guy that was going to blow him out. Pete Bolder continues to be the number one liar in the radio business in America. Oh, at least that I've met so far. Maybe there's somebody's got him beat. I haven't met him. A phony, a backstab or a lying piece of turd. Like you've never seen in your life. How do you have a conscience? How do you sleep at night, Pete Bolder? Knowing how many lives you're destroying in the process. Okay, from Craig Warding to Rick and Sides to everybody over there. There's so many good people, some nice people, some decent people, some hardworking people, some talented people. And do you give a crap? Puh! No, you don't. Here's Weston, hello. But no, good. Yes, I am. We could get an update on the NBA at Lockout through the Kingfish. Through the Kingfish? Yeah, you know, he must move. I'm moved. Come on, get with it. I can't get with it. Yeah. Okay, whatever you said, okay, we did anybody understand what he's talking about? No. We have an open line of date to a grower. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Parkland, hello. I've never heard so many stuff gas. Why? Yeah, how? Okay, like you. I should have known sooner or later before the day without especially this hour now that it's winding down. It's just, what did you get out like four or five words here this time? Why do you even waste your time asshole? Why do you even waste your time? Now he's in Parkland, he's in Boint and Beast, he's in Lake Worth. I didn't know how to recall. He's from a storm. He's still from hunger. This guy, this asshole. He's a jackass, he's an asshole. God. With that voice years, I mean, what did they give away with that voice? That they kicked your ass out on the New York. In fact, when Rudy Giuliani came in his mayor in New York, it's the first thing he did to kick this jackass out of the city. They said, put him on a bus instead of any place, preferably soft Florida, he'll fit in like a rubber glove and somebody else. Back home, he does. Here's Kendall, hello. Neil, how are you, buddy? Okay sir. Happy New Year. I appreciate all the fun years of showmanship you give it us. Well, I want to talk about the pantheist schedule. We don't play the ducks at home. We don't? No. Who do we play in New Year's day? Carol, I'm sorry. That's right. We play Carol Ayer, right. This is a little hot. That's right. What, you know what I'm thinking? Because it used to be, yeah. We were talking about that last night. That's how I got my mind screwed up. We were talking that we used to play the ducks on New Year's day. We didn't want you twice. Exactly. We have no tradition. Oh, we have Carol Ayer line. That's right. Because we're in this crappy division. So I apologize. I'm sorry sir. Carol Ayer line has come in at under years day. No, you don't want to see that. You don't see the pattern. Dr. Home at all at all. Yeah. Which really sucks. Well. Anyway, I want to talk about that. I agree with you. Specialist Vlogger Martin, General What are they going to say? Nothing. They're going to say absolutely nothing because they're in the fog. Just like the rest of the fans down here that's doing anything. What is going, Beezer, Sharon for Whitney, they just, these are the same people that, you know, I mean, Whitney scores one of the most beautiful goals in the history of the team and it gets like a half-align in each column by David J. Neal and the Michael Russo in the papers today. Nothing ever. It'll be a highlight goal on every hockey show all over North America for the rest of the season and here you get like a half-align because you got both those writing about stuffing, don't know what they're writing about. Like David J. Neal writes that all of the Islanders go pull them within one when they never got closer than two in a whole game. There you go. The only time they were within one was when it was none nothing. One nothing. I wonder if. None nothing. Go back to the bar. Why is it that it seems like the most in-the-style people working broadcasting you excluded? But like how you read that memo yesterday, what other business would write a memo about coffee cups? Yeah. You know what? I remember reading these notes about balloons and remote and the stupidest things like a call. Please don't use the coffee cups. I mean, and this is supposedly semi-coronclope major market TV station. Yeah. Can't be real marshall, you know what though? Oh wait, wait till I read you this piece tomorrow on this channel for a thing. It's unbelievable. You should read memos from Bronk at that would kill a few good days. Okay. Great memos from Winds. A special memory of David Hazley. Oh yeah. Now to one of you, do you have a great day, pal? I don't like it to be fresh. That's how it likes Pete the board up. We have two open lines in date. Five six seven. He's getting two embarrassed while identifying himself because he's so chronic now. Good guy, but really chronic. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pound five sixty on the 18-two wireless line. Get a lifepeat. Here's Kendall. Hello. New. How's it going? Okay, sir. All right. I'm a season ticket holder for the pad is going to show every day with this is a first time I ever called. All right. And a first of all, we can tell you about the money that came with the guy. Yeah. He's got a brain shot and that guy played the duck sugar last year or the year before. Yeah, he usually do play the duck sugar. Yeah. Well, I have season tickets up in the upper level. And I have a few things that I noticed every game that you haven't pointed out. Okay. First of all, the scoreboard operation. Why is it that guy fired yet? Not the guy that's operating the clock, but the guy that's putting up the graphics up there. Yeah. During the Washington game, when they showed the goaly matchup and the starting line up, you didn't notice it. If I know you would have talked about this one for all of Coles, they spelled his name, Coles. Coles? Right. Yeah. Instead of Z. Maybe that's what I got from there, mind. Yeah. And then last night, Kavashovsky scores the goal. They put them up there for a penalty. It's a Panthers penalty, only Kavashov two minutes. It's a Panthers goal. Why do you understand that most of those people that are being done, no Kasha are from Kavashov, they don't know the difference? You know, the people up there have no clue what they're doing. Yeah. They're just getting paid whatever it is for the hour of the night. The fact that the sound guy has still got to get a job as many weeks in the season with the horrendous job that he's done. I guess if you got to job there, you have a job for a life for whatever reason. And that was the last thing I wanted to talk about was the sound. They put speakers up in the upper level, like little cube speakers. Yeah. I know you said in the lower level. And by the way, somebody told me, I don't want to say who told me, but little birdie told me that when they put the speaker system in there, the speakers have all been installed backwards, which is why it sounds so bad. That wouldn't surprise me. No, I'm making that up. That's a true story. The speakers were installed backwards. Well, you know, they put these speakers up in the upper level halfway into the season. Yeah. And some games they use them. And like, just like last night, they don't use them. And I know you say it's too loud in the lower bowl, but in the upper bowl last night, you couldn't hear anything. Really? You can't hear anything. Why can't they just turn those speakers on in the upper level? I mean, it's ridiculous. They put these speakers up there. They were not there at the beginning of the season. Yeah. And then they don't use them. And last night, you should have got mumbling. Well, that's where we had the week before. So it kind of bounces out now. Yeah. Yeah. That one game I leave was a capital. Right. But you have to worry about it. Yeah. And then the goal lights too. I mean, they go on when they don't score. They don't go on when they do score. Oh, and now you have to worry about where I sit. Then go and I want to go. Because they just don't go on period where we are. You couldn't see them for a lot of money. And it's just, it's not going to change. They don't care. They don't give a crap. Like I said, but you got 19,500 people in there. And 19,000 things that a big black eye who can't skate is the great hockey player. And they got to get excited about how do you expect the fans to make a ruckus and say, we want to be able to see the goal lights, but a goal of score. They don't care. Unbelievable. And then have both the glass every game to have peace come off of the top. Yeah. Yeah. When you buy all the parts that you know, use the auto body joints. They don't work out. Have a great way out of your path. Hey, listen, we're having a good time. Are we having a good time there? But we're having a kick ass time. 153 at 5.60 WQA in.