Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Where is Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone? There you are, opinion of Neil, his guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-Read Acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group now. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08. I've been suffering with the swelling and the itching and all of the pain that goes along with it for several months now. And I've tried everything from set fast to the positive theories and nothing has worked. And amazingly enough the only thing that has worked is that Neil Rogers, just by listening to one show all the all the itching has stopped. The pain has gone away and the swelling is really dissipated and it's all because of Neil Rogers. It puts the abortion in the basket. Sports work? All right. Where he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made. And the knocking saw the stern seizure box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly took over his blind. That's when he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary of his working on the practice of joke. He took a match of noodle for an exploding. Loading for a mine and a girl was blowing, rings the stove. There's a garden, Monica's a giant of. She lets that a girl. Every time he makes it way girl. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. It works for low-certainty in the basket. People feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was born and more and how far was doing her with bills those bans. A ride. She lets that a girl. Every freaking time he makes it way girl. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Welcome to the car and her vagina she's all mine. Oh can't be seen. Yes, does not matter. Oh yeah. What's she got to do? Take a sip of real love. And put it in a friend. Oh yeah, can't you? Oh yeah. It's a lovely thing 10-0-4-5-60 WCU. I'm happy and new year to you. Happy Monday December 28th. Boy if we got a deal this week. Woo. We got like no spots. Nothing. Everybody's out of town. It's going to be great. This is kind of like, you know, when everybody goes away and everybody can just to kind of play. Loth Lindsay he's out of town. So we can just kind of dittle around here all week. I guess even Georgia's near to the Georgia's down try to prove he's a citizen. What is that all about? He said he had to go to the INS office for illegal alien something or other. He said he had to take his Guaya bearer and his plantains down to the INS building at this kind of 79th and go, I think he's got to go. I think he's got to go. Provoke 10 minutes and prove that he's something. I don't know illegal alien, which we already knew that in the first place. So Joe Costello said this week, I got kind of I got a lot of crap. Thank god for that because we got no spots. Well, that's going to be it to see we go from one extreme to the other. We went from too many goddamn spots for about the last six months so that length of listenership is in the, oh, oh, speaking of crap or before I get to the good stuff. Guess what I broke this morning, the first time in my life I have ever done this. Momentous day took me all these years. The first time I've ever done this. You know, I don't know about you but after I take a shower. And I'm like, I'm telling myself off and I put my legs and my feet up on the toilet. What are you looking at me like that? When you're drying yourself, where do you put your legs up? I'm not going to, I'm too old and fat to bend down to dry my legs off. What do you do? Lift them up in the air. Put them on the toilet or you rest your leg against the toilet. See, and you dry your leg off. Is that unusual? Oh, I think so. So at any rate, I put my right leg against the toilet. Now I have a sudden I hear. Yeah. And the toilet seat has like broken from the mooring. You know, the right side of it has broken off the mooring. I think it's appropriate that it's 1998 goes out that it's time for a new toilet seat in the Rogers house. First time in my life, ever. Not even something I ever think about is replacing a toilet seat. Do you think about it? Is it something that ever crossed your mind replacing a toilet seat? No, of course not. Does anybody in their right mind think about replacing a toilet seat? Yeah. Well, maybe he does. So that's that's on the agenda for this week. So anyway, let me start with this story. I'll give you five clues as to who I took to dinner. Now what night was that? Was that Wednesday night? Thursday night at Ruth's Chris take house. I'll give you 20 guests. They start. Yeah. The rumors. And we're sitting there, of course, and I was just asking about the last time I took them to dinner there a few months ago. And of course, naturally, it was expecting to pay. And the people at Ruth's Chris were wonderful over there for a lot of day out. That's me. We love here. And they brought over real nice card. And it said that we always love to have you done with us. Please enjoy the acceptance meal and the compliment. In other words, it was a freebie. And rumors lying at the time was, save the card for next time. So anyway, rumors will pick you up around the court of your five whatever you want. And then they're saying, and I'll show them a limousine in my driveway. A big stretch limo. A big mother stretch limo shows up in the driveway. You think you paid for it? No. I doubt it. So anyway, the limo takes us over there. Ruth's Chris, we have our usual spectacular meal. I mean, a ribby that would just knock your socks off. Just delicious. And if the end of the meal, I sure that I whip out my American Express Platinum card and sit down there on a table. And now we start the three of us, and I start reminiscing about that night when they brought the card. And the meal was on the house and his line about save the card for next time. And we're laughing about this. And just as we're starting the laugh historically about it, one of the assistant managers, not very nicely, he comes over. And she hands me a card. Instead, and she pushes my credit card away. And she says, we always love having you with it. And at that point, of course, I knew what it was. We only what it was. So now I'm laughing uncontrollably. I'm making an ass out of my stuff because I can't stop laughing. I'm saying, thank you. I liked that. You know, I know open up the card. Only they wise up this time because they dated it. This is December 98 happy holidays, but it's been in staff. In other words, I don't think we could use this card again like in February. We're probably not going over too big because it says December 98 happy holidays. We don't have too many important days in February, except maybe Groundhog Day and Lincoln and whatever else. So there you go, Rimmer. Oh my God, this man. And then of course, comes time to leave the tip. I mean, you're going to leave a tip as they pick up the check. So I go into my wallet and I figure well for the three of us who made been about 150 bucks. I'm going to leave 20%. I tip at a good restaurant 20%. Minimum. Anybody who goes into a good restaurant gets great food, good service, and leaves less than 20%. You're cheap, fast, you're okay. You're cheap, prick. Because if you can afford to go out of a restaurant like that, and eat that, you can afford to leave a good tip. So at any rate, I'm going to leave 30 bucks. So I got a 20. And I don't have the right change. And I'm filling it around on my wallet. And I said to Rimmer, I said, well, here, why don't you leave five bucks, okay? To least you can do your cheap bastard. And he manages to find four singles in there. Nice going, Rimmer. Oh, four old, crusty, ruffled up crumples that he's probably had for the last 30 years. They stopped. They did. They probably had to jam on him. He's been hanging on him so long. They had wallet. They had wallet. He's had him in his pocket so long. So nice going, Rimmer. Just still a cheap bastard. Great letter to the editor in a paper this morning. This shows you that we're in soft Florida. This isn't a hero, by the way. It says of he coons and called well. Only in soft Florida would, first of all, would anybody write a letter to the editor like this. Maybe in, if saladdy Michigan. Maybe in Lima, Ohio. Maybe might write a letter to the editor like this. And they would actually put it in the paper. That's the most amazing part. I'm sure they get lots of wacky letters together. Just like we get a lot of screwy faxes. But anybody with a brain doesn't put garbage in newspaper. But the hero they love garbage. So they put little heading on this letter. It says of he coons and called well. Excuse me, it says. But the late governor, Lawton, Charles was not the original he coon. That was the late Bob Sykes. He was representative from the Panhandle. I was the administrative assistant to Mr. Sykes predecessor, Miller, F. Culledwell, who also served as federal civil defense administrator, Governor and Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court. And he was one of the few never defeated while running for office in Florida. Signed William C. Martin and Carl Gables. Well, hallelujah, Mr. Martin and Carl Gables. Are we impressed? No, or what? Kind of the kind of just cropped a few days ago, okay? The governor of the state just died. Just croaked. And this guy's going to say, well, excuse me, but he wasn't the original he coon. People writing letters to the editor about who was the original he coon. If I was the original he coon, I'd probably try to hide it. I would not run around saying, hey, maybe Le Manson's original he coon. Huh? Not maybe he's just the latest and the long list of he coons. After that, the Acty put on yesterday. What did you call it? The dirty bird? Yeah, Joe, John, the dirty bird. I call it the just pathetic. Can't I want to get started on this? It's the holidays. It's that time of the year. We're supposed to be nice. We're supposed to lie a lot and pretend that these things don't bother us. It bothers me tremendously. I mean, enormously. Even if a team is winning, I don't understand. I've never been able to understand this. Maybe I just don't understand black folk. Maybe I just don't understand black folk on that ilk. Okay. Maybe there's just a certain category. And how come everybody ever seen a baseball player do it? Never. Never. Black white green Chinese never ever saw a baseball player do one of those. Chuck and Jive horse ball. Can you imagine Willie Mays hits a home run? He circles the bases and he's running around the bases. He's kicking his booty, baby. He's doing the dirty bird. Yeah, he's doing this. I mean, people would be riding in the stance. They would say, what, what are you doing, Willie? I hate to use these words. Okay, but I'll use them because this is exactly what goes through my mind. The only one in this town that's got the balls to say it like it is. As soon as I see somebody goes through those kind of Jive rations in that kind of horse crap, even if it is a game winning touch that and it's always a black guy that does it by the way. Always a black football player named F.L. I'm saying to myself, this guy is a professional nigger is what he is. And that's what everybody in America is thinking of himself. Even black people are looking at that. They say, oh my god, he's acting like a real shocking Jive nigger. And that's what it is. And you can tell me that I'm full of crap or that I'm bigoted. Hey, that's just the impression I get when I see that. White guys, this score touchdown is anybody ever seen a white guy. Score touchdown and go to what those song in a day. Never ever in my life. So in other words, we have two different sets of behaviors depending on the color your skin. And we're also supposed to be all this crap on overall equal and y'all and all that other bullcraft. I don't understand that. And this, this was, first of all, was like a catch it midfield. The dolphins are down 21 and nothing. It was a rather meaningless catch. And here's the celebration goal. And I'm like, we just want to got him super bowl. And nobody will talk about that. And then I hear a little dog this morning, Joe, a tenacious, defending Lamar. Oh, he's tried to fire up the team because Pistoff gets in fire at every single right. He could have put a shotgun up there. And so they still wouldn't have fired them up. Okay. They had no chance. Less than no chance. And even though I don't talk football and it's show some. Again, you know, I don't know what's wrong with the people on this station. Why don't want to tell it like it is? Couple of weeks ago, what was it? Marino's a four million for the cover touchdown passed. And everybody screaming, oh, Jimmy didn't, you know, he didn't really give him the credit. Well, the reason they didn't give him the credit is because they hate each other. Like poison. Why is it? If this is the sports station, how come, you know, how easy it is. Is it to win a championship or to achieve what they're hoping to achieve like go deep into the playoff? What a quarterback. The star quarterback was been here 500 years and they had coach, He had each other like poison. And that's not something I'm making up. It's a fact. I want somebody to call little dog tomorrow who's Danny Marino's best buddy. I think still showers with him on a weekend. I want somebody to call him tomorrow and challenge him to deny that. That Dan Marino and Jimmy Johnson despise each other. I mean, I don't want to get into that part of it. I just want somebody to explain to me what that dirty bird is all about. What is that? Our black athletes like some kind of a different creature than what athletes. Is that evidently, well, what is that? In fact, some of the teams, I mean, you're called a red skins in the four sports and forty nine or some teams have had, In fact, speaking of forty nine or some, have I ever seen Jerry Rice through that when he scores a pitch? No. Huh? But some teams have like these, the, if it's like somebody must come in and choreograph it. They must choreograph a whole routine that these guys go through. Like, who was it? Was the bangles? Which team was the thing where they were like rolling the dice? They were doing the make believe deal in the air? You know, while this line continues, oh, I'm hearing pops and clicks and pukes, what are they doing back there? Are we still on the air? No. What the hell is going on with the ISD and lying here all the sudden this morning? Josh Friedman says the ISDNF stuff. So what does that mean? Just a small problem. It's going back on the air now. What do we mean we're back on the air? We were off the air. The first time you heard it, we were off the air. Oh, great. All right. Who are it's the holidays? It's December 28th. We're sitting here. We're just rolling along. Shing a song. No pressure. No spots. No, nothing. It's like a week that doesn't even exist basically. It's like you kind of look around and say, how come we're here? And already, it's not even 10 30. It was already been off the air once and we're going to try for a few more times. There you go. I was going. Maybe we got to make a New Year's resolution that we can keep all the shows on here all the way through just one day in 1999. Wouldn't that be great? Always show just one day out of the New Year. We can keep them all on here without losing the line without having the technical scrubs just one day in 1999. But would that make us happy or what? So anyways, all requests we can get right through Thursday and of course Friday. Are we going to be here on Friday? No way. No way. Jose, New Year's day. We got football. We got more football and you can handle. That's right. That's where it is. Right up the old shoe. We got football until it's coming out your ears. So we'll just kind of like, you know, the fanpage for the rest of the week. And I can see already based on the phone here. We are going to get a tremendous response this way. Yeah. Nobody in town. Anybody with a brain got there a lot of here. 5 670 5 60, palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 10 17 of QA. It's the right. I am not. I'm not saying I know someone like to do that. Sam was your truth. 8 months that skinny check the skinny check I know. You're cute, you're sweet. That heroin kick. You got full air flow. 8 months that skinny check. We want to know what's the deal. The closer draft when you're angry have. You're worse than Allen McBeal. Okay, 20 after 10 at 5 60 WQM happy New Year from all your friends here at 5 60 Hackelbe a tool is it to a clock. And then it's all guilty all night I guess. We got guilty at 6, but got guilty with a pregame at 7 and then at 730 we got the Panthers and the Islanders 730 at the McAverina. And I'll be there baby. I'll be there with bells on expecting a god only knows what. By the way, thanks to the Sun Sentinel and thanks not. Okay, one out of two in bed. Actually, in yesterday's paper, they wrote something very nice and positive about me. All the one Saturday they had a little bit of a time, a little bit of a brain fart at the Sun Sentinel. At the top of the lively living and arts and parts section in Saturday's paper, it says under Quick Read in the upper right hand corner. This is this past Saturday December 26th today after Christmas. The Harold. Well, this is in the Harold. Oh, excuse me. Like I said, we love the Sun Sentinel. We still hate the Harold. Thank you, Joe, for pointing that out to me. I should have known the Sun Sentinel even as incompetent. Even as the inept as they sometimes, there couldn't be that stupid. The Harold going really the extra five yards to promote Neil and it is a set of one campaign. Quick Read, radio personality Neil Ranges mixed in appearance to raise funds to help people with age from noon to 2 PM at boarders books to 121 71 by sunrise bullet bar plantation. That's in Saturday's hero. The only problem is that that appearance was the week before in place. The 19. So better late than never, but in this case, nice job over there. Boy, is that it? You know, Hank's always talking about all the mistakes they have like on the sports pages. All the pages just loaded with mistakes. They haven't got an idea what day of the week it is over there. In addition to which lately, I don't know if you've noticed maybe it's the holidays or maybe they're just getting real lazy. But when you get the brow edition of the Harold, if you look in a sports section, even early games, oh, incomplete, incomplete. Well, what does that mean? Well, they must be putting the newspaper to bed about 738 to clock at night over there. Like on a regular basis, not just the holidays. Like they have today you get this now. Hey, we don't care. We got a monopoly. Don't bother us. We're busy pandering. Leave us alone. But as opposed to that in a sunset, will he ask today? As if this is a great newspaper, but I guess relatively speaking, it's better. Arts in leisure. Stranger than fiction. Here's a whole big thing by Tom Logica on TV and Tim Smith on classical. And it doesn't really give any credit, but I'm assuming Jick is fine hand must be in the thing in the middle of this. The 19. He's a very good reporter and review anybody out there check their rear record review. And it goes on about the president that took center say stayed with his engrossing political soap opera and sign felled went away and Sinatra and the Titanic. And then the last paragraph that says, at least radio offered one bright light shining glimmer of hope. What does it say? One bright shining glimmer of hope after a six month absence, Neil Rogers, resurfaced on WICUAN. They're gone. And abbreviated version of Rogers. She'll also briefly aired on Barry Dillers upstart Wany TV, which came to South Beach with a mandate to showcase local programming. But Wany failed miserably in its half-hearted at best quest to establish Rogers's a viable alternative to 24-hour match we run. The abortive experiment just gave Uncle Neil one more media blunder about which to catch and welcome a fleeting respite from Wild Bill's follows. I think I like that. It's up to nice in the Sun Sentinel. And they also said that the Wany experiment was a disaster and they're right. What a piece of garbage that thing. And I have no regrets. I'm glad we had the opportunity to be honored because maybe we got four or five new listeners from that TV show. So you talk about a half-assed incompetent, and this is what Barry Dillers brings down two guys that never worked in their lives in television before. Oh, make me a television station. That's like that corny old joke. You know, make me a mullet. Okay, pull for your mullet, Neil. Okay, pull for your, here's a television station. Maddy and Binky, okay? Couple of bosos, couple of illegal aliens who smuggled in from the Gaza strip. And it comes to sound beast like they know something about this town. They know anything about it. No, of course not. They put that garbage on the unit still. I've known numbers. But they do have the heat games. Anybody seen any heat games on their yet? No. They got the Marlon games. See any Marlon games yet? No. They're doing it. So thanks a lot, guys. Wany really put me on the map. And by interestingly enough, has there been any change? Any, uh, I think that we can link with having that TV show on when. No. No. Have we seen up or down or nothing? Any kind of an inkling in a research that maybe we found a new, a few new listeners because of being on that TV. No. Nothing. Oh, did they have any idea what they're doing over there? No. No. No. Thank you. Okay. Here's a mobile and homestead. Our first call. I'm going to tell you a little bit about the number of the numbers coming in the trans Okay. Here's a mobile and homestead. Our first call of the week. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's the TV? Yes, sir. Yeah. Hey. How you doing? I'm sorry to sneak up on you like that. That's all right. That's just been joining our show here. This one I did tell you that, uh, over the, over the Christmas holiday here. We had all the family together. And, uh, they're talking about, uh, different stars and everything else. Uh, oh, I've got this one's autograph from Mike. Just along in a key spot. Don't you see why I got new rockers out of there. Wow. And, uh, well, hi. Yeah, I was kind of funny because I also had my other brother often and for a lot already. Also, well, I listen to him all the time. I have his tapes and the, and three out of the four of the target tapes. And, uh, you know, because you really don't discuss, you know, like, you listen to radio, but, uh, you know, God bless you. I, you know, really enjoy a mayor. They're super. Yes, they are. And, um, that's what I wanted to request a little while. Because I, you had me in a steric, you had a red light and there are people looking up. I couldn't go to the last thing. That is, that is really a steric home. Okay, I'll play it a little bit when I do play it. Everybody in the car wants you to roll your windows down and crack it up as long as you can. All right. And, uh, also about your comment about the dancing at the end of the test. Now, I want to hear from people, maybe it's just me. Maybe they're just a handful of us who are big hits or whatever it is. If we're just the old fashioned, I am so nauseated by that. It makes me physically ill. I get sick to my stomach and I'm embarrassed for these assholes when they go out there and do it. Well, in college they, they'll get in the fine. I mean, uh, like a panel or whatever. And, um, and, um, you know, and it proves, I mean, you don't see a line when he blocks his man. He gets paid to do that. Running back his pay to catch the ball right. Right. Pay to run the ball. When he makes the touchdown, I don't think it should be able to do that. I don't see anybody else to raise just, you know, when you do your job right. You mind, I don't jump up and down. Yeah, when the rainy boat comes in and we get like a real good rating. Uh, George and I know get up here and start doing the dirty, dirty birds. Yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we don't start doing that. Like, like, we just came out of a bit of a, uh, the parrot jungle or something. Right. I know. You know, if you want to do that, go doing a bathroom or something. But, uh, I mean, man, I don't know. I'm talking to all that seed, right. You've got it. I mean, it's kind of ridiculous, right? You know, I normally don't watch football with those kind of sick yesterday and just, you know, watching TV on, I'm a calcium. Yeah. Yeah. That was disgusting. But one thing about that came, at least there was no stress or pressure anyway after the first Statement incident was all over. So it was a stress free, you know. Right. And then at the end of the night, there was watching the Cardinals came when the guy kicked in, 50 years ago. I mean, that was great. If you didn't see him do him to dirty bird. Yeah, but I'm down. No, he's the white fact. And not only that by the way, of course, all the kickers are white guys anyway. So I can't, I can't think, you know, all of my life. I can't think of a black place kicker in Nashville football. Can't think of one. Oh, neither Christ. But I think we ought to have one. And after they make the 61-yard field goal or whatever it might be to win the game in the last two seconds, let's see if the NFL field goal kicker or a place kicker is going to do the same thing. The dirty bird. Yeah, I agree with you. But anyway, you got my family listen to your own stuff for him. And I think he's a douchebag anyways. Okay. Have a great day. I'm fresh. Jep in New Year. Okay. We have an open line of day two and a broad five six seven five sixty pound five six the only 18 and T wireless line. It's got to be just me. I mean, we've talked about this before, but it's it's disgusting. It's nauseating. It's puke inducing. But what is that routine? And you go in the half or even I'll give you better one than that. Receiver catches the ball at the 20 yard line. He's got nobody beats nothing but green between him and the end zone. He's going in for sure for the score. And now all of a sudden he slows down and he does the high step into the end of there's another one of those deals. Oh, we've been styling man. I've been styling. No, you're an asshole is what you are. You're an asshole. You're a professional athlete that's getting paid probably millions of dollars to go out there and do a job and entertain the public. If we want to go see that kind of crap, we'll go see the guy then bullsh way ballet or something. We'll go, whatever. But I mean, just give me a break. It is so classless and so tacky and so stupid. And so I mean, you talk about sitting back civil rights a hundred years. It really does. And I don't care what anybody says. You can call me a bigot, whatever you want. But that's what I think. When I see somebody do that, I'm taking it myself. What a f***ing nigger man. That's exactly what's going through my mind. And I'm one of the few people in this guy named country of hypocrites. It's got the balls to come here on a year and tell you that's what's going through my mind. So if you think you're impressed anybody by doing that kind of you can enjoy an dirty bird bull crap, you're full of crap. And of course, if the coaches had any control over these guys which most of them don't they tell you know, he's got a little bit on a bull crap, okay? Because it's pretty guy named in person. Plus we're getting our ass kicked. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I appreciate you doing the center one thing. I'm not talking about football right now. I went to center one. I'm sorry. I went to the borders on Saturday. Right. And they don't have any more tapes. They say they sent them all back. This is borders in Haventura. And I want to know where to get your tapes in a shirt. What do you mean they sent them all back? That's what I couldn't understand. I went in there and they said we don't have many more. We sent them back center one. Warders in Haventura. I thought we had like three days to go here this week. But I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought. Well, you can call center one. The easiest way. It's five, six, three. Five, six, three. Five, six, three. Thirty, thirty, six, hundred. Okay. Have your shirts off? Yes, they do. Okay. Sounds good. And the mail-in? Yes, sir. All right. And shameless request? Yes. Go ahead. You too. No way, sir. So they sent a back. Well, maybe maybe we're all done. Are we done? Does anybody know? No. Does anybody have any idea? Are we done? Is the, I'm sure the fan ain't going out this week? Huh? Sam and Christian, those go. I'm not going out this week, aren't they? No. I don't know. But they did a great job first, by the way. I don't want to say that. Sam and almost the Chris. They did a great job first last two weeks. Getting a QLM fan out there. Raised about 10, 11, 12 extra grants. We had $124,000 per cent of them. I went out there on Thursday. Does anybody know how we're doing now? No. Well, that's a holiday week. Just ease off, relax back off a little bit. Just to do the dirty bird. That's it. I just got a great idea. That's what we're going to do with the hockey game tonight. I mean, the wave is out. Okay. Let's stop doing something that went out 20 years ago every play. So let's, for once be innovators. Let's be frontwaters instead of just, yeah. Let's all sit there and do the dirty bird. Like we're going to fly away. Okay. Like we're starting to roll goddamn soft food to airlines. Right. Hey, let hear you go. I'll fly away. And some of us just might be able to do it, by the way. Let's do that when they put that to care. I'll go tonight. When they shoot you with the macarina tonight. That's right. Do a little dirty bird. Little, just, by the way, anybody ever see a hockey player score goal and do that now. I'm not sure if it's possible to do the dirty bird on skates. I don't know. I somehow, I can't imagine Peter World Rail doing that. Nor can I imagine him scoring a goal either, by the way. So I don't think we'll ever have the opportunity to see that happen. But I mean, like a real like my career who's a black player, good player on Edmonton. You know, my score is a goal every now and then. I don't imagine that he or like a famous aim is there on, you know, for Michigan State, famous andton Carter. I was coming from famous aim is, andton Carter. He scores a lot of goals. I don't think ants in Carter after he scores a goal. Does the dirty bird? No. I don't think so. Not yet. Now maybe we can introduce that is, you know, break up a lot of the boredom because we've had some real bad games this year at the McAureen with the National Carrectal Center. Not to mention that Washington Game last Thursday. Oh, by the way, don't forget, always a good idea of these home games. Bring yourself a little pen flash light and some good reading material. On, you know, where the good food is by the way, the good food I find out is up on the second level. Which I'm not sure how you get up there, but I discovered that the good they have like Penny Pasta or chicken they've all got all kind of good stuff on the second level. The food on the first level, I'm going to bring that. Oh, God, you're dog wouldn't eat it. But on the second level, if you find some way to sneak up there, that's where the good stuff is. Hey, speaking of good stuff to put in your push by the way, Ben and Jerry's ice cream. It's a revolution. And the good part of the news is it's all over the world now. Not only an Amsterdam, but everywhere you go, there has been in Jerry's up the old black building Ying Ying, man, it's everywhere because people of the scuba, hey, you know, if you're going to have ice cream, if you're going to put all that sugar in your mouth, and you're going to have a real enjoyable experience, it might as well be the best in the world. And that's what Ben and Jerry says. Not just you're boring, ordinary, you know, I'm going to leave the boring flavors to boring people. And there are many of you out there who are boring. Okay, like vanilla, you like butter, pecans, great. More pox, strawberry, it's all this boring. But if you want to put great ice cream in your mouth, Ben and Jerry's mix unbelievable flavors like fish food. Chocolate ice cream with loads and loads of gooey caramel, marshmallow and little chocolate pieces shaped like fish, swimming around inside of it. And they also make fish sticks to tidy over in between pints. They've also got great flavors that are unduplicated anywhere in the world like Kirrigarcia and chocolate Chirrigarcia, New York Superfudge, Trump, Chubby Hubbie, Chunky Monkey, chocolate chip cookie, though, heat bar crunch, dash, to lay mash. And they got a lot of those flavors that come in frozen yogurt that tastes like ice cream. You wouldn't even know it's yogurt and not ice cream. Ben and Jerry's isn't just ice cream, by the way. It is an addiction. Now guarantee you can eat like only two or three spoonfuls. You pick up fish food and you melt that down to what ice consistency. If you can eat only one tablespoon, then you are some kind of a human being. I'll tell you, you've got some kind of power. Just give it a try. Pick up about 20 or 30 pints of Ben and Jerry's fish food and all the other great flavors at your favorite supermarket or convenience store or mobile station or any place in town. It's all over the place. Or visit one of Ben and Jerry's scoop shops. There's one in Miami, an event you're a mall between blooming dails and the AMC food. There's no event you're a mall else where they send all our stuff back. And one on Miami Beach is 760 Ocean Drive. Ben and Jerry's it is absolutely so good. It's almost obscene. This is 560. You A L. Good L. White left down the banana. Oh right. Oh, a rotten D. Found that yellow devil, hiding in her purse. He's cold, he's hard, but he's got a few. I hope it never happens to you. Some fruit breaks your marriage into. My wife left down my baffa banana. My baby should fit in the way. I'll like to jump with a banana. I'm a jealous man. To come to six in Latin love, And that's the thing, oh, right hand. And right now I could just die. Easy to my banana cream pie. My wife left down my baffa banana. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping away. Temperature is seven at the WQM. I'll tell you one thing must be slipping away. Channel four. Did you see this? Did you read this to memo? Somebody sends us a copy of an internal memo from WFOR. And what did they have to fire a poor Campbell Martian? And all these other people that are blown out over there? Times must be really tough. A channel four in town must begin to be that real. It is so hard. The memo says this is to all transmit a security from Henry's skip green. Subject Styrofoam cups. As you know by now WFOR is no longer buying coffee for the transmitter site. As a result of this WFOR will no longer buy Styrofoam cups for the site. If you want, if you want to drink water or coffee, you must bring your own cup. Do not use other cups. When the current supply of Styrofoam cups is gone, that's it. We will continue to have bottled water for now. Sign skip. I'll tell you who they could use over there to help straighten this all out. They wouldn't have to. They wouldn't have to. They wouldn't have to. They wanted. They got her. Got her. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing sir? Great. I just want to say much of the pain. You're absolutely right about that dance. The song was embarrassing. I'm black and now. Don't say it don't don't equivocate. It's not almost an isn't version. When you see that you feel like man, that man is making me feel like a crab. Yeah, it's from the right. And I have to say, you know, not calling it a complaint to you, but to say you're really doing help. You don't personally, in town, can I meet that? You know, to say something to that. So that's really all I like to show. Thank God for you having the balls as a black man this 30 minutes. You will say that if the guy was white. That's all right. That's absolutely right. You know, the idea of me. Yeah. But why is it that white guys don't do it? And there's this certain group. Not all black guys do that. Like I said, I like Jerry Rice who has some class. You'll ever see him do that. But what is it with these giant ass turkeys out there? Well, I tell you, you don't black. I don't have the answer. So I just out the car. Yeah. Well, we'll get to the bottom of it. So the last thing we do. Well, hey, you got balls. Okay. Have a great new year. See, there you go. There's a brother and he says absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. That's what he said. He feels embarrassed. Like he wants the squirrel mother of the couch when he sees some java as turkey. Do in the god damn dirty bird. The dirty bird. How about if he does the big bird? Okay. And shows it up in the back. Sounds okay. Two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, sixy and five, sixy on the 18, two, one. See these people think I just make this up. Oh, he don't know nothing about what's going on. It's the jocks. There you know what? They may know what's going on. But how come they don't have the balls to tell you to come right on. You're an open up a mouth and tell you exactly the way it is. Like I said about Jimmy Johnson and Dan Marino who do you test each other like poison, which is why John is a Jimmy is always taking his little digs and little shots, you know, about the quarterback this. It usually doesn't even mention him by name when he takes his little shots. And we got his 300 or 5 million to whatever it held was. We were touched on past and everybody was screaming and calling it on the station and all the people on here. Scream it about it. Well, the reason that he didn't make a big deal about it is because he don't like them. They don't like each other. They didn't. And I don't understand how that's going to work. Tell it would be like working in a radio station where you didn't like the boss. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to say, you know, happy, black next New Year. That worry about the good things. But I want to say that somebody goes to the honest races. And I just want to tell people that not buying those moronic, blanary tickets. We haven't got a shot. At least go there and just get one or two names of people if they dead on them. At least they got a shot out of good time. Have a nice meal. Okay. Great. Okay. Listen, say how did David Horrible for me, too. Okay. We have an open line of bread one a day. Five six. See, that's the problem. Oh, and that reminds me. Thank God. I'm so glad you called. So even though that may come as a shot to you. And the audience, especially. No, because he reminded me, you know, the more things change in this town. And the more they stay the same. Excuse me for being way off. I could look at him. I've got to find this now. I forgot about it. Where was this article? Maybe I don't even have a with me. Well, this must be it helped for the helpless. No, that's not it. But it was about Gulf Stream Park. Oh, I mean, it's so embarrassing. Come on. Where the hell is it? Mr. I can't find the damn thing. I guess I didn't bring that section with me. It was the thing about how the Gulf Stream is going to try for the 10 million times to attract a different group of betters and spectators. They're bringing in old rock groups. They've been doing this for a hundred years. Who are they bringing in now? Eris Deflat. Did you see that? Eris Deflat. And most of the people that attract need error. They need an error supply. They're gasping for oxygen. The median age there of the blue hairs that Gulf Stream is 120 years old. That's why I haven't been there in years. I won't go there. I saw my good friend Roy Slainha from Gulf Stream at a hockey game. When we could go to a go and give me my press pass. All my credentials, my parking pass. They're always very nice to me over there. I will not go there because first of all, you go to the window of Gulf Stream. I mean, I know Hank and those guys all the gambling click any Kaplan. They hang out upstairs. They're in a press box. They don't have to worry about standing online. Which is smart. That's the way to do it. Because if you're down next, I like to be in the stands of the track. Or at least at a table of the dining room like a pop at a park. I don't want to be like way up in there. And I like some big shot. I want to be a mingle with the skumbags. But you go to the window to make a bed of Gulf Stream. And there's some old far 120 years older front of you. And here's exactly what happened. He goes in in front of you. And now he opens up the racing form. And he leans over in front of the teller. Okay. There's 30 seconds to post time. They're putting the horses in the starting gate. And now this guy, he's handicapping. And he's hard to get me a trifecta. Give me that one. Not not. The three. And of course you're standing there, Ping in your pants. You know that you're going to get shut out. Which even if you lose, I'm all those people. If I'm at the track, I don't want to be shut out. Okay. I'd rather get my bed. And even if the horse falls down, breaks the leg. I want to get my bed in. That's what I went there for. Not to be just to watch everybody else bed. So now they're bringing in air supply. Does anybody in the world think that air supply is going to bring a younger crowd out to Gulf Stream? No. I don't think so. I mean, they let you all those stale 50s groups. They brought back the remnants of groups that didn't exist anymore. You know, not Martha Reeves, but the Van Delos. You know, Martha, the Van Delos without Martha. That kind of stuff they would bring in. I mean, you know, when are you going to learn? It just isn't it didn't work in the past. It isn't going to work now. You're just, this is the problem with the permutuality. Like this guy that calls me to the go about the kick somebody at that harness. He's doing a, what was the guy from guiding like that? They own Larry King hit him on the other night. Did you see that? It was a repeat because he did. So obviously it was a repeat. The guy that played Roger on guiding light. They're just to die from ALS. I mean, did this guy talk of the voice box? That gets him. Got to tell these people. It's that play in the lottery. Come out to pop it up. And then on Kevin Wallace. That guy with a voice box. And you know something he's one of our younger people that we have about this. If you've ever felt embarrassed or self-conscious about your medical condition, listen to this, special offer. New from respiratory records. Come on. Come on. Come on. The best of, Blake, two karaoke. Just listen to this. Let the party go on. Right here. Let the liberation, the left to the ear. That's like all your favorite hits as performed by any of Oslo. Oh, Chris O'Good. Come on, baby. Make it or so, Chris. And who could forget this classic? Hey, you. Don't make it bad. Think, think, think, think, think. Call today for the best of Drake, two karaoke. Just dial one, eight, eight, five, twelve, sing. That number again. One, eight, eight, five, twelve, sing. One, two, three, four, sing. And tell the people that are not just Ranger to pop it up, Park. Hell, no Kevin Wallace has got it. A little wally, Hennessy's okay. There you go. Nice going, sir. I'll see you at the respirator room, okay. When's the night? Of course tonight we've got a hockey game. By the way, fat read on Book of Brian. Don't come down here today. There's no check for you today. Book of Brian, go home. Should have mentioned that an hour ago. Sorry about that. Well, George isn't here today. We're not doing checks and that stuff today. That's tomorrow. So if you're on your way down here, Book of Brian, turn around and go back where you came from. And also, if fat readches listening to Wednesday sounds good for the track tonight. But this week because tonight we got a hockey game. He always takes pressure. And so, but I got them tracking anything else. Hockey's number one, even though our team is a mediocre, but best in Terry Murray says a lot of bizarre things. And he banks his Gordon Murphy now. And he's doing all kinds of, he just lost it. He has no clue. Two open lines within Dave County. And you know, they're not going to talk about this for more time. It's the one I hate to single him out because he's only one of hundreds. But they're not going to talk about it because they don't have the balls to talk about the way they honestly and really feel when they see this stuff. Okay. Maybe it's just me and this other black guy that called a man to go. Maybe we do only two people in America who are nauseated and turned off and just embarrassed for these people with that kind of behavior. Maybe other people think it's great. Maybe they think it's a real show. It's showmanship, baby. Here's a Westchester. Hello. Westchester. Yes sir. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. I'm going back to my country. Good. Okay. We'll pack your sandwich. Let's go to a mobile in Coral Gables. Hello. The morning, Neil. Yes sir. Happy holiday. And back to you. And a great job on your. Things were. Yes, it was for Santa one and that thing. Yeah. Listen. One great job on my thing. But. Yeah. One good way to take and stop those jobs from doing that. Yeah. Drug test and after the game. That's all. Okay. Thanks very much. Here's a brilliant comment. Drug test and after the. Yeah. Okay. I'm not looking to bring out the clansmen yet. Okay. Maybe that'll do that a little later in the week. I'm looking for people that got like a real attitude or opinion on that. Yeah. Drug test and after the game. Dave County lines are open five six and maybe you ought to start drug testing. I got a great idea. I have a great idea. Although we'll be bad for business at the ball games. Can you imagine. I mean, all you cops out there that are always setting up these road types of variety checks. What are better place to do it right outside. P.P. Park after a dolphin Monday night game. Forget about the other game. A Monday night game. Or after one of the. A panter games like after the night at the macro. You come out of there. Oh, we got a little road block here. You're going to have to do a little. Subriding test. You think that may be like 40. The people would wind up failing the test. It's a beautiful thing. Much and all those people just just downing. Gosling down beer after beer after beer after beer. Hey, give me the keys. Come on. I know my way. Give me the keys. Like my good friend Andy. You sit over there on the other side. We see Andy the whale in the hockey game. I'll wait. Didn't I. Before you get all read in the push. You get two in coherent to see me. Here's a mobile in Miami. And how you doing there. Great. I have a. A pain. It's like you have a pain about the dirty bird. Yeah. And to the house boy that called in early. The house boy. The reason. Yeah. The Uncle Tom. The reason you are going to understand. About celebration is because you don't understand. Growing up as a as a young child in the. Uh. Hard of liberty city. Whenever we play fanrod, you switch. Sustan is your time to sign. So all the pros are doing what they were doing. And that child's brigade is just expressing himself. Uh huh. And we're white people like you in the house. Wait. Call the house. Don't understand. I'm going to crack. Yeah. You can. You go to get this. So if you don't understand, it must be wrong. So it's not wrong. It's that you don't understand. You know, I didn't say we're going to. I think it's. It's my stomach is what I say. But the. We celebrate about a lot of things. Yeah. And whatever we get a chance to shine like these guys. It's going to mean that people who all walk and do something that white can't do. That's what you're talking to. Don't have a day. All you have to do is fight. Yeah. In a great way. Well, I'm going to fight you. I'll train the coach to call. There were sent a Peter well over the house to beat the crap out of. Oh, we're not going to be doing about a half an hour sir. A big black guy named Peter is going to beat the snout. Are you okay? We have an open line at Broward to a day five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the world famous. 18 a t. Why or whatever. This wireless line. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Okay, sir. Listen, this one talk you. I went up to the Tampa game this weekend. Oh, okay. What a pathetic performance. How would you go over to see that every week? Well, you know, it was a long weekend. We know what to look for. Time seeing that crap. Oh, if you know we're watching day. We were up there. We went to Bush Gardens. We had a weekend of it. Yeah, Bush Gardens isn't too bad by the way. Yeah, listen. I don't think. I have to the first period. By the way, don't you think I know who this is? Well, that's not the matter. Yeah, it does. Can you believe that? Can you believe that was that winding jackass? Oh, my god, I'm going to talk to you. I'm not going to tell you then. I'm asking myself, how, why would you waste your time going to the, you have no life? Of course you would be one of those ideas that will go over the Tampa to watch a bum fore cocky game. Of course you would. Could you have no life? Wigning simple to know. It thinks because George isn't here today. It's going to take me more than 10 seconds to catch on to who this asshole is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. You know, this guy that called a minute ago. It's like the same thing about, you know, that pros and cons book. I was talking about about the gangsters in the NFL. Well, you don't understand, you know, you can't take the boy out of the ghetto. All these old tire cliches. Nobody wants cliches as excuses for behavior that is deemed to be crap, okay? That is socially unacceptable. Now, I'm not saying the dirty bird is socially unacceptable. Yes, but let's work on it, okay? Let's put our heads to it. Let's work on it. When you're losing 21, nothing in millions of people are watching. And your catcher, make a cast that really has no significant. Certainly, it's going to change the outcome of the game. People, middle of millions of people are looking at this guy and saying, These are the assholes. That's right. So this other scumbag that calls your minute ago, give me all the song of the dance he wants about, well, you don't understand. I do understand, okay? That is when you're getting paid. It's like the guy that the wooden stand for the national anthem. What that was his name that he changed his name to, you know, in the NBA. And he got to come out. See Joe is just, he's under too much stress, too much pressure. I do a row. Thank you so much. I knew I could count on our sports expert back there. Did you or sports expert Josh Friedman? What was it, Mach Mood? Oh, yeah. I want you to hear. No, you would like to say it because it's got a, and that's why you like to say it. Come on, admit it. I admit it. He admits it. He likes to say, see, Jews, because I can tell you, we like things. Like, like, Krishman had talked us. Oh, yeah. We like Santa because most go in can't say it. Unless they're Germans, which of course then we run real fast. But anyway, he did not be Santa for the national anthem. Well, I got no score. When you're getting paid millions of dollars, the league certainly has got the right to tell you, at least to a minimum degree. I mean, they're not saying you got to go out there and, uh, every here on your head has got to be a certain like, but they're going out there saying, this is, this is the way we do things. If you don't want to do it this way, you're out. Goodbye. I blow it out your ass. Right, Mark mood. And he said, no. So anyway, it's, uh, how would he get involved? This isn't it the holidays? Are we supposed to be? Because it makes me sick to my stomach. That's why. And because like I said, you want to hear other people on this station talking about this. Oh, they'll still cover it up and they'll stop at a little jol get on it. A little dog this morning and suck around. Man, you know, he, I, I take it back. I apologize to guilty. I really do the biggest suck hole of all on that show is Joe Rose. He really, he's a suck up man. Sox Dan Marino's back home. A big time. I mean, seriously, those two shower together on the weekend. I've heard reports. They actually, I mean, they, they never played on the team together. Didn't think wasn't the reverse was already retired by the time Marino started. Did they play together? Yes. For how long? The early, the real early Marino days. Joe Rose, got Marino's first pass. Touch out. Touch out. Ah, Josh came up with line and even though it. He caught the Danny's first pass, huh? That was this in the locker room around the football field. Josh. I'm not commenting on. Okay. No, but by me, how long was he there? I'll not be for Joe finally got settled off the channel six. A couple of years. A couple of years, yeah. But I mean, he those two are so tight. So you're never getting objectivity about that. And this thing and to suck up and try to cover up, oh, he was just trying to get the team fired up. I mean, come on, give me a break. Is there anybody with a brain that believes that? No, of course not. It's a Jeff and like Mark Gansdale that is, so we don't have to make this a racial thing. There was a white guy. Everybody in America could look at him and say, he's an asshole. Some ordinary place, you know, a half of yard in the cloud of dusty makes a tackle. And he's out there and he acted like, you know, Godzilla. And I don't care whether you're black or white. I mean, there's just no room for that in professional sports. And the example that it sits for the kids is pathetic. It's not bad enough that we got all these NBA guys out on strike because they're having a tough time Scraping money together to put that bread on the table with their 15 to 18 million dollars a year. And having a tough time making a budget in the household. That's a real good example for all you kids out there is Don Cherry would say, and if he doesn't stop saying, I'm going to stop watching how can you not in Canada by the way. Cut it out, crap. You're getting it. I mean, so old and tired. By the way, nice game by the Leafs there Saturday against Montreal. I like felt sorry for the Canadians. They wanted to give them one, you know, anybody care about that? No, anybody see it? No, thank God. 1056 and 560 WQA. That's a done basket. This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation just made a plus surgery. It's just all of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. Well, you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay. I don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know if they would do it. It works. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that one with you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll be back. Okay. Okay. Um, my name is buffer. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'm not going to use my lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the business. Oh, Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to put the lotion in the basket? Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. Minute after 11 at 5. 60 WPM. So what the hell is he trying to say? It works the lotion in the basket. That's what I thought. They still don't get it. You know, he realized this is about 20% of the idiots out there. They still don't get it. Two open lives in Broward 5. 6705. 60 and 5. 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Great. First time calling. I just wanted to. Please don't hang up. This is actually interesting. I got out of the Marine Corps. What is actually interesting? What is that mean? It is this big about what this players are doing in the hands own. What's happening? What do I have to do with getting out of the Marine Corps? What does that mean? Okay. Explain to you. Very simple. I've been working for a joint law enforcement. And I have to work all day to get paid $40,000. All day, $8 hours, 10 hours a day. But the N of the Year to get paid about $40,000 a year. I see this players making millions of dollars. The square touch down and jump up and down like monkeys. And then you remind me of all the guys. I was thinking around. The eyes. You remind me of those guys that stand up in the corner and over town. Stelling drugs. Celebrating. God knows what. When they make a score. They jump up and down. They do the dirty bird. And they do the dirty bird. And they do the dirty bird. And they do the dirty bird. And over town. When they make a drug deal. They don't know that. They jump up and down. And they're. They do the dirty bird. I mean jumping up and down. They do the dirty bird. They do the dirty bird. Okay. Do the dirty bird. They do all kinds of crazy celebrations. Yeah. And I'm just standing there watching this guy. How do they get down on the ground? And they like roll a pair of imaginary dice. Did they also do that? No. No. They don't. Well, maybe they'll be next week. But they always. It's despicable that I got to work all day. Yeah. To make 40 grand. And when I see this guy making mediums of dollars just to kill your football. Mm-hmm. He's just despicable. That's all I got to say. And don't forget the guys in the NBA. They're only making 12, 15, 18 million years there. But at the top time, they're making ends meet. You know, just one of those things. Okay. Good luck, pal. Welcome to you. You guys doesn't understand it because that's the American fucking way. That's right. Because we really got our priorities in order, baby. We understand. But you know, I'm actually taking great pleasure watching the House of Cards. I'll come crumbling down like I predicted. A few years ago when I started talking about this, as usual, oh, he's crazy. He's just a party, poop, or anything. He's talking about. And you see, they keep building these new arena's new stadiums and more skyboxes, more luxury boxes and more thousands and thousands of empty seats. You want, and it's just amazing to me, the sweet center and boss of the ball places. You want to see the original 16's in league and you watch a hockey game from the free center. And you see all those thousands of people disguise this yellow seats. It's amazing. Just tons of empty seats. And you want to know why? Because they just can't afford any more punishment, okay? So if the NBA, and it should be like any day now, they'll be officially announced in cancelation of the entire season. And we'll all say, yeah, that's what we'll say. Well, that's a goddamn party. I promise you that. We'll all get together and do the Durnie Bird and celebrate. Here's a mobile in the Miami, hello. And you know, yes, sir. You know, I have a big dish and this is the second year that I refuse to pay for the football package because I can't stand the celebrations. Yeah. I mean, here are professional athletes. You never see, like you said, they never see that kind of celebration in hockey. You're very rarely seen in baseball when a guy hits a home run and a great spot. You know, he tries, he chops around the bases. He comes into the dugout. They give each other high-fines. There's none of them. I mean, I mean, these guys work more in a choreography than they do on their play. Yeah. And for most media, I think, and thank now you mentioned, I really do believe that every team in the NFL has got a don't choreographer. You know, I agree with you. I mean, I just stop watching football. I mean, every now and then I'll catch a dolphins game or if there's a really a couple of good teams playing. I totally lost interest in professional football. See that, right? Most professional sports. This, this militant guy to call me a little while ago. And I think he's serious, unfortunately. He doesn't have the end. And of course, I guess he doesn't care. So there's this element of people. We don't care what you think. Well, I, that's fine. But I'm still going to express my opinion. It's still real turn off. So if you don't hear, then don't be all bent out of shape because I'm telling you what I think. I can't stand it. You know, and it just turned me off to the whole game. And I used to be a fanatic. I mean, I used to, you know, use to watch football from from Saturday afternoon through Monday night without a stop. And I hardly ever watch a game anymore. Okay. All right. Happy New Year. Have a good one. Yeah. And in fact, I'm trying to think, and it was, it wasn't it. It was a white guy. I'm trying to think a couple of years ago when a guy fumbled the ball going to be in zone because he was celebrating and he was fumbled like on a one year or less. Or no, he spiked the ball. Was that a white guy or a blood, not that it makes any difference. Remember that? Don't you worry. Yeah. Guys, spike the ball. I kind of want to put line. Okay. You're looking to make it. There was any NFL. I guarantee you this. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's good. Think that's interesting. We're talking about that. This is just fantastic. If you want to write that down, remember somebody that knows something about sports, Joel. We have an open line in date. Five, six, seven. Joseph, he hates all of this. By the way, he was working on like a music station. Like Paul 96. Here's Miami. Hello. I love. Yes, sir. Yes. Good morning. I just want to say that I agree with you so much about everything you said about the Johnson and the meeting was catching the middle of the middle of the disaster team is being embarrassed and he comes like a moron he still allows it receive or despite the new uh... and a couple of games and i think the night is a marino just like Sean work and that's was a good marino is maybe even a lima Thomas look good yeah but uh... the thing is all in the thank you for being honest and stating you use open your own day versus somebody like uh... joros with this morning but then well a mark Thomas was trying to roll the up to the top of the pylec rap exactly the reason of the more on uh... uh... uh... and the down those to give me johnson was i think is absolutely the big ball and there is also a panic excuses for these idiots that that behave like a couple more on the field okay well i got a chance to you man and have a great day she there you go so far it's almost unanimous except for that one militant guy out there who's all been out of shape and can't wait for the big black guy named the peter to come to his house in october down which he's on his way by the way pal also joros's brother-in-law is going to be there with him just as a backup so to speak where we go and here's uh... here's how he would allow new yes sir down the beat he took the ball from the outlet and the super bowl member john bibi down the beat now done the beat it off the leon let me was cross in the right right to me i think it's uh... from the york and i think it's a sudden thing i i don't he must have been a bibi brain you go i don't see any of the northern ball players doing that kind of stuff to me i think it's a southern mentality type things we think about that i think we need a lot more like northern players like Lawrence Taylor he was always a good-day role model for kids he's a little problem again last few days but they'll be alright no one gets a good touch on like oh jaro he used to just yeah i'm happy with the killer no question okay and he was like from the afar west he was out from the but that get to you can't take the get to and that was that's what they say if uh... if it fits uh... you must to quit or something like that uh... if you're talking rhyme uh... you're talking real slime you know see if it doesn't cover anything up you know these these like just he jackson isn't a letter here in the course john and cockering he likes to do with two because they've got a bit uh... tv show you know you talk in rhyme a lot you know if it doesn't fit you must equip because it sounds like something that rhymes with quit oh god it's uh... so said but it's like i said before you got to understand you can't fight it because that's the american that's right so either uh... think of the way maybe think of the way we either go with a flow or uh... you just don't know here's keral city hello keral city hey how you doing that great and the black Canadian from parana you're a black Canadian yes i am you know i was a hearing you talk about uh... the celebrations while anyway first of all about the more time is they're gonna get crushed by buffalo but we're gonna come here we're gonna run all over them yeah just thinking about the good old days when people like derrocytler when they score pita stash when they score in hockey what is they never ever celebrate not put their stick up here and they'll go on it no you want to be the one that's right i mean that is what it's all about i remember derrocytler scored so many goals for the and it was a good one by the way six and one game i just thought i mentioned that i remember against the Boston brood right hey here's the real sports fan ladies and gentlemen here's a rarity in this town yes and one name is errol and um... i'm a first-time caller in it is good to see you on TV offer and thank god that uh... even though we had a couple of bad games thank god the least can finally work at the blue and white proud this year you know it man there you go and have a great life thank you mr oh my god cian how come he was to our particular he wasn't talking in jive and talking in rhymes he got the candidate and you'll find there's black people up there not too many but there's a black people up there and he speak like a English and then up the passion off his book bonnicks crap and jookin and jive and and dance in act like professional step in fetches we got to make some progress here baby we got to stop worrying about calling people honkeys and niggers in the crackers and all the other bullcrap we got to be just like regular human beings okay but if you want to have your own separate code of behavior that people can look at his elm i got look at that step and fetched cool man because that's the way he's behavior that's what we're saying that's what we're thinking and most of you even alam sitting here do i guess i can do it for you okay because most of you are a bunch of prosthetic spinalists whims who don't have the guts to tell it looks exactly the way you feel this is america's because your conditions your condition to be a limp your condition not to really speaking your mind because you might have fend somebody oh god someday someday when people can uh wake up and realize how backward this guy in countries well by the way speaking of backward i'm not going to get into this thing but i read one interest there's a book called and totally off the wall but it just came to my mind the book is called the super anti-oxidant's well it changed the face i hope you're in the 21st century is this anything to do with what i'm talking about no anyway it talks about diabetes and hearing it says the diabetic produces a bi-product of glucose metabolism called servitile so i've always wondered why i've had this tremendous average of these sugar substitute products that are loaded with servitile and as soon as i eat like the just a very small amount of it oh god in the nine diabetic servitile is formed but broken down readily into fructose and other simple sugar this allows the servitile to be excluded from the cell and the diabetic however with frequent elevations in blood sugar levels servitile accumulates in the cell and plays a major role in the complications of the diabetic oh how do you like that so while you people out there on your diabetics we're eating servitile as a substitute for sugar you're doing yourself a reprobable damage i'm telling you that right now okay great book by the way but i don't want to start with it here's a Miami hello how you doing great good morning what is this what is this um i agree with you on some things and i don't agree with you on other things i don't mind a celebration that's my opinion and you were saying that you like people who are too to what they think well i believe that the celebration doesn't bother me because in hockey after some time even when they don't score go they start you know fighting okay thank you okay we have an open line of day five six seven oh five six to you that was one of our little hulu is evidently because we started that about still talking Greek we're doing Greek i think here's a mobile wait a minute mobile in the four-letterdale hello hey the other dog right hey there there's a little reference to you know everybody is saying that all these players get paid so much money you know the fact that you're paying so much money is that special low shelf life you know they're going to be in the league for what five to ten years of max and after that well i'm gonna get let me ask you this how would you like to be paid three four five million year for a five to ten years you think you could you think you could handle it huh i think i can handle it and you think maybe you be able to stock away enough so that maybe you might be able to live off it for the rest of your life of course but you know the people who resent it or i'll probably some high school you know big high school football stars didn't make it anywhere and they looked up down and these guys making four to five million dollars a year and they're resent it okay the people who resented are people are high school football stars you couldn't make it in the pros that's when you're supposed to people like a lot there to work their ass off of ten hours today six days a week through fifty weeks a year and i'm gonna go to five and a week they still pay to go to the game they do of course how can i afford it how can i should have left at a four to go pay and see that crap i don't know but you know what everyone who hates the fact that you guys are getting paid ten million dollars a year you know you should respect that you know you guys wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait what do you mean you should respect that these guys are the cream cream on the crap load out your ass okay go boil some cream get out of my face she's no i didn't say in my face i said it puts the nourishing in the bars that's what i said there's a cream of the crop man you're you're the problem with america sir we're tracing your call and once the big black guy named Peter gets done with his other guy that call little while ago he's gonna come over to your house and be not gonna on the door and straighten your ass out and put your priorities put your house in odor mister these are the cream of the crop i think you had one letter wrong and i second word there the cream of the crap that's right big stink in deal they play a game who i'm starting to get to fight George now it is for stuff because it's starting to really offend me bitterly the fact that there are assholes like this guy who are defending people that are getting paid ten and fifteen and twenty million dollars a year to go out and play a game and then if they get a guy damn hang nail like Roger Clemett they get a hang nail or maybe too much that day which in his case could be almost any day then all of us from these that would be coming in and this is a turn in the rotation yeah rotate this okay Roger well he couldn't get as much in the open marks see some of you people aren't old enough to remember sports when it was a real sport when there was some real loyalty when out k-line was on the tigers his whole career or Mickey Manel was the ackey his whole career or jota modules he did yet a jota module if you know and once in a while a guy like babe Ruth when it was at the end of his career okay went to the dodgers the company was like over the hilly was finished and it would be like big news like a major story but generally speaking there was some continuity because there was a loyalty factor now you get a guy like Kevin Brown Kevin Brown as far as I'm concerned is breaking the law because in America other than certain a Carson County Nevada where vanilla is prostitution is illegal in America he is a paid prostitute he's with a Marlins one year he's with San Diego the next year now he's with Los Angeles and guess what you know if he if you somehow he could find a way to get out of it and go somewhere else for 30 million next year he'd do it and you say what you wouldn't do it let me say this to you okay if somebody says to me I'm gonna pay a six or seven million a year I'm not gonna go look to somebody else say okay how about you when you pay me eight or nine that's the point how much can anybody possibly spend then we have to hear stories about well his cuteness and school or whatever the hell it is well gives a crap okay Kevin Brown you're not gonna buy a goddamn horror monster and it's people like you that are destroying you that's not in the process you've already done it you've destroyed sports you've grown it there is no sport left it is used to be mostly business now it's nothing but business and if you don't believe me just look at the NPA nothing but business and is there anybody in this audience is there anybody in this audience if you were making those millions of dollars that most of those players are and they'll give you a son of dance they post them that only a few of them are that's bullcrap of all the major sports the NBA the average salary is the highest in the NBA of any professional sport and what are they arguing about oh they want more that $2 billion that yeah they want more they want more they want they want they want to guess what the answer is no well after ass go flip burgers and McDonald's go work at jack in a box and then of course so you know you folks are supposed to subsidize it you're supposed to work your 40 hour weeks and scrape together the best you can and make some kind of a life and then you're supposed to go out there and subsidize it and the answer continues to be more and more no without your ass and I say all right better late than ever that people are finally catching on this bullcrap when did the cream of the crop yeah on guarantee and fact I this guy maybe right Lamar Thomas may do the dirty bird better anybody else the whole guy damn league sure let's take a poll on that let's find out who does the best guy damn dirty word okay I thought we got rid of the bird so love this one just when we thought he was out they dragged him back in 11 19 at 5 60 WQM new but hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood boy yes oh my lunch money I shut up kid and tell him once to hold a mail next time next time fight back but he's bigger than me no no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store pick up a pack of new shit cat candy bars yeah it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cowdun guaranteed to turn your stomach so next time all right kid give me a lunch no no please don't take it just shut up and hand it over okay here you go but whatever you do please don't eat my candy bars hey cool oh this tastes like shit so you want my lunch tomorrow too we got a lunch we got a little lunch when you take the bite of that just cat park okay it's well this one we got the bells back we got all kinds of great little bells and noises and the wiz bangs going off here all kinds of crap for the holidays which you can't hear on the ear maybe you can hear it in the background okay maybe that'll just just stay on all the way to a clock or maybe they just celebrate that Greg read was just down yeah what's another I wish they could hear that on the ear but anyway we have an open line in date 5 6 7 5 60 all that got it stopped got to feel so good now that it stopped and pound five 60 on the mobile one high yeah fucking SNM exercise like when it took a in clockwork orange you don't they had them a locked in the room with the Beethoven blasting off the walls here's Miami hello hey you know how you doing great you're good at it bringing out the red legs and the Oreos the Oreos yeah I want to ask you something have you ever been to a black church about this church no well if you look at the difference in a black church and a Catholic church you'll see how black people are really enthusiastic about the Lord and how they're really getting into it well all it's all a bunch of what what difference is it make whether you enthusiastically not it's just yeah well I'm just trying to say culturally that's what it is and it's just like the same thing you say you want to go back to the days of Lou Garek and all that we also go back to the day we're black and a lot in the neighborhood you want to lie to football that's what you're talking about you're not going to mention Lou Garek where we're Lou Garek comes from well a little bit of old old days old and walk you stay on the other yeah well that's what I would say you have the black penny co-fax I said don't start picking on the Jews but I'm saying that's what it is about celebrations I don't say the Maritime of what he did meeting and then a great read was just tell me there was another pass you call later he went over the camera guy he stuck the stuck to pointed in the football and the loser the camera the loser but I don't think you should use him at the criteria to say the celebrations are stupid it's all about entertaining just like anything else it's entertainment you know you make it know you you that this is I don't know I don't know you know what you know let me say something okay you make a very valid point and the fact is that in lieu of quality see this is what's happened it's like the Gary glitter thing I've been telling people is and they they just don't want to understand it because before expansion when you really had quality when you had really great teams and all the sports the sports stood on its own you didn't need all the fun at the phony music and you didn't need signs you know to tell people when to applaud and cheer and applause meters and all the book rep but now we have to have all these other artificial things to give the aura of wow this is really exciting even though when it's a very mediocre in the trap that's a very good point but don't you think that's not entertaining me it's not entertaining it's a tremendous gross out and I find it incredibly offensive okay but don't you think things like the old Frankenstein movies which were great in scary at the time but now we have brilliant blood bursting in all that do you think don't you think we upgrade every time was you doing up at more than me more more work you're saying in the next time Lamar Thomas catches a pass we ought to have blood got going out of Lamar Thomas but I'm saying with football player is doing the dances or doing the whatever do you know about the love it they love it but I mean in the old days like you said people while you will have appreciated it but in the old days people want to appreciate Frankenstein's about a money doesn't scare anybody now and the future will need to teach people to cut off a riddle to really enjoy our movies okay okay guys and I want to come next week by the way okay so so what is it that he was trying to say why don't you help me know all the boy I'm gonna catch the girl I've never been to a black church here but I have seen some of those those evangelicals I've seen some of those people wrestling with her snakes as a matter of fact we've got the assembly got right on my street there on plantation acres and they're in there I guess wrestling with their conscience or wrestling with snakes or whatever it is that they do it's matter fact over the weekend I saw some orthodox Jews a whole group of them with their Yarmel Kazan and I thought to myself isn't that sad and then I was thinking to myself about the moments that were their special underwear what were they called they're meant to magic underwear what is the award they use for that are you're not familiar with it with the Mormons and the underwear they have to wear all the time except when you're like taking a shower I guess or a bath or like they have special underwear that they wear all the time and Joe is looking to be like wow why I'm gonna explain how to be honest but I don't know because it's part of their rubble mice the everybody's a why do those orthodox Jews why they're making their little kids where those beenies on their head so everybody else can play a hard work done look at that David got a beanie on his head because they're full of this old-time crap because we can't outgrow it we can't let go this nonsense this garbage oh yeah we'll probably have some more calls about the magic underwear when they're the bells are back again probably a Mormon over the bell south messing around with us what is it who is that who the hell was that where did that voice just come from do you think the ISD online is crossing over with another one that was the definite voice no he said a very high-stounding noise is whoever was it I don't know what that is I think somebody of bell south is a parking around with us again I think it's time to file a lawsuit against bell I think that's get Larry mixed it on the phone and she can't get those bastards straight now here is Miami hello can you hear that those that noise on the phone but not on the radio okay I'd be a black oh so is that actually like no you don't know you'd not be no people like you do a dark black and when I saw what I'm kind of mocha okay when I saw the mark on the right of the Malcolm on the young and the rest of us no I'm not that okay what I thought the mark on is that it's just something in me just turned yeah I used to be like the ones but not like that kind of celebration I mean that's not even celebration next is that I'm like I asked all exactly I mean this guy you know cut it right to the chase man just cut all a bull crap away he's acting like an asshole very well I mean this is between the low celebration I don't mind a low celebration is it's long as you don't get outrageous with it yeah you know going and as long as as long as it's at a time in other words if they were to just go to the time touchdown or try to make a great come from behind okay then maybe understand why the guys really jubilant and they'll fire it up and we'll see how far what it is now and you catch a ball at the 50 yard line right jump up and start like a asshole and flip it around it's going on and that's not even a dirty bird what he was doing he was like mocking the dirty bird so I don't mind a little celebration but I mean he's just our region and especially after last week all the catches that touchdown catch that he made and he'll run into the his own and give it to his grandma you know that was like you know inspirational and it made you feel good but then come back just we can add like a complete case my whole viewing him I always have Reggie White come down here and beat the crap out of him hey and he closed it in clothes yeah oh if I ever see Linda's trip in the airport I will beat her hands okay all right yeah oh god we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line what am I gonna do about my toilet seat that's the most important thing of the day I've got a broken toilet seat now I've got to go to came harder Walmart one of those damn marks by a toilet seat and posh gear mile with those things there and fastened all down see I guess you never know how long you've lived there's always something new and exciting some new pain in the asking that comes along oh gee I didn't even realize that thing was going to break yeah there it is now I'm sure that they could probably I I would imagine if we can send an old fart like John Glenn into the outer space again with a space space age colossal bag I'm sure we had the technology to make toilet seats that never break but then how do they sell new toilet seat planned out to lessons again it's not just with your car they do it they even do what you've got the in toilet seat here's Miami Beach hello hey Neil how are you doing great listen I got a spy report first I was listening to the hockey game after the game David J. Neil they were talking about two barns yeah he was saying how some people been making a case for two barns for years down here making a ruckus and then he go and closing he goes I guess some guys can only handle the little ones or he goes or it was something like I guess some guys went to further little ones and that was a knock on you believe they're not and I know that because they were talking about people down here making a case for two barns in the radio and then he goes like yes some guys can only handle the little ones meaning well I'll again there you go see that's the more more that's the same ethnic stuff and I guess also like guys just don't measure up the David J. Neil and about the same he's got maybe he's packing some really powerful under that who's out of shock or whatever that thing is he's were you know I've called you about him before you know he works out of my gym and this is a guy that wears like he works out of your gym and south beach okay and he's the only black guy there and he wears like he's seven to create gym uniform he wears like a shirt that you got for free like when you bought a can of peanuts or something like five years ago I'm sure that's what their panomotero the thing that so it's kind of fits right in and closing about this celebration thing I saw something yesterday I think it was the Saints I think after some guys who were touched down they did a leap frog were like four to some players did you see that no they like lined up and one guy jumped over the other guy who jumped over the other guy and it was and they were like losing by forty points so I was thinking there you go and I'm not going to see and by the way I went shopping last night of public that's my girlfriend to put the lotion in the basket okay okay okay it's 11.32 s5.60 WQM we have two open lines in day five six seven oh yeah so David Janie I think I got a small penis well guess what you have no idea how small mister oh seriously and I wish they how why couldn't they put in like real journals at that macarina kind of isn't embarrassing they have the ones that you have you know like the little over-each shape one whatever the hell those things are you know I'm talking about the ones that you have to kind of aim at you can't like step up into them like a real urinal supposed to be with dividers in between like a real new classy glitzi place all to have yeah that's a washing game the other night I go in there I'm taking a leak in between you know there's uh one of the eighty five million TV time I suppose that little pink light comes on I go running out there to take a leak and there's like some six-year-old kids that next to me uh after you're able to take a leak he looks over at me and says you call that a penis here's plantation hello hello Neil yes sir first time caller and fellow practitioner again all right I was going to call a little dog this morning and regards to the laboratory after why why is he such a cover-up artist and little dog why is he such a son he he didn't give me a chance to speak to him he decided that what I said was enough and he didn't want to even touch it afterwards just want to let you know that's what happens when you give a girlfriend be in doing a tech that kind of money and and that's how we act yeah um what do you think that no see the only guy in the league that acts that way is that what you're saying oh no there's there's there's a couple of guys on the team that acts the that way yesterday they they act like they were winning twenty one twenty four nothing the way that we can't dance it around on on the field yeah uh so it's all acceptable it's bullcraft they're not fooling anybody and that little dog I tell you he he's got his lip so so far up all those dolphins recognize that you can't even say anything negative about the rumor is remember remember when he had the gap between the teeth when he was doing the thing on channel six now used to talk I used to call him Gaptooth and I finally embarrassed him against him bonding done there and the rumor has it that he had like a little frenchmouth problem there from kissing too much dolphin rectum over the year I could be wrong with that was the rumor we have an open line at grower at five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here is Fort Lauderdale hello hi Neil yes sir can I the militant one who called I'm a first one with black guy yeah who got the militant one who called I have who that called yeah why do us why do us black people always say why do all we we always relate ourselves and being poor a lot of us are not poor a lot of us they educated a lot of us have nice home I don't think there's anybody playing in the actual football he can say that he's poor I had my doubts and then as soon as you're on Taylor but he ain't playing them or so and he's got a lot of glasses you know yeah so you're object to some some kind of behavior like that you all that you all of a familiar or you know or you think you're wide or if you talk a certain you know you're talking why yeah Uncle Tom but hey I just don't get it that's all I want to say okay and have a great new year sir in the this two-shelpass it'll pass it's like a bad kidney stone it'll pass we have an open line at rower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line since you've been talking about the big bird on morning my right wrist is starting to like it a little yeah I'm having trouble keeping my limp first up this morning talking about that big bird going to the arena night and doing that let's do the big bird come on let's all fly away at the arena tonight we'll get up there in the rafters maybe inspired at the maybe inspired little intelligence and that coaches that possible oh I doubt it for by the way doesn't talk to this radio station nice going Terry you hard to ask good good choice on your part two because we'd slice you up to ribbons mister oh yeah the the end static going out there instead of his brother going out there and getting some real talent on the team the answer is well we're gonna bench this guy one day and then we're gonna rip into this guy another day and then we'll you know we'll deflate all of the regress to the point where nobody on the team can play and then we'll be right down there with Tampa didn't see that game Saturday but from the reports I'm getting other than from that idiot that called before which we don't want to mention and he's named see I want us one last time I'm gonna say it okay Andy I cannot stand you the sound of your voice the sight of your face anything about you gives me physical and it just gives me spilky is just thinking about you okay it twists my kiss keys so Kushmer and Tuckas is Josh Reed movement say just go away find yourself a life you got that nice girlfriend go do something with the role KFC that that time to let you do it go do something find a life oh I would over to Tampa Saturday oh my god and let me see it again like guys that go to practice well we were panther practice last week oh why that that's the only question that ever coming to my mind with somebody says well I was at practice the other thing I think yeah I mean you have no life whatsoever is that it no here's North Miami hello hello Neil yes sir yeah I have a comment to make what runs me a flying away is it's soccer when they stick on them run around the sea that I hate that we're gonna get to comment on that you're my comment about what and soccer there has to be something exciting going on to ring a soccer game you don't think the game is exciting no I hate soccer well there you go so I'm saying at least they're trying to reduce it up a little bit haha he didn't really say juice it up a little bit did he oh yes we have an open line in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty animal one line I don't care what anybody tells me I know and it makes no difference whether it's black or white or purple or yellow or and between there's a whole bunch of you people out there that if OJ Simpson suddenly found the miracle cure if he found it what do they call that stuff that your ice something ice you need to be a sponsor mine a hundred years ago you know that you put on your our tritic legs and all of a sudden you could run like the wind like he did 20 years ago and the dolphins could swim about three could go out there and just wish them right to the playoff and run for like uh 220 yards of games they say all right you go OJ you're my right you know God damn well I'm right they wouldn't care they wouldn't care if he killed the whole guy all of them what a Brentwood they wouldn't care if he killed the whole guy then community out there well we'll take care of that afterward you know here's a deer field hello deer field hello Neil yes sir have you all a and the same user I'm an African American I wonder if you're talking about the celebration of the infield mm-hmm okay my thoughts are as an African American I'm not a particular fan of the dirty bird but I do understand the celebration of the infield and you made a comment that it it because of you on the see that it what it's a celebration of the celebration of the and zone um it's a cultural fair we don't have a different cultural background well what does that mean what what do you mean different cultural by now let me ask you is Jerry Rice black your fear how come he doesn't do that all black folks don't celebrate but they're all black that do why and it is it is a cultural thing it goes back to our ancestors which is a little rackling away wait a minute wait let's load on when a guy let's take the example of the black receiver again it catches the ball the 20 E.R. line he knows that there's nobody anywhere near him he he can he can crawl on his hands and he's in the end zone for a touchdown and instead of just running the ball in and spiking it no whatever he he trusts he he does the high leg steps strut into the end zone and does this gyvas routine for all of America to watch what was that kind of a celebration it has I mean again you don't particularly care for but there's a lot of us who enjoy why it if it had a lot of money about it what's it has a lot to do with our background I enjoy dancing I I'd down very much of you do no I don't know old Jews don't dance no I'm what I'm saying is this meal if you look at the African American that the whole we are people of celebration and when we do things you go into the churches you go and you look at the music industry you see a fair we dance more and we celebrate more than any of the people in the world yeah so of course we give it to them how come will he may never did that or Hank air and how come Hank air in the 715th home run he's circle the bases that came out and he uh high five the few crazy fans that were running on the field and uh you know that's like me asking you why they're all white men murders come on I mean we never said this never occurred it never happened we never saw this before until last few years no if you know they'll go back by the you see it there too and basically we'll be giving examples tell me about that with African American first came into NFL we had to do a quote unquote white American why not we had to behave a certain way yeah now that we enjoy the speed of our celebration we don't feel that we're gonna be threatened or anything else then we we conduct ourselves when we want to so another one just if they're arrested most of America looks at these guys and thinks that they're an asshole for doing that you don't care if it's at the black community meal I mean as a whole now I want to need a black community I've had plenty of black people call me today and most of them are uh I think it's a good road day and I'm just an error by it they're humiliated by because it perpetuates that ugly stereotypes don't you know then no you're gonna have some blacks you don't like it like I said I'm not a particular fan of the dirty bird but I love it in zone celebration I don't like the dirty bird but I love the in zone celebration yeah well two I'm two whether we're two anymore more from yesterday I said have a great day and happy new year we have an open line in Broward five six seven well I detest is it you know five six seven five six the in pound five sixty on the mobile one last well actually set for Christ say about the infield celebrations at the end don't whatever that was I don't know I'm trying to keep track or infield he said rent field that before we had frankincense I'll look at Dracula now we're making some progress infield it's alive okay here's a mobile in portuguese portuguese portuguese a little morning there good afternoon yes sir when is the happy all of it happy new year hey uh the guy called in I wish people could perfect right but again the called in about the uh the leaked frogging there was no one was a couple weeks ago they're playing Dallas they're actually winning the game yeah well whatever doesn't make what they were letting her losing what what kind of well what kind of bullcraft or gyvas routine is that to be doing and they are sporting event what is that they were after all you're right I mean did you see what had happened did you see a life yeah what did you think yeah well I thought it was kind of childish yeah the motive the effort of the sport I mean is this supposed to be professional athletes they're supposed to like you know begin to pay a lot of money to go out into a job which is this guy's talking about dancing if I want to go see dancing I'll go see the rock catch and if I want to say I want to see Fred and Fred is there the one who started all of you really likes his job if you remember him yeah several years ago back in the early 80s late 70s early 80s yeah and it he would it he would that's like another crap how's he doing lately by the way it he anybody seen him lately no okay and how did you have a grant haha yeah I mean this these convoluted stories see we we got to be different you know like like we have and there's so many examples I could give you but why should even waste the energy all different kinds of people tiger woods by the way and I despise him not because he's Asian or black or a combination both just because he's a golfer and then it's such a big deal out of he's his boring is a pilot dog crap okay but tiger woods when he goes out in one the master's term and a wins another golfer but we still haven't very much anymore but when he does or makes a great shot he gets a hole in one tiger woods he's at least part black we don't know which part but he's at least part of a black uh we did he dance no who's that other red black golfer out there that's so big on the what does his name poor Joe you know you're you're you're just not a sports guy good excellent that's why I always like Joe custom he's not a sports guy thank god what I'll Josh treatment he's a sports guy come on who's the other elite elders that is name black off you know out of here Josh go go back to show okay catch the hoist but like lead out of Emily elder make a great shot would you ever in a million years see this guy go out there and do a the Iki shuffle and the big bird and the a dumb bird and the of course not it's got nothing to do with black culture of uh we you know it's like that old crap again we got more a rhythm baby like the like the couple that had the eight the octoplets they they should have been doing the rhythm is what they should have been doing instead of playing with his god and fertility drugs anybody read your New York times yesterday in the viewpoint section there were about 25 thousand letters to the editor about that situation and 99% of them said oh my god are you people crazy or what and the media of course the one kid died already the one a way to about a half an ounce and the media continue all of air every time somebody has like a whole like a litter the media portrays this is a isn't this wonderful isn't this great in fact I'm gonna tell you something I don't want to get you go and nervous but uh the Jews are you know we're pretty observant okay and because the Jewish population too a very two-way wide variety of circumstances over the years has diminished dramatically as a result of the course Jews tend to have like two children per family at a except the earth and I said I have like two 300 but uh you know they generally don't overpopulate but if you're gonna get even I guess fertility drugs are the answer there you go Jesus wait a few years baby you wait till we got 30 million Jews running around in South Florida and this guy's picking on Sandy co-fax right there right on the right on the hills of Hanukkah this guy's picking on Sandy co-fax before Antisemite here's Hialia hello happy Coronto and back to you today there's Port Charlotte guy it was yesterday did it again but we brought nonsense well they did it again and then we'll end the game and let me ask you something how does a guy like Mike Ditka okay allow that hi here's a guy who was supposed to be such a hard as hard nose I won't stand for any kind of bullcraft guy well I think he was hoping that he was on all four of the family lines that could be it hey also probably I didn't let golf my golf is on for a long time to kept worrying about the spike the barn and we didn't feel the same thing yeah what did I talk about I mean the rent rent field we're talking about with his glasses also you have many nice game what you we go today often in Broncos I was there were you no of course not okay well you thought did you catch any of it I saw some of it yeah okay yeah when when when Lamar kept going hand and granny of the ball there's some reporters I didn't see that well I just kept I don't even I know he played a great game in a game but I didn't see you I just kept thinking what if he scored the other end zone yeah stick to the right all the way I'm gonna get back the other way well I think he could do it he could have we followed and the cams are following him and make a big deal that won't people be saying then now let me ask you did granny have a can of a scambles who put our hand when he was doing that yeah trying to force beat him because I noticed Reggie and doing those spots no more so oh he's not now it's John I think it's that way there's doing a scambles who yeah and then Steve Young is still doing a jury rice to a court jury that I put on the head a little bit of a message in there okay I'll have a right near happy Martin Luther we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the mobile one line hey listen all you black folks out there sports fans you don't have to worry about it because you'll see I mean you all be there but if you watch on TV and that when they announce this the line up or I went every comes out on the ice the number 28 for the panthers comes out there Peter Warrell that crowd is going to go eight shot baby I got to go I don't why I have no idea like I said last week because white people like having a big black guy around is going to beat the smell out everybody who ain't one of us but that's that's what white people like so seriously like the guy said we got the big nigs yeah you know and as distasteful as that comment is no seriously that was a real cool fan a few years ago he said hey baby we got the big nigs see this is called being used this is being used if you think that you know that you're expressing yourself you're wrong you got to ask backwards you're being manipulated and used and by behaving this way you're perpetuating this stereotype that the white majority is very kind of content that you perpetuate they like that hey you go boy you go boy you know say you go girl well now we got you go boy yeah white people in the crowd all these crackers down here in the southeast football game they're gonna be hey you go boy come on now more than dirty bird baby as opposed to finally intellectually advancing just some of beyond that level and saying hey that's for a bunch of jive as turkeys and we can do a little bit better than that but hey that's uh it's a free we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line by the way uh school and give me a real nice gift for Christmas gift which was unexpected didn't change anything by the way sweetheart but uh it is a great book great little book I've seen it in the book store that I'm not gonna buy that that's uh hundred was a hundred and sixty but but one it's for free and the horse he wrote in on by James Carville now some of you may not like James Carville because he's bald and geeky look at him looks like he's got what that crowd in the entry but this is a great book everything you ever wanted to know about Kenneth Star and Richard Melon Skate and a whole underpinnings of this uh penis gait this book is great I can't even put it down you'll love it and a horse you wrote in just a little teeny tiny book so can't be that expensive especially if screw-and-border for me how much is it? uh oh yeah 1495 for a little book like that like I said borrow somebody else's copy and you'll love it it's great here's for waterdale hello deal yes sir hey god bless you Neil I'm happy new year to you yes in the year and uh thank god we all be seeing that something doing the dirty for getting time soon no thank goodness well he uh maybe on some night when he shows up he saved up well now he's like a lot of those European players so might you play some nights he just shows up physically but not that emotional well I tell you he's been getting uh they've been talking about him a lot lately this year since uh the main police are having such a terrific year this year yeah let me say it again he shows up uh occasion I have to agree with you I'm not sure all gaming was too wide open shots there but that's okay that's uh we'll forget about it all right I did see that I was that was disappointing very disappointing very lacklust durefford but you know something there's still doing great they are doing fantastic and I expect them uh I expect them to go a long way this year yeah but uh about the uh hands on celebration Neil yes I got it tell you it's uh these are so called uh professionals uh it does get quite ridiculous uh with the uh with the celebrations I could see spiking the ball but doing these uh crazy lunatic dances that they do nowadays making the money that they make uh I think is uh quite ridiculous yeah and from what I hear uh OJ Simpson actually uh he wanted to do the dirty bird after he killed one in the cold cold they didn't fit in with the timeline actually so but I just want to tell you you're doing a great job Neil God bless you go Maple Leafs and uh let's let's cut out some of this ridiculous nonsense okay I like this there's I guess what we have an open line of day one at Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line we have a hundred twenty four grand percent of one and we still have uh three days left in the year which I don't think too much is going to happen in these three days but maybe we will get an update from Carol at center one of these days this week with that with that be nice oh that's your would be nice kind of figure out where we are you know it really is it's a major miracle it really is that we were able to do this well in kind of a very half-assed and kind of uh screwed up but you wait till next year man it's going to be really big whether David Janeel believes it or not here's plantation hello hi yeah yeah I'd be tested too it just you know you'd be also the testing it yeah tested is it well you know you know you said testies that's that's that's that's that's what first all you said yeah it's just point so uh one you know an emotional image really it's like you were in your you know a price tag on your shirt when you're on whammy there or you know you were your baseball cap on sideways or your yamica inside of you if I would have ever said I would love to price tag on the yamica I think that would have been a good example yes exactly you know it's classless but it's just immature that's that's more it than anything else but you know I teach a lot of black kids and the thing that really bugs me is that they use the word the inward between themselves and you know here are 200 years have been trying to get rid of that word you have to crawl they freely use it well that's why I use it I use all words on issue because I think that if we we still that old J thing one of them one of the many ugly things that came out of that whole deal with this this idea that people have to constantly lie like like everybody was so shocked that Mark Furman a police officer actually used the the inwards it's like as it was the same as asking Clinton about did he have sex with Monica Lewitz the of course he was going to say no and of course Mark Furman was going to lie about it but everybody uses that word blacks white everybody uses the inwards says nigger so what's the big deal about it's just like everybody says bag it including people are gang including myself who cares about words well I agree I'm almost got fired for using the word once yeah and you know it was it was a purely an accident and it wasn't it wasn't using the meaning way in any way you know it was just that I was excited to keep was doing really well in class you know just a boy a call on the carpet for that one and but if you were excited he was doing well a class and said well what a smart little ligger you are well not well I mean I can't try to try to envision what the circumstances might have been you know well I mean what did you say not a bad test score for a little ligger like you I mean no I mean what what is that no I wasn't it wasn't quite that no yeah but it was uh and trying to remember so I'm not okay don't but just don't know together we're not going to go there don't go there don't say don't go there please I mean that's another one of these 90s cliche yeah okay oh don't even go there oh god okay listen let's have closure on this call thank you if I hear the word closure or don't even go there I can't take it no more okay because I'll tell you what the every time I hear either one of those things it works the lotion in the basket just like that or in my underwear one of the other it puts a dark brown substance in my pantaloonies every time I hear that oh if we could just get closure on this by the way let's see who killed a giant banana this week let's see is it the brother this week they had a pretty interesting piece on a ande which by the way for those of you with an iq larger than your thumbnail a ande even though I cannot stand bill Curtis oh maybe it's just been too much bill Curtis you know because he always stands there with that very like he's talking down to the audience you know like he's lecturing us and scolding us yeah yeah uh enough of you already bill Curtis get somebody else on there like get some more Peter Graves get him off the biography show get him do something else before he quotes but they do have some pretty interesting stuff on there and what that was I got to talk about I was about to what I saw in there just I just forgot because I got all wrapped up with the jambanay we have a jambanay thank you see oh thank god for your one today because it's not a sports thing although it has become almost kind of a sport yeah they had like a two hour special on there and they did make it good point even I still think one of them done it maybe both but you know first there was an established oh definitely jonded it the father did it okay then oh she wrote the ranch and note definitely the mother did it and now definitely a book is that his name to the brother the brother did it air every week they gave a couple of weeks they got saw definitely uh so-and-so did it they all did it maybe they all did or maybe the dog done it it's four minutes till noon at five sixty w q and the Hank over show coming up from shows it to a clock and then we got jellies let me let me say it again I apologize to you you're not the biggest talk about that morning show jelly you are annoying but you're not the biggest talk of all you're not even in a gleeg you're not even in the same league with the little god jelly beyond from sixty seventy's got the pregame show before the hockey game is seven thirty night we got the pathers and the New York Islanders with Ziggy Palfi look out I want to bang you in the butt honey okay you this is never a doubt we should just take them now who's saying it works for an argument the best don't you bet it down down go to the ground who's saying why don't we give it a few more shots to the yth He just flies full of flies, so he dies. Who's saying he's insane? He's insane. He's insane. He's insane. He's insane. He's insane. We're on the same level. You know that we have one to say. Because we have the next two to show. I ride two st. And you've heard he just flies. We like skies, every size. Who's saying? And he's insane. He's insane. Don't you try and deny it by fire. Who's saying? Who's saying? He's insane. You're asking for a rack of steam. He hit us. But we hit a back. We hit four more than dead. Okay. Let's go in there and finish him off. So it's a counter to all these bleeding. Our old but the poor Iraqi people. You know something that's the way the world is. The world isn't perfect. But if we're just going to sit back using that as an excuse. To let him build up his arsenal of crap. And then release all the chemical weapons in the year. How about some anthrax for lunch today? Here you go. Anyway our center one total is 124,6 to 11. But of course that only includes one border. So all the other seven. We got way over 125. I have a thing we could do about 130 grand this year. Oh, man. For an aging old Jew on a mediocre sports station. Not bad. For the first year out of the box next year we'll do it right. Believe you mean we will do it right. And we won't be listening to somebody upstairs. Thomas, we're going to be going on. I want to mention her name again because I do appreciate the book. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yeah. Yes sir. Our time call. Long time listening. Yeah. You're younger. Yes sir. I want to talk about two things actually. So a basketball strike. I was at the mall with a friend of the day. Yeah. We happened to pass by an MBA. I won't give any names. Because it's not right. No. Somebody can recognize him. It's a heat player. I'm still not going to send you names. Bob Davies. No. And he asked him for his autograph. And he told him to take it out. He's there. No. He told him to make it out Merry Christmas. How much may he loves him morning? Yeah. Probably. I won't think you name. Probably. And he told him to make it out Merry Christmas in his name. The Blair's so Merry with an A. And Christmas with two glasses. Yeah. And you're going to wonder why these guys are trying to find ways to get the strike to that. It's that heavy is girlfriend. Merry Christmas. Yeah. My C. And about that. Something about AS. So those are the successful players. They're a lot about AS. It probably do a lot about that. Well, A.T. An A.T.A.F.A.S. They always put next to AS on it. Yeah. Probably. The emphasize the AS. And about that black man, the college just a few minutes ago preaching black people and religion and church. Yeah. He was. I thought he was going to break into a course of our garden. Yeah. Or. I got rid of something like that. for Jesus with the more course white people saying that's wrong, but what do we do? Yeah, he's sitting at peace in a black people and church and the dancing. How many NFP players do you think actually go to church? Or maybe Reggie White. When you want he'd be the only one. He's gonna tell me the dirty bird dances are in church. So they more than a lanterns and he'd be doing the dirty bird in church. Oh, I could think about it. What do you think they call him the Atlanta Falcoons by the way? Yeah, that's probably what it is. Okay, probably. We'll have a great happy New Year and say hi to Lanz to Z. Just say no to Z. Got it. Okay. We have an open just say no to Z and all the other goons here in the NBS at Goons. We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Like I said, the words don't mean anything. Okay. Now it's all up to you people. That's what it's all about. You're gonna behave like an ordinary normal real. It's like I'm always talking about these silly, uh, minting baguette that go out and he's gate pride parade dressed up like Priscilla. Okay. Quite frankly, I'm embarrassed and humiliated. I've seen some some baguette out there dressed up like Priscilla putting on some pans. The ass candy ass routine because it creates an ugly, it perits solidifies and fortifies a grotesque ugly stereotype. And when he's other jack and then the joist tell me that one of the TV's they've utilized like they had a whole piece. They were all doing the dirty bird. This is a substitute for a quality product. You see, they want you to put a lot of money out to go see crap. They're going to go see teens like San Diego chargers. They're going to see teens like Kansas City and they're going to see teens like the New York giant. They're going to see teens like the Tampa Bayes bucket. I could name it like 90% of the league and they all suck. Since that he bangles, I mean just on and on and on and on you go where it stops nobody knows. Washington Redskins. There's another great team for just it's pathetic. It's garbage. Los Angeles they are so excuse me. They are Santaus Rams. How soon they forget? So instead of putting in quality products because it's all green that's all based on TV money and how much more we can get our piece of the pie. So we have to pretend that we got all this stick going on here for you to make it exciting. Now what what the hell was I watching the other day in the first the first damn thing? So I mean they hadn't even oh I was in Minnesota game on Saturday. Did you see any of that? Before before the kickoff. Before the kickoff. We go down the right field. They've just tossed it in the coin to next we got to the head and the head and the tail and the tail and got their tail. And here we go. Here comes Thomas stand. WPA, loud, it's booming. It's blasting. The Vikings are getting ready to pick off. And here we go. Come on. Everybody get into it. So they want to work out. Well you can stuff like it. Just one more time. Come on. There we go. Wow. You bag and I started gagging. It's a little gag reflex. Oh. I'm looking at sounds like it sounds like an elephant's body. Oh. Oh. Shit. Horrible. Horrible. Keeps us wrecked. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Thank you. No, no, no, no. They do the dirty board to Greg Litter. So they do that. Now, yes. Now we're talking. There we go. The dirty bird to Gary Glitter. In fact, we're going to replace the whole half time show. We don't need to see the highlights of those other scumbag games. They're mostly garbage teams anyway. Plus, we got to play off's commenters only a few games. How long can we do with that? And who the hell wants to see an illiterate jackass like Terry Bradshaw on their anyway? Making a total. All he's going to do is say hello when you know he's a morrow. Okay. You just see his push on and you're saying he's an ass. That's right. Two other minute people look at Terry Bradshaw and they're all saying he's an ass. Yeah, okay. So it's done to see an Ed Bull crap with all these 25 jocs plan there grab ass routine with each other. Let's have the dirty bird at half time to Gary Glitter. Get a 90 share reasons. We have an open line of day five six seven. Five sixty and time five sixty on the 18th. He wireless line. We're going to have a little food here today or what. I mean, it's Monday. It's on Joe Costello says yes because you don't get enough a lot over there in that other toilet. In fact, I think, oh, and guess what we had here today. I forgot to mention, and we got so much crap going on. We had an extra. Now, Greg read what the guy done, but it's I don't think that this guy's like paid. Did you get that impression? Because Greg said to me, said, well, the guy's the big fan of yours and he heard you talking about the fact that we haven't had an exterminator. We got all these ants and roaches and crap crawling around. So I think it was probably a. Free me, which we like best, especially roots crisp by the way. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Happy holiday, Neil. Thank you, sir. Happy and I've been not in your eyes. Yeah, I hope it's a good one, but let's say, you know, first off, I want to start with saying, Lamar Thomas has much business doing what he did as a mole has leaven above the ground. Yeah. Celebrations are one thing. You know, fans celebrations have been going on for long to him. Dolphins with a hand-heast dealers with a towel. Right. You've been hockey that I think. That was my ring called for the terrible towels. Yeah. What about the octopio in the eyes and the rat's on the eyes? You know, but for individuals to do that. Not only was Rick Weaver with a hand-heast, I thought it would give him a credit since nobody knows the name anymore. Right. But, you know, he's athletes. Not only are they making more money than they ever deserve, but each one I've got in there. The Green Winnie and Pittsburgh don't forget that. The Green Winnie. Yeah. But the one thing that's really thick in my crowd, you know, who was one of the proponents started all this individual celebration. What is that? A white man, Mark Gason, how a little bit. I'm actually at the Forty-Fan asshole, yes. And he still isn't asshole. Right. He didn't have, I just wanted to bring it up and have a great holiday. You need to. Come on, everybody. The pretty bird. All you white people, all you start is guys. They're all you're good. All you people that can't figure out what's at the R.E. Let's make it a difference. They're going to be at nowhere the most cold. They're going to be at the plant. It's Jimmy Dean. That's it. Audrey Kiddler stopped there. Thank you. It's a zombie bird to bury his letter, baby. Oh. What does that feel good? Every time that music stops. And you know, damn well. Now we'll say this. The last couple of a pantergames I noticed, even though the people, well, maybe it's not that maybe they haven't changed the music. Maybe it's just, it's so unintelligible, you can't tell what music is playing. That'll be a real test tonight. I don't want to start getting let's see. We'll get there. I'll see if the escalator is going to be working tonight. That's number one. Two games in a row at the $200 million national car rectal center. The escalator has work. They don't reverse it. So that late in the game if you want to leave it going down. It's still going up. But you know, nothing perfect. That would that would take a little bit of brain power, a little bit of planning on somebody's part over there. It doesn't ever bring do a plan. Then, of course, we'll see about that. If we can understand what that pro bastard is trying to say. I mean, not a word. If your life depended on it, you couldn't understand what this guy is saying. Then we'll see about the time clock, the penalty clock, the time of day, you know, time stands still at the National Car rectal center. The last game that Washington game and believe me, it was slow, slow, so it could have time, could have stood slow. 6-08-PN, the entire night. When I got there, it was 6-08. When I left, it was still 6-08. There you go. Frozen and time. So that's another thing. What was it? Oh, and of course the goal, like, the red light. Will we able to see what it goes on? If indeed we ever scored that end? No. There you go. Just some things to watch for. They're always giving it these ready motors. I was telling you the pointers to watch for in the game tonight. Those are some of the things to watch for in the National Car rectal center tonight. Do any of the accoutrements work, and of course, does anybody really care? No. Of course they don't care, because they're having a good time. They're doing the wave. They got their p2 ore. I blow up dolls. And then they're happy. Here's Patrick Pines, hello. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. As an African American who played both high school and college football. Played the wires, they were, I went to a Jesuit high school and our coaches went all out to anything like that. You know, you lost your scholarship. Right. They were, I went to college. That was the norm. Everybody was doing the stupid stuff. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's part of our coaches. You know, if you got good hard coaches, then we'll let you do that. You won't do it. But I do think that you failed to understand it. There are also cultural differences. And some people do celebrate, some people don't. But what does that mean? Cultural difference. I do get good. I do get an example. And soccer. What happens when it's going to go? It goes crazy. Yeah. It's the culture of the sport and culture of the people. And that's what I mean. I don't think you, uh, you can understand it. But I think it's more, the bottom line. If you coach let you do what you're going to do it. If it goes done, then he got control. He's supposed to, you know, do it. Yeah. Uh, so I think I think that's the bottom line. But when you say it's cultural, see, and soccer, first of all, they don't score that many goals to begin with. It's a very dull and boring and pond was getting. And so when they score a goal, it's like a major event like, oh, my God, something really happened here. But, but in football, I mean, if you're going to do that on every time a guy makes a catch out, how many times? How many times? You're right. What a 40, 50 past. You know, you're right. You don't do that every cash, but after a touchdown, you went through it. But the weather's been a little bit, Lamar Thomas didn't do it after a touchdown. Yeah, he was dumb about he was an idiot about it. But that, that's his one guy. But the dirty man on the other, B.S. you got going on. I mean, that's as part of the NFL. They're perpetuating that behavior in college and in some high schools. And then when you get to, to approach, it's the norm. So what you're going to do, you know, that's just part of the normal acceptable behavior. And it shouldn't be that way. Because you do look stupid. But some of us, my brother, I mean, he's, it, every time he scored a high school, he went nuts. It does the pants on. Well, what's your values on? And the way you are and what long you're used to and what long you accept and don't accept. Sorry, sorry, but are you really saying that when a black guy scores a touchdown, he's that much more excited than when a white guy scores a touchdown? You're saying it. I'm not saying, you know, I'm asking you. I'm not saying it. I, I, I totally disagree with that. I think it depends on a person. There's a white guy that play for Texas Tech. And I will prepare against me because it's a dog's and a little. Every time he got a second, he could college, number one went nuts. You know, that's a problem that it was acceptable. You know, and he's, and his own world, that was acceptable to him. But he doesn't do that now. And he gets a big sack. He's going, he's going a little crazy now. Little bit. He's going a little bit. But he doesn't do the dirty bird. That's 30. Not yet. Maybe, maybe next week. Maybe in that playoff game. Well, I, I, I, I don't think it is gives you the black and white and the person. But I can guarantee you won't tell me. It, it's, it's getting out of control. Yeah. It is. And they need to be more penalties, more things like that. But, you know, I think you have to open your mind a little bit to different cultures. You know, you, you just stuck in with that, with your own coach. And then, I don't feel that white. Maybe that's my problem. I'm too damn white. No, no, no. I gotta do a white. Just open yourself up to different people. It doesn't take you right around. We're all different. There is no one. We got Jews. We got Hispanics. We got, you know, we got, we got, you know, we got, Yeah. We got anything going down here. And you have to be open if you want to survive down here and be able to, to live, you gotta open yourself up to all these difficult cultures. Yeah. But, let me add. Now, here's, here's the question that nobody has ever examined. How do Hispanic football players respond when they score a touchdown? Man, they still, they still see you done. They, they, that's my point. You won't get an answer because they're aren't any. Well, the ones that, the ones that play in college, they're all playing off as a lime and the ones in high school, you know, they might be a couple of specialty players like the kid that you've played a core part of that play against. Well, I was a high school, but you ate too many aspects that I go up being big time, skill position. Yeah. Well, a lot of them stick with their stocker. Okay. Let's do that. There you go. There you go. I have a great thing. Okay. We have an open line of Brian. I think this guy had some interesting points. And what were they? Well, he did. We have an open line of Brian. I'm too white. Okay. I have to open up my eyes and that's an, it was an, I'm maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm embarrassing myself here today as saying that when I see a guy, doing something like that, I decided myself, what a professional F***ing bigger man. That's, that's what I said. I can't stand it. It's a tremendous turnoff to me. And I don't care whether a ball player is black or white or really makes no difference to me if he's a good player. Hey, more and more pound nice play. Great catch. Great though, run, whatever the hell it was. I was a Cleveland Brown fan growing up. Man, I was died in the world. And who is the great player? Who are the great players? Jim Brown Bobby Mitchell. Black is they come? Jim Brown, great play did he ever pull that crap? No, first not. And it was a black guy's over the great players. I mean, they had to two great guards who the hell were there. I can't even remember at this point. But I mean, no plum after auto grade and milk plum was the next quarterback that comes to mind. He was garbage. He was mediocre at best, but they had a great team around him. So you don't remember milk plum in the eight days and the 50s. The, the Brown, remember a Jim Brown and Bobby Mitchell. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th. He wireless. See, and of course it perpetuates because when people see this crap in the media and assholes like Jim Barry and these other people, whoever you were told me was ahead and on last night on the news. And when they make a big light like it's great like it's something that we ought to be excited about. And it's like a part of the game now. Then everybody starts imitating it. Flucking now you watch it in a ball game. And you know, here's a, here's a, here's a past on the sideline. And it's a, is it complete? Is it incomplete? The, the receiver bubbles it. And here's the, the defensive back for the other team. And he's motioning in complete. So he's, he's already given the signal because he's growing up watching this on television. And so all of his reactions are based on what he sees on television. He's given it the old, you know, incomplete. No good. So maybe Howard, we'll head a point. We have an open line in date five six seven. Five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th. One of the Howard who co-star like I said. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, are you doing the, okay sir? Hey, watching the path. It shouldn't be getting in realising the biggest blend of the ever made was obviously get rid of Stewie. See, not the, you know, Pittsburgh couple weeks ago, dump into the fourth line. I was wondering if the ego's up top might be saying, well, maybe we may have to mistake. Sir, sir, this, this nonsense is so ridiculous. The last thing in the world that this team needs back is. Stew Barnes. It's, it's too late. We've already got little guys out of the state. You can't build a team around little guys. Yeah. I just, I just, I just, you know, the way he hudsel when everything that we don't have. They, we're missing it. You know, we're missing that blue collar that, that mentality that we used to have. It's just not there anymore. Yeah. Well, and if they, if they were going to assume that Dino is never going to be healthy and he's never going to play again. Then I would say, yeah, we need Stew Barnes to be great to have on the power play. So we've already got Ray with me and Dino says, you really, how many little guys can you have on one team? True, but if the big guys can't do it. Now, sir, the answer was absolutely positively. No, I hear this talk in a stand. The game of the Washington game, they're all talking, oh, we're read about Stew Barnes. We're going to get to, we don't need Stew Barnes back. In addition, which Brian Murray hated Stew Barnes, when he was there the first time. So unless he's trying to suck up to the fence, why in a world with Brian Murray go out there and get Stew Barnes now? It makes no sense. Please, excuse me, if we're trying to talk hockey, pretend second in this town because he's trying to talk in Toronto, 98% of the people are hockey fans, 2% or not. Here it's exactly the other way around. 2% of the people are hockey fans, 98% wouldn't know a hockey puck from a guy named Linda's Bigel. And that's just the fact of the life, that's the way it is. It's depressing to me, but I'm not talking about just bodies and seats. It's a social event. If you go to the game tonight, if you're in from out of town, if you're in from New York, God forbid you and Islander fan, what are you going to that game tonight? It's a nice looking arena, nothing works too well, but it's a nice looking place. But you'll notice that most of the people aren't knowledgeable fans. They're there because somebody gave them the tickets or they got part of a package with 20 other people. And you'll see them once every two months. They're not fans. They don't understand that they haven't got any idea what's going on. And if they worry old fans, they wouldn't be just neorodges out of where you're screaming. You can't see when a goal like comes up on a goal of scored. There's one other place in a whole league, 2017. There was one other city in North America where the fans would tolerate that. There'd be 50,000 calls every day saying, what is wrong with you people? This is supposed to be a sporting event where paying $57 a ticket to sit in the lower bowl. And we can't see the red light. Come on, when a goal is scored. And these people, they don't care about that. And you want to know why? That's right. They behave at a good time, baby. All right. Look at that. There's my sports or fair in this scoreboard. Thank you. And that's just the way it is. I mean, you know, I can get all bent out of shape about that. But what's the point? I mean, that just is the way it is. You have to accept it. I mean, I'd be happy about it, but that's that's off-lord. And even when you talk other sports, you're, I'm in fact, I'm getting all wrapped up in sports day. Why am I doing that? I'm maybe to punish you all. Did we ever decide about lunch, by the way? Well, let's decide about lunch. What are we going to do for lunch? Are we going to get that's too late for pizza loft? He won't be here soon enough. I guess Chuck or Cross history would be good. Only today, he must have, he's got tomato sauce over there, right? He must have. Because I'm on my meatballs with onions and tomato sauce. No cheese, just meatballs with onions and tomato sauce. Well, the stuff that I've been reading about cooked tomatoes and cooked tomato sauce and pizza sauce. Like a penis, that's the stuff that's in there. That there's a great, the natural substance against the prostate cancer and all kinds of other grids. What am I looking in the carville book for that? I guess it's not in there. Well, it's in some book I got here somewhere. I don't know. I've got so many guys. I'm going to go to those people that read like two, three, four books at the same time, which is more of course than most people in America reading their lifetime. Well, we don't have time to be reading, okay, man. We're busy doing the goddamn dirty duck or whatever it is. The Anasy Chicken, the funky chicken. Here's a lady in the dear field, be, hello. Are you talking to me? Oh my god, it's a you. My ear is falling down. Why? It's falling down? I've been holding my hand. Only for you, will I hold so long? I'm not going anywhere. Twenty-two minutes. It's not that bad. That's all. Probably about twenty-two minutes a week. I'm just starting to start. Listen, are you working Friday? No, I am not. Are you going away? I'm not that I know of. I just might. It'll be a long boring holiday weekend. I never know. I'm always hopping on a planning going somewhere. You know me. Yes. When you got it, spend it. Well, I had it busy time. Yeah. I had a toast removed. Really? I had my annual fin. Yeah, but you know something in your spot in life. You ought to be glad you got teeth to be removed. I said, oh my own. That's right. It's like my mother instead of soaking in a glass. You got your real teeth. There you go. I've always said as long as you have your teeth, you've got what more can you want, right? And I got no glasses. Right. And my brother-in-law turned 90. We had a party. Talk alone. Yeah. A cockable. A cockable party, huh? Talk alone. Yeah. And that's it. Well, great. So you had a good son, huh? Yes. Very nice. My nephew, my late-mode son, cop, came down. Yeah. It came down to the party, you know. To the party, yeah. Yeah. And he was here for four days. So we had a nice time. Great. Yeah. Okay. So I want to wish you and George a very happy and a healthy new year. And you too, because George isn't here today. I know he isn't. Okay. Yeah. Don't forget. Talk alone. In cockable. She in 99. Bye bye. Bye bye. There she is. Well, it's all she's okay. We're okay. And what did I do with that fact? It's said about my toilet seat. That's the important stuff. Forget about this other craft. Said all you need to do is go to home depot by a couple of both. The bolts aren't broken. It's the little bracket. I got to get a new toilet seat. What I got to do. I mean, I can afford to get a new toilet seat. But it's the thing that attaches to the top of the rear of the toilet. That bolts connect. It's just it's a broken. They say, is that what they say? Josh Friedman to broken. That's what they say. That is what they say when they look when they're over there on the gans of strip and they're looking around. There's the Palestinians over there on one side. They do that. They're like, oh, it's a broken. That's what they say. Somehow I get to feeling Josh Friedman don't know as you wish really too well. You know, he's good at the like that. But he knows that. Not to get on the you wish. Not to mood. I've told. Oh, he does. He is sports. He's a sports. He's a sports. He's a sports. He's a sports. If he's used to being nice. He knows. He's busy watching the press conferences. What now? Twenty told me now. All the coaches are getting fired. Woo. Yeah. And who cares. What's what? Dividendismate. There are any surprises. Don't we know they're all getting fired? Especially when you got a team like the Eagles, which I left out of my list of growth. Tescarine believable teams. Nobody could possibly. Oh, we know he's getting fired because he's black. Huh? If it was dusty road, if it was a white guy, and if it was Randy road, sorry, probably still have it. Maybe if he did the dirty bird, he did. If Ray roads would have done the dirty bird yesterday, and he goes, so today I'm sure they did got the crap pounded out of him again. Then he still have his job. You dirty bird. Here's a fast by the way that I think is very interesting. Well by the way, we're going to be doing a break here. It's great. No, no spots, radio, I like it. We've gone from monxty to the other. We actually can get the little momentum going here. Here's the fact that his knee would hit the nail on the head when you said that every time you watch one of these jobs, the answer might not feel the first thing that comes to mind is what a f***ing nigger. I can't agree with you more. Why don't they just start singing, Mami, while they do con job, you get the same results sign for it. Let's get out of jail soon out there. Mami, I mean seriously, it's a very, very ugly thing. And you people out there that keep defending it, man, you ought to be telling your kids, stop acting like a job as an ignorance, they're acting like a civilized human being. And you know, put your emotions a little bit under control under control. That's what life is supposed to be about. Be enthusiastic, but under control a little bit. I have a little goddamn decorum. We have an open line in the Broward 56. Well, what's wrong with that? Why do you have to go a shot? And as far as the soccer players are concerned, does anybody hear about soccer? No. Don't forget about them. And we're no one can't be burdened with their behavior. And they're ripping their shirt off and believe me, put it back on. I mean, ever seen those soccer players, Jesus. I know what I'm discovered is that soccer is for the ugly Europeans. It was the kind of way they all go and play soccer. Because the soccer people got to be the ugliest guys on the face of the earth. Next to rugby players. 28 past noon and quicker players. The 560 WQM. The Avengers got new from the National Science and Recert Institute. Some of the products guaranteed to revolutionize the healthcare industry. The new and improved. I can't believe it's not an animal. And now from the president's council on health, after Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes, this product will clean your pooper like nobody's business. Excuse me, sir. Mad Damage said, Who me? Well, I really don't shut up and bend over. Stop being a little girl. Hey, get that. Hey, oh, that feels great. What an animal. It's not an animal. It's not an animal at all. It's new. I can't believe it's not an animal. That's right. The brand new I can't believe it's not an animal. Now with cutting edge, lead proof technology. No, mass, no fast, no truth, your new shoes. Get yours today. Properties to a 560 WCM. Now that time's right. And we're talking about today's see, When you go to the product colleges, it feels very uncomfortable because you have this natural, this natural inclination to be embarrassed and humiliated and feel very uncomfortable when somebody sticks anything into your rectum. But see, the obvious response to that is, oh, no, you're really enjoying it. It's just the cultural barriers that you've, yeah, see, that's bull crap. It's a squeamish thing. It's a grote. Get out of there already. Don't understand? I thought you guys thought they're hitting on these women. Try to, well, you know, we talked about that until we're blue in the, push. Yeah, oh, yeah, oh, really feels great. No, no, it doesn't. It's coming. No, it's the, you just have a culture block. You just didn't brainwashed into believing that it hurts. It feels great. Right, go. Oh, man. No, what does not. God, there are a few things to live out of. When they do, what's all they call it? When they give the proctologist goes beyond just the initial with the finger. I mean, that's embarrassing and bad and, and squeam you know, but when they stick to a little thing, what's all that they call that? I can't think of it. But you know what I'm talking about. And they stick to the instrument. And man, you are just just dying. You're, oh, get that thing out of me already. Elmo, let's get it out of there. Oh, no, it's really great. It's just your, you've been brainwashed. You're taking cultural barrier. Everything is cultural, okay? Yeah, that's always a good excuse. Like, selling drugs on a street grown, that's cultural. Here's coral gable, sell out. Neil, yes, you're hot. Two things for you. First of all, I hate going to the hockey games and having to be the only person in my section that understands what's going on out there at the ice because I feel like I might as well have. Oh, section there you in. Wherever I happen to get tickets, I work in the media. So, you know, wherever I happen to get tickets. Well, I'm in 101. So there's two sections now that we know of it. It's got at least one person that knows what the game is about. It's just annoying. And how are time are going to be as wide across from me. So that's the more so that's four. It's what's what's sizing. What's the blue line? Oh, this one. Any gets frustrating. Here's now this is the 60 year and part of the problem being that you have different people that are every game. And that different people, every game you look around you. There's a whole bunch of different people. They're very rarely. You see the same people, two games in a row. It's much more important for them to get on their cell phone and go talk to somebody in another section. Say, hey, who can make? See, if you're, if you're one and they price the fans out of it. And back in the olden days, you go and you see the same people in the same seats, especially in the good seats and lower bull year after year. But now they price people out so they have to divide it up. And they kind of, you know, how many games can the average person afford to go to? Not many at all. And I'm going to tell you, I really mean this. If I didn't get my tickets free from this joint, I would say, skip it. You know, and the place is two minutes from my house. I still wouldn't go because the quality of what they're putting on there. Of that performance out there in a whole ambiance with nothing works in the goal I feel kind of, it's I wouldn't pay for that. And I agree. If you seven bucks to sit there to wash in the game, I left as soon as they scored the second goal. We flew out of there like a cannon shot as much as I love hockey. I agree with you 100%. But more importantly, yes, sir, in watching the pregame shows yesterday, Neil, the dirty bird is they can try it. Corey a graph. Right, hands. Well, that's what Joe was saying before there. It's bad enough that they're doing all this bull crap. But the fact that they're choreographing now, it started out with what it tells me is that the game there are so many bad teams. It's like the early in the year they were bitching about all money that football ratings are way to the ratings were down. So badly is because they're all these bad teams, all these bad matchups. And people, you know, you can only fool people for so long. You put a crap product out there. People are going to fly away from it and drool. It's more important for these guys to not worry about whether or not they're going to have a good performance out there on the field, but what they're going to do when they get me and zone tomorrow Anderson's sisters picked up on it. The tight end, OJ Santiago is the one who started it. The sisters picked up on it and taught him how to perform the 30 bird so that he would get on national television every single time. Oh, man. It's pathetic. But the state of football in it. I think they have two different team meetings. You know how they watch the game films of the team that they're going to play the next. And then the team. No, I think they have one meeting where they watch the actual game itself to play. And then they have another one for the choreography in the dancing. It's really gotten out of control. And I'm with you 100 percent on that one. Okay, well, have a happy new year. We have an open line of day counting five six seven five six six eight and of course, you know, there's a segment of the public out there who who soaks this in. They think it's really great because they're forgetting the fact that this is a substitute for what really is supposed to be exciting out there, which is supposed to be the game. But they have to keep embellishing and embellishing and adding because the product quite frankly and any of these sports is crap. I mean, does it take a rocket size to figure out that if used to have what whatever legal was if he had 18s yet 16s and the NHS, whatever number of teams you had and even then you had some bad teams. I mean, the population of the country, thank God, isn't reproducing at that astronomical rate and in hockey for the fact that they had the European players. They don't look like the guy them. I was going to say, Rochester, Amherst, that would be a compliment is it looks like a little league like P. We hockey is what they would look like. Twenty-seven teams when they're used to be six. It doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out that you can't. You can only take so much talent and spread it out. That's why I got guys in baseball who hit two twenty that are making two and a half three million dollars a year. And you're supposed to pay for it. And like the guy says before, open to the cream of the crop. Right. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, New York. How are you doing? I'm fine. I'm fine. I want to start with is one of the tank very fenders for never spaking the ball. Hey, there, there's the best running back in the football today. The best running back in the national football league. And he doesn't do that. Jive has cramp. Yeah, he scores a million times, runs a million yards and hands up all to the rough and goes on his business. You know, never saw Gail Sears do what you didn't see a Walter Payton do it. You didn't see a Jim Brown do it. You never saw any of these guys do it. And second thing. The cultural thing. Yeah, right. Second thing is I held out. I'm buying your CD. My wife, I played, you know, a little bit before Christmas. It was supposed to be a present for me. Yeah. Well, Mike, yeah, I'm going to go get a new kid. You'll get that CD and she's Tommy. Oh, yeah, you're going to ruin your present. Well, here comes Christmas, will do I get no CD or a new Rogers? Yeah. So, you know, next day I go shopping. Did they have new Rogers and borders of Bointen? No. Did they have anything played? No, no, no. No, not my aunt. No, no. No. So, here I am. Christmas Eve or a path to Christmas. And all I got to say too. I need, size one. We'll do I go. Yeah, because I'll send a one. Maybe the only ones that have any apartment left. Right, because they don't know if they're restocking and I don't know anything. Yeah. You know that these borders. So, center one would be the play. Yeah, 563, 3600. All right, Neil, I want to say. I didn't know it was the God, so I started listening to you. Oh, God. God bless you, sir. You haven't read me yet. Okay, we have an open line of day. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. By the way, is the QM van going out today? No, this will go. Okay, realize this is kind of a week that doesn't exist. I understand that there's no ratings going on now. We are basically of no spots. And the fact that we have no spots is basically everybody's saying, well, you know, we don't know that he's listening, everybody's out of town. Or I'll busy with their bull crap to get him ready to bring it all the booze for New Year's Eve. And maybe they got a point. Although I'll be honest, we think we've had a few calls here today, which surprises the crap out of me. I thought we're going to have to play the rack again all day today. May, in fact, I wouldn't have been surprised if we had to do all week this week. It works the lotion in the basket. Here's a coconut creek, hello. Oh, Neil, God. Yes, sir. How you doing? I was forgot about it. I'm Martin Hanks, his assessment was pretty good. You're just mentioning that to me. I forgot in the bucket. I'm very wild. I get physically ill when I see that. I can't stand. I have to help him. Yeah. I hope that if you remember to get on at Elvis Christmas Eve some time today. You know, we passed the match to Pados. Elvis Claus? Yeah, that's it. Okay, proud you got it. Thank you. Okay, we have an open line of day one at Broward, 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. We got hockey tonight, baby. The Panthers and Islanders, any interest. Anybody named anybody on the Islanders besides Zignan Palfi? Oh, okay. About that goalie, Tommy. What does it again? Come on, you can do it. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Tommy, shallow. Very good. Excellent. There you go. Here's the guy that knows his suede. Before I get to Lamar Thomas. Yes. You were asking about the Hispanics. You know, the OG Santiago started that stupid dirty part. Yeah, he's probably just mentioned that. But he started. He's a, even, even it's not a fix to start up with, you know, if there is no, is there no, is it? Do you know if today, but he talked you about Brian Cox's antics on the sidelines yesterday? No. He went over to build part cells, grabbed him, and started smacking him in the ass, like 20 times. Really? Right on camera. So I think that's still should get a hold of that take. And to the case right now. Yeah. Yeah. It was amazing. He just stood there smacking him over and part cells, like he did. He was loving it. Yeah. He wasn't all here for that. Is it really? Yeah. Okay. A big guy named Brian just, yeah. Right. I want to be in the butt, Tommy. About Lamar Thomas. Yes. I got him down. So yeah. I never gave a damn about the players in the NFL and what they did. But since I read that book that you were talking about. Frozen Cans, which by the way Lamar has picked yours on a back, although he's straight him stuff on that nice going Lamar. Yeah. The picture is on a back, yeah. He's got his own chapter. Yeah. The whole chapter is about him. Okay. Listen. If you beat up your girlfriend in your own house and try him, that's one thing. But the clue to somebody else is how. Yeah. In front of everybody, with no regard for anything, including the law, he's, I can't stand to be mixed with him. He'll keep going for one of these big, one of these big black guys to wipe him out. Maybe maybe Saturday will be the day. Yeah. Could be. I like to see Bruce Smith get all of them. Could be. Yeah. Okay. A lot of people forget, I like to have a great day. A lot of people forget. I don't want to start getting into football. Okay. Other than Jimmy Johnson and Dan Reed or Hittie, each other like poison. And you can take that to the bank. But I do want to say this. A lot of people forget. I love this kid played yesterday. Johnson, the rookie quarterback played yesterday. And they've, wow, how did they play in the ones? Beat the crap out of them with him playing. But they forget that. That's fluently didn't play. They had fluently. But he didn't play in that first game that the Miami wanted. Remember? And the kid, this Johnson, and that kid was so nervous in that game. He was like, ping in his pants. He had to keep changing his uniform. 20 times in the game. And then, of course, fluently did play in the second game. And it seemed to me I could be wrong. I'd buffalo. One that game. I was time I checked. I'm not saying that buffalo is going to win a game. You mentioned that in passing for you to consider. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight on the AT&T worldless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think it was this one. Barney said he told me, I must start the, this, you can drive him right. Yeah, right. He told his players when they got to the end on the act like they'd been there before. Mm-hmm. So, I don't think, can you imagine, Vince, on Barney putting up with this crap? craft? No. No way. It will never get started. Yeah. And one of them have a chance to hold on. You think that's sure what we'll put up with too much of this craft? No. Okay, and have a great day and see how to Vince Lombardi. Are we in tune with the B.A.B. of an open line at Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I realize times change, but because times change doesn't mean it's always a change for the better. Don't hit me with 20 guys in the broadcast booth try to dazzle me with their bull crap and playing grab ass with each other and carry Brad Joe trying to put on an act like he's got a brain which we know he does not. Don't try to try to con and old, you know, scumbag like me. Give me a quality event out there that's worth investing your time and watching and then I'll say, hey, this was siddilating. This was great. But don't try to feed me a big stone dance. Thanks, Chuck, by the way, from the sub center, just brought us a great lunch, which is always great. And thanks, Nisi, or they great people. And a year that we've been here and can you imagine the $50 billion worth of food? In fact, George and I would both look like rumble still. And we're not for Chuck over the sub center. Great meats and great their subs. Mmm, good stuff. Where were we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. The my Thomas had that one good game against the vendor. Yeah. And then a week later, they give them a contract extension. Like he's the answer. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in the day. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, I think they're forgetting what show they're talking to. Okay. Don't start talking to me about football. Don't start talking to me. It's trying to put that football. Okay. Because I do not care all of Jimmy Johnson and Dan Reno do hate each other like poison. Thank you. You've got a little lunch in here. Jesus Christ this thing weighs about 40 pounds. How much did she put in here? I didn't I didn't think we're going to feed the whole block. Okay, Nisi. Man, oh, man. I know what's the holidays. You probably act in very generous. It said it was always appreciate. But holy crap. Man, before even opening it, I can. Wow. Did you look at that. Can you see it? This is enough for a lunch and for dinner. I can even smuggle some of this in the app probably can sell it outside the Macarena tonight. Oh, by the way, Sean, I'll be there. Okay. Have no fear. I'm sure Sean's listening right now. I'll be out there right by the escalator hoping that it works tonight. Where are we going? Let's go to by the way. I have a very interesting question after I get my 12th seed fish. And I worry about that about whether I should have my mother committed. I'll talk about that tomorrow. Here's the crawl spring. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy new year. And it back to you. I would be willing to bet that it will not be two minutes into the game tonight. Yeah, on the big screen, they will be showing some ass hole in the dirty bird. The dirty bird. Yeah, the the funky chicken. And if they don't show that, yeah, I can all look up there and go, he's an asshole. Yeah, and that's what everybody will say, but it will happen next soon if it takes a month or that. In fact, that's probably going to take up most of the games from Milan. Let's that on a TV game. It was Hank Shapiro, Duce's Rogers and two other got who's doing this. Thanks, I'm Goldberg was doing the dirty. No, no, uh, the state Shapiro. Oh, you think you're. I think you're. I think you're. I think you're. I didn't think they were in the world. I don't know. Maybe they are. And, and this is Rogers. It was that. It was a fight to be seen. Isn't that pathetic? Oh, it's terrible. And of course, you know, Jim Barry's going to be running with on channel four because he's, you know, he will not have a, he will have a, he'll have a, he'll have a, he'll have a, he'll have a, like a. Like a pop with a gift. Don't forget the whole newscast and I five or clock for the dirty, the funky chicken. You know, we're talking about Vince from body before. Yeah. He's the one guy also, remember one of his players got in the fight in front of the other team's bench and the team started to go on a field and he made everybody stop and he said he deserves what he gets if he starts a fight in front of the opposing teams bench. And then our, are these guys, like, like, the ones you just mentioned, do Spad Rogers, who happened to be black, are they really that stupid that they don't understand the way that white America looks upon this? I don't, they get it. They must be because it's like you look at this and you see, oh, Mike, I do embarrass, they don't own living rights. All about yourself. You're embarrassed for these yo-yo doing this stuff. And, and you're not doing it. Why the hell should you be embarrassed? Yeah. And then they go and do it on the newscast, and you said, and then you like, you know, you're embarrassed again. And they have to understand it. This is not acceptable. Other sports, that's the American way. Yeah. In general, basketball, for example, and I know you're not a big fan of that. Any show display of show voting is a technical file? Right. And I mean, you don't see the, you know, when you're less than you saw, I think they're going to have to start doing the NFL, what they do in college. Yeah. I think they overdue in college. I mean, they can carry the way with the penalty. But, you know, 15 yards on sports from like, you kick off from the, whatever. And that's it. I mean, enough of the bull crab. It's just got not a hand. When's the last time you see mellow, but you need to my pick up the podcast that they score and flinging into the stands is something to do off. And okay, listen, have a great time. Back to you. Okay. We have an open line at Broward, Boy, this lunch is great. I hope I don't need too much of it here. They need to because you get me about 20 pounds worth of balls here, man. I think, Jeannie made this today. All like I said, thanks, Jeannie. God, this is good stuff. Well, pretty lucky when we first came into this neighborhood, I thought, man, we're going to help we're going to get some good chow around here. And thank God, we found truck at this sub center. So anyway, what did Brian Cox say to our sales yesterday? So what? Okay. Just checking. It's 11 before one. And of course, you know, we got a lot of people on a station who's continue to build up these guys and glamorize them and that they can do no wrong. They're wonderful people. And they're misunderstood. Bull crab, okay. Bull crab. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. A couple early dancers in the NFL, one of them might make you gag. Elmo right. Do you remember him? Yes. Number two, Mark Gastano. Yeah, this is the third mention for a Gastano. I'm really, really took on Gastano because he was white, which goes to show that even white people. Well, I thought when I brought up that name out here, that sound of water going into the toilet. That barf sound that you make. With the video without the toilet sheet, right? Yeah. When the dolphins start partying like that on the field, I always have to change. Turn down the volume or look away or turn it off. So obviously, Jimmy Johnson he stands for it. Well, you say he stands for he was the original, not the original, but he was one of the most notorious of the gangsta coaches and you a van. There you go. Yeah. Don't you remember that that's the ball that very infamous festival when they went out there next to Lake Abuchahavez, a gyvas gangster and he won up getting beat by Penn State. Yep. I had one other thing you asked him before for an African American field goal kicker in the NFL. Yes. There was one. I'm not going to be able to come up with his name, but he did play for Tampa Bay and he played for the Minnesota Vikings. And I think after he was out of the NFL, he got invited for heroin. Don't want to eat weight. I'm going to put this in. I want you to win a gypsia treatment. I want to eat weight. What? Eat weight. There you go. There you go. I can't even spell it much less. Oh, right. Nice going, Josh. And have a great day, sir. This Josh Friedman, well, he is just he's kind of like the George Rodriguez of sports walking in the cycle of pediatopuseless crap. I mean, just tons of it. George has got more information. I mean, he can tell you all kinds of things. You know, historical facts, information. Most of it. I mean, nobody ever wants to hear, but a great stuff. And a same with Josh. He is just a veritable walking in the cycle of pediatopuseless sports trivia. Not trivia, but trivial crap. We have an open line of date, county five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18. T. While it's line, we got the ankle, but show it. She will stay two today between two and six. And then we got guilty. We'll be on a six o'clock tonight from the Amacca Rina. And then it's seven o'clock. You got the free game show. Panthers and the New York Islanders. I wonder is there starting to make a little bit of a movie. They got palpy back. Maybe you never know. We'll see. We'll see which Panther team shows up tonight. That's one thing. It's always like a guessing game when you go to the macarina, which team will show up tonight? Here's what Myers. Hello. I do a nail. Great. Love you down here. I'm right. Listen. I'm from the York. I used to go up amongst the college hockey games all the time. Yeah. He said nobody does that. He said crap. I think it's what he meant to begin with. Crap with the next stage is what he said. We have an open line in the day five six seven five six the pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line. See, the difference being though in hockey. And of course, we do have now me and a child. We've got these long commercial time outs and they have dragged the game and sold it down. But nevertheless, at least there's still a lot of action out there in your 60 minutes. Whereas in football, which most of you don't want to admit, but if I were you just one time, just for the out of curiosity, speak, say, take a football game, take the entire telecast. From the time the opening kick off, kill the time the clock's zero at the end of the fourth quarter. And then you then go through it and see how actual, how much actual playing time there is out of those three and a half almost four hours sometimes. That it takes a longer play that game. They're really relatively speaking is so little action. And now because the network networks have come up with these billion and trillion dollar deals. Now these contracts and paying out these outrageous amounts of money. They got to make their money back, baby. So there is commercial after commercial after commercial. You don't have to worry about missing too much because you know how much going on in the first place. So they got to juice it up, baby. They got to spice it up with all kinds of accoutiments, all kinds of goofy things because they want, you know, it is like the Islam done contest in the NBA. Same thing. The all star, all the skills competition at the NHL all started. Because the game itself is meaningless because nobody hits anybody. So even though they got all these big names started there, it's a ridiculous game. So we got to have the skills competition who can shoot it the hardest and the puck too. How guarantee a Peter North beat that I'll make it a sunny day. Oh, even if he is getting old. We have an open line in day five six seven five six the pump five six the only 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Now you're going to take the the punt out of the sport. You know, when you get to the game, do you adrenaline going? Yeah. You get people you don't like to. Oh, you're taking it. People that don't like it. It must be the facts that don't like it. How about I do your right. It's a young entragment. I never see them doing it either. Good point. Excellent. We have an open line in the brown word five six seven five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. No, Oscar people. We're just we don't get all that emotional. We see a bunch of guys in real-time pants run out there grabbing each other around the craft. We don't get all that carried away. We know what it is. 255 at 560 WQA and put it. It's not just go one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. He saved the search warrant on me which allows him to view and photograph my body including my penis. My butt hurts. My lower torso. Size. And then you have the error that they want it. Oh, they will hear me. And didn't know. When I touched some bags that I couldn't make it grow. It's the best. Oh man, this is really a bummer. All I did was get myself a bummer. Oh, you saved. Oh, we got nothing. We got nothing. These charges saved are really hateful. I've never seen my call be called. Can they not? Right, though. Hillary is real. If you were to pay at least the things I've banged with you, man. Or babies. We got nothing. We got nothing. I have flowers. They're the growth. Hey, McColley. You dropped this up. Day after day. The charges they grow. That in a parking lot. I got full ratio. Just let me sleep with one more kid. I promise not to repeat what I did. I've been a deep mess, but what the hate is, at least nobody out there thinks I'm gay. Or babies. We got nothing. Boy, we got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16Wild, if you missed this. Is this the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? Okay. I've never played anything. Because I can't stand listening to you. You serve like a douchebag. Do I? Just do me a favor. Anything. We'll ask you a question before you go. Oh, god. You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, I got that. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I just wanted to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God. Can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer me? I can't stand it. I can't stand it. Well, let's see if you won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's our message on a show today, baby. We hate the bird, right? Oh, dirty or otherwise. Well, you see it. Just me. I'm an old part. I'm just, uh, I'm just not into this newfangled crap. You know, this is supposed to be where it's like the thing at the hockey game. It's the same thing. I'm like in a very tiny minor. I go there to see the game. The rest of these people are joking and driving. They're watching themselves on a screen. This is a market. There you go. They're glittering, baby. They're all over the place. They're rocking and rolling. And they really believe they're having a great time for their 57 bucks plus two to your 40 for food and pencil parking. They're having a hell of a time. All right. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. New. Yes sir. Happy New Year. And back to you. That's a change subject. Anything to like, pal. No subject on this show. You know, it's been the holiday season. I, I wanted to see you caught the history channel, Special on the Roman Empire. No, I did not. Well, they mentioned when in Rome, Do the Romans, did they say that? Well, they mentioned a lot, but they said in Constantine, in 300 AD, declared December 25th, the birthday of Jesus. And it was actually the Roman feast of the pagan god, and Mithra, who was celebrated on that day. And it was to unify the empire and the pagan people into the Christianity. So what's wrong with that? Like, all the religion he just made it up. And the reason he did this is he was, like, before a badly saw, like a light, it was sashed through the crowds, kind of in a cross-sate fashion. And they won the battle. So after that he hadn't paid the cross on their shields, and then they won another battle. And it's just a fluke out of a thousand, maybe different facts of religion. And he picked that one, and that's how Christianity was picked by the Roman people. How do you like that? You know, I know you feel about that, and we just, you know, just a fluke of the... Just a lot of the draw. Just a bad luck of the draw. I'll take out a student out to be such a benevolent and caring religion over the centuries, and have a right new year of power. We have two open lines in the Broward, 560 and Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Like I said, they're all bubble micees, okay? The NH, do no harm. That's very simple. Take no crap, do no harm. That's it. That's all you need. You don't have to spend any money. You don't have to pay any dues. You don't have to put any cap on your head. You don't have to run around with special underwear. We never got one call about that by the way. Did we? About to spread all jokes to freak out of each time I say that. You never heard about the special underwear? You never heard about the special underwear. Well, of course, to show that you must be watching the press conference. It's over there because George and I have talked about it several times when you were over in the other building. How do you know that? We talked about the Mormons in the special underwear. They wear special religious underwear. What is wrong with you? What kind of sheltered world you live in, okay? World is more than just, I don't know, whatever you think it is. More than just pasta and get in the lead. Okay, I'm not sure what, but there must be something more to do with the net. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my card. Good program. Taking your card? My call. Oh, you started saying card. I don't know how to do card, but I'll try using it over the weekend. Whatever thing on these. What do you mean one other thing? Yeah. I just want you to put ball players. You think they can go out and dance around and do everything. What about them jumping up in a face of every call on the referees? Yeah. They make any difference with the call. They're right though, because the referees are all blind. And this is, she may be this is partly to cover up the fact that it's all of Fars and the referees are a bunch of dotting old men. And it's a gap coming to the game is is evidently meaningless because they don't care because they're not doing anything to rectify it. And so this must be a cover up. Let's do the dirty bird, you know. Well, it's good to go back to it. They could do it like they do in high school. Only one person is allowed to talk to that referee and that's the, the captain. Right. And they want to speed up the game, let them do that. Okay. Nobody can do anything. Okay. And thanks for making your call. Okay. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 and a mobile one line. I mean, really when you cut away all the exterior and all the posturing and all the Balloni, I mean, who gives a crap when you cut my down to it, you know. Except a bunch of silly people like Good Jim Burie and the douchebag Rogers around Channel 7. What about he's getting canned by the way? He's pathetic. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the mobile one line. We got that Goldberg show at Shula's in two o'clock and then we got an hour and a half of Goldie. Oh, that's an awful long time. 90 minutes of Goldie with a pregame show and then before that six to seven, whatever he's going to be talking to trying to go out. That's that, that's that, that's that. Like that. And then the Panthers at the Islander 739, namely like, oh, we got Tommy Stattle. They got Ziggy Pellpie. Anybody else you can name on the Islanders? Come on. Here's a call from Iowa. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, New York. How are you? Pretty good. I'm Iowa. You're so sorry. Where are you? I used to be down there. Like I said, I can't go on for you. And that's a bad year. But they put me onto you. I don't really know why they and nobody else matches this too, but will you be making more of your New York Rogers CDs? Do you mean for this year? For this year. No. No. Okay. No. I've been sitting there. Okay. Be that way, yeah. No. I mean, you asked me a question. I know. I'm here and I'm here. You're the last of the end of the line. No. Okay. I've been told by the people that I've called numbers that you would be. So it's a little bit different. I mean, it's a 20th of December. How can we start making a bunch of now? By the time they would be done, our campaign is over December 31. I don't know any of that. I just know that it's real hard to get through to each year and find you and get answers and find out how to order them when you're out of there. Well, gee, if you went on a web, did you, you must have checked out the website? New Rogers.com. You know. Well, that's where you get all the Eric up in Orlando put that thing together. He's got stuff that we don't even know about. He would check it out. I didn't even know he did. He's way ahead of me. He's got things happening on the show that haven't even happened yet. He does. Okay. Well, I've heard it from the verses, Master. I know more. No, my. No. I haven't read you yet. It's good to talk. You're lucky. Walk down to the corn. Okay. Okay. Corns will kill you. We have two open lines. Those corn holes are so special. Two open lines in day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty at a mobile one line. Pull questions day. Which you like better? Which you'd be like in better? The Iki shuffle or the dirty burger. That's our pull question today. Huh? Here's my Emmy. Hello. Yes, sir. Little holes as much as I'd do flight. Oh, I'm in the middle of my lunch and this man's in the room. Easy. Wonderful, though. He said a few people want to draw attention to themselves for doing something good. Yeah. Let him do it when they make them a steak. Yeah. You don't see any of them celebrating when they jump off sides or anything. That's a good idea. When Richmond Web gets one of those 15-year-old home penalties all he's playing right at the moment. Yeah. What's the life of seeing those right at that? Yeah. Why don't he get up and jump around and I've done it. Yeah. Five minutes of time. They can then it would be palatable. Okay. Thank you. We have a date county. All three lines are open and date five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. That's a big on the Iki shuffle. That's ancient history. Okay. You old fart. We're doing the dirty burden. We like it. We don't care whether you like it or not. We don't care whether you like Peter. We're all not. We're the experts down here. We know where it's at. All those phonies up there in Toronto. The things they know about hockey. All those phonies up there in Green Bay. The things they know something about football. They don't know crap. Okay. We're the experts down here. We're the best front running phonies on the face of the earth. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Happy New Year to you sir. Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. You're not talking about 20 years. I want you to know that you make my day every single morning. Yes I do. You do. And I also want you to know that I agree with you on all this E.C. shuffle crap. It's got to stop. It's got to stop. It's got to stop. They just got to do penalties and do what they've got to do to these players to get these seems to realize this a waste of time. Yeah. It's really, it's going to. If the league can't even get their officiating situation straight enough, then get guys out there to take an eye test. Then how do you think it's never going to happen? They're going to put it into this world crab. I don't know. And another thing they make all this money like you were talking about before. And look how much it cost to take a family that loves sports to the football game. Right. I mean, it's a joke. It's over $150 or whatever it is to just have a hot dog and a coat can it take it. You got it. You know, I just don't agree with it. I don't agree with any of it. That's why I don't mess around with pro football. I think college football is where it's at. It shows you up and coming stars when they're exciting and playing for something that's worthwhile. Okay. So I appreciate your time and love your show and we'll be here with you. Okay. Have a great life. Take care. We have an open-minded, Howard. Five, six, seven, five, six. I'm young. I'm not sure. By the way, just mention that even though we don't have the TV thing going anymore. I just mention that because it's so one of the, yeah. I just tell you, I'm young. I'm not sure. When you're eating meatballs with season with onions in the sauce. I'm having my sauce. Anyway, I always have a little fat in the sauce. What my book says. And your tomato sauce always makes sure it's mixed with a little fat. Which your oil or whatever you put in there. That's good. And he did this. Tomato sauce, pizza sauce, tomato paste. Mmm. Loaded with like-o-peen, baby, which helps your, whatever it helps something in your, Right, go. You're a prostate. Now, I'll do women out there. Okay. Where we going? Let's go to a top of no beach, chill out. Neil. Yes, sir. How about the Super Bowl shuffle? The Super Bowl shuffle? Remember the 85 bears? It made that video? Oh yeah. Magic McMan. Oh, no. Oh, nice job. There was a wide guy who celebrated the McMan. And he did a very poorly two-by-the-way. That's why I kept those dark shades on all the time. I'm glad this guy's. Regarding the celebration, I don't really mind the celebration. Like I remember the red skin juice, to have those scuba-wide receivers called the, Oh, the Smurps. These the high five each other's a man's boat. Yeah. I just don't be on the individual solo acts for the trying to degrade the other team and their dancing around. And the other teams like point that the scoreboard has their down by 30 points. I don't understand. Yeah, I don't get it. The celebration thing on your dad. I think Lamar be out of control myself. I think he just, out of control. Even right-poss to say he thinks he's out of control. Roll. Right. He's got a good temple. Request. You're a team. You never saw right-poss to go out there doing the dirty bird doing a dolphin game. No way. I was raised practice in right now. I just signed up again. Yeah. I think he has to do that. I think they could use him. He closed and kind of make a request. Yes sir. You played it last week. I was peeing my pants worse than the lotion in the basket. Yeah. The fill Henry bit with that black woman and the priest about communion. All you can eat Negro. Yeah, all you can eat Negro. Right. Right. Boss. You're just walking in the other room. You want me to play all you can eat Negro. I mean we're talking about the, It is holiday. Your nephew is in hell. I feel that my nephew is in that room for long ago. Not with the Lord. In other words, in hell. I don't know if we have no one alone. And we come to the, we can't find his body like a remote. You fear that that Roman Catholic Communus, they natured deaf use body. Yes sir. All right. We have on the lightest van ice here. A Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 642. How you doing? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You say I am. Yes sir. Okay. So I just want to let you in correct by something for you. Yes sir. So this is just you've been listening to him for a long time. What are you doing? What is he just hanging on and saying to what I believe is. And then you can draw your own conclusion. What are you eating people? The least thing we're teaching is, and you draw your own conclusions. Let me follow this one. Okay. First of all, we believe that when you see communion, we see the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, damn my God. Well hold on man. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is. You eat flesh and blood. If you want to look at that red line. Oh my God. That's fine. This is our belief and you're in conclusion. I want to learn this. Now you got to let the father explain. Why would I want to learn this here? And talk about it. What is this? This is like show reason. It's like life. Okay. First of all, okay. You're in threat because you've been missing fond about what happened to your nip. You eat the back, you eat the whole damn thing. Excuse me. Don't you eat it? Eat the whole. Yeah. The host. But he's at least the whole body or the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood of the flesh. Of whom? On the man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh God. Oh God. That is a blasphemy. Why did you tell him? I don't think that. Or I'm trying to do it in front of my body. You don't want to give me anything in front. Do you eat up on the booty too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what that means. What does this man talk about even the Lord Jesus? What in finish? Or let him just say what he had heard saying. This good Jesus man, where Jesus could breath and breath and breath and breath and breath and take this, a muted kiss is my body. Oh, good. And then he took the cup of wine and said take and drink this is my blood. And again he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood. I don't know how to think. Oh my God. This is good Friday. Exactly. You're talking about eating up on Jesus. I don't call you that. What do you believe? You grab it on Jesus. What? You want to believe that? Grab it on our knees. If that's it, you believe. And my nephew, what about him? Okay, man. I'll take it. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. I'm not going to eat this. The Catholics Mac donned your boy, huh? You were last in the world. Now you were in a Dutch last night. Yeah. I'm going to ask you a question. I think I think I can't read. It's like some kind of Negro smoke is more golden there. Well, I'll try. I should have been. I'm going to find that. I'm going to find it. I'm going to find it. I'm going to find it. I'm going to find it. Listen, Father. I thank you for taking the time. I really do. All right. Man, we have a good Easter. Well, you gave us gifts. Well, only better to God. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. And Mac and all my boys, like a better buffet. Oh, you can eat me. Oh. Well, wasn't it? What did you call, man? Oh, you can eat me, girl. Hey. Hahaha. Like this Is it? Initiative? Yes. No. Oh, you can eat me, bro. Oh, God. So, I understand. Who's thinking of him? Father, you're helping all the boys. I'm a Catholic. See, that's one of the things about that whole bit that he listened to the priest to the only straight call, so to speak. Oh, that was a bad choice of words. But the only unsuspecting participant and no point during the whole deal is the ever-catch on. I mean, what is there to say about that? He's no fact in the church. 117 at 5. 60. I asked him by the way, Roy Foster, that great ex-dolphin who's one of our sales holes. He was in here a moment ago. Is that his dad that was with him there? Huh? No, one of his clients. Look, like his father. Would he too short to be his father? He looked up and collected, no? Huh? Well, what are you looking at me like that? What did I just say? That was a white guy, man. That was a white guy? Yeah, that was no white guy. He was like, kind of like in between. He was a little bit a little bit of that. Are you serious? That was a white guy that was in here with the bro. Get out of here. That Roman knows must be getting in your way. You must have been. And remember when I first came, you had the eye problems, yeah? Remember that? So I don't know, but whoever he was in there, and I said to him, I said, under any circumstances Roy, being a great upstanding superstar dolphin that you were always years. Would you tolerate, would you put up with all this bull crap as a funky chicken and dirty bird in the screen? No, that's what he said. I said Roy, you're sure he's no, no. But no, that's what he said. Not too fun to that crap. 118-5-60WQA. You've got a full list right now, girls. And I like to do this in a horror. I really, really want to go. A pilot, jive for Monica. I smoke marijuana and shot a load on Monica. Monica is a woman who was an intern in the White House. Instead of taking meblows, she took off her white blouse. I guess you could say I'm the soft, a combination of not a real good time for a family vacation. Let me just say thanks for my high approval rating. I have good to know Americans, don't mind that's from aerodal dating. I really, really want to go. A pilot, jive for Monica. I strike in and ton of girls. And then fat upon Monica. A Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her. But I said if she'd stay with me, I should up about his foster. As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad. She's a college sophomore, but gets you her date and debt. You know I could have skated and escaped this big old mess. I'm Monica, they're more careful about that residue on her dress. I really, really want to go. A pilot, jive for Monica. She blew my heart, Monica. And I blew my nerve, Monica. I really, really want to go. A pilot, jive for Monica. She blew my heart, Monica. I blew my nerve, Monica. So what's the point? Okay, once 23 or 560 WQM, we have an open line in date to learn, Broward, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Here's the fact that said did you see the New Orleans Saints leaf broad celebration, no I did not know. Oh, for play we already heard about this 200 times. For players jumping over each other like they needed to take a crap as what it's sense and Mike Rodriguez is a douche bank. There's another one that says Neil is absolutely correct. Joe the Mormons were special underwear that not even allowed to be naked ever. I say well, we can now that's not true. They take a shower. They can take the underwear off. I believe. I mean, if you know, what do you do? If you take a shower with the underwear on and then you hop into the dryer for half an hour, I don't think so. But other than I think for a shower, maybe a quick spin in the hot tub or something, Mormons must wear the special underwear because I don't know. Because of the friction I think makes him horning all the time. That's why they reproduce so well and have like 20 or 30 kids. Here's another interesting fact that says doesn't Julian Bond do the dirty bird. Yes, I think he does. Julian Bond. Well, it's a cultural thing. No, you understand? It's cultural. What should I do with that other fact? Yeah, Mark Gaston was the first one we've had mentioned him other times today. Who was very white. I'm not just asked over the agets. And wasn't that he was he dying of cancer or his fiance. Remember when he was getting married like about a hundred years ago, then all of a sudden like next week, all of a sudden, like, we're just a bad headache or something like that. I remember that, but we got rid of him. Thank God. And then here's the very interesting fact. Somebody that must have gone out of business. It says it's a former owner of a hardware store. Why is the reference always to the home depot instead of your local independent who is more capable of giving accurate information and who needs the business? Give the little guy a break. Thanks. Some of the squirrel guys who's pissed off about the fact that I got a trip for a buck and a happy and go to home depot and get those things, those plastic. I don't need to apply for things. Okay, I need new toilets seat. And I'm not going to go to home depot just like this guy says, I'm going to go to my small neighborhood guy. Kmart. I'm sorry, Walmart. One of those. I don't have no small neighborhood guy, but if I did, I'd be more happy to subsidize him. You know, for a couple bucks for a toilet seat. What's the big deal with the toilet seat? I think everybody in America should probably have two or three spares because the worst thing in the world can be when the toilets seats are seat starts flipping around. Like, hey, horrendous gross story. I shouldn't tell right at the middle of like a little after lunch hour. Vinnie's restaurant. We're in Hell's Vinnie. It's down on the 441 University. University. Just a staff at 595. Right, Vinnie's. That's right. Years and years ago, Bill Calder, late Bill Calder, his wife and I went to Vinnie's restaurant for dinner. And when the middle dinner and all of a sudden, I mean, I had an explosion. Must have been drinking a lot of bottle water or whatever. I don't know. And I had nature was calling desperately. I mean, I had to like, you wouldn't believe it. So I go to the man's room. I got a wall, wall scenario. All of it. There's two stars, both aquapado, both the somebody in there. And I'm thinking, oh boy, what luck I got. So I'm standing outside. I got, I'm not even going to wait inside because, you know, when you get close to the bowl, your mind starts sending messages. So I forgot better get out of here because I don't want to start sending any sublittle messages to my colon. Like, oh, no, no, not yet. So I'm standing outside the door of the restaurant of the restaurant. And I'm like, you know, got my legs wrapped around each other. And I'm like dancing from toe to toe. I'm doing the dirty bird is what I'm doing. Right outside the restroom door in Vinnie's. I mean, I'm thinking to myself, if they got a glory hole in there, I mean, whether there's something going on beside somebody taking a, what's going on in there? A long time goes by, a long time. Finally, finally, when I think I'm just about to lose control, the guy comes walking out. So I go in there. I make, I mean, I made a beeline and I landed or shut, flip that little activity. I sit down on the toilet seat and, what? toilet seat goes flying off of the bowl. On to the floor. Yeah, seriously, the seat was broken. Like, mine at the house. Now, thank God I didn't have an accident because that would have been, I don't want you to conjure up the image. Okay, it took close to lunchtime and we're working on dinner later on. And we've watched you spend a lot of money at the Mcerrine on food tonight. Can you imagine my life just flashing and flushing before my eyes? After all this time, I mean, I have this unbelievable desperate human need to perform a bodily function. And the guy then twirl a seat goes flying off. Here's a pepper pine, hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Great. Yeah, you know, you're talking about like all these athletes and I thought that wouldn't, you're talking about gastinol, also there was another guy Joe Kwecker that used to do the little dances with them. You remember that? Yes, yeah, right. Okay. The purpose moment thing. If you're staying at the Mcerrine, if you're staying at the Mcerrine, do we enjoy a clicker together? I'm sure they were the same guy. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. You talk about these moments. They were the certain type of underwear? Yes. Did they have a hole in the back? Like for when they do that exactly. Do you never thought about that? I mean, really. I mean, the hole he underwear, I think he's got a one-on-one hole in the back. And one hole varying sizes in the front. Yeah, a speaker on that thing subject. Talk about toes. He's not really like that. Yeah. Maybe you know the interest. When you go into a bathroom and you see that the toes see down, but there's, you know, kiss all over it. What are you supposed to do? I mean, or knows, you don't want to clean it out, right? Sure. You do. You wipe it off. You could, I mean, you take this, you know, with your hand. Not with your tongue. Not with your foot. You reach over your own little toilet paper. You cleaned off. And that's it. Yeah, but it's under like some germs and stuff like that. They had adding. Oh, okay. And in your bladder, what is that all about? Okay. Well, you know, I just want to make sure and stuff like that. I mean, if you look on a seat and it's a little more serious, then I would say, run for the hills. Have a great day. Good morning. We have two open lines and Broward one in date, five six seven five, sixty pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. What the hell is life worth without a toilet seat? Here's Miami, hello. Any, how are you doing? Great. Did you, uh, do you feel isolated on a manage? I, uh, sports, I've lied to the, uh, dirty word. He did one? The dirty bird. A man, no, a man didn't do it. Yeah, the man, no man didn't do it. Yeah, the man didn't do it. Please, please don't tell me, man, he's did the dirty bird. That segment at the Mad Dog, somebody after me, when he went ahead and did it on camera, or anything. All right. I've lost, I've lost my faith in the human race. I figured, I, I, I'll only sure if I'm going to tell you not when I figured I need call on the middle. That was it. I haven't, haven't happened with you in YouTube. I didn't. Nobody in this crowd's watching channel 10, huh? Man, it's the, the dirty bird on TV last night. Oh, I'm saying, this is a substitute for the event itself. We had to fabricate and create all this other assorted nourished kite foolishness nonsense crap because the real product itself, basically, is crap. Now, you just a party pope or nails, you don't understand. We're having a lot of fun. We're having fun with, okay, great. Oh, 130 and 560 WQA. This is Randy West, and they don't come any better than me, or Neil Rogers. Hey, no, it's time for Christmas party gifts with Senator Tess. When arriving at Christmas party, great to host it. And if you'll offer you a treat, if the host is nearby, then that's okay. Why you, everyone, that's off of now. I have to go out and I'll get you out. This is better. Christmas party gift. Christmas is over, I'll get you a jackass. That wasn't the one I was going to play. I was going to play like a Senator Tess Neera. And now it's time for it. That's their Ted's New Year's party. I go fan that, it wanted to be noticed at a party. I'm going to be, uh, this one over here. It's time for Senator Tess Neera's party. I find the break the ice. You have to let the ice up. It's a hugely failed break. Down the front of a dress of a new bride, young saying, if sitting next to you, that's one day. Hey, let me have my head. Hey, my head. Hey, my head. Hey, my head. Hey, my head. She's a playing hot to get. Another new year's party gift from Senator Tess. It works for an auction in the bars. Well, thank God the president never inhaled because if he would have inhaled one puff of marriage, you win, he we know that would have disqualified him from being president. Because we know that presidents certainly don't drink no booze. Do they drink? No, you bet. Senators don't drink, do they? No. Thank God for the even a Kennedy's. The JFK ever take a drink. No, he invited. No. Thanks a Lord for that. Two open lines today because we know that a lot more people die from marijuana. You're in this country than they do from drinking booze. No. Two open lines today. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's North Miami Beach, shallow. Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I wanted to, I remember seeing that memory of the Maritama in the sugar bowl game, where the tains were losing, running for a touchdown and hot talking the last ten yards and having the ball pulled out of his hand, where they ended up losing the sugar bowl because of the entire kite. It blow. Yeah, I don't remember that. I think it was 1991 sugar bowl. Huh? Let's have the sportschokes. Tell us what you want. Okay, all you experts out there, let's hear about it. Thank you. Thank you. How about a Josh Friedman? Let's hear it. Yeah. Oh, you're right. He's probably not even in the control room right now, but we're going to have another break for like 15 minutes. He's not even there. Joe Costello is paying at his pants and laughter. Josh Friedman's not even in the control room over there in the other building. Much less is he, you know, anywhere they can give us some sports information. He's not even listening. He's too busy watching press conferences to see which coaches are going to quit today in the NFL or get fired or both of you both. What do you say? What? No answer? 140 pounds. Lamar Thomas did 140 pounds worth of funky chicken, dirty bird. What do you talk about 140 pounds? What? He's not anywhere near that. This is unbelievable. What a scam we discovered today. At least Joe Costello smart enough. He's been able to cover it up the last 12 months. Josh Friedman with his lunchdown is what I think we did with his two or three meals down over there today. You know what I see, Joey's purple, purple not red in the face. He's purple in the face he's laughing so hard. Boy, oh boy, you talk about, what have I said here this year? Two more days Wednesday will be our one year anniversary on his show on. Okay. And you talk about a solo job, even the people over there at solo sex never did a solo job like this has been. God, here is Miramar. Hello. Hello, New. Yes. I just like to talk a little hockey here. I remember the three age and signings at the beginning of the year everybody talked about Gary Shooter and Ron Francis. Well, what about Curtis Joseph? I mean, wow, what a pick-up. And I was just saying a great pick-up. I mean, it really turned around Toronto. If you look at Toronto, that's not what turned around Toronto. It helped us a lot. Well, yeah, I know. In a real coach turned around. Well, correct. Great. How much of tremendous young players like Mike Johnson and the Frederick Maudine and Alan McCauley? Parasin and Mr. Gay Burrison. That's what it helps. The only thing he's Dallas aches. Anytime you have a solo cousin injury. Well, okay. All right. That's cool. I'm just going to ask Mike Crawf is injured. That's the only reason he's playing his stuff. I was just like the same thing with Tampa Bay. Anytime you have to jail Samu from as you defense. Who got problems? Could jail? Could jail? Could jail? Or jail Samu. I guess I think you. Okay. We have an open line at Broward to a date. Five could jail Samuels who can. The jail. Could jail? Even Josh Freeman knows that ain't could jail. Okay. Right. Josh. Absolutely correct sir. Okay. Thank you. Just checking. Five six seven. Five sixty pound. Five sixty on the mobile line. Boy, I want to think you can't complain about the hockey knowledge in this. All right. By the way. I don't want to get. I don't want to start knocking anybody. I love listening to Hank out of the way home. Which thank God. You don't put that frog on until four o'clock or whatever day it is. But putting Denise Potman on the talk about hockey will be like putting the head of the NFL officials on to talk about officiating. Okay. I mean this guy. He made it. He was a great player. He knows nothing doesn't have any of the foggy understanding of the game of this team of anything. I mean it is so unbelievable. Denise Potman. I mean you talk D f. Physician shouldn't be D.P. It should be D f as in dumb frog. Okay. I mean this is what this man lends to those broadcasts. But you know, I'm sure Hank appreciates it kills a good hour of a week. A lot of proof for his ears. Yeah, we know Dennis. I mean this man lends absolutely nothing has no understanding of the Game of anything. How this man was able to play as brilliantly as he did all those years a hall of flamer. And still not even have any grasp of what it's really all about. That is shocking. Open line is Broward 2 in date. 5 6705 60. 560 on the mobile one line. Here is a Jupiter. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Marius Chocoski. Winged for the island. Very good. Marius Chocoski used to play for. Come on. You can name all of anything. Boston Bruins. Right. Played on 400 teams in the last four years. Yes. When he played in Poland as a resco to go. He used to do a back flip on the ice. Really? Yes. I went out with him. Boston at the time. You didn't do no backflips in Boston. I'll call that. And then make sure he did. In fact, I think that's when Fred Cusker can't have a repair was Fred tried doing a back flip on the ice and that was the end of him. I think so. All right. Neil. Thanks a lot. Say how to direct Sanders. And by the way. We have an open line of day. By the way, that's why nobody showed up at the bronze games because they got that constipated Dale Arnold doing the games on the ice and Fred. Fred Cusker could be 100 years old. They still ought to make it come back. Come on, Fred. Even if he can't see where the ice is. We'll bring you back. Let's get bloodlinks in Fred Cusker got there one more time. Come on. You've got a hand. Here's Tamara. Hello. Tamara. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a new year. And same user. The earlier caller about the sugar bowl game. Yeah, about Lamar Thomas. Correct. That was against Alabama. And it was George T. He could call him from behind and speak into the ball from him. He wasn't celebrating that day. He fumbled the ball on the drive-ass net of the end zone. He didn't fumbled it. It was pulled from the end zone. He had a knock-to-way because he was doing his ad. You can never return on the way to the end zone. Yep. He was all real confident. He was going to get there. Oh, my God. Yeah. All right. Good. Thanks, sir. Okay. So there's the update with Josh Friedman was miserably unable to give us a refuse to give us. We have an open line in the day two and a row or five six seven five six to the and pound five six the animal boon. So we have a couple of people who are not going to be able to give us a couple of people who are not going to be able to give us a couple of people who are not going to be able to give us a couple of people. And I know more than today what is wrong with you people back at the good old days. Let me head audience on his show. Norman's probably all that one of those big conventions. You know, like in Vegas. No, sir. It's the all the more good of Vegas. It was good enough for Donnie and Ree. It must be good enough for all the more. And you bet. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six and pound five. And I had. So I used one feel so bad about those orthodox with their stupid beanie that they weren't. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, the dirty bird tales and insumificance compared to the. The clip I saw on. Uh, uh, uh, NFL. Time. Last night. Anybody talk about Mike Dick. Yeah. Yeah, a guy. I had forget it was. I don't know what was the same thing out. But I got the touchdown and you see him. He's the only guy in the frame on the camera shot. He gets down on all on a tanzanese. And the end zone there. Yeah. And that's the only three guy lead frog over him. Four guys. We can't let that. Okay. Thank you. New Orleans. We've had 600 to a fraction and calls about that. Right. Thank you, sir. Open line of day one and groward. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on a mobile one line. That's out of control is what it is. Nobody cares about it. I don't know either public enjoys it. And it's, you know, rising the taz and, uh, you know, whatever. Like I said, compensating for the fact that 90% of the teams in league are in our embarrassment. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just listened to your show driving around in Miami Beach. One thing that you think about the Mavans fan first. What do I think about him? Yeah. He's an asshole. He's an asshole. Yeah. Oh, I thought compared to Benny Potter and they were going to be popping. He's a genius. You're absolutely correct. Okay. No. He's okay. I enjoy him. He's kind of a fun guy. He's usually, most of what he says because he writes in a hockey news, you know, most of what he writes usually turns out to be crap. And like the Panthers had the big year three years ago. He didn't want to give us any credit. So we kind of harbor a grudge against him for that. But at least he, you know, he knows the game. At least, uh, yeah, he really knows the game. Yeah. Well, I mean, how can you compare the telecast, the devil's or the island or telecast to the author broadcast. You know, when we got a dumb frog like Denise Poppand on there, how can you compare his comparison? Beyond guy, the young guy in your broadcast is pretty good. I forget his name though. The young guy, the role being reporter, he's usually done by his amboning. The young guy by the zamboni. Yeah. He told you, he does your studio shot in all that stuff. He means the gold steam. He got, yeah. That's what he said too. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. We have an open line at Broward to a date. And we're going to make it till two today. It's been pretty miraculous for a Monday in the, uh, 20th of December. We actually had a little bit of response to that enough to much. I want some more men's on his line. The next 15 minutes God dammit. I want some more men who've got the guts to come forward here and explain to Joe Costell what being a moment is all about as far as that damn underwear is concerned. Otherwise he's going to walk out here today thinking that was just making it up. And of course he'll never hear your answers in future days because he's going to be pulling a Josh Friedman and watering or on the building. Well, that Josh man, that was really, if I would Josh Friedman, I'd be embarrassed. But of course when you know, looked away, he used to win the smell like that. See, look at this. The bells, the magic bells are back again, huh? Don't tell me this isn't some kind of a communist plot. Where where is that coming from? What is that? It's got to be on the ISD and line. It has to be. It's not coming out of the board here. Joe's looking on the ceiling. He's looking on the walls. It's about what the fourth time that it we've been hit with this. Oh, it's getting louder and they're parking him out. It's Bell South again. Okay. Bell South is parking with our ISD and the final line. They should have left. I'm going to be doing it at the game tonight. Didn't be doing the dirty bird in the funky chicken. I'm going to be doing my Bell South sucks. Listen, now we hear the shout of a phone ring and listen to this. Maybe this could be good. I'm here it over here. Huh? I don't know if you're going to hear it. It's not on the air. It's just in our thing over here. We have a little problem in our thing. 14 till 2 at 5.60 WCWM. Are we getting more men's on the line yet? No. Come on, let's go. Oh, you do have a moment. Oh, thank God. Okay, hang out with me. I'll be right to you. Bill's the cards in my neck, a sign-up. Would you let's dial the gigo? When he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. But as they're guarding her vagina, she's all mine. It works for lotion in the basket. Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror. And an again saw the sun's theater box means to her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. I've been in here with work in heart late nights in the olden reopens. Working on a practical job. He took a massive noodle, put in exploding, loaded for money. Oh, it's blowing rings up small. Bill's the cards in my neck, a sign-up. Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. Gotta say, got her in her vagina, she's all mine. Poor people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of my husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the Lincoln Batroom she was morning, morning. And now door was too in her with bills both on. Bill's the cards in my neck, a sign-up. Oh, she lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. But I'm still in the vagina, she's all mine. Oh, can't do anything. Yes, does matter. Oh, yeah, the vagina. But she got a fool with tickets in for real. I put in a friend. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. One, five, six, you double your crimes. We all got back to this dirty chicken funky burger and all this other crap. And that's not really the issue here. That's just a symptom of the whole syndrome. This is a duke and a jive and a high step in the hot dog. Hot dog is the word that comes to mind the phrase that covers this very nicely. Thank you. Hot dog. Oh, that's, but that's showmanship. That's like saying that step infected that their routine was showmanship. All of it was perpetuated very ugly and very sad and tragic stereotype. But in any way, and the, and the damn woman, I guess, Pete and his magic underwear there in the hung up. Just when I was getting ready to go to him, he disappeared. Here's highly a hello. Hey, how are you doing? I took a quick thing for you. About the hot dog and stuff with athletes. You're a smart guy. You know, you know, a lot of, okay. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to a Western. Hello. That was one of our chronic aspects. Go ahead, sir. Listen, I'm embarrassed for the United States. You mentioned what people think when they see what is like this outside of the US. Hey, listen, when people outside of the US read about the fact that we're impeaching the presence because you got a couple of blow jobs. You know, the rest of the world is looking at us like we've lost our mind as if we ever had one. Yeah. And then you got the NBA lockout. Yeah. You got them. Yeah. The port port slippers. Right. You know, the owners and the players, both of them. Because you got to blame them both. Okay. And you know, what is, you know, what is wrong with this country? What is wrong with this country? Yeah. We have all the people that the priorities are totally upside off. You've got a television. You've got two generations of people who know nothing other than what they saw on television. And you've got people as brains of turn to Jellow. Listen, Neil. They really believe that these guys are worth this kind of money. Listen, that this is their idea of entertainment, what life is all about. I got news for you. This craft, this garbage that's so called professional sports is about as important as a turret and a punchbow. Okay. And the lead frog is only the tip of it of the iceberg. I mean, you know, and it's everything underneath. Yeah. It's what we don't see. You know, what we don't see the these players are doing off the field. All types are getting arrested. Well, that's why everybody should go out and buy the book. Those are the ones that are going to have a great news. Okay. Here he's back. The moment of West Palm Beach, yes, sir. Neil, how are you? Right. What was the question my friend told me I'd better call you? Well, I can't believe he only normally got a listening out there. Boy, our audience must have all disappeared because we used to get zillions of clothes. Joe Costello doesn't believe that Mormons were special underwear. Of course we do, Joe. Well, I tell him what it's all about and why in the... It has to be... Yes, the... Oh, for tragedy. Absolutely. Yeah. In other words, if you were the only one who can be chased, you will. You know, the word of, I guess, maybe being a little less obvious. If you want to ask, let me ask you this. I mean, if you're just wearing ordinary clothing, does anybody see your underwear? Well, sir. Mark, you want more about modesty. Yeah. One question on every... What was that, to wait emphasize the filter of the naked human bodies, isn't it? Well, just being modestly for the fact of being modestly. Not quite as the way that used to be when it was originally found.