You know that. Yeah, I know that. You last night when you were probably home, you're thinking What am I gonna do to boost my aesthetic show? Yeah, you're probably my pathetic show that I'm For telling you all that the guy who's on the phone. I listen to every day right Pardon me. I said my pathetic show that you listen to every day Oh, no, but don't don't cut me out. No, no, just just think that I'm not cutting you off But I'm having a conversation. Why do you why does some of you people just like you got blinders on like you can't hear what I'm saying to you Listen to this show every day. Why don't you admit that? What does that have to do with it? So how do you know how do you know about the show if you're all listen to it? You've been clippered. You sound like you've been flippered What did you want to say What did you want to say how many times you're gonna repeat that? What did you want to say? Is it teasing the Meas unlike the restaurant that you go to where you have to don't bother your thought the black pepper To get a taste We we we're selling it on me Yeah And I want to say I wasn't happy with the price of peanuts. What does that mean? Sir, I have a suggestion for air listening sir Yeah, okay, I was going to come to jerk port, but I think he already is I serenate my meat Oh my sin go back right and he never my pathetic show. I'm gonna go stuff my rate like I Invented this massive crowd that we had on the road last night and I was just salivating I was just sitting there Pulling at the box. Oh, this is gonna make great material tomorrow right the stress level on a scale of one was was Infinity, okay. That's how bad it was just praying that maybe eventually sometime before next sockets We might wind up at the arena get to see the damn hockey game But I just invented it and I just am an evil person who may occasionally jerk pork Yeah, hi, now. Yes sir. Yeah listen I hear you thought a lot about you're rating and I've listened to you're soon out for a couple weeks and And you don't like it and you're still listening well. I'll tell you the truth I mean it's the same old stick every day Yeah, you're making sure why you're listening for really good You're on a call of and critique and keep talking and not take a breath. Do you want to have a conversation or do you want to make a speech? I just want to I want to say that you want to make a speech or do you want to have a conversation? Let's have a conversation. I'm listening. You have you talk about your ratings But let's face her. I have never talked about ratings because I don't have any ratings on his station That could I have a radio long time a couple weeks ago I heard you say you got the early returns or something was not did not those were ratings for the rest of this station They were not ratings on this show because the ratings for this show didn't start to lead the January And we won't have those for another two or three weeks. So your your miss your miss can the destroying if I can use that term What I said but the reason that you're saying that your ratings are going to be good It's because of your shell. I say sir the ratings for the show the ratings for this show at night time The ratings in a morning the ratings are going to be good because of what? If they call you follow the first so the ratings of the midday show that preceded me on this station Where the worst ratings of any show on this station and they followed the first team, okay? Okay, so let's come up with your next car to make me stir. Let me ask you how come I had big ratings of IOD for nine years And we didn't have the first team on our show was it because I followed Mike Reniri? Well, I didn't listen so I don't know also you don't know. Okay, and you also don't know about here Because we don't have any ratings for this show yet Also, how was one so people to an attend to more and also let me say it again when I was an IOD when Hank was working there He was on eight o'clock at night so you're telling me people to attend the morning because Hank was on eight o'clock at night Well, the last thing I want a wide-dueless Nothish show sir. I want an honest answer. Don't give me this but bull crap that you don't know what you're talking about Why do you listen to this show? Crust this out of the week. Okay I'm gonna tell you don't it's because every time you open your mouth you're brain fall out Okay, yeah, yeah You're a little bit more. Congratulations. I'm delighted that you enjoy it pal Because every time you open your mouth falls out and we're enjoying it too Do y'all I have our ratings because I'm follow the first team you should live so long pal and because Hank follows you and because Hank is on after me That's very good logic. You're hired paddier to our new PD here the new fluffy Lindsey. Thank you Lucky stars You have two shows to profit you up like that's right. Thank the Lord. How did I ever make it to IOD and Zeta and W Snoeze all those other stations Without these guys to help me along to give me a walker My aluminum I do and I was on here talking about my ratings which aren't even out yet So you have no clue what you're talking about my psychotic little friend Go back to your play girl magazine and leave us along. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello Yes, sir. Great show. Yes, it is you know sports babe, but hey, what are you gonna do? Thank God you drive a silver vet with Pancar plate. No, I don't okay pass well. I thought maybe there's you not me. Yeah What that guy he called about man? He said hey, basically I had a right man This is a thing I'll out about what Frank was saying to that woman up in the room so but um I want a bang in the butt honey and then another one too and then the other one like oh my god You're beautiful yeah But The oven tops are right, but it'd be like you have an laughter actor George laughing the background just get something You're nervous. Well, I don't I don't agree. I mean I realized they can do too much of that stuff But I it's just part of their show. There are a lot of morning shows where they do that Hey, how are how are you showing they had all those people in there with them? They do the same thing There's a habit of some people yuck it and up in a back Yeah, I don't think it's a bad Bob of top well just some reason. I don't worry about that I worry about whether I like the material or not and whether I think it's funny Now whether somebody else is laughing at it. Yeah You're well, enclosing you know how come they can say kiss on the other show and you can't fit Okay, we can't say what we can't say piss on a show. I didn't know that and now Let's see we can say it is an honor or a verb or a adjective I don't know how to hold we can say we say whatever to help we want all right if managed can come on and talk about Banging people in the butt we can say whatever to help we want to bang in the butt In fact, I'm gonna start wearing a Josh strap and then you'll be amazed about I'm gonna be able to say please don't give you a word Oh, no my queen God that damn fact. I can't stand it Yeah Oh Oh Are you I got the ticket exactly out of my hand I'm gonna make it you already Oh I'm all through save of babies I can do anything. I want to do I'm so good woman And I'm gonna be good talking you under the castle I'm a rapture I can't I've got the boy I've got the power to hold in the throne Oh I love you Where are I? I'm a way to get your own show I'm a station out of my neighborhood And I don't care if you're waiting alone Just as long as you can stroke me though I'm all through save of baby And you'll do anything I want you to I'm your consultant woman Baby, you're not in dire you I'm gonna boon you I'm a union I'm a good star I'm getting a real job That's why I'm a consulting Cause I'm just as Oh So what is a water save of any house? I had one in my mouth one So Bill Tannig gives me a card from water save of from some of my broadcasts is meeting that they just had And it's from save-o media It says Bill you are truly one of my heroes signed the WS Isn't that boy I put that in my I put it right in here right down in there It's a good place for it. Okay, let's go to a lady in the Hollywood Hello Yes, man. Is Neil? Yes, it is. Okay, a couple questions for you Go right ahead. Okay Is it true? No, I'm a first time call I call Jesse me hung up my please on your house Why did I hang up on you? You must have been up noxious I said it's cursed when I didn't mean to Oh, okay, don't do it again. Okay Um, is it true that you always have Jewish bag? Yes, you are. Yes. It is true. Uh-huh. And what's wrong with a beautiful Jewish woman? I'm a Jew. So what does that have to do with it? Are you a Jewish die? No, I'm a Jewish female. So do your thing honey. Do your thing. But I don't understand. Do you understand what? You don't like Jewish women at all? I don't like any women from a sexual standpoint. Do I do not? I'm a fact. Do you understand? Do I have to draw you a diagram lady? Have you ever heard of that before? I mean, I know Jewish women tend to be somewhat repressed And like in the dark age, but have you ever heard of a bag? Do you know what that is? Yeah, but all my friends are good baggage. So what do you ask me the question for? No, I don't understand. I know what you have no material is that it? No, I have a material. Well, that's here it. Okay. Um, you know, number one, I think Howard Stern tries to be like you. Yeah. Number two. So how about I say do you have no material? Can I say, Liz? No, you can't. No. Don't ever put that bitch on again. Can you believe this? You're late. You are so pathetic and it great. Thanks me back to the days when I say, well, we have no women called. They were the women trust me. We have someone in listening. Listen. Would be a good idea. If you have something, we would say like, once in a great while fine. But if not, don't press yourself. That's a fucking bitch. Exactly. Don't push it. God, almighty Desperate. And she wonders why I don't like Jewish women. Talk about a rhetorical question. God, here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you I've been listening to some high school man. I've been about seven years. And here I am. I'm still here. I love you man. I love you. I just want to thank you so much for getting me to wake up and open my eyes and realize that Religion is a bunch of crap. Congratulations. I was watching that thing about last week how they executed that woman. Yeah. I don't know how your stance is on it because I just got a class I didn't hear you earlier this morning. But I mean, hey, look, she killed somebody. It was a quick report of law. She had due process. They found her guilty. They sentenced her to die to be executed. They executed her and now life goes on. And women want equal treatment. Well, there you go. They're executing men and go ahead and execute some women. Amen. Like they'd do, but she called about three calls. I say, five her eyes before and run midnight. She sounds like a real idiot. And you know, I don't think she has any gay friends because she says, Bagus, she probably doesn't have any. She probably a bull die. Probably got blow up thousands of rows. Have a nice day, Miguel. I read it there. When you're looking to make your next election the survey we took last week, which most be lied about by the way, but there you are. My things to presidents of fact because he likes to oral is moral. But in any way, getting back to this week business, it's nobody's goddamn business. And I'll let you to tell you a performance at the office on the plane, the older bit, some stupid goddamn sport in the snowboard. Whatever the hell this guy is riding over there. This poor Canadian bastard, this camp we got in Gabriotti, whatever this guy's name is. He ain't no people who street are from Canada. Her name is Sandish Merler. Sandish Merler. I swear to God. We laughed too hard last night. I thought I was going to pee in my pants. What I heard on this scene is they were talking about Sandish Merler, the woman curler. And she's from Whistler, Whistler, Whistler, and some guy that plays, oh my God. Oh, and you people are taking this seriously. Any of you? Oh, man. Sandish Merler, the lady curler from Whistler, Whistler, Whistler, but she ain't got nothing on pickaboo street. I'll tell you that. Who is almost as good as I, I be hip or whatever that the coons name was. That basketball player from Maryland. Over junior, whoever the hell he played for. Nobody cares about whether Joccer anybody else is smoking weed because all this audience is. And they're second time to be in drug tests. It's like this is some kind of a like a police state. Oh, it is. Sorry. Tony, that for years, it's a guy damn police state. They're going to give you a drug test because you're going to work in Walgreens or something. They're going to give you a drug test to be sitting behind a desk somewhere because you're the executive vice president of a bank. That's got like 75 customers in the Pocci New York. They're going to give you a drug test based on what? That's like the frickin' ward police. We got out there at the FCC that the Congress gets together. Jesse Holmes and all these other Nazis and they get together with these old prudish parts. And they just make up a list when you can't say this. Yeah, based on what? Well, we said so. Oh, that's great. That sounds like the American way to me. That sounds exactly like what the founding fathers had in mind. Founding fathers who the hell were they and what, how about their score in your Olympics? They grew hemp. The founding fathers. Yeah, they were smoking the rope is what they were doing. And they were also doing the slaves, the slave women. But we don't want to talk about that because that's a bad. Let's go second hand. We've heard of the dangers of second hand cigarette smoke. Now we got the dangers of second hand marriage. We need smoke. But to get you to qualify and lose your metal baby. And they'll stick your eyes out there on Ticoboo Street. Here's a mobile and poor Lotto del Hoh. Hey, Neil, hey, don't. Okay, sir. First, I think, X-ray did play for Marilyn. I think so. But who cares? Yeah, about this drug testing thing. Yeah. Where do you draw the line? You say it's okay that they smoke marijuana and they... That's why I draw the line. Marilyn, it doesn't affect somebody's performance. It doesn't enhance their performance. And people are like I just said a minute ago, I'm going to go on stealing money and robbing banks in the 7-Elevens and gas stations to get money to support Marilyn Wanahabit. It's ridiculous. Well, that's your reason for not touching it because why they did this. What is your reason that you should test for Marilyn Wana? Well, I'm not saying that they really should. I'm just saying it. I don't think if they're going to test for one, they should test for all. I don't think they should draw one of the things. How long have they tested for nicotine to see for smoking cigarettes? The cigarettes aren't illegal. So, what difference does it make whether it's legal or illegal? Like I said before, in the state of Florida, any sex other than missionary position and man and woman is illegal. Okay? So, should we arrest everybody? We're saying really going to people's bedrooms and fight out of anybody's doing it in the wrong position? No, I don't agree with that. So, what difference does it make if we have a lot of archaic stupid laws? Who's businesses it if it doesn't affect anything or change anything? What difference does it make? Well, then it looks like the problem is actually with the law. Not the protection for Marilyn Wana. I mean, I think they should, I think they should test for Marilyn Wana. They're in, I think they should test for Marilyn Wana and the NBA. Based on what? Based on how? Because I think the jobs to the way with as much crap as they possibly, they get away with too much. So, in other words, it's only only jobs smoke marijuana. Is that what you're saying, sir? No, but that's what we're talking about here is where the testing is done. You brought up the testing in the NBA. They test in all, look, it's all a lie. If you go into a plyhora job in a lot of companies in this country, not just sports in any kind of endeavor, government job, they have random drug testing, you know that. I hope. And based on what, what is it there business if you're smoking pod? I don't know, maybe they're afraid of a job performance, maybe? I'm not really sure. I can't really tell you why they do it. I'm just saying that if they're going to test for what? How is that going to affect your job performance? Well, you mean you smoke marijuana the night before? Yeah, exactly. Listen, I'm not giving you an answer for why they do it. I said that. But we're having a discussion. I'm not asking you to justify it. But what? I'm always the smoking weed that'll affect your job performance. I'm not saying it will. I don't say that. So that's the point. Well, like I said, I think it's because they're going to test for one. They're going to test for all. I don't think that if you say, okay, well hey, it's okay if you go in smoke marijuana. We're going to test you out for cocaine. Son of a good thing. You're not seeing a difference between hard drugs and marijuana. You don't see it. Okay, get a new phone, sir, and call me back. I'd be delighted to what debated with your phone blows. This guy doesn't see a difference between cocaine, which is a highly addictive substance, which affects people's personality and behavior. And in many cases, causes them to become dangerous. That is correct. Trust me what I tell you. I have known people who become totally changed. Personality change are untrustworthy. Those people most of you don't want working for you. If they're really addicted to cocaine. If they have a serious crack problem or any other kind of a co-problem or heroin. Chris probably the night they had some broad on their one-day, one of the tabloid shows last night. The night before he croaked, how much heroin I've heard of heroin and coke and fish food and whatever else he was doing. All together and vodka on top of it. Just didn't get a wash it down. You got to wash it down with some good vodka. That's right. That's what Boris said. Bad enough. It wasn't bad enough that he was doing a heroin but he was doing coke too. So he's dead Chris Farley there you go. But I mean this guy comparing, I mean, y'all, yeah, the other getting away with enough is it. Who cares about that? Why don't we get all upset if they're beaten up their wife and their girlfriend? Why don't we get upset about that? How come nobody gave a crack at the Jimmy Johnson sign-up Laurence Phillips who's not about a goddamn gangster? How come nobody cared about that? But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not. That really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana. Not when he's going to be beaten women up all over the place. What kind of mentality we'd be talking about in this country man? We're talking about people who just they can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples. Emotional cripples. And this crap about the NBA is going to do pot testing. David Robinson, Sizzou, yeah, we should all subject to it. It's a no brainer. The NBA is an old way. Okay, it's probably been literate. What it is, David Robinson. You asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. He's on fifth all. He's on fifth all. I'm listening. Okay, well anyway on the second half smoke with the marijuana. I have a bad who basically could not smoke because of the government watching over him. Yeah. And he enjoys burning every couple of times. So when he went to get a mandatory, you know, this stuff. And he came back positive people. His vision office. Like, oh, no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking. The production office or K-Chamel bunch of, like, as a... I got a great bit for Bulk and Brian by the way, to the tuna second hand row is second hand smoke. But anyway. Go ahead. Anyway, he says that the British office is here in a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke do you have a being exposed to for you to come back positive for even a minister or not? You'd have to be in a room that was fogged up for a couple of hours, you know, constantly breathing it. Yeah. And I mean, if you smoke pot in the past at any point, if you like to smoke that stuff, and you're in a room, and they've been smoking for two hours, you're going to tell me you're not going to take a hit or whatever. And I mean, no board. So, so let me ask you something good. Well, I don't know, wait a minute. Oh, I want to hear this about snowboarding. Let's hear this. Oh, I mean snowboarding and the Olympics, who is not going to think that these snowboarders are not hot at it? Let me help think of all these guys so much. Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot. I mean, they are good. God. How about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me. Of course, where there's no sense there's no feeling. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're doing the old grade. Uh, I have a question. Yes. Have two questions, and then I want to see them on the bus. Uh, how come you can't get ice cream like Italy? Can't Italy. The saturated ice cream in Italy. The lactose, sir. Jolato is not ice cream. It's Jolato. It's made you doesn't have a lot of cream in it. It's done. All that chalk and artificial graphics made from all natural stuff. And they don't make it here. You know, once in a while, a place will come along and try to make good Jolato. And even if it is good, the public tastes here so bad because the busy, and briars and sealers and eaties that those places a lot of business. And I, I mean, I don't come to the ice cream, but I was eating it every day. Why is it? Hot. And I came to. Hey. Uh, and I have a question for George. You can't just have this commercial called beef field extreme watches. Was this voice on it? Yeah. Oh, I thought. Yeah. He apologized. It's so seriously for it. And the fact that the answer is, the answer is, the question is, if this guy would have been a man, they were illegal to smoke pot. What were they going to say to the guy? Well, you know, it's interesting because of Merin that now that is a good point. Merin wanted it. They were just saying on CNN that Merin wanted it is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal, but that it reverts back to the country and the laws there. So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player, a person I play in a soccer and the winner will have it. The Dutch competitors are ice. I think that's very fair. How do you like that? How do you like them green apples, huh? Those green apples. Why say that this guy, this, uh, Gratiano, or Greg Gabrielle, I say you should move to how Amsterdam would be a good idea. Hey, there you go. At least you'd have a good time. And as far as I'll address testing in the workplace? Yes. So they can figure out, it's a lady in the drug test use a moment and know how much you've had at that for typical moment. I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do with my house in my car or what I do at any time that I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours. Not the rest of my day. So that's the bottom line. The next thing they're going to be doing is fish food testing. Hey there you go. Yeah, why don't we just sort of be able to see, uh, let's say your fact. I want you to test a C.M. which food you've been eating? Right. Exactly. I mean, what do you draw the line? You know what I mean? Right. Let me get a cute tip and check this woman mouth. Maybe she's been giving more of sex to somebody in the parking lot. I know you're talking. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Sounds like a job he wants. I did that one time. I'm about 15 years old for outstanding selection of Italian. You were eight. So anyone? Let's do a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. Neil, can't disagree with you more about the pot. Yeah. I'm an ex pot addict from the age of 15 to 25. Yeah. I'm telling you. I was more digging than quotes than any of them. Yeah. I'm a little bit more digging than fish food to I bet. Correct. You're digging and is pancing other them. Better take a sample by the way. Before we dump 389 substance in the middle of about before we say they've followed small to throw into movies just small to be on. Yeah. We had sex with small before anything. We need a pot. We couldn't do it without pot. Yeah. A lot of my friends are still on the list. Let me ask you this. As much as I found upon people who I like obsessed with pot because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day and I think that's a life. But nevertheless. How do you know that? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. How do you know that the green stuff that looks easy and I mean how do you know the effect of your life? It affects it at tremendously because it's open the doors to and you're going to think of some jokes and open the doors to cove. It opened the door. One box gave me. Yeah. Yeah. So once you violate your body. So I guess you better never have a beard because I think you're going to be bottom. I never like here but I'm telling you it affects me in the workplace. It affects me driving. I had a lot of eye. But the argument that it's the same argument is you better never have a beard because then you're going to become an alcoholic and you're going to start drinking. You know it's sticking vodka bottles in your pocket. I mean there are always going to be people that might know what you're talking about. They're the old gold stains of the world are going to go out and eat until they get to be 500 pounds. Does that mean we should outlaw any foods that are fattening? No, no but I you know why change that up to kids of my own now. And there are 14 and 11 and they're getting to that age where I remember. I don't know what I want to say better stop. Yeah. No, no, no. I stopped a long time ago but I'm saying now I'm overprotective. I thought I was the bringing there to home. My parents were like George, there were refugees from Cuba. They came down here. No, no humans don't smoke. We didn't know that. They didn't know any better. They were working 14 hours a day. I was alone at home and all my friends did it. And we did it. I'm telling you. Yeah, I didn't know. They didn't know anything. But I couldn't disagree with you more. I was told to inform it and I hope. I don't think they can come to the final. You know something I know that when I go over to Holland man every time I've only been an Amsterdam about 30 times when I go over there it's a miracle that the country can function. You know it. Well, let me tell you something. Well, we're on it. We're less aggressive. Sir, let me ask you if you ever ever been to Amsterdam. Never been to Amsterdam. Well, get on a plane and go there. You might learn something. There's a pot addict for you there. Boys and girls. There's a good lesson for everybody. He's obsessed. It's like the fish food addicts. I say we go to publics right now and may enforce them to take a whatever freezer container because we have fish food addicts already. And those people are going to kill themselves on our craft because they're out of control. And let's post down every bar because we got alcoholics. Let's bring back prohibition. Baby, let's put him in everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch what's his name. Jerry Springer. He'll do about 20 shows on at this week. Sex addicts. People who can't get enough. They're doing it. The NBA. They want to do drug testing. We got a guy a Canadian. If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever it was. This guy may lose his gold medal because he may have actually inhaled a little bit. Or may have actually smoked a little bit. Or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it or not as the case may be. And they thought like a little trace in his uh... Scored Scored. Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now because they, you know, suit a fit. What else? What else can we test for in your system? Definitely have fish food testing because we know events your blood sugar will go away up and you become irresponsible and got only knows you're going to. You're not fit for driving. I wouldn't be surprised if they stop your street corners. Now it's stop lights and they do on this spot checks blood sugar test. You know they give you that little pin prick if I can say that. And uh... Yeah, look at my finger tips. Man, look at all those pin prick. That's right, we need to add a pedic. They add a lot of pin prick on the tip of your fingers. But at any rate. Yeah, they're going to be starting to do that spot checks on street corners now. And if your blood sugar is like over 250, but yeah, you're going to straight to jail. You're on menace this society. You're going to kill somebody out there. Airline pilot before you get on that plane. Make sure he didn't have no fish. We'll be for each of us. Here's the sick one. Here's the QAL. When it's going to pop. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. I've never listened to your show before. But I was just confused on why why it's illegal in the first place. He's taking his is a lot of the person. Is there a because this is a repressive society in which we live. Let me say it again. These are cancer. Sodomy laws that are in the book. And most states in this country in which anything except they face the face missionary position sex between married male and female. What you're laughing about it is okay. But it's true. These are tick laws on the books because this is a country of hypocrites. A country that's living in the stone age. Because we got a bunch of old funny studies up there. It's who don't have the balls to be till these are kids. Who's the laws that have no place in a civilized society? Well, the marijuana case, the report of the National Death. It's the ability to practice and run it the last 20 years. But let me say this to you, sir. The idea that the federal government, listen to this. The federal government can tell you what scene you can plant in the back yard of your home. On your property, the idea that the government can legislate that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to be... ...in-explicable. And are you with that one? They've always helicopter waste in time because people are growing a few plants in their bank yard. In the meantime, up the corner, kids are shooting themselves because Daddy left his six, six, six, six, two, two, three in a row. And everybody in their brother and his countries running around with a goddamn gun. But God forbid that somebody's growing a few plants in the backyard. We got the helicopters going overhead. Baby, we're going to catch you. They are the pop police are there. You maniacs. Just like in a... ...loatward and hell I do with that. Local section is morning. Here we go. Businessman or sex per veer police. This Arthur van Morkkkerken, whatever his name is, Kirkken, Jirken. Ran a six million dollar prostitution ring. How do you like that? In Fort Lauderdale. He had 50 willing on their payroll. Their names neatly lined up on a magnetic board. Underheading such as Bloms, Grimets and Orientals. The clients more than 20,000 men. Between West Palm Beach and North Miami. You'll pay a 180 bucks in cash or 200 by credit card. For acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes. So who the hell gives a crap? Probably ran a clean operation. Probably not too many people getting no diseases. From that operation, probably headed on the up and up. He's going to jail. Everything in his goddamn country is illegal, man. Everything is the forbidden fruit. If we can say all in a court, that's so. Forget that. Talk about a fruit. Forget about that. Everything's illegal. Everything's immoral. Unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it. Like Dan Rolmer, he's doing it over there. And like Bill Clinton, of course he's doing it the lesson right. And which we like in a lot more and respect him because he's getting it. That's okay. But if we're getting it, then of course it's evil. And we all go to jail. Chuvan Island on acceptable. On acceptable. Your brain wash baby, what are going to go? Just wake up and sip a little bit. And the flowers too. Brain washing. Goody two shoes. We have to have a drinking age. We have to have a, we have to have an age for everything. A smoking age. In other words, when you're 21, it's okay to get yourself lung cancer. But if you're 19, then you're not old enough to make that decision. Just like this crap about the age of majority. You know, most countries, what would it just is just a matter of opinion. Most countries, even some that we consider very backward. The legal age for the consensual sexual acts is 15 or 16. In this country it's what? 17 for heterosexual acts and 18 for yes. There's a different age for heterosexual homosexual acts. Of course. Or is it 18 for both? There's all these gray areas. I didn't say gay areas. I said, what's well we'll find out. What's state you're in lies in the prone or what's the most? If you're more than two years older, you can be 16 as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over eight. Well, it's an item. So in other words, if a 19, you guys bang the 16 year old chick. He's in violation of laws that were your sanctumate? Something like that. Isn't that ridiculous? Yeah. Isn't that absurd? Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Merry Christmas. Back to you happy circus. Yeah. On that front of tuition ring the guy's from my wife, and I bought a lot of them. No big deal. There you go. You're right. Here and up for us. Yeah, you got it. Another thing on the front of the pot. My own business. I drugged him. I don't have the application. He brings drugs, man. I test. I ride. Oh, all right. See you at the track, pal. Where we certainly know nothing about drugs. There's your kind of boss, George. Oh, we had that. Oh, yeah. He wouldn't know what to do with him. As in... Happy farm! The frog, all that. And I think they want to kill one. Hey, no! The hood of the track. They cut me off. Go and down. You at one. Hey, no! Oh, pure crap. The kind of ford it I bought it doing 22. Here with them, crap. So watch out, frog. Cause I'm coming after you. Yeah, I'm gonna smile. Yeah, I'm gonna run you down. The game. You're better, so to turn. From me now, you're such a fairy-tie. You're a little bit spook. The wager knows there's no tip to not. Oh, pure crap. So doesn't keep French and the frog is here. Hey, no! Why do you put it? But when the check comes, you can read English. Hey, no! Go and bark. Yeah, we know about the game. But do they have to be so cheap? Why, my cute frog might get all the way to Florida. Go, sir. Go, sir. Why can't you just stop at South of the border? Go, sir. We don't want you. From the feet to the touch of scarry tide. Hey, no! We're just good. We're belly-doing over and the fendic poll time. Wow, are they fair? I wish they could go back. I can't take it anymore. What is summer coming? Oh, help them fair. I figured I'd drive in cross-talking. There really was a time when I was going to drive in the country and pick you driving across the interstates. I stopped at one of those stufies or stuckies or whatever they're called. Man, talk about packed with glam with bad taste. Although I do like some of that candy, the peanut frills, okay? Never have the nut roll. Yeah, when it's hooked out of my hand. Didn't roll too far though. Here's a coconut girl, hello. There's no facts and clover. Yeah, that's what I hear. Hey, Neil, do you remember a couple of years ago? Maybe one or two, a guy was driving down in 1975. He was depressed. One that had come to suicide. And he jumped into the pub with a six-pack. Driving down in 1975 the wrong way. Right. Yeah, sure do. Stuff like that that makes me think. I don't understand why alcohol is legal in my one is not. Right. I was saying my smoker. Good point. Real quick. I think how much we need would I have to smoke for the same effect. Think about it. I want to go to take it. Real quick, Neil. I heard you all songs about tongues. Religious tongues speaking in tongues. And that kind of gave me a flashback. Yeah. My mom used to be a pentacostal. And I grew up. And I remember seeing my grandmother, my mom, and just like talking in tongues and dropping on the floor. I would just sit there and giggle. You know, I made no sense to me whatsoever. Anyway, real quick, Neil. It's enough to give me the Hebe-Dubies just like that. I think you were strong one. It was for the Panthers. No set-through. And I got another one. Please let me sing it. Okay, go ahead. Okay. I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber. God arrest it for a bag of red hair. I'm the good old dream to play be ball with all the drugstreams. I'm Chris Weber. Call it time out when I got sprayed with pepper. My eyes are mean. I bought a couple drugs of visees. I'm James Brown. I'm James Brown. Neil. Yeah. Including the fact in the church. Yes. Please, could you play all the sticks of brown? All the sticks are brown. Where are you guys coming up with this star? I heard that in the long time. Well, what am I 60 on the mobile one line? Here's Miami Springs. Hello. Yeah. Hi. What's up with that? It was a call. It was a call. It was a call. It was a call. It was a call. It was legal. It was legal. But I don't smoke marijuana. I haven't done since college days. But this poison? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And that will kill you. It's got warning labels on the can or whatever you're buying it. And you can go into any story. You can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And you can go into any of the other. And the other. Or buy in any. But of course. Or go to other. people every day, there are people puppet on a bag gets right now who are going to croak from lung cancer and infosema and we've warned them and we've warned them and we've had all those craggy voice guys the guy that used to play Hamilton burger on perimation with El was his dinner that I'm talking about dying from lung cancer and John Wayne and all these other big macho guys that are croak and if you you know they tell you that and you still want to smoke then go ahead be my guest and enclosed just don't blow it in my face that's what the Monica said they're putting on cigarettes exactly all right all right what are we getting all worked up about just because we realize we live in a country where our freedoms are very limited we have a bunch of we have a bunch of asshole sitting around deciding what you can do and telling you what's good for and what's not and then we have some idiots who go along with that who want to be manipulated but if you want to be manipulated okay go to some fascist guy damn place go to some companies to kind of go to Cuba for crazy go live with today else tell you what you can do and what you can do go live with a pope you'll have one hell of a time nairman go live in a Vatican under the watchful eye of the cardinals man I don't mean stand musiel you won't be able to do anything that's fun because they're busy do we take them all up themselves hi thank you for calling dick vitals hot sex lie cost us five dollars per minute for dick's most intimate fantasies press one oh baby it's me big dick vitals and you know what I like oh yeah I think you know I like balls balls bouncing all around me oh baby that's right golf final full play and then I like to think man yeah to take it to the all the game again and again hey don't hang on the rim big guy and don't build between you like baby I'm not through with you come on let's see if you can calm these balls oh yeah the sun's believable you're all world baby drive my lane baby drive my lane come on come on post up behind me oh yeah the clock's running out shoot shoot shoot oh I'm believable it's going oh now it's going yes yes yes