Carpay to the papers this morning, trademark litigate loses and wins. That's right, Howard jury in a very peculiar thing. They gave Carmax $50 million and said, well, even if you didn't really actually steal her a name, never to less, so you still have to pay $50 million. So, Republic of Stalk is down there in the crapper in the toilet. I'm gonna have to cough up $50 million if they go to a toilet, and who knows what's gonna happen. But nevertheless, we like it. It's a good omen. So anyway, Susan this morning calls in on a worse team. One of the very few calls. And Susan says, what are these rumors I'm hearing about you guys going up? Keep, I want you to follow the logic of this, okay? The rumors I'm hearing about you guys going off here on this morning's show, because if I listen along time and I love you guys, no matter what my listen, about to beat, not to blow, but to my, and of course, I never listen to the rest of the stuff. Certainly, those are what listen to the hands. And I wouldn't listen to that, that what's his name? What's his name? How do you like that? What's his name? So again, like I told you many times before, with some of these sports nerds, I don't even have a name. I'd like Greg China. I'm like Greg Effing China, baby. I don't have a name. We're gonna have America record a new song, a host with new names. With no name. What's wrong with that? In fact, there's what there's one for Boker Bryant, a host with no name. So the tune of a horse with no name? Great song, by the way. Whatever happened to America. Oh, yeah, a lot of people were asking that question. In fact, if you try to watch the TV show on WAM, you're probably asking, whatever happened to America. Whatever happened at the days we could turn on our TV set, and expect to be able to see and hear whatever the program was on a year. I could easily do the rest of the four hours, which would be another waste of my time, because nobody's watching anyway. And if you wonder why nobody's watching, one of the reasons is, probably these days, the main reason is, because they can't hear it. I flip over there at 10.30 last night after watching the Leafs play, I call them again, get pounded by Pittsburgh, or anything, which again could have been 10 up and forward per Kojo, but nevertheless, I flip over there to it. Well, I watched the show tonight. See what they do. If I got the chicken on my head, if I got the propeller beanie on my head, which I had both. And it was a pretty entertaining show. If you could hear the sound. And again, it's, Hey, I did it. And then, of course, when you turn the volume up, the hum. Like I've told you before, even Monica never perfected the old hum job, like they had it when he meant. The hum gets louder and louder and louder, to the point where I was in the first 30 seconds, they know that anybody nearby mind's going to shut it off. And the interesting part of this whole deal is that there's still when the spots in the promos come on after the segments of the show, the audio is perfect. No problem whatsoever. The problem being that the handful of sponsors that they have on there who are still crazy enough to be bought spots on that show, they're being sucked into violence of eye advertising on a show that nobody could watch if they wanted to what, because you can't hear the sound. So, you know, I, what, what can I say? I mean, I've said it a million times before. I can't say if you're in accuse anybody of deliberately sabotaging, but it's got to be one of two things, either the most in it because the finished product that they sent over there from here is perfect. The video is perfect. The audio is perfect. There are no problems on a product leaving this building going over Lincoln Road, but somewhere in the transition, with all that multi-million dollar digital equipment they got to stay in the art over there, and they can't get the sound on here. Only between 1030 and 1100 o'clock at night for Neil at night. They can't get the sound on here. Is there a problem with the sound on sports town? No, with the, with the, with the, with the, Kepasa USA? No, with the, generation NIA, and he problem there with the sound? No. But when we got Neil at night on air for some bizarre peculiar reason, we can't hear the goddamn show. So like I said, it's either got a video. It's a bit of a bit of a negative attitude, or it's got to be that somebody over there don't like me. Do you want to think that's possible, do you? Uh-huh. Because it's interesting that this is technically, we had back at a beginning of the technical, which is on all the shows, like, but I never disappoint. Air every night you get that big hum job or you want it or not, which, hey, that's the American way, you know, to go on with that. So I just thought I mentioned that in passing again, just like, LeJay Tosh said in the exercises. I mentioned that only in passing, father paranoia, answer the question. And as far as paranoia is concerned, I'm going to tell you, I could do it in the next 75 hours on the Murrays. Terry Murray and Brian Murray, like I said, it's the same person. There's only one Murray. And the disguise is like Park Kent. You take the glasses off, it's Superman. You put the glasses on, it's Park Kent. You say, stuff like suck at anchets, Terry Murray. You say, shuffering, shuffering, shuffering, shuffering. That's the only difference. It's the same bosom. Nine minutes after ten, five to ten, five to ten, five to ten, five to ten. That's your, you know, shopkeeper, you're a, yeah. Ray, what the hell's up here? It was, I told you. How is Napoleon confident that we know? No, dammit. Ten perteen to five, sixteen, WQM, how are you doing Susan? You know Susan's out there right now. Yeah, I would listen to that, what is name? What is it with a women in this town? Stoppy, nasty. I'm not saying all of them only about 80%. Misurable humorless, obnoxious disgusting. It's a radio show. Okay, it's just a guy named radio show. I wasn't going to say anything. There was a guy at the hockey game the other night at the Friday night game when I was like the big star and I should have been because nothing else was going on. Of the MSGA, nice call there, Chris Moore. And how come so none? Commit a lot of morning show this morning. You know, that's another thing. They also don't admit that they listen to show. And I've been told on very good authority. Default listens to this radio station. That's just this show 24 hours a day. Non stop in his sleep. He's got the headset on. He's listening to Eddie K over night to get the morning line on. I've got them basketball game. Arrow three minutes of the day, he's listening. But somehow they didn't hear the fact we played Chris Dean and Moore. And that cute could embarrassing worse call in a history of sports dancing on Mark Messier six on Rth Gole. So they play the car this morning and then very non-committal I noticed by the way. Not just guilty, but even the other two guys all of a sudden lost both their pair. It was the ball this show on there this morning because nobody ate to go well. That'd be it. But it will be out. They're afraid I guess Chris Dean and Moore's going to show up on that show again. Like he did last this season. And all of a sudden he defaulted everybody else read of course Gellie. You didn't have to be ball hangra somebody beat them to the job, but nevertheless. So at any rate speaking of the Panthers, this is, you know, it's very sad. It's been sold them in my life including last year's future season. Have I seen anything so uninspiring, so disorganized, so embarrassing. And when Terry Murray and you are witness, when he came in here that one day, I met him for the first time. I said on a year, good guy, like him. I went over to the Mac Arena that third time to see the give I guided to her the place of the joint. If I can say that and took me down to the offices, there was Billy Smith, Posh offices sat down, had a little chat with Terry. Good guy. Good guy. I said again, I bought primary dinner that night at the El Molino implantation. Good guy. And I still say good guys, but there's no anything. Are they doing anything that makes any sense? Here we go with the same bull crab. And I'm going to predict it right now. Because I watched that Pittsburgh Leafs game last night. Pittsburgh Tully dominated. It leaves it all due to play a bad game and they did. But Marty Strocker played one hell of a game for the Penguins last night. Kill and penalties. He's out there blocking shots. He was dynamite. Saturday scores two goals in that game had another goal that they thought he had. But the credited to somebody else could add a hat trick in the game. Saturday. Hell of a player. Doug McClain didn't like Marty Strocker. So Doug McClain wouldn't play Marty Strocker. And then every time he did play him, if he didn't score at least ten goals in that game, he'd sit him out again. He made it impossible for him to play on his team. And just about then ended his career until Pittsburgh gave him another chance. I foresee that Terry Maurice got the same deal here with Ray Whitney who beyond any question. Last season, question. There's no debate. Every statistical category goals assist power play goals. You name it. Virtually every category scored the goal. To give the Panthers the win. I'm looking for statistics here. Victor Coslov's got no point in the game. No. No. No. Golly Lindsey. Nice here. No goals. No assists. Minus 3 and a plus and minus. No points. Sit in him. No. I'm going to predict you today right here on a year. That Terry Maurice will do the same thing to Ray Whitney, unfortunately. That Doug McClain did to Marty Strocker. When I took up my paper this morning and read benched Panthers to make return against Red Wings and Robert's fail. He'll be back in line up and Ray Whitney will be back but on the fourth line. On the fourth line. On the Goon line the check-in line with Dwayne and Peter Warrell. I'm saying to myself, this man has got to be crazy. There must be some kind of a thing in that family. You take your hearsay team that can't score. I went and saw two games, two long-pond risk games in three nights. When did I scored one goal, Friday, getting to the season was far away. The worst team in the league to finally fired the Espresidas and getting their act together. Other than scoring four goals in that game, if they scored more than two goals in any other game. No. So they need scoring out there. They need people who can stick to puck and net. That's what the game is all about. Allegedly. Especially when you have mediocre goal-tending which we've got. In spite of the fact we were in that season. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. No. Of course not. I'll be right up. But when I see that they're taking the best player from last year. And because maybe he didn't play great on Friday night, but who the hell did. Now let's make an example out of him. It's the spike game all over again. That's what we're going to do for some reason. I don't know what to deal is. Robbie Neetermeyer, who must have naked pictures of the Murray Brothers doing each other with a goat in the middle. It's got to be it. That's it. Rob Neetermeyer must have pictures of Brian and Terry Murray doing it with a goat. Do it a three way. Gotta be. Let's take a look at his statistics. Six games, no goals. One assist, minus one plus and minus. And the assist again, like I said, coslost standing all alone in front of it. My grandmother could made that pass. To set up that goal. Even though the announcer is trying to make a big head. Robbie Neetermeyer. Yeah. He sucks. He can't get the job done. He's at a disgrace. He's a highest pay player on the team. No. He's skating well. He's doing it like a loss. He's like a lost puppy out there. And has been this is a 30 year in a row. Did they try to get rid of him? No. They desperate was Brian Murray psychotic over the fact that Mike Smith and Toronto didn't make the deal. And that we didn't get Felix Pipeman was Brian Murray psychotic about that. You bet, cos I was there that he was talking about it. He was pissed off, baby. He was a little bit scared of the coach Terry Murray quoted in the paper a couple of days ago. If it takes Robbie 20 games to get his act together, he'll be in there every day. And we just keep putting them out there and plugging away. But the guy who produced a best a pleasant surprise a miracle for his last year. And by the way, how many of those goals run to powerplay. And this coach decides, well, he don't want him to play the point on the powerplay. Because he's too small. He's too little. It's part of the fact that all the goals he scored last year at a powerplay was planned to point on the powerplay. We got a coach who knows better from everybody, but I get the feeling he doesn't know what he's thinking about this team that he inherited. How could he not know he was the coach of the flyers early in the season until he got his ass kind over there. He was the coach in Philadelphia. They played us many times. He should have some idea who can do it on this team and who can't. In addition to which when your brother is the general manager in coach of the team, most of the last season, don't you think you've come over here and have some idea of who the guys are that can produce for you and who the guys are that are going through the motions. We're doing the S.A.T.K. in the Moosee skating routine that's centralized, skating figure rates, auditioning for the Olympic winner skating, give me a freaking break with your Terry Murray. Here we go again. Build up a nice $183 million arena with problems which we've talked about to Lumblul in a face. I'm trying to get them all straight and out for you. So far doing a pretty damn good job if I say so myself. But like I said the other day, now all we need is a team to play in that arena. That's what we need. And we got all these other guys that were desperate to get rid of that note that nobody else would take. Please take them. Just we don't want anything of return. Just take them and pay them their salary and we don't want to receive them again. We got like six or seven of those guys. But here we go. Bryan Murray takes the top score. That would be like Matt Sundeen plays a bad guy for the Maple Leafs. plays a bad game which he hasn't so far by the way. But he will. Does stuff here everybody else does. And Pat Quincy is hey Matt, you're sitting out the game. What next game. And then you're going to come back. We're going to put you on a check in line with Chris King and Ty Domey. Hey, is that they would run them out of town on a rail in Toronto. They'd say if you lost and I'm not saying that Ray Whitney is Matt Sundeen. But I'm just using examples. Who was the best player on whatever team it is last season? And this is what we get. This is what you pay their fifty seven bucks or whatever it is. Every guy's in game and you're ten dollars to park and you're twenty dollars for a food or forty dollars for a food for a got a family more than one. So that we can go out there and see a bunch of again. And I'll be there tomorrow night. And I'm going to tell you, I may not be here if there's the or Friday because I may have your tea. I'll have Larry and Jydus. Because my seats this year are instead of behind a penalty box. And this is what the guy in the house is like they used to be the other joint there behind the bench and even though I'm 16 rows away. I'm going to be screaming, I guide them. Longs out at Terry F. and Murray is what I'm going to be doing because you're a pose out Terry. You're just like your brother in drag. You're a shyppleton. At least put the guys out there who can produce for you pay their guts out. Can anybody accuse Ray Whitney and not give it a hundred percent ever in any game since he's been on it. game since he's been on his team. Oh, first night. But we get treated to the same guys who just the no can do guys night after night after night and we go out there last week. I could have read, you know, these two books I wish I would have bought them a few days earlier. I could have polished one book off their Wednesday night and the other one on Friday night. I could have been through both of those great books because I sure wouldn't have missed anything out there on the ice. Same old crap that we get treated to here in this town. So it's one thing to be a nice guy. It's another thing to have some idea what you're doing. How about Bench and Robby Needemar? How about sitting in his big stupid medicine hat asked down on the down in a suit in the stand somewhere? Oh, and by the way, I just mentioned in passing like Lijay Cobb. I just mentioned in passing. Also, when it's one of the same articles by Mark and you notice the columnist, the writers in this town, they have nothing to say about this. They have no opinion. They just print whatever they Tom to print. Unlike in a real sports town where every column has got opinions in it. Senator Chris Wells has in place since March 26th and won for nine to 11 more weeks. Wells underwent surgery Friday to repair a three-inch muscle tear in his abdomen. This is the same guy that Brian Marie told us he'd rather have Chris Wells after he made that awful trait than Doug wait of the Edmonton Oilers who just signed a two-year contract for almost six million dollars. One of the best young players in the league who hasn't played a game for us since March 26th and even when he was playing couldn't do the job. They just keep lying and lying and lying and BS and you get wane with a Marlon song in a dance and they expect you to come out and pay a lot of money for that. Which by the way, I noticed after Hank said the story straight yesterday, very jackass this morning suddenly decided to hero. Oh, maybe the deal I could have go through who knows with John Henry. What a place. What a town. 1027 and 560 WQM also. For you. All right. Thank you Joe Rose aka Dwayne Stomp. Nice going. That was kind of like the end of our TV show last night. I guess they figured nobody could hear it anyway. So they just chopped up the end of it was like one minute. I'm with the beanie on the next minute. I'm not. It was like a chop liver basically. 1032 and 560 WQM don't forget our center one parents this Saturday have been in Jerry's Neventure from noon to two. Evan. I'm telling you whatever they're drilling. Whatever construction is right now. That thing is so loud. It I feel like somebody's got a drill in my home. It is I'm getting good vibrations and you're just from here on that to everything. Ben and Jerry's is near the rain force cafe between the MC theaters and blooming nails on the south side of Evan Tura. Noon to two this Saturday. Okay. Look at this board boy. These people pissed off and fired up. Oh, wow. Is of course not. We got one call on the board. 560 5060 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Hey man. I'm going to the to the new arena. Um in the bottom month. Um, I need to know the parking over there. Uh, which is the best exit to get into. Uh huh. I think try your back. Go. That's the one. That's your little buddy again. How would you put him on here? Even if it's our only call. Why would you put him on there? Okay. Your little stick boy friend. Get him out of here. 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line. Here's Wilton Manor. Hello. Yes sir. Are you real big with our screens here and what the man is. Uh huh. I wouldn't pile on me. I heard it twice. Uh with podcasts for Noah. He played your uh type of the kid playing with his Santa's there. Just a little spiral. How could he be playing that? Oh, the twice. I heard it once last week and I heard it again yesterday. Yeah. Well, won't help. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the fire report. Okay. Anybody out there want to talk because they would just want to do spy reports today. We want to talk about where do you park your uh thing in your. That's what we want to talk about. 560 5060 on a mobile one line. We got Drillin going on over here. It sounds like they're blowing a guy there building up. It sounds like we're in it in the Aladdin casino in Vegas that they just blew down that god. Not soon enough either. What a place that was. Here's a mobile in Pembro Pines. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. One of the few of you saw the article in the paper about the kids that college student that uh took a cat a caffeine overdose and died on a dare. Didn't see that. Yeah. It's in the day Sun Sentinel. I'm what pay what section. I don't remember about it my car. I forgot. I just I thought you loved that one. I think the dare. Yeah. Some of his friends really approximately 90 films almost the whole bottle. And he's dead. And uh, he's dead. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. That's why they call institutions of higher learning. Because your kids are going off there seeing what assholes they can be. How much booze they can drink. How many pills they can pop before they croak? Open line in day two and brown are in 560 5050 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to call you. I was at the game Friday night. Yeah. And if you weren't there, the only cheer that it got from a fan to fans will mess you up. Made a goal. Right. That's right. What a bunch of get deep. All and all the reasons I went to the ticket were given to me. Thank God because I wouldn't have paid for them. I like I said yesterday they should have given us refunds on a way outside the door saying we're very sorry. We hope you know we apologize for this and we pray it never happens again. Well, just he's short of the game. You give us all the reason to cheer up you're there. Okay. I'll be there pal. See you tomorrow night. Redweights. See here tomorrow night we're playing the two time defending Stanley Cup champions arguably the best team at Lake Detroit Redweings. And so naturally you want to put your best line up out there again. So it's going to be one hell of a tough contest and no question about that. And we got a coach on it and you know something the reason that this goes on in every aspect in politics with the fixed elections in Miami in baseball with the trade in the way to hold God the team and giving you the worst record in a whole all the way 54 and 108 after winning the world series. And now this thing that they're doing to do hockey team the reason it goes on is because they can do it because this is a place where nobody even says anything even for free for months I kept saying where is the outrage about what Wayne high-pinga has done to the mallon where is the anger where is the outbreak could I find it? No and it's going to be the same thing here Terry Maurice is going to absolutely decimate and we know not that we had that much to begin with to be honest with you except a couple of promising rookies but other than that so he's going to decimate with little hopes we hit and does anybody have anything to say about it? No as you will you just waiting for the steamer to run over your ass and keep doing it I enjoyed it's an S&M place I'm finally catching on. Dayd-Live's open 560 5060 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's Lake Horace hello. Welcome Neil yes sir. Andrew hey. Rue up some use my real name again yes please. Oh are you okay. Hey uh just want to thank you because you were talking about the sports book yesterday. That sports book like where you're back but the one with the uh the criminals oh yeah and there was a thing on Saturday night on uh no Sunday night uh sports extra on uh channel five up here yeah and uh the guy was talking to the author of the book and so going out yesterday to get it after work and uh so I get to uh one of those big book stores that's one of the selling your cities right they didn't have anymore they sold eight yesterday. How do you like that? So uh put your own in pros and cons the criminals are playing in FL. But yeah the author was talking about another story uh you talked about the one you talked my little old about Cornelia's Bennett uh about how uh I don't know if you're ready yet or not how uh yet this conviction of a being as wife or something yeah and uh you know the NFL's at the event again all that no when they often the book went to get the report it took a little extra three days because nobody had gotten it yet because they had to blow out all the names out and stuff. Oh there you go. So uh but another funny thing with that channel five thing I'm watching it I'm not that much sleep it's 11 30 and night. The uh broadcast you're talking about the uh top five and the eight people or whatever right and also you look like he goes I know what y'all are wondering how to can just take it all those FN goals. He said FN? Yeah Robert Durney is having five let's hear it for channel five. I'm right. And uh what the fuck you know. I got you on the phone and I'm talking to a while. Uh I don't know if you caught the uh sports report on the show this morning but uh L.T. who didn't do any drugs and he was off set up by the cops checked in the rehab this morning. How about that? But anyway but I sat on it and he didn't go to work on power 96 okay and you're having a great day life. Take care of it. See ya. We have an open line in day one in Broward 5 6 7 5 why am I talking so loud because that drill in us no seriously you start talking louder and louder and pretty soon I'm gonna lose my voice before the hockey game tomorrow night before I get a chance to cuss out a little TM get that out of here. Will ya listen to that the god damn building is shaking here the foundations of this join are like uh how what what can we just to play some music here like music of our lives huh there you go get out of this one of the very few things good you can say about the Tampa Bay area is the fact that they got stake in shake and they have uh and they also have even those little crystal which you know Wayne Arles is better but Wayne's only got one joint but any part of time you win you pull into a crystal you get 400 hamburgers to go and those cheese fries see that's one thing Wayne's got to work on get in cheese fries like they have a crystal those are good they'll kill ya but god damn are those good but anyway it's a stake in shake a long time fixture in central Florida and the Midwest is right away our stake in shake today Broward and Palm Beach counties do anybody make no chase no thank god we don't have those sponsors that make milkshakes do we do we uh oh thank god the chain which is part of the publicly health consolidated products hold it summer the company is scouting the area's top growth markets including candle adventura sunrise tempered pine cross brings in bulk of a tone and i'm sure that when they say you know or be a great place they can shake you know where the Boston market went out of business right across the street for me by my bank oh and guess what's opening right next door to there since every inch of land out there in uh peppercaine plantation acres and surprises being bought up and commercialized guess what's open and right there honey a denies am i gonna be in that great pie a denies no I don't think so how about those grand slam breakfast uh oh i'll slam that right on the floor with a healer foot no I don't think so but wouldn't that be great where the Boston market went out of business there what a shame i tried my best i spent a lot of money here in Boston market did it help but at any rate they would be a perfect spot for a steak and shake i'm starting to shake it about it here's a mobile and call spring hello uh neo yes sir yes i'm the one that called yesterday on the uh i'm a counselor conversation again is that it no no you you might have already just uh for a few thoughts about what uh why no yesterday when i got back this is yesterday this is yesterday no we're not the we're not gonna this guy wants to have a uh debate he wants to have an ongoing dialogue i hate you out for a long time pal and we're talking about other stuff today we have we don't know what it is but whatever it is it's other stuff she's this these these impudent people man and the things that uh you know get your own radio show okay you had plenty of chance to say your peace and now you want to be on I have another rebuttal okay rebut this a lot of day one and brown yeah many of times my wife and i would go to the steak or chicken or a lando right we'd fill out that suggestion card to please come to South Florida so i would just want to tell you the good news that there's a lot of it they've always been nervous about coming to a part of the state where most of the people have to gum their food they've always been nervous about that you know but i think what they're gonna do is they're gonna like uh give you a little glass with a fizzy uh substance and it's like soak your teeth while you're coming the food okay and the drive through hey one more one more other thing i see where our power forever jury gives car max fifty million dollars right i mentioned at yes great news from from our buddy Wayne even if it even if it don't stand up it's gonna make them you know i have sleepless nights which we like a lot and the fact that there's stock is in the toilet too you like a lot too no you can't do that okay we have an open line in brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one life see there's good news i'm not just the star post effect we got a hockey coach that's an asshole i'm not you know we got steak and shake coming even if it is not till next summer we can wait we'll just line up there right now well i think that would be a great spot i wear that Boston ice red brick building brand news spotless in there uh in fact really when you look at the cause if you're familiar you have you but and steak and shake or you don't need to me i mean we're just a little work on the exterior and the sign and the whole deal it's ready to go steak and shake oh yeah you know the thing that store is closed the one with the parking lot that we're gonna have to leave so right if you want to go to the question we've been working here at ten months and every day when i come to work i pass the the truck's sub shop right in the corner there we love your truck and and he's he and i make my turn on the four forty one and i see the sign that's his Walgreens coming soon now maybe they're right i'm there it's open it is yeah i bought these coughed up there how we supposed to know that it's open the sign says uh right by the park and my real slow like i did and now you don't want to try to get the car at least moving don't stop to look and don't make all four wheels come to a hole so the Walgreens is actually open because i was going to say that would be a great place for a steak and shake right next door just about oh here's a crawl spring hello hello there yes sir i had a bunch of things on a list here i wanted to talk about one with the steak and shake i can see one right here in crawl spring that university i can't wait okay i didn't just like that fact i think what we ought to do is we'll send a world to make down a list of locations and we'll tell them where to stick it we could do their work for them why should they look we tell them where we're gonna be and then they built them all tell them what's happening where to stick if you haven't by christmas time right um the uh uh the thing about way and i think that's wonderful right there's all about yardy got to stop but don't expect any great things to happen with the hockey team now because i've got 15 million on this uh i never thought about that that's right right i've got another reason another excuse one thing you never talked about i went you had for a while i haven't heard i wanted me to need a dash you get at the new arena is this silver fox there i have you know something other than mr. mr. is Howard Kleinberg who have the mispevency and anybody from the other side that i remember from the old 106 nobody and i look over there once in a while and it's a long you know my eyesight's pretty good and i don't see any of that crowd good guy who's thorac at marries who's sungrabble and baby the little bit of the fact that when people show up year after year they have a passion for they have a feeling for there's none of that here because you know they show up whatever to how they can get a ticket then uh and that's it i think i think because they you know it's right to why well i think i think that's it they can take a second this is worth 13 million what is McGuire worth what is so so worth what is Kevin Brown who's gonna be our free agent who's gonna be signing for a ton of my alighter is worth eight million dollars a year i mean he's a nice guy for things but alighter is worth eight million he's just what are we talking about absolutely good luck to his pal okay take it it's gonna be first it off that's right thank god that the station's behind those tickets i mean it's it's just out of control you keep wanting more and more of our money and and like last time okay i just watched the least in a pen when did a pen was played well but to be honest with it was a very boring game it was coma inducing and there have been so many of these rift i watched hardly a finished beat the crap out of the uh cololano again i was five of the first seven games by the way only one win Patrick frogs letting in the bowling balls are going through his legs for gold and the crowd is booing and screaming and when they're in Denver they're psychotic i mean the quality of the product out there is getting worse and worse and you can talk all you want well we're five and two the dolphin win win game the first three quarters you could have taken a book you could have taken a pillow and had a good nap and missed nothing i mean somewhere along the hill it would be like going into a restaurant where the food used to be really great and every time you go gets a little bit worse and a little bit worse and the portions get a little bit smaller to the point where and the prices by the way keep going up keep going up and the state that used to be 25 bucks now it's 50 bucks but they give you like a little tiny turd in the middle of a plate and say here you go take it or lump it and that's what they're doing what's for it and they just can't figure out why people get a little bit enchanted here's north Miami Beach hello north Miami Beach hello yes sir hey this is the first time so down the phone uh-huh lucky impression but never on the phone yeah i'd like to ask a question yes with anybody you have an idea why how many what drivers school bus drivers you know up black what happens is that man what does that mean how many how many school bus drivers are black yeah do you have any idea i have i well i counted my ram you know well wait wait wait you are counting here is a gentleman who's got a full rich life who spends his spare time counting the number of black school bus drivers and what number have you arrived at sir i have a very good i have a very good life what i'm thinking good wife between life wife yeah oh i've had six of them yeah what probably a reason the i can see now why easy to figure that out yeah right but so how many black bus drivers are there sir the i i don't know we just did i well well we'll take a poll thank you there there's our poll question today how many black school bus drivers do we have in town anybody know let's start count right now he's been counting them he's been counting them my good racer's threat who's been through only six wives and still can't figure out why oh my god woo heavy duty we have an open line in date 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line 10 two eight houses but waterdale all right this is T. Gordon Littie and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers founder the lord above his angry at what he's here at on the radio airways today all of us good Christians here at the fist fuckers association are doing our part and absorbing the evil sins incurred on the radio why every time we hear what we define as an obscenity we thrust our fist into a followers but like today for instance i heard the word crap you know what that means it's your turn Reverend Kennedy we must do the work of the law okay now it's my turn we heard you not to patronize the sponsors of these radio hey friends please visit our website at www.fistkingtristking.com and remember to fifth for jesus fair jesus fair jesus fair jesus right one more time it's 1102 at 560 WQM we have an open line in date 56705 here's north Miami hello yes sir that was the great call you had you ask call that was the best he's counting bus driver sir have you ever noticed how many Chinese bus drivers there are for school buses in the town you better get busy listen um we have a story that I just saw in sports center it kind of coincides to everything you've been talking about with you know alcohol and you know that book about the NFL player yeah there's a a Leonard Liddle who plays for the St. Louis Ram yeah the woman died by the way and in by the way we had the story wrong on this radio station we had the story wrong several days ago when he announced that all he was not under the influence of no charges of being filed guess what surprise yeah he was a little twice above the legal limit right now maybe he could be a school bus driver he is right there you go in fact an excellent idea there you go okay thanks for the good news all these all these dark complexed guys who just have problems baby who just aren't good role models for our kids well let's not make a role models let's just make a must drivers and sounds logical I mean nobody or you know every admirers the bus driver who'd all pay attention to bus driver and more to the kids resent them anyway because they're trying to like you know keep them in line so let's have all these guys driving our day and buss and then this guy to call to call to call to go he can start counting like crazy there goes another guy damn one right now open line and date county's line here's sunrise hello morning new yes sir just to work you're welcome for I can't you the extra sustain oh yeah thank you so much you're having a say I told you sooner or later I get around well I was patient I was patient I'm glad you enjoyed it I mean it was a very boring weekend because I was here in town so what else am I going to do I should thought tea I'm going to watch that damn thing and it was great yeah and there's a longer version available if you buy the DVD yeah which is out now but I haven't got a DVD play any good why but eventually maybe I was stuck in this put oh I guess you've got a greater claim to fame than the times well what whatever she was doing even it was like just a home video she probably had more viewers than than she's got now obviously that's a lot of course that news guys one thing if if you add all the different times that it's on it's like mash if you put all the times mash is on they probably got about a four share huh sure because that's four times one is four last time I check in fact if they would put us on 30 times we'd still have a because nobody can hear the goddamn audio so 30 times zero it's still that's right no it's in like I said why do I get myself worked up into a leather about these things they put together a pretty good show there until the very end last the night when they were doing the Joe Rose Duane stomping and chopping uh yeah they know I figure who the hell cares now by this time everybody's turned it off anyone nobody can hear it but other than that it was pretty entertaining I'm sitting there with a chicken on my head I mean we're else in America can you watch your guys sitting there making a jackass of myself what a chicken on his head probably a television first but was there anybody watching of course not you can't hear the guy dancing if you want to hear it and the homm keeps getting louder and louder and louder in fact maybe that's the idea just stick your on TV screen get a good home job there for the prices right and nobody cares nobody that and I said to Georgia this morning I need help I really do I need psychiatric counseling not as a person but as somebody who lives here because in order to survive in this town you have to be willing to lower your standards I'm not talking about being better than anybody also goody to choose but you have to lower your standards to such a low degree that you don't give a f*** anymore you just don't care like my good friends there pop at all park I listen I don't want to bore you with the because it's the pressing place to begin with but I'm telling you everything that I deal with practically in this town is doing and people that you're trying to do a job for and they still don't want to give you any copy any information it's like oh we don't know what you're talking about what are you bothering us for that that's the mentality in this time what are you bothering us for just dummy up in the ghost bend your money and have a great life and leave us alone but I'm trying to do a job or forget about we don't care we just go through the motions anyway no matter what it is like this radio station we got so many people are just content to go through the motions and if you open up a mouth you're a bastard I mean I know that there are people that hate me like poison is placed do I care no of course not I couldn't give a crap less and that's my big mistake you're supposed to be part of our fraternity you're not supposed to be trying to do a professional job stop making so much goddamn trouble and I'm not just talking about here I'm talking about it's like the thing with the panthers I haven't had one call here today on that not one not one okay did I give him a chance in the beginning you bet I said hey is a good guy I met him I had a couple of good conversations I think he's better new people think let's give him a chance and then we'll see him okay because he's a bozo taking our best players stick him on a bench stick him on a fourth line with a couple of goons on a goon line and then of course he's gonna be saying well it's not scoring well how is he gonna score when he's playing with a couple of goofballs out there that's like the leaf say but you know tie dome you're not scoring enough goals you're not gonna play anymore but that was that and these people are nothing phases them they're perfect for this town I apologize I'm the one that's out of place you guys you're in the right place those days when we have no guy damn calls at all that's perfect that's a perfect reflection of what this town is all about you can do anything to this community and they don't care they take it without so much as a whimper fixed elections I mean you name it drugs all over the guy damn place kids getting killed on street corners don't bother us with these things you're too goddamn negative sorry mister sorry eight minutes after a broadcasting whether was Camille Souser Senator water whatever charity was we used to get a nice check from the sales manager the program director which we did get blood thank you block you're the only one the only person and WQA who's donated a dime to our charity so far is bluffing Z. Does that tell you what you need to know about this place and how involved we are in this radio station I mean we I don't care what we said in that meeting on Friday and by the way I wish I had on tape we'd get a 90 share we just put it on whammy I wish I had that meeting on tape not the part with me and the Greg Reed the part with Norma Kent I just want to tell all of you out there including people who hate me like poison maybe the feeling is mutual I wouldn't wish Norma Kent on any of you okay here is a man the worst thing that ever happened to this guy is that he had a few of those shows on F.T. L and we really think he was in radio he thinks he was a broadcast I've been telling him over and over again you weren't even close to being on radio F.T. L was to radio what whammy is to television it's not even on the edge okay it's not even the same league it's not in the same business it's not in San Boe Kabilary it's way on the outside look it in and we're talking about the situation with a hurricane for example and about how the station is ill prepared to cover like the natural disasters hurricanes wars etc and maybe the way we ought to approach that and Norma to give you one of his classic lines says well you know like Hank could come on here and say there's a high fly ball to right field is back by and the wind is blowing it up because we got the hurricane coming part is he serious I said Norm shut up in fact if I could tell you how many times I said that during that meeting see one good thing is that I never hear from him unless I call him like remember you gave me that message you have the day from somebody who's interested in syndicating our show and I gave it right to him that was on Friday when he was here if I heard from him since I hear from him unless I call him first and I got a chase him down a waste my time anymore first night he is perfect for this time he fits in here like a glove just don't do it like Nancy Reagan would say it kind of like a take off on it no matter what it is fill in the black just don't do it and it won't get done and everybody will say okay fine we have an open line in date count the high fly ball to right field it's going and the wind takes all of it and it's hurricane filling the black and that's how Hank could cover the hurricane he was serious okay we're too a Miami hello okay sir I can't believe they actually paid Mike T.O. for $91 why not why not you got mark requires semi-sauce so they did a story on them can take up a collection I mean Tiger Wars has done crap I mean if I think it probably has a crap every now and then yeah take your shake I like it's coming down here for real that's what it says oh why maybe 20 locations by next summer well maybe we can call it through your two all right hey they bought out hardy so we can get that we can hit those ebonic burgers baby all right baby he call i burgers yeah okay have a great day good out here we have an open line tool of mandate County boy keep burning myself on these goddamn matches and pretty soon I'm not gonna have no fingers left 5 6 7 0 5 60 see that's got punishing you mister for smoking those goddamn cigars those stogies and pom 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a bokeh hello yes sir can I respond to what you said about the panthers earlier the morning uh this isn't one of our chronics is it no oh i'm in bokeh Ray Whitney was on there with Geldy between periods the other night of the Vancouver game yeah and I don't know what what did they end up paying Ray Whitney uh one practice every game he gives 200 percent he's a him because he's a big foot in a position being a little guy he has to try twice as hard as the bigger guys in order to make it because he thought his career was over when Edmonton caught him and then we picked him up and he had the opportunity made the most of it and keep in mind keep in mind that Ray Whitney accomplished what he's the last year on a crappy team I mean it's one thing to get those statistics on a hell of a team like Stu Barnes did plan with the you know Francis and Yager but when you accomplished it on a team where nobody else is doing much of anything he was like a one man offensive show for us on a team and he still is right well he can't do it on a bench and he certainly can't do it on a fourth line play with Peter Orrell in Dwayne eight you know to me Ray Whitney's the best forechecker we have on the team I see the pun. Wish you could have seen the two games that he played against the Leafs Saturday and last night Marty struck a he hit and he's on the number one line isn't it interesting Yarmor Yager who played great last night with Stu Barnes and Marty struck it that's the number one line for the penwoods that are playing pretty damn good yeah but Marty struck Chris Welch you got Chris Welch who hasn't played a game for the same since March 26th who's injured every day and who even when he wasn't injured before he got hurt with sitting in the stands in a suit every night and though we'd rather have him than dug away I mean these guys I'm going to tell you a story in Ryan Murray and Terry Murray we're in a real hockey town doing the things that they've been doing last couple of years they'd have been out of town on a rail on Tonya which is why they have been no not raised out of town everywhere they've been you know Ray Wittler all night Victor Coslov Ray Wittney and a couple of these new kids other than that is really right there's nobody to watch offensively because there's nothing going on we'll call the spokesman to get his finger out of it okay we'll do it shea the spokesman I you know something I'm glad I didn't throw those buttons away in fact I still have that cardboard sign in my car it says you know no BM we're going to have to get what I says no TM too because these guys are determined that they're going to be they're going to show what these guys they're going to get yeah if you're going to send a message to somebody don't do it by bench in the guys when the best players on the team do it by bench in the guys who are sticking the join out stick robby need a miles that you'll get a standing ovation if you have the guts to let Terry Murray but you don't have the balls to do it stick his ass on a bench and don't tell me how great he played against the caps on Friday okay one game don't make a career one assist one easy pass to a guy wide open in front of the net doesn't make a guy damn case for guidance getting to an half million dollars a year and isn't it interesting how they gave that negatively amount to ray would need and they practically took a mic down to arbitration and then like two or three days before and they only reason the only reason that they settled and made that deal with him before own arbitration is that caused the days before that mark wrecking and peer at two jongo those gigantic record breaking settlement awarded by the arbitrators and they were peeing in their pants that would he might get two three million dollars year if they went to arbitration so they said okay we'll do this and for my opinion Whitney's agent knuckles under two weeks there took two little money but let's punish the guys who are working for two little and who are working there guts out us let's punish them and try to make an example of them and the guys who are making a most money on the things we don't do a squat out there let's reward them by playing and put the stick in them out there over and over and over again I'm I'm telling you better be prepared for Thursday and Friday because after tomorrow night I'm going to be so horny I'm going to be a horse with a guy covered with a name we have an open line in date one in brown here's Davy hello Davy yes sir hey Harry okay okay yeah this is why I called you mentioned something about hurricane it's funny I was watching the cone doing 180 around oh yeah that's right channel 4 in channel 7 I saw a little bit of boring last night he's on areas got his suit on he's all where he looks like John Glenn he looks like he's getting ready to take off in the space shuttle and he don't need a shuttle but in any rate yeah he's hyperventilated they're getting ready for it to do a big good twist in a turn that's really not cool yeah I like to answer the old guy that's counting how many black school best drivers are yeah there's zero at full all school but there's are yellow but never thought about anyway hey hey what about those Chinese like you want to go anyway I gotta go jet Joe Bruce coming up okay see you haha haha haha haha haha haha we have an open line in date one in brown at five six seven oh five sixy and five five sixy on the eight that's the kind of people we have in this town are people sitting around looking out the window counting the number of black school bus drivers does that tell you all you need to know about this town yeah you'll bet your sweet bed acid does people with no lives that's why there's no passion here whoever heard a dead people have in passion there's no emotion there's no feeling there's no outrage there's no anything there's no good passion there's no bad passion there's no even mediocre look warm passion and I said he airvy god damn they have my life screaming and puking and yelling and I hear off of that you know that there's fires like screaming into a goddamn tunnel and you hear like in a bag yeah that's it that's what you get back that's the echo man two way in the media is this a leap out badly if five sixty w q amp boys this phone smoke at a one open line in brown all three and day again I guess everybody had decided to take some time off and go out and start counting school bus drivers yeah let's take a pull on that what do you think let's not go out there in a corner standing on the corner watching all the school bus drivers go by and taking notes five six seven oh five sixty pamp five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's call spring hello hi Neil yes sir are you doing buddy okay how can we look for the boxes if they're there's cops on every corner hiding behind the bush yeah yeah so a rucko boy don't annoy on the boy to just go all the way in the Murphy stock okay great whatever you say the Murphy's we have that that's that was our hockey call right there the Murphy's suck okay brim Murphy and Terry Murphy or hi Gassumatu he's talking about talking about gritty is he had a thing so there's what I see that's why you can't discuss anything in this time because nobody knows what you're talking about they have all those people that show up and I keep asking that question I really don't know why two open lines is did a lady mobile in West Palm Beach hello lady mobile in West Palm Beach long gone okay like I said George's over time to go home we'll stay up we love you welcome Miami all you've finished this out there baby the average average death the average person driver about our lives it's been for at least ten years nobody told me I mean this is this is just unbelievable it really is five six seven oh five sixty are you follow me my given these numbers two phases that the problem five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I must be missing something or and I've talked about John Glenn is he too old yeah we already know that I keep every time I see John Glenn I TV I get oh that sounds he's coming into my mind oh just like that I don't know what that means here's a West Palm Beach hello hey Neil it's right it's what right I'm with Palm Beach I have something to tell you that I've been seeing on the television you know MCI commercial yeah when tabs may be in devil when it's been around in Michael Jordan Tillton hey you know you pay too much because he used MCI to the AT&T yeah and these are the words that he says you know but we know that tabs may be in devil that's the game it but he says Bagus maggot have you heard that no I have not yes if you can get back at magnets Bagus must be talking to Liz Taylor tell her Liz all about it okay two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty all three and day like I said 72 open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line if you can be as good as that last color then save it here's a mobile and boi and beach hello I'm trying um to hear about the pictures of Dr. Laura on the internet about the one there's pictures of Dr. Laura on the internet you know somebody facts me that stuff and I found it's very boring oh I got the Laura's very boring who cares about Dr. Laura yeah well I know you talk about it once in a while I just figured it'd be you might want to check it out no I don't think so thank you okay we have an open line of Broward to assert they're searching they're reaching they're grasping they sure I want to talk about it and the stuff I talked about so now they're all searching and reaching I thought the by far the most stimulating call we had was about the black guy you just school got a bus driver right let's hear it for that guy you know something and you guys thought that he was bad but at least he called that's something I'll say for him he made out of head much material but he had the courage of his own god damn convictions and his six X Y's here's for Lauderdale hello hey how you doing know all right I probably we doing okay there for about now and a half and all of a sudden we ran into a god damn brick wall I can't do this thing with Whitney is really it's so annoying right you and I must be the only one who cares there's nobody in that whole crowd that shows up Erbie home game nobody all seems to give a crap they've got no opinion I mean he was the hardest worker he makes plays and guys like Don Yee Kanye is this about five open next either my half a sleep out there and they take Whitney out yeah yeah and then he's gonna put him back in on the significance of that what is he gonna accomplish out there playing an online with two goon and he'd apply maker and as you know as anybody who knows about the game even a little bit the fourth line plays very little during you give so how much ice damage you gonna okay thank you so much what do you say he said shut sound like he said something else we have an open line in Broward to end date of his line wow if we hit a Ron here and you're here today no sure haven't here's Miami hello yes sir I was fire report for you yeah I was passing by T.P. Park this morning at 850 yes and they were like 200 buzzers so clearly the air above the stadium yeah couldn't imagine what was happening I thought that Mr. Heizinger that expired because of the 50 million judgment well what it was is that the parking lot there had garbage a mile high oh my god yeah and the buzzers were just circling over that neighborhood I can imagine that the residents in the nearby community must be agar they must be agar yeah maybe this is what's idea to get them all to move out okay we have an open line in Broward all of date five line we were rolling along signal song here don't just find that all of a sudden that was it somebody pulled a god damn plug on his audience today somebody pulled a god right out from underneath me they pulled a god damn magic cover around me my god damn feet here's Carl Springs hello we take these pants that can get out here by noon hello hello yes sir okay okay that was kind of interesting the buzzers over P.P. Park yeah it's funny because I drove by P.P. Park this morning on the way to work like I do where we didn't see no buzzers I'm see oh garbage maybe this guy had a bad drink maybe got into a bad good bullet grits and it gave him the signs with grits maybe the buzzers were left over from that first half that they played could be but uh to get back to here yeah because I go to Georgia every year for Thanksgiving dinner and kind of out four days up there and get their very cool haul so it's the restaurant that has good food but you know you're drinking stuff other than getting low what do you mean they don't serve alcohol I can't take a many fast food places that serve alcohol well it's what does that mean I think he's but they don't serve booze well and in that atmosphere was that say you have some of them thank you okay that's good we have an old love's here for steak and steak they got no booze I'm serious it's terrifying it really scares the crap out of me when I think about the fact that these people are out there we have an open line and grow our all three lines in brick wall you want to know why because we started talking about sorry never again we'll never do that again okay you're off the hook Terry Murray because this is a time where nobody cares because nobody knows how to help you have passion about something and feel excited or pissed off or whatever when you don't even know what to let's all about man oh man or shepherds it is just on effing believable oh it's not 21 to Leon God get up Com invaded with K hol When it's time to head south and spread I'm gonna go with a living I wanna die Oh, we're flying Oh, we're flying Oh, we're flying Oh, we're flying And the best part of this is a group There's no muddly energy I love the noise on the car John Levitt by the way, give this to me was it you that the I heard that woman calling up asking you that day Yes, where this came from and where I got it Used to sing it at the clubs Right, right in the voice that recorded it to me And John, I love it my former fat producer Who was, you know, some out of a musician himself, I see himself as kind of like a Jim Morrison junior sort of only fat nugget But at any rate, he's the one that gave that to me years ago and as you heard the car that it was originally on very poorly erased And it's that edge to the ambiance I love it It makes it what it is a piece of We have two open lines a day five six seven five sixty five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line any interest today, huh? No, here's Hollywood, hello Hollywood Going once, Neil, yes sir I'm kind of about proposition nine of the Constitution revisions of the state have you read that? No, I have done so I have done so I have done so It's got restrained wording about basic rights Yeah, and in the offices it has defines natural persons as female and male or white Yeah, mean that they're taking away rights for They could define natural persons as somebody that's been circumcised for one thing What we could just forget about it? Okay, we have an open line in Broward to and date five six seven Five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's a saga bay hello Neil, didn't you say the other day our lady built that chicken has two world last night? What about it? Didn't all ladies construct them? Yeah, it's a work of art Uh-huh I thought last time it was a best thing You're the one that was watching the TV show last night You thought you couldn't hear the sound The sound is pathetic I used to be an audio engineer for broadcast Yes, how could a TV station screw up something like that and allow it to coig Tonight after night after night and you know something nobody cares The people over there don't care the audience doesn't care Nobody cares My crack attorney there who's busy talking about highfly balls blow it in the wind People here Yeah, how do you like that? Well, I'm telling you when they're gonna do like because I'm mass-rawn And I'll go and I'll go and I'll go and you want to be real happy No, what do you sound like? You're such a good mood I want to thank you We're gonna have it on 24 hours a day, pal You're gonna be just a peeing in your pants Okay, have a great day He's happy Here's a happy camper He's a mansion at man We have an open line in Broward to a second and third period on Friday night and I come again And they were saying to me, tell me that they were sitting down like toward the front And then there were a bunch of people sitting behind him and a bunch of women especially And then we're talking about everything but the game And of course I realized it was a boring game that wasn't much going on It was really bad game But nevertheless I thought that myself is that something new here? No, first night And excuse me for coming on here and getting upset about something that nobody cares about And don't even know what that I'm talking about excuse me I'm very very sorry, aren't I? No 5, 6, 7, O, Sline We're gonna get all six of these lines lit up right now In the next 30 seconds or what's gonna be Two hours and you look when it's worth the joy Alright, we're laughing about you We got the focus Come on, let's go, let's go Just like Aaron for Gallaudet, I can eat in the next line We don't need to know the risk just to make a lot of noise Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop Come on There's a work again that you lines written so far, no nobody calls We've got the amount of 5, 6, 7, O, 5, 6, 6, We've got 400 open lines in Dave, 200 Broward I will not regret until we get air, we've got damn line on the board Smoke in here today All of us don't know where they're in the bag again, they're in the side Got now and be in the rarest day We love you, man, be, oh, get sweet, be, be It's the joe in show Oh, it ran for two It's interesting, remember I told you that today was rebeeting my contract about that bonus thing And it says in there that I'm required to produce and the prepare a 4 hour radio show It says nothing about talk show, it says a radio show And that's our candy, go right, where it's through Let's air it, go on Please, go ahead, I don't hear what he did, I said do, Billy Do you talk with your dog, any progress here at the town of the walking dead? No, because they play in my test, five, these are you A, two, two, can't be be Come in Okay, we got one more line to light up there, it's a date county, are you following these numbers now? 5, 6, 7, O, 5, 16 And 5, 6, the only AT&T line we pay for the mobile calls, it's free, okay, any takers yet? No We're clean, don't worry, I can't be be be Oh, right We love you, we're mine In real life One more, that's all we need, one more, just see if it's real one If it's one of those low-teal and bricks out there, see if it's like a real living in breathing first that I like I'm looking at the room, thinking about it, this is a conversation that's always done with me It might be a color I think we had to do a break now, don't you? Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay sir Good, I just wanted to call it, I was one of the guys that came up to you at the arena last week about the season And if Sir, can I ask you this question, how come everybody can talk about the seats are no good? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the two of them are the consistent guy. Vale of by far the best defenseman on his team who's also a guy that can, you know, one of our leading scores can stick to fucking in it. And well, but look how much better they play. They got a tie. What we do with me. That's pretty exciting. They need to fly. They last. We got a lot of ties too, that we started losing every game. Yeah. And they don't show me anything this year. And the two guys that they need. He's a very interesting person. He never knows where the puck is. You see the guys they make a nice pass. So he doesn't even see it. Yeah. I don't know what the hell he thinks. We have an open line at Browler's line. We got the brain crush back again. Baby, they're going to make sure that we have a real long, disgusting season is what they're going to do. The brain crush is back. I told you, see, I can't make an idiot into a genius. You can't make a loser into a winner. You can't make somebody who, like, screwed us last year. All of a sudden, is going to get bright this year. But I know, but he cares about what you're getting excited about it. Plus, I can go there tomorrow on screen. My brains out. And I will. I'm going to be so goddamn loud. I'm not going to kick out of there tomorrow night. Here's a mobile in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. And we're going to see a critters of the movie. Oh, you know who that is, don't you, by the way. Chronicle. But he's there today. Thank you so much, sir. Five years for the dolphins right out of my own pocket. And guess what? I get free tickets to the dolphins this year and give away. How do you like that? I bet that breaks your heart, don't I, sir? Don't you show up. No chance. Caz, not a question of pain. It's a question to know what that you're going to see. That's the question. Anybody can get said. In fact, that was that is that a compliment. And how about the 10,000 empty seats for the Rams game of a week and go Sunday? How about those, pal? I'm starting to get a whole different idea. And I salute the people that are going to get the raped and paid to see crap. We have an open line of suspense because all they could talk about is college sports. Turn on the morning show it and in between the couple of comments about Whitney and about Terimer. In between that, all they're talking about is gators again and its seven old, oh, give me a freaking break. And by the way, my imitation of the day of Lamont last night, if I say so myself on Whammy was outstanding. Oh! And so I did it right, tell her a case. That was great. Nice going Neil. Of course, nobody could hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's right. I'm the bad guy. Play a macer. Do your usual every day of your life to get out of your system just like a good album. But just unload on me pal. Go ahead and head to my guest. I'm the bad guy. Hey, if you're welcome. Now, as usual, I bet to my friend to refrain or stop from smoking while the program is on. Thank you very much. That's nice. I am more awesome on Valentine's Camp. I like to play the hits. But unlike your Ramadan, don't expect to be seen by this. I take the stage I am a rage or I like to see. And when I'm done those red dot waves want to be doing the world thing, place it down. Place it down. Let it down. Oh, like I do. I like to play the Hindu town in the bottom of them at the highest. And like your actual walls, when Muslims go to the middle field, I don't think they must smoke or chase a better than the bar. I am more fat dude when I pick up and play. Oh, my sister. Place it down. Place it down. Place it down. Oh, my God. Place it down. And just like any club. Place it down. And then you'll get the red dot to me. Oh, my God. Place it down. And just like any club. Place it down. And then you'll get the red dot to me. Oh, my God. Nice job, man. Man, don't you don't fool. That nothing's wrong. I always tell them we can't look up. Come here, baby. What been? Place it down. I just got my yellow. Me on the way to you. Come here. This notes for you. What been? Place it down. Oh, my God. Look what the monsters of my hot blood towards coming to your town. So it's true. Oh, my God. Place it down. And then you'll get the red dot to me. Oh, my God. So it's true. Oh, my God. I just got my yellow. So it's true. You're heated, filled. We love you, now I pleasures. We'rewal that we ask. We're hazing green w Everything start a solid. Colle00, we are theJon compter. Everytime we leave we feel good We treated yesterday and are the missing m stuff of a high assessment. Such an amazing, miserable Stevensplin's of our past called Messp yn Starr lulll where nobody considers toscreams a lot. Oh yes, we do. Our way you are flattened Who are we for? And remember to, and that's all it is called, What's cool, Feel me with love you For I've been hurt so easy to love Because they play with my love star We love you and each other, And when you're going to cry, And in three, We'll all agree that you're with me Don't wanna see me can't be me I'll be the new leader, my name One by the way, please answer what I call before Spending and hearing on, I gave 10 grand to the set of one campaign to get off the ground How much did you give sir? I'd rather than get my money into a charity I'm not gonna get the money, I'm gonna send my opinion here I don't need it, I'm gonna appreciate it I need your money, I love you Here's a mobile and homestead, hello Mobile and homestead Hello, yes sir What the heck, I said about a fan You're talking to him? Listen, I'm on my way back to Georgia from homestead Yeah, I live in the low town called Ninnon Yeah, we're one of the greatest high school football players I ever saw a play there What Georgia check on the bill Lewis Little time to play in about 16 different positions To take advantage of his speed, his arm, and whatever His direct seagull And he got hurt three years attack He didn't really blast him So why don't you tell me what does this mean? The direct seagull I only walked through it I'm gonna see as you were the dog I'm gonna see you I'll see you at wrong speed I'm gonna see you at a fan I love you You're being hurt Oh yes we do We're getting stuck in pain Okay, five, six, seven This is our last call Otherwise it's Jolyn from about 10 after 12 Till noon Till I mean till Get to noon tomorrow What's wrong with that? Hankon used to day off Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty On a mobile one line I mean how can this man? How can this man possibly Be listening to this radio show And call here and start tell me about some five year old kid That played an entry Georgia And got lost in the woods up there While I'm a film and deliverance And I had lunch with Bert Reynolds What is this man talking about? I was expecting to say that corn sure is special Man, oh man alive What you me talking about sir And by the way, Florian, get on this table We got enough of your kind here already Get out of here Five, six, seven, oh five, five Let's go to Sticken Chicken Wait for him to open the doors Here's my me Lake, hello Hey New Hawaii Okay sir I was speaking to a friend of mine from Hollywood yesterday And he had mentioned something That he heard in your show regarding her So I just wanted to share that with you Well what do you mean he mentioned it In other words, you haven't heard it No, I'm trying to call you You haven't heard it I'm not a chronicle We have to make them first on call it You have sure, likely story Crime Crime So in other words, you're complaining about something You haven't even heard Well he told me about it He told you about it So what does that mean? So he heard something And he heard a calling He's a woman He's a wife He's a wife from power Meaning what That's that He's a chronic He lives to you Yeah And Well he told me that was tasty Okay, blow it out your ass That's one of the chronic holios Get him out of here Taste this Open line and brown All of date 560 It was tasteless How do you like that? In fact, it was so tasteless We may have to play it again Because this guy is just Jones and Ford Evidently Coming soon Almost the WQ You're right, it was tasteless Ok, but we'll play it again Over and over again Good In fact, we're going to order a jolene And that all between Profit, seriously between 2015 And to that they were going to go back To back, over and over again Just because this guy is getting off He's squeezing it here And it Hey Hollywood's seminal gaming is got He's got He's got a fight What a What a You're one You're a Painter Wow I take this one call It's a last one we got Here's a mobile and camera Hello Hey Neha, are you in the case? Ok sir Two questions Well one question in the statement The first one I was a guy to call you to Ask you about what kind of tranquilizes You're giving your little dog Yeah Did you ever check and see what the name of it was? No, I did not Because like I told you that Well you're calling me back to ask What kind of tranquilizes No, I don't know No, I don't know If it is Neha and it's going to give you Tracolizes for your little dog I'm not a veterinarian Ok, and the second thing is I've been driving on the turnpike And I just want to report to you A gone by three school buses Yeah Two black people One black person And the fourth one was a grey-owned bus I couldn't tell who it was To the windows were so tinnitus Alright, how are you getting a little warmer? Thank you so much You always get on a bad wagon, let's hear it Ok, we're waiting I'll sit back in a chair and wait Ok, let me Yeah, this is good Let me just pull this thing by Oh geez This thing don't work too good Like everything else around here Don't work too good This whole disc full of weed tins That's right We can play weed tunes Back let's take a poll What kind of music do you want here between now and two This audience they don't want to talk today That's alright This has been syndrome for last few weeks Don't this whole radio station You know they're not fooling me Every now and then they do like Thursday There'll be a lot of calls What's your beats? I'll give it away a bunch of crap And people make up all these crazy wild stories To try to win something for free And guess what, by the way We're not giving away anything more on his show Which I like it Every again No free tickets No free CDs No free anything No free lunch We'll try to think as a man with improvement By the way, I'm enjoying it 560-50560 On the mobile right Likely story Open line in day one in Broward 560-5060 On the mobile one line Guess what? The it ain't good at good on the year This time next time 250 times from now Next circus 70 years from Machuavos Ain't good at good on the year Okay, so get a goddamn life Find a goddamn good side-kindness In fact, that's what we could use in this town Is group therapy That's what we need Because if there's any place in a world That could take the joy out of living This is the place Here's water day lake Sillow Hello Uncle Neil Yes sir Where is timecoller All right I know you love sports a lot No really Okay, but you know a lot about it And I'd like to ask you your opinion Not a trivia question There are many, many baseball records And many, many different categories Okay, let's go to a mobile and cross-pring Sillow Okay, gone Here's my me lake Sillow Neil Yes sir Hey Between jet bush And the other Alternative I don't know what it's saying with jet bush Okay, well, that's good. I'm happy for you Two open lines is date to a Broward 560 there's a guy that likes bush Okay, that's big deal And the pump 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello Neil, yes sir I'm not calling for any free tickets But remember that four years ago you have vision Did you realize Yeah I heard the reason why Because What? Okay, whatever you say pal You were four years ago I was visiting Italy And you heard the reason why I was because I wanted to do it with the Pope That's right Whatever you say Two open lines a date to a Broward 560 560 560 See this is payback for Friday night I made the mistake and coming on here yesterday And saying what are tripped what a really it was interesting I'm sitting there in the arena Friday night in the McAureen And during a horrible game I get this big ovation because they got my push up there And it actually made me feel good about being here for about two days And now I come in here this the today We have about an hour and a half of a radio show I'm talking there talking like what it's supposed to be all about And then all of a sudden it's like hey That's it baby We're pulling the plug and our air me call is going to be an asshole And now we're going to like keep as much abuse on you as you'll take Which by the way the answer is I'm going to put on the big o That's it. Let's heat the abuse on this set of a bitch Now because he was actually feeling pretty good about life there for a couple of days So now let's just the bad mouth of and make him try to feel like about two inches tall I got two inches okay And it works Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Lady in Miami Hi Yes, man I was just calling my boyfriend was telling me about this little clip you got on there with the Irishman I don't know man we're not doing all requests to the sorry sweetheart Our to work call where asking for calls from people who have something to say about any goddamn thing in the world anything to say about anything Anything How do you like that? And she's calling me because your boyfriend said this and the other one his boyfriend told him about the Chris Reeves in a wheelchair It is that bad taste and Superman is we're acting like a cape on and whatever I thought I was a chicken crab thing that was to say ah What a what a town what an audience what a bunch Just unbelievable Open line of date county come on. Let's go you can do it say something about anything okay about the world about the goddamn state of the universe 567 0560 pound five six of the joy now I do four out of five days here on this station scream and horror and carry on does anybody care and the answer is low resounding no You won't make us give a crap no matter what it is mister okay Here's for Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir Where did you get back on the air I just move back from Los Angeles right here your voice flipping through the A.M. Look for sports likely stirring Huh, I don't believe it. When did you get back on the air 10 months ago sir Because I was out there for about a year and a half thing I know buddy decent out there. Yeah, I got a million one rocker roll stages Come back here. We got one less than we had one left. Yeah. What do you know what what what what is it? What? What is it not anybody's business I talk about how much I'm making no this new read it is it worth going to no no No, I stay home good out of here go back where you came from Two open lines and Broward five immediately this guy is anybody believes that first night Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one on evidently weren't paying him enough on a West Coast as he came back here Anybody in the right mind go to the West Coast would come back here. Oh give me a break There's a mobile and crossbrings hello No mobile and crossbrings yes sir. Yeah. I would see them take it all that's the dot of all the teams right. Yes. I got phone call from the wall and today They want me to renew. Yeah, I gave up to take it flat here And they call me I wouldn't lose my priority feeding or anything so I asked them if the team had been sold Yeah, anyway And And you know I'm just fed up with them. You know waiting for the deal with what what do you know what you mean you're waiting for the sale to go through and then what's going to happen I'm willing to give him your chance I'm going to bring the salt says highs and you'll continue to run the marlins before owners approved the sale Well, although I thought sir can I finish although Henry wanted to consider lowing ticket prices The teams front office is not consulted on the issue they'll instead follow directives of housing and Rick Rochon Which means they're not lowering the ticket prices and wait still going to have us finger in it for owners along Okay real quick on the arena. Yeah, I've had a And what about the team sir And Okay, we have an open line in Broward five five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I Can't possibly be here if I'm going to pinch myself. I'm going to pinch myself so hard. No, sir, so then I'm going to bleed I'm going to pop a gun. I'm going to pop a gasket Pop has got a brand new gasket a Tiska the task get the let's see your basket. I mean, I'm just that I'm going to pinch it so hard and they're just going to I mean, how is it possible that there are so many people 18,000 people together in one building? Are they seeing anything? Are they perceiving anything? Are they just by osmosis as anything rubbing off on them? No besides the smoke from out in the hallway Why this this is a scary scary Fucking place I almost said it here's pepper pines hello Yes, Neil yes, first time caller long time listener okay, but I got it I got a Rippie won this morning, buddy. Yeah, what's with this spot on? Okay, open line in the day five six nothing to say But I got a Rippie won this morning. Well, I thought I'd just save it okay pal save the energy See, that's one thing that they'll do they'll make all the energy in the world if they can take a cheap shot if I can rip you one, okay? Ripp this Thank you. Oh, God. Here's a North Miami Beach, hello North Miami Beach. Hi, Neil yes, sir Last week I was in Lincoln Road Mall. Yes, I'm here some Harry Christian music Yeah, wrongs and bells and all that stuff. Yeah, I'm liable the smiling guy with orange Just start giving away whammy business cards the whammy TV business card Yeah, you get a new marketing plan. Oh, no, that was probably a Maddie looking for a job Yeah, yeah, the job, but that was funny that the Krishna guy stopped giving away whammy No, no the bald headed geek. That's Maddie. That's some Maddie lesson. He's looking for a job That's why he's given out his bitch. Sure. Absolutely. It's why he's given out his business card. Not a hurry Christian He's just a bald headed geek I'm a little bit okay pal good luck. You don't don't hire him whatever you do Unless you want him is really spy We have an open last one Netanyahu who's up there with the yes or error fart and all those other goyum and Even he made a cost to comment about Maddie Lusham. I couldn't believe right there in the White House got a sitting ovation 5 6 7.05. It's just morning leave. Okay. Go right ahead. Be my guest. Rip me a big fat. Rectom and we'll make you feel better Oh, yes, see this this they made a bad mistake Friday. They won't ever do that again They won't ever be doing that again making this man feel like almost like somebody might like him out there Like somebody listens because we enjoy the show not because we're about to massacre because then we hit him like poison Which is what we usually like to keep the relationship on that level? I should have known that something was up Prop 25 at five Anybody have a heart or a liver? Oh my god He looks at his head. It's like so bad. It looks like one of those alien guys It's just so round my name is puppet and I like to dance I got a big hand and I wear short pants. I got a mohawk and a ring for my nose I shop in the kids station for my clothes because I'm a hip Medi Hip hop Medi Hip Hip Medi Hip Hip Medi Hip What I need a girl. I give her my digits but she never calls Hip hop You sure Tra 30 at five sixty wqm are sent a one total by the way we have a revised total all the estations reporting in now 45,877 bucks. That's as of 10 o'clock this morning not bad Not great but not bad for our first month. We got the November December to go and you go to your borders and pick up the best in Elvilems one and two cd or cassette or both and they're great and You also get your best in Elteacher and the cities and cassettes when we do our appearance at the Benin Jerry's and they haven't sure them all This Saturday noon to two Benin Jerry's being right near the rain forest cafe between the AMC theaters and blooming nails on a south side of the mod You got it. Oh, well, uh, draw your diaphragm That's not bad by 46 ran huh and we still have a week to go What So I just got an eyelash for my eye. I'm distracted so in other words you can't talk in the pick your eyelash Are you right the same time you're like Greg Greene? I think we should be doing better than that I would agree is considering 10 grand of that is mine and a couple of grand is money that my friend Ron from Philadelphia Give 15 I rebucked the hockey game another fifty dollar check Of course, what's the big donations start pouring in from our friends here at QA. Yeah, and we're gonna go away over the top, right? Oh, a little delayed reaction in the other room. Here's a lady mobile in Boka hello Lady hey, yes, man. I'm calling convoker retone An mobile phone. Yes, man. I've been listening to you for years. Well here I am and it's lunchtime And I'm formally from Rochester, New York. Oh, I would love a well-done Why go hot and french fries Uh-huh. He can't find it in Boka. I'm not in Boki you got to drive all the way down to Miami. You got to drive all the way down to way Wear-narrables in Miami That be wonderful. Do you have to go to see breeze Uh-huh Ancored rate place to be from and talk about Okay, get in the phone. Get in the phone. Thank you. Well, she's from Rochester. They'll have good cell phones in Rochester because they get you know the lie locks in a few other reception We have an open line in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on a mobile one line Let's talk about Rochester. I want to talk about Donovan. No about C. Breathe. No about Cobbs Hill. No about Silverstone State of the Red Wings. No about the Rochester Amherst. Oh, sorry. That's hockey. Oh, no. Oh Come on. Let's talk about depue. Let's talk about Dunkirk and Batavia and Leroy and Chic Tawaga. Now you're talking now you're getting warm Let's talk about Niagara Falls on the east side and on the west side. Let's talk about St. Catherine's Ontario and Hamilton A Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. I am a first-time caller and I've been listening to you recently You got a listening to you recently. You got a great show George is also a great site kick you have there As far as all this politics goes I just like to say everybody promises nobody delivers votes for nobody yeah And I just want to say you got a great show and I love your spoof. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. I'll see you Niagara Falls pal right in there I'll be the one in the barrel Two overlines in day here. They're and I've got the empone you got stuck here which had today They've been bop bop bop bop a whore all those goddamn people that was self-cold Tony what down does he want? Who wants to know what he can do to help? I think you do to help what bring us a lot of water What do you do? How to check yeah bring us a check okay very simple 50 bucks a hundred bucks 500 bucks a thousand bucks Center one towards C ENT ER don't spell the Canadian like C ENTR E we don't like that crap. I'll take it anyway Center one towards that's all And see these CDs are so good. See this poloni this business. Wow. You know, it's a fact It's kind of the do with bags and these idiots out there thinking because they help people with aids It's a fact here. It's whether it's going to come in a house center one into my pocket Where would it let's go? What's no difference would it make? Because there we got the same stuff out that we've had every god damn here the only problem is we're trying to do it here in a vacuum And so it's ten times as hard as it was on wio d which even though we hit it like poison Never less there was some continuity on that radio station because there was more than one of us doing the same goddamn thing As opposed to here where we get our good friend whatever I wrote it down with our Susan that's right Susan your losing Susan Calls in this morning. Oh, I wouldn't listen I think and I share what unless you know what what is name I'm so evil. I'm so vulgar. I'm so disgusting. They don't even want to mention my name The colors on the sport shows it's like the unspoken one the unspeakable one What is name? I wouldn't listen to him, but of course you heard the rumors about the morning show because she was so stupid Believe the crap about Reneri she bought that and where did she hear it did she hear it on Hank show? Did she run on any Kaplan show? No, you're on the dolphin game. Oh, she heard it on this guy damn show right Susan You were lying phony bitch Who's listening right now? But doesn't know my name wouldn't know any arages if I stepped out or like a goddamn cockroach and I might Because it's the the fashionable thing to do on this radio station because this is the jockstrap station This is the Faggot station like out goldstein says we're all the guys hang around and take showers together. That's right the Faggot station Here's for admire hello The New Amel me deal. Come on. Okay Speaking in ways you're on a wrong coast for that. Okay. I thought I was one of those despicable Colombians for the second one Yesterday the book you were reading I'd like to get a copy of that. I can't stand sports and it's sounded pretty good could you just I was called pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL might find interest and it goes along with that Yeah, two high school football stars here got in a fight and one of them shot the other The white guy was shot my black guy and They had a trial and Actually there was two black guys that crashed this white party People threaten the black people. Yeah, anyway the white guy was shot there right in in the thigh The black star was acquitted even though he had a gun with him and admitted to discharging a gun in the shitty Lymwich and So he's acquitted now he's back on the football team and everybody's happy because he's gonna be playing this Oh, yeah, there you go. Well take all three of them and throw them in the collusion hatch you river I can't believe I'm sorry. Go ahead. I just can't believe after my After my comments about the the despicable Colombian people and not one of them called into a defend their miserable Race down there is truly incredible. I'm gonna be that's good. That's a good topic for a super gonna head invite all the Colombians to call in today Excellent understand the George works up thing up on that and it would really be below me to To put on the hear that so I'm not gonna do it, but thank you. Me. The oh, okay and back to you. Okay, there's the guy with eight Colombians There's a post to me who loves Colombians We have two open lines a day to find the in pump I've 60 on the mobile one line 22 till one in bruise at two Let me take the book the booster at six o'clock book show me then at a kitty kid tent We got no ball games tonight. That's right no more baseball no more nothing light In the course tomorrow and I we got the Panthers and the Red Wings and we're gonna have all those people there tomorrow night A filling out place who pretend they know something but at least they show up That's one thing I'll say they may not know anything at least they show up Anybody the book lost rights that I read from yesterday by James Boulevard see I wonder why waste my time? Why do I waste my time under the great books that you must read you should have it your hand right now God damn it in the book too every single one of you Have we had one report on that book today? No lost rights to destruction of American liberty paperback for crying out loud James Boulevard B o v at you read it. Oh, that's what they do today. It's whether not Connor or reading the book. Thank you Now I feel better the reading the goddamn book just tell me up