the people to go other like the have and so many other communities or they don't. Why can't he just say I'm out John Harry's got the money when you want to money on the table now. I'm small potatoes for two million. I had Wayne Game of Thrones anyway. I've got to put the BN and that's it. See I have a red life. That's all done. The Florida Marlins to go anywhere. God. I was part of the team that brought one here. And I would never ever want to be looked at as the guy who removed the money here. I wouldn't make that a sure on the front end. I don't want to hear a one. I just I don't think that was the. Um. feasible. Yeah. A sureants to make an hour and half on my groups behalf. Roops be half. So. That was there was never our intention. I want money for a city. I'm not going to be good. It was plausible to make such an assurance before the stadium issue worked itself out. Yeah. So let me ask you down. What's your point? I met John Henry early on in my quest for investors. And at one time he was going to put some money in the deal. And so he knows he knows everything that my book say and what my projections say and so on and so forth. And it went from it went from the deal to the deal. And I know John Henry is an honorable man. He can soft spoken and I like the thing. I went to the investor in my group had I not known that about him. I just didn't go through the yellow pages and figure out who's got a net worth of $300 million and end up at his door step by I knew a little bit about him before I knew the deal. And I knew that he was going to see him. Like he knew Greg Lee had big bucks. That's how business works. You know, it goes from here to there and all of a sudden, you know, there's a deal and there's no ill-fated feelings whatsoever. Good. You're not going to get upset. I'm going to have a nice time for dessert. I'm more concerned. He just didn't want to get a good deal. I just hope that this whole thing worked out the way that that it's been laid out. Then everyone wins. See, laid out. I'm not worried about me. I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. Yeah. I think I was. Are you going to know the thing that John Henry has been actually a source of the deal with the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head- of the head of the head of the head of his head- of the head of the head of his head of the head of a head of the head or head of a head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head. That's absolutely true. THE NEW Yeah, well, that's only I don't know that's up to him. I mean it's his money I don't know what his net worth is. I'm gonna answer this. I don't know what his throw you yesterday I've made a comment about John's name that he's come up short on a couple of occasions right? He's got a right Yeah, and he was remember he was gonna pop bring hockey here You see He went to a meeting him prom beach Oh right, they wanted 30 right million right when Ziggler was president And wasn't he with the packs and wants a pot of time? Was that some other boy? He was with her spray. Well, that's in worse and they tried to buy the dolphins at one point But he only had 16 million that he showed up with and I talked to him today And here's what I like about this guy. He said to me, you know He said I heard what you said and it's justified because I compared him with John Spano and he said it's justified He said because I did come up short a couple of times, but and he gave me bank references People I could call to check out if I didn't believe he had the money to do this. I know he has the money to do this So I think this time it could happen, but but when it was time to put up He wasn't you know, you know, even inadvertently the bum information I got it turns out that you know in reverse It really is true because what's mildly is saying is he's out and the door is open and Henry's making the deal It's just a matter of making the announcement. It's gonna happen. It's a matter of closing They're meeting today right to discuss stadium issues in fact. They're meeting while this press conference is going on It's possible Which is a good way to keep him out of the meeting by the way Trying to put a public private deal together Wayne and I are very sensitive to the fact you know We could patch together this deal No matter how erroneously it's been reported Larry Alan We don't think that that's in the best interest of everyone Because if we if we did that and Mr. Henry goes on his way and I then go out looking for a public money After some assurances have been made For first of all, I don't think my success rate would be very high and second of all You know rain would get battered again and we don't want that we don't want it for our community It's not healthy and he certainly doesn't deserve it And I would tell you something right now and you can mark it down and or get in the way of that and He has told me very recently that if you want to get a deal done We'll get a deal done But I just didn't think it was was fair in nor did he that as long as this offer is there To stand in the way of the process and And give it its best chance I don't get it didn't Wayne say days ago that the smiley was basically out and he was making the deal with I heard I think so I I don't really don't know the timing because I don't really get involved in negotiations. It's really highs and the holdings and and any other perspective Byer that has come and gone over time And you and you know the names which were so Aggressively reported of people who We're players at the time and and I'm reading you fall in by the waist very dealer. I don't believe that's who the case In this in this particular scenario he reboza all right. This is G Gordon-Litty his Efforts to buy the team are honest and I think he will aggressively pursue it But as I've told people along the way It's never a deal until it's a deal. It's never a deal until you close and We'll just see what happens. I suspect that it will get closed You get it. This for Henry What are these guys are sharp? Then they used to be with a hero now the number the hero now the number said You know now that's exactly right. I have non meetings When you put to two at nonplaces About nine thousand money on the table and they both add up to $150 million I don't think my hundred and fifty million dollars This is one right As Mr Henry studs And I don't think it's my hundred and fifty million dollars is is in the best interest this guy hasn't got a hundred fifty dollar unity and our fans and our organization as his is He's made some assurances and and We my group We're just what you know this valley tips are too good. There's summer going to go what group the non group when you get with her Greg Reed very dilla yeah, poopy combo BB Robozo and G Gordon Litty and Eugene, your Martinez Bernard Barker It's tough to get comfortable with I gave it my best shot It because you know this is this is even more written breaking than we have a wireless We we we we go out there every night to what are you just saying and On the type of person that you know I know you can't win them all We we I We are sure We feel the same way about this but Joe Rose was in the group two and I would have we love we have closed this and Got it done earlier and got it in the road to try to put together a stadium deal It just didn't work out that way Something that everybody already knew that could have been set in three seconds I'm out now we've been a game that And I was full of crap and we couldn't get it done that's it Stay in the purple so grateful for the organization serves the sole press conference to me Yeah, I don't have any repuffs other than back it was a lot of hours and a lot of world less time on the air like Spence Yeah, doesn't really Mean thing Everybody knew he was out of the group a lot of time ago I've been talking a way about this for a while tomorrow's Harold headline say and what I really close to deal Oh two to three weeks and Sunset will say Wayne's keeping the big See league and the most interdisciplinary boarded story and yeah, but you gotta hand it when they have something in their every single day It was all wrong to do something in there and finally I knew that either Or it me or it me or it me or it may go on for me go on forever and I just get the one this Potential sale to get bogged down by me and He's starting to sound like that. We you know, we've got this and patchwork deal Where it's a Wayne I haven't seen my biggest month What it's about and just like this I mean obviously that a lot of her be a mean reduction and we would have been accused Routing a potential buyer get away who is willing to do something I don't understand and that was he a factor He's not I mean the Wayne is going ahead and negotiate or a Wayne's guide that Rashana's been doing an negotiating and They've been meeting almost every day and I don't see whether we're as in really honest I have to say just about having the deal done and Wayne said two weeks ago that it was no longer He had given smiley as much rope as he couldn't have much time and I was going up to anybody What control him the money and that was it? He said that two weeks ago, you know, I used to work it in I would like to know And they had a secretary there who had worked for the two founders for years and he fired And she refused to leave like three weeks later. She was still in the office And so I'm not sure it depends it depends on if Mr Henry buys a team or if the sale goes through or whatever Not sure But for sure general manager he had general manager duties and so on I mean it's always there wasn't a giant Henry for No So we're not that offer He's still be snoring up to the Go away Wayne Not giving me a chance is knowing you need another bullpark knowing you need a public planning or else you won't be thinking about it Well, let me start from the last thing you said that that would be As a last resort and I think that happens after years it doesn't hit just happen after six months But they answer the basic question We would continue to put the deal together because we not to the money But when these other assurances came in You know that that just changed things and and again I think it's I think it's better for everyone involved that I step back in my group steps back and let's this Let's this other opportunity run its course No, I would not be standing here today if there wasn't an offer like that out there the nine group Not that I know Then the members of my group have been extremely loyal To the extent that they said well if anything happens, you know, just pick up the phone and we'll be there again So Not the night have been changed I'm sorry we have no information on that list I'm not sure Exactly I'm hearing Rush Limbaugh and my head said a union Yeah, exactly sounds like him Turn it Now we're there's if I if I got into that in an audience somewhere I certainly had enough fuel left in a tank To to go Climb that mountain to see if you get a ballpark built Just on the distance really it was mentally draining at the end trying to get this thing done But that's I'm going to write now he wants to raise money to buy the team if he can sell a quarter of the map by the one on attempted to do I'm 22 minutes to be a prisoner by the accomplished their goal got and you know took them a year or so to get it done So no, I it would have been a load off my back just closed where it's got yield and and I know for a fact that it would have been a political dogfight I mean I know that and The media forms just what don't answer for you. No no change. No and so that that's a fight But what it comes down to at the end of the day is baseball meant to be in South Florida or not And given what's on the table at this point in time it appears that it appears that that's taken care of given given the transaction closing So that's good that's positive self-floor should be excited about that I I'm not sure Joe I It's real uncomplicated when you have one checkbook to deal with versus getting you know 15 investors approved But just for Henry's already one percent owner of the New York Yankees so baseball and those them I Really couldn't tell you but I think it's going to be in short order our budget year ends October 31st And I Think that for everyone involved a Quicksmooth closing with being everyone's best interest Okay, we've been listening to Don Smiley's press conference Thank you, I can't listen anymore, and I think you already left the building Well move on Hold the record. Hope you work on the office and you come to the office And you know something I don't think anybody's going to break this record like for about 200 years if ever That's the wall of the holding the record. Okay, well, let me know where it is. Now go get it And have a great day. Okay, we have an open line in date 560 560 560 on the mobile one line how much is it worth? I'm interested. I wouldn't give you a nickel for it Oh, God, it's a level of weight at 560 You know there are those days when you just look like crap and you have a gun on globs tonight. I know I've got to help my mom move some furniture Oh, I hate that. Look at all. Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore. Not when you use hot chick fair-mone spray Just one spray with a handy dispenser and no matter how crappy you look, anyone who is close enough to smell you will think your hot Uh-huh, God, I shouldn't have drank so much last night. If you saw over my dress, please let him park and do anything for my hair Good thing I have hot chick. Hey, Mary, boy, you look hot. You busy tonight hot chick. It works It's a 12 and a half year-level 11 and 560 WQM today is the defining day in my life There's no question about that. I've been doing this for 75 years in this town and today even though I'm from a slow learning that's all That's my excuse. I'm just slow a little slow on and take like most of you and all these stupid highlights and is hockey stuff And I today this mark McGuire That's the way that stuff. Nobody out there cares about that They don't give a flying crap about that and like I've said in the first week the covered in the first week the covered in the first week That this is in this fourth station. It's basically an illegal gambling station and and that's it And a bunch of people sharing misinformation with these is so what the hell am I worried about on I never will ever Especially now that they got hockey season starting very soon. I'm a face up, bloody McDonald I never going to be doing that stuff ever again. Okay with all respect to my dear departed friend Bill he would never going to be doing that again Am I? Because I mean he's talking about you know what you're talking about you're speaking at same Sanskrit that letty what's his name? Mark Kiz is doing Then we get somebody called up here to tell me that Lenny Mark has this a great broadcaster and he's got something Here's a four here's a four-later deal. Hello Good morning, yeah, sir. How are you okay? Listen, I'm a high so you're not alone out here, but you're not alone Out here, but you're not alone out here, but you're not alone out here. Guy time with this. This is my time with this This is my time with this stuff or it's like talking to the average and he's about to pink and And This is what I wanted to say about this Mark McGuire thing. Yeah, it makes Wayne he's doing a look like a genius because everyone's forgot about the Mullen. We went into the Mullen's lost again last night. Oh, I mean, 48 97 Everyone is so high on this Mark McGuire thing all around the country. They don't give a you know Everyone's forgotten about what he did to the Mollins and Yeah, yeah, I'm a way no, no, but just a minute nobody cared about that before Mark McGuire Yeah, it was still averaging 20,000 a game which it may not be great But it's like right in the middle of the pack and and you have to ask yourself why why are these people showing up when this man is basically stuck I'm right in the spectrum and then they stay don't care right well, you know the 12,000 that are you know corporate You know you got those and it used to be they used to count the number people that went through the turns out now They count the number ticket soil. I understand but still if you're selling tickets so at the 20,000 average Yeah, it's like another 8,000 suckers are coming up and buy tickets to see a minor league team There's there's just something I can't explain about this place. There has never been the appropriate Response to what Wayne did to a world championship team either by the media or the so-called fans or any Nobody seems to give a crap and now with McGuire It's like totally out of everyone's mind even the sports announced it said last night Shall we forget Jim Leeland in the world champion for it? And Molly and so if to say you know what happened last year is just nothing compared to what this means tonight Yeah, because this goes over the age. This is like that. That's true. This is over the age. This is over years and years and years What happened last year whoever went to this year the moans will be history. That's right You know somebody wins a world series every year except 94 when didn't bother playing one But somebody wins it over year, but 20 years every 30 or 40 years that somebody does something like this Exactly man have a good day and back to you. Oh there's a guy like actually did I really talk to that guy? I mean pinch by self pinch real hard pinch this because he actually started like he knew something We have an open line in date one in Broward 567 0560 home 560 on a mobile one line that you dollars down a hundred points The NAS DAC is down about 10. You know what we expected By the way anybody by any stock out there yesterday Make a market go up to an 80 points Man move. Okay, where we going that but keep buying please here's a mobile and bointon be chill. Oh Hey Neil Great game last night. I got my five-year-old out of bed. Yeah, but still is it one over the wall. I got him out of bed He was all busted. What's on that you're never gonna say anything like this there is your life right and I explained everything to him He's all excited about it, you know, I mean it was just something you could share with people. Yeah, it was just great You know that's what I thought I was gonna do when I came in today. I thought I'd sit down and every line would light up And these people be on foods and pumped up and fired up and pissed off and whatever and they don't give a crap Miami's unbelievable. Hey there. It's like a real town only not it's good No, no, it's just a big bush league town is all it is It's just it would be like a Geneva New York only multiplied times a 500 that's all exactly I'm like a fair field Ohio right line of Ohio on a bad day. Okay, but I enjoyed it See him that is kick got to enjoy it. We have an open line and day one and Broward fine I'm never playing anymore that stuff again You can bet to the folks who be standing up around Oh, I'm in the light from there I hit the baller just thick I can big mac land and all over the lower deck and left the left center There's a ball of you Adam or chip even though the that's bizarre the way that thing just freaked out from all over my Galatians and it was great because that's all that that was it That was the appropriate spot. We don't need to hear that crowd screaming and carrying on because it just waste a lot of good time Like I said Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Yes, my name is Wong and I wanted to call Playing and I wanted to say about the game last night. I watched it I ball up to that. I don't understand it. I don't get it either. Oh, so you see that all expression about whatever the market will bear if there's somebody if you got anything if you got an old Crinkle about the piece of toilet paper and somebody decides this worth a million dollars to them because they think it's a great work of art You'll say here give me the check and here it is. Thank you and have a nice life. I mean, that's just the way works. You know what I mean, a part about that whole Deal last night. I mean it was wonderful. It was great. But the blockbuster commercial all throughout the game. I didn't see that guy. I wasn't an eye in. I don't have a dish. I don't have a blockbuster commercial. No, and Mr. Height. He didn't have a lot of money. He has nothing to do with them anymore. I don't follow his. I don't even want to spend $3 at that blockbuster for a stupid movie Titanic They're going over with. I thought 500 million people already seen this movie. Yeah, that's right. I'm saying a lot better. Yeah, but anyway, it was a wonderful show. Neil. I don't know how. I mean, I guess I'm only the fourth person. You're the fourth one. Hey, listen, we'll stick together. They're not going to talk a change in our minds. We like it. We enjoy it. They're trying to be in our parade. And God bless us. I'm having great day. There you go. God bless those of us who care enough to send our very best and all these other party poopers out there. No matter what it is, you fill in the black. No matter what. Oh, we don't care about that. We don't care about this. Yeah, right. Have a great life. We have an open line today. One dimensional people in fact in this time. We don't have one. We have no dimensional people. Which is something new to you. Yeah, yeah. I are exploding balls. Okay. Thank you. Labor Day was going to be the big change over at the stupid talk network. Whatever happened. Do we know Mr. Supertop in the morning? Mr. Stupid talk is out in the morning. We didn't know what your name ever wanted in the day. Randy, I didn't do. Well, that's fine. If anybody knows what's going on if anybody lives in that station. Now that we're promoting the hell out of Rick and Sud. You ignorant. What? We have an open line in date. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Hialia with 14 question marks. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I just wanted to say that this town is hard. Last night was one of the greatest things I've ever saw in my life. So exciting. Ranked up there with Ripkin, hitting his consecutive street. I'm from Toronto. I saw Carter at the home running in Mitchell, he was a few years ago. Right. Fantastic. Yeah. Get your hard gone goose bumps. Break cheers your eyes. Might be a Bobby Bond in 64 scoring a winning goal on a broken ankle. An overtime for leaves in the final game in the stand of Cup Plows. But what do these people know about that? Nothing. Nothing. Just great stuff. I can't believe that it hasn't been excited. People everywhere. I'm going to tell you something. It's excited. People all over the world, but not in this town. I mean, the excitement level here. You could drop up pin and hear it the 10 blocks away. I agree. But anyway, it's great for me. My wife's unable to call, but she loved it. She got goose bumps. She turned to me and said, no wonder you loved this game. There you go. Great stuff. Even if you don't love the game, it was an exciting moment. You don't have to be a base off and appreciate that excitement and that emotion. Right. Okay, pal. Have a good day. See you around, eh? Yeah. Okay. Okay, date County. All three lines in date and rope. But is there anybody in date who's alive? Anybody feeling the passion, feeling the heat, feeling the emotion, feeling themselves, feeling their boyfriend, feeling the girlfriend, feeling their regime, anything in date County. Nothing ever ceases to astonish me in his place. Every single day like I've told you for the last 600 years, every day is like the first goddamn day when you sit down here. Think it'll drop nuclear weapons on Walley, North Carolina yesterday. The mushroom cloud could be coming over the horizon. And these people would still be like that. Fivesick. I've heard some people blow their nose in my time. But that was a blow job. The likes of it. Even Monica would have been embarrassed by, okay, Fatio. There must have been not come from parts of his body that we wouldn't even want to mention in the middle of my lunch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Date and a little on a week side as usual here today because they don't know what we're talking about. They've county can't figure it out. They don't have no TV set. They don't have no cable. They sure don't have no satellite. They don't have the news paper. They only read the funny pages. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir? I've got mixed feelings about last night. I was really happy to see this record go to him in the 62. But at the same time, I just knew that the owners, you know, they were in the summer going to start moderating the prices for, you know, for the tickets. And now they're just, you're not going to do that anymore. And I can't afford to take my family to the game anymore. You know what I'm saying? You mean baseball is really enjoyed in this stadium. So, you know, on one hand, I'm really happy to record, you know, was broken to the next, on the other hand, the prices are going to break me. Yeah. You know, I understand what you're saying. It's not going to change anything. No, it's not. It's actually, I mean, I'm afraid to say I think it's going to make it worse. I think the prices are going to go up. That's right. Today, guys, all of a sudden got to repredit the public and leave the public. And like I said, a million times, they ought to be taken semi and Mark McWare's pants down and kissing them on both cheeks over and over again. Because they saved the game. Yeah, they're going to get the pants. My men pop like me. They're going to pop like me. They're going to get my pants off. Well, it's not just baseball. That's all sports. That's why there is no sport anymore. That's why I'm trying to point out this was such a refreshing, a few minutes of excitement last night with some real human emotion and some real sincerity as opposed to the rest of it, which is all about long history. Personally money. I mean, to me, who was, I suppose was when he went over to, you know, to Maris's family. Yeah, that was great. Wasn't that great? That was incredible. Okay. Very nice. Great thing. You know what I said? Nice. So we didn't say it's the Europe's sake because he didn't say it. Great show. Even Sean said, not on the air. Yeah. Congratulations. Did he really? Well, if it comes from Sean, I'm going to tell you something. We could all aspire to be like my friend Sean who's going up there to Chicago and find out what the real world's all about when he goes up there. I'm going to tell you something, Sean. You're going to have the time of your life out there because you're going to discover what a real city is all about. Well, real sports you all about. Well, real people are all about. But are real, they call it the world class. You know, every time I hear that, oh, the world class town, I mean, I just see in my pants. We got world class illegal aliens, world class drugs, world class crime, world class murder, world class stupidity. World class, my ass. And we also got fat. If that was all the right to go wasn't bad enough. We also got fat. There you go. See it at night, sweetheart. I'm taking 700 programs tonight because I feel like it. That's why and don't be asking no questions. They ought to get down in our hands and he's in kiss my ass up there at Pop Hino Park. And she's giving me a, she's giving me the third degree in the 10th degree in the 5003. What do you need? Three four. Because I feel like it okay, bitch. God. Well, these meatballs are good. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Well, yes, sir. Anyhow, you're doing okay. Great moment in that sports class. Yeah. Got it. And it's that. But I'm excited. I'm starting to hear what he's into it. You know who the pants would need to get? Yeah. Part of the goal. I know it's not off. I'm listening. Either. Rookie. Yeah. Okay. Great. We have an open line in Broward 560. How about Terry Sautschau? Can't feel him. Good this week. Let's sign him up. Okay. Just string him up in the net. Be better than what we got. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know. Okay. I can't have the ball fan. Yeah. Don't these people recognize what this is the world class. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. That's why they're running this morning. I'm coming to work. Expecting here. Not about nothing except the McLaren thing and all the success I watched last night. And they're talking about they got the guy in there from the dolphins trying to pedal these last 4,500 seats so the game doesn't get blocked out. They got to a lot of clock tomorrow. 4,500. So tickets for the bills game on Sunday. That's a kind of sports town. This is. And the guy who called me from Boston yesterday. I hope you're listening on the internet today. You're absolutely correct, sir. This is a sports town like, uh, like my dog is a brain surgeon. Right. Have a great day. Good luck to us all. That's what. Deal, God. One said. We have an open line in Grower, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile 1 line. Let's hear it from Mark. Not too much though. Here. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. All right. He's a man. He just pulled a lot of tedious people. You know that path leading. That's a part of the one to give you all those papers. Well, I'm going to say, I've got those forens. They sell for two bucks. They must cost them about 35 cents per cent. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So you don't know why about the most tedious things. If you go anywhere, you go through a restaurant. You're looking how many napkins you're taking. How many forks you're taking? I'm going to say where you're feeling that's right. Exactly. Put it inside your pocket. How much we've lowered stuff in any of your sack. The first thing you wanted to do. You'll pick those in the cold. You're sticking into your purse. Yeah. Of course. I get a little messy in your purse, you know. Yeah. The thing that I work with. That everybody's worried about salary. This guy is not going to hire people in the fight. Yeah. Yeah. If you're going to look at him, it's going to find a for the expire. I'm going to say, I think, I asked Mo von and Boston to held him up for a, they offered him $10 million here. And he said, no. Big fat ass spoke Mo von. That's right. We have it up. What? He's a big fat ass spoke, okay? With a bad attitude. If he was a big fat ass spoke like Cecil Fielder, I'd say he's a good guy. But Mo von makes me sick. He's just a big fat ass spoke and I don't like him. Not that I don't like big spruces, but I just don't like him. You go on the sand? I mean, Brian Cox, there's a big. I put a like him either. I put a like him either. We have an open line in the day. What? Let me swallow that. He's a big fat ass spoke. That's Mo von. I don't like him. I can't stand it. It makes me sick of my stomach. He thinks he thinks he's hot. He thinks he's hot. I'm hearing a line. He's sizzling here like these people mean it. Like these people mean it. Like these people mean it. Like these people mean it. You are so God-being impossible, okay? Labor Day is coming, God. The summer's over. It's a win-day. It's not a Tuesday pretending to be a Monday. It's a day when you all got plenty of time on your hand. Plus whatever else you ought to be washing off of there. Let's get with it. Rosemary and time. That's what you got on your hands. And maybe a little bit in your hands. Let's get with it. Instead of sitting here and doing this usual, God, yeah, rumors says to me, you have to, oh, you know, Georgia, have a lot of calls there on Monday. I was given away to him. And he was given away to stuff and it was a holiday, okay? What we do, Rimmer? You phony baloney bastard. He says to me, it calls me out of four o'clock yesterday. Boy, I'm starving. I'm starving. Yes, that's a true God-damn story. And he started, he starts fantasizing about Ruth's Chris. I said, well, I hope you have an ice time. I said the teams coming back to a camp open this Saturday. Dean will be back in town, and he's so he can buy a lunch dinner, whatever you want. Don't be frustrated. Yeah, you cheap bastard. You cheap Canadian, you bastard. God, I'ma, he's hungry. Okay, well, great. I'm sure that girls got some food and refrigerated over there for you. Go get some an eat and get out of my life. Go call somebody and watch the talk to you, phozo. God, I'm mighty. Seriously, this is the same guy who says to me, Ruth's Chris, when I give me that card, about the meal is free. I'll keep that for next time. And now he pretends to joke. Man, doesn't even reach into his pocket and for 10 he wants to help pay the tip. That's what a cheap guy this guy is, okay? And he's telling me, oh, I just remodel the pool. I did my jacuzzi, I bought this. I'ma, yeah, great. And by the way, when you take a meet a dinner. Let me tell you about a great place where even even Rimmer can afford to eat. They're in that's the pizza loft. You know why he can afford to eat there? Because they give it to him for free. That's right. In fact, that's why he, in fact, I should have mentioned that to last night. Why didn't you go out on the pizza loft you cheap bastard? Jeff will give you free, because he don't know what a cheap skate you are. And you'll be coming back over and over again. But you folks out there see QA. The Neil Roger show, Port Latterdale. This is Bill Dreck. And I listen to Neil. I'll lie. Yeah, I've got two. Oh, this is Bill Dreck. And I listen to Neil. I'll lie. Say hello to my little friend. Oh, God, he's the best you're watching. She looks like a guy. She's 7 feet wide. She makes me want to push right. I check with a T. She's with a T. With two smelly chin. Two smelly chin. A floated and a fleet back in. The T. She wants a lady. I just stop her music. And with the horn, ask with some like this. But we find that amusing from that self-remoting of women. How much were you pay? How much were you pay? Four monarchs, pay. Four monarchs, pay. Five in church. Three melons, pay. A bunch of women living in the church of that city. I wish you all would leave me alone. I'll just find you if you want to be with me. I wish you would leave me alone. I wish you would be with me. I wish you would be with me. I'm about to fall in the end. So, who do you think you're a fooling? You've had a conscious ugly smelly thing. You're really matrutsch in a dread. And you know who you think it's a kind thing. You should probably double-pelines in day county. We tag day county. We tag day county. We tag get to them for lover money and day. Baby, dinner and a door nail. Five six seven oh five sixty. Pound five sixty on the AT&T line. There's a lady in plantation. Hello. Lady in plantation. Oh yes, Neil. I've been waiting so long. This is my first call to a talk show. And I'm, I just love to hear your enthusiasm about St. Louis Cardinals. I'm not a choir. I'm not a choir. I'm about the same as Cardinals. Cardinals stink. I'm not a Tuesday. Well, I know what I mean. You're talking about McGuire. Yeah. You just think it was a choir. Well, that's a immaterial. Yeah. But anyway, I've been following the same as Cardinals. And the gas house gang since it was 11 years ago. Nice hearing from you. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day one and a row. Five six seven. What are you laughing about? I'm not going to. This is on every time no matter what it is. The only people you can hear it. I'd like to go to give me Rogey Vashra. I'm with hockey. Okay. People I want to go back a hundred years and talk about the gas. I got your gas. Let me hear a sweet. I'm not out of here. Her first and last call. I'll do a talk show. We can only pray. I don't give a crap about the St. Louis Cardinals in dizzy children's Goodnight. Manheen deense of it. Well the people in an sensory�leg . Box r Andiberal ofact was originally started... And they don't cut fire tables there or they don't know them You have any of them left in your portion left in your portion left in your portion left in your pathetic little body, pathetic little body you have two. Five, five, six, seven, homie flies. The next homie right now. Let me tell you how to cut crap where it is. Just any place, please any place, please any place, please any place, please get me out out of here, please, please, please, please, please, please. I'm ready to return to religion. I'm going to go home and pray to God. Any God, go to Confucius. You name it. There's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir? You people are unbelievable. There's beyond description. It's a quickly unbelievable, the people in this town. You know, you need to rip it. And that's what I was going to talk about. Ripley rip can, yeah. Ripley rip can same same thing. No, that night's at Ripley did his thing. You know, that was fun. I was just fighting. But last but not like this. No, it was nothing compared to this. And you know, the other big difference. Ripkin, you knew two years in advance. Oh, well, if he continues to play everything today, it'll be on this day. If you don't get it, it'll be on this day. That's right. That's right. That's right. So everyone, it's funny, but nobody was coming. But I'm contented. You know, I would have witnessed a higher thing. I mean, that was just the only drawback of that same. That's what I was like, what a ride. Did you ever could you have been spoken to any of those? I did. I didn't stick around that long. I didn't see anything. But he said man in a suit. He's just a dead guy. He's like, you looked at. Yeah. He looked like he was just kind of standing there. I was probably going to be hanging around with Bob Costa's. And the Costa's was telling the stories about his relationship with Barry Jackass at the Hill. It could have been. Meanwhile, you've been to the promised land up there in Barra County. What's the look like? What's the info on it? I can't even describe it. It's so beautiful that you're going to cry. If you cried tears during last night's event, you'll cry a thousand times more tears. It's so beautiful. I would imagine you're not going to the thing on Saturday because you've already had your private. I'm already. I'm not only saw my seat. I had my ass and my seat already. And then you're right. Something else to do. It was very comfortable. And it's a beautiful place you love it. What? Tell me again with this year. 101. 101. So that's, uh, look at my little child. I have your right. I'm right there. No. Right. I said red line. Oh, the center red line, yeah. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. How high up? Just high in our recovery. Perfect. Something like that. 17. All right. Don't be dropping nothing on my seat. Neal. Every good time. Okay. Have a great time. Get out of here. My client junior. We have an open line. I'm not playing no more of those highlights. I'll take it right now. All the time that I wasted. Okay. We hear a little bit of Mike. I love Mike. I love my hockey. How do you get into the field? Are you out of here if you're not working? We are. Now, let's go to the field. Let's go to the field. And what's the bomb being? Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing today? No. Great. I got to say it. It's your community. I was by man. I had to hear coming down. Yeah. It's pretty emotional. It's great thing to see. I thought this town would be like on a dance. Like every other red-blooded city in America. I bet you even batted in New Yorkers have in Parades, Lee Roy in New York. I bet you they're all foaming at the Moscow. I'm so excited from last night. And these people like why? Something happened that we don't know about? Yeah. And these are Christ on Monday. Are these people ever going to transcend their gator and know Semero and Hurcune dropping? Is that as far as they can go in their sports lives? I think they need stupid, gruel school sitin down and these Tennessee state they ought to be embarrassed. I think it's just not for it. I just threw it in down there. And then they got these blows. I was like, oh, you know, so score an 8 million points. They may even forget the gruel school. That's a lot of points to score. Well, that's great. Oh, the goddamn ticket tape for 8 for you. But do other days, it can't beat that get a meat? Yeah, that's right. They're trying, though. Yes, sir. I always Georgia the great job. That's what I hear. And he hit the nail on the admin. I'm really letting him take over right now and go out and extend it vacation as long as that money keeps low and have a great day, pal. That's right. Georgia's taking over right now. And he's going to talk to you. He's going to talk about that Mark McWyer night last night. Even though he knows nothing about it, I guarantee he'd listen to some serious serious response out of this crowd, which I just can't do. Which I just can't do it. Yes, I can't do it. Let's go to Miami, hello. Miami. Hi, how you doing? OK, sir. All right. Well, first of all, I don't like baseball. But last night, I watched the game. I paid to it. It was one of the best things I ever saw my wife reaction afterwards when he picked up the sun, when he hugged the mayor's family. Right. That was just, it was beautiful to watch. And I'm not a baseball fan whatsoever. But last night, if you couldn't get emotionally involved into that, you have to be dead. Yeah, yeah. And which is what this whole community is. Yeah, but not late. Yeah. But it was beautiful. It was beautiful. And then when they put them in that 62-core vet at the end, I didn't see that. And they drove around. They put his son in the front seat. Now, I mean, it was great. drove all around the stadium. And he sat on top of the car. I'm going to have to tape people. I'm going to go in one row. I'm going to go in one set. Yeah, it was great. It wasn't a fix. No, I see. Yeah. So I mean, yeah. So I mean, I got that on tape. I got that on tape. You want to watch it. But I think G.N. G.N stuck with the whole postgame thing too. So much to be done on here. There was a big Fox N.G.N. Well, this was like about an hour after, you know, after the game after it's press conference. Right. He came back out. But it was beautiful. And whoever it doesn't like didn't watch that. They can go to hell. Yeah, they just made this something great. OK, I've agreed to. Hi, bye, bye. See, there you go. There's a guy. He says it was a good time. I enjoyed it. I'm not saying this is the end of the goddamn world. I'm not saying it's, you know, the resurrection of Jesus or anything like that. Touchdown, Jesus. There you go. I'm telling you, man, I discovered that trout at Turin. Leave it to me, man. I'm sure. I'm the one guy in the universe that could come up with that crap. Touchdown, Jesus. All you know today, Matt, Matt, I hope they, I hope that every game may play from now on at the birds of paradise to dump all of their helmets. OK. With those ugly, grotesque uniforms to theirs, they make me want to fart. I'd rather, I'd rather root for a goddamn, ha, hafst drug. They got a thing. What's that bogus school and Rob Kaplow went to? What was that? My, my, a brand I, oh, you have brand eyes. I'd rather root for that Jewish school. Any day of the week than for Notre Dame, OK? Bunch of our business glam over there in South Bend. Ever been in South Bend, I've been there whole, man. You talk about a place. Yeah, that's a compliment. It's 11 past noon at five. Well, and we had it here, heard it here. You had it here. First, the Marlins have been sold. Who, by Wayne, baby? I have a feeling John Henry finally pwned up the cash. And John Henry was a pony. One a pretty good one. Pwned up the cash, the Marlins have been sold. It's official. We just got the word from the inside. Not from back at the QA in place over on Sheridan Street. From one of our inside spies, who's got spies within the high-pingo organization, the Marlins have been sold, baby. And on to soon. Goodbye, Florida's team. Nice, wild, and lasting. By the lighting of Florida, tradition of apathy. When you paint the game too well, next season will be hell. Thanks to that Folly Master. Widing about how he lost his lunch money, so he gave you up like a balcony set of searched balls. And now you're all gonna leave after what you look into their world series ring. Looks like you're leaving. Will be hoaching double air again. The big counters don't fare no better. How long you try? I'd like to see Wayne come in to a side. Jump off his wallet and die. Good five, Florida's team. A darn good thing that you played in the county college. Much fun. And when the Panthers come. Do their new arena. I wouldn't be surprised if I sang a gives them up. Should they ever win the Stanley Cup. And now you're all gonna leave after what you look into where a world series ring. Looks like you're leaving. Will be hoaching double air again. I'd like to see Wayne come in to a side. Jump off his wallet and die. The Mollins are holding a press conference later on. And I mean, I don't want to answer no questions. But you can take it right from the horses. Correct. That they've been sold. John Henry, baby. So not waste the timing of this rather curious by the way. After all these weeks and months and months and it seems like years of having and hoeing and dying smiley this and this one. And right on the day after all this enthusiasm, although we don't see any of it here, after all this euphoria, Mark McLean, hit number. We're 62. And all of a sudden we get an announcement that the Marlins are being sold by by the Wayne and the here comes John Henry. And guess what we need a stadium. We'd like to have some of my public money. You know what the answer should be? No. You bet. Two open lines in date. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, how's it going now? Okay sir. Well that's great news right after Mark McLean had 62 on Wayne's out of here. Just a matter of hours later and all of a sudden they sell a baseball team on the very next day. Ready, interesting to me. That's, I don't think in turning around. But I tell you, um, you think we ought to build a stadium form? I don't know. I don't know because I know. I, I, I, I, I, I. I love words in your mouth. No. Okay. No. That sounds good to me. No. But, uh, yesterday was, it was fantastic. I tell you, in a household full of Brazilians who were to be watching baseball and, uh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, you know how it's actually pumping. I think that's the plate, you know, like, you know, like, like, could this be it? Could this be the one? Yeah. And, um, and for my dad, a raw people, I mean, he wouldn't know baseball from a horse ball if he was holding it in his hand. Okay. And, uh, even he was, uh, was just like taken with it. I mean, you, you just, and you know the best part is, sort of, first, you know, I mean, this guy didn't want to 140 games. Right. He's what he's been walked like 140 times. Ford Freak wasn't there. He really didn't have to do with the difference. The number of games that had to do with the fact that Ford Freak was good buddies with Bay Brew. Then he was going to do anything in his power to try to undermine Mirrus's record. So that's what that was all about. So you know, everybody could put this down except the course for those people. Or it's still going to be screaming about all that androble for you. That's probably one thing they can harp on. You see, taking into a hit. The 444 games will be able to do it if you did. But they're just, you know, pull a crown at the moon, you know, so. But that's that's great. And I hope when getting out of here quick, I hope you sell as well. I guess I hope you have to sell the dolphins. But he really hasn't, uh, sure, changed them. Well, let's hope that the Panthers are next. He says he wants out and let's open the door for him and see how fast he can run. All right. Let's hope. Okay, pal. Take care. See you. That's right. In fact, we're going to call our buddy Chuck over to the sub center. We're going to have Chuck Packus, a lot of his sandwich for Wayne. Stayed him is only right up the road there. And we're going to have a delivery of career. Bring it to Wayne right there on Sunday during the dolphin game. Since there'll be a few thousand empty seats. Maybe the career can find us, but to sit. Deliver Wayne is salami salmon. Well, pack you a whole bunch of sandwiches, baldy on a way out of town. Have a nice life. Or not. Here's the lady mobile and dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Okay. I'm a lady that watched that game and I had Chuck on the down my spine. Wait. Only today. And I want to tell you 20 minutes. Yeah. It was great to have something to have children to look up to. Right. The question is, is a bench. This man is a bench. Right. And the guy in the whole thing is like a room. Can you just now a terrific tour? Right. Now don't have to give up my seats. Okay. Maybe you can pack a sandwich too. Pack your will. Okay. Great taste. We have an open line today. One at Broward. Oh, geez. I'm blowing smoke all over to place here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Okay. Mark McWire hits number 62. The Marlins are being sold. John Henry. They're dropping nuclear weapons on Key West. There are 5 million illegal aliens coming on board. All have little brown toiled is with him in plateable toiled. Anybody got anything to say about those things? Okay. Let's move on. How about men's mipples? No. No nipples. How about nipple rings? How about giving us a ring? Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. How about the AT&T? Is about ready to start the... You know, him breaking the record. You know, he was incredible and everything. But I think the range between him and Salsa is getting ready to heat up. I don't. Right. You don't think? No. I think Sammy's gone into a little bit of a funk. He's not looking good at the plate. He's swinging bad pitches right now. He's gone into a little bit of a slump in the glare. He's losing contact with him. Yeah. I think McWire's gonna win it. But you know. I see about him. I think it is 69 to 65. How does that sound? Well, I mean, you know, Sammy, he's doing it. And the month of June I believe he is 20. He can heat up any moment. That's true. And of course, how would it be if he wants a pit and 65 home runs? And he's kind of like an afterthought. That would be pretty pathetic. I don't think so. I think he had a lot to do with this home run. Yep. I sure loved the way to St. Louis fans treated him like that. That was great. And those two teams are real rivals though. That's right. But those are real sports fans. I think I'm having... All right. Oh! We have two open lines in day and fine. He said, let's get that parkmark mother. Scorotting here is what he said. Now what the hell's wrong with that? I say, all right. Amen. Two open lines in day and county. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. There is good news tonight. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi there. Nails at you. That's me. Hi. I listen to you every single day and my mother is 74 and she listens to you also. Oh. I also watched the game last night. Yeah. I think it did a jump start. Poor some of us down here. We're all kind of disappointed about Wayne. But we have good news, huh? Yeah, we have great news. That's wonderful. They're truly sold. Yes. You think he'll... Absolutely positive. You think he'll build a stadium? Well, he's got nothing to do with it. Oh, no. No. Well. John Henry, who's got lots and lots of money and Henry has already said that if he has to use his own funds, he would prefer to get some public funding to which I would say, low. But if he has to use his own funds, he might go ahead and build a stadium anyway. Well, that's probably true. Well, that's probably true. Well, that's probably true. Well, that's probably true. Well, that's probably true. Well, that's probably true. But I love you. You are hilarious. And I agree with almost everything you say. And God bless you. Thank you. The Burn & Prower,ators are coming outside France. Okay. The Burn & Prower Club is now coming out. We've got. Presidential Month Democratic Justice on this law has been an aircraft line, a comedian, president of Hong Kong They do they have a day I'll tell you that this audience is up for me cry Let me ask you who you think a wing type finger cry like I did let you know no He's crying all the way to the bank He didn't know that don't you remember what he said a couple of weeks ago. He doesn't understand why people are really sports fans He said made that comment. He doesn't get it. You know the minute that they he hit a home run and everybody was crying and celebrating The first thing that came to my mind was I Wonder how how how Wayne I think is feeling right now Yeah, you'll probably visit count money. Have a great day amigo date counties wide open all three lines in date quite as a church mouse 567 056 the in pump I've 60 on the 18 T wireless line Pomp and OB chill oh Yes, what the owners of vent fine at the destroy to greed and the players who prostitutes themselves just for money. No no team loyal Yeah, I think that Martin McGuire has almost probably even and I hope it keeps going in that direction Okay, and sinway to sandwich don't forget Have a great day, pal. Everybody get out the syran wrap we're packing Wayne a sandwich and saying bye-bye See ya see ya bald headed mother Sure We have an open line in date one in Broward 567 0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line as the apathy continues here Unavated is I continue pounding and squeezing and begging and pleading and getting on my knees like Monica and doing everything in my power Do we listen some kind of emotional or other response even on emotional response from a deader than a goddamn door nail place I'm begging you if there's anybody listening on the internet right now anywhere in the free world please send us a rubber raft send us something please get us out of here immediately if not sooner Give me my airline book, okay. You want it's got all the flights good. You will stay anywhere in the world and even some places out of this world No, you don't have them here. I got them at home. Believe me and right there on a coffee table. I got all the yellow. That's right piled up like this I got a stack of tickets from here to your rainous man I got those days locked in I can't remember what my name is but I got those dates and times and the flight numbers locked right into my brain Here's a mobile in Lake Worth hello Mobile in Lake Worth oh yes sir. I'm here this phone system blows That's okay not your fault is because Greg read is a cheap prick go ahead sir My kids are watching it. Yeah, unfortunately They come up to me and that and they dad what is this steroids that he's baking I thought I'm listening that's nothing, you know Careful the kids don't understand what they're talking about and then they can not You know, I think that he's doing something wrong. I told my kids you can go anywhere It's the shame that They had to bring any of that that's right. It's a false assholes all those sports writers and people like default wouldn't have been talking about that crap Then none of these kids would know about it in the first place because it doesn't amount to a people on the snow All right, now I was at the world series last year Yeah, it is you know what Do what I Really didn't want I didn't go back to any games this year. Yeah, and I was really out of baseball So this was wired. That's right, and that's not the only thing that can't be in baseball Yeah, and I think they deserve a lot of trouble. Amen. Have a great day, pal. Okay, God bless you Mark Come and do go McDonald McDonald what are your names? We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 5 Steve on the 5 60 on the 18 T line 12 27 at 5 6 demand who brought some joy back to America September South Florida where joy is an illegal word Isn't that hey when you think QAM's your self-law to home for the Florida state Seminoles Again this year join Jean Decker-Hoff for the play play right here Saturday the nose take on North Carolina state In times research on sports radio 5 60 QAM Brackham pal at damn their children I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility I will not play here because I will not have you guys Look at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else I want to give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss I'm gonna give you a kiss Ah got me fancy Singin' FORURE NILL recognise поп keep your voice You've gotta all right And when you really wanted to get over the bridge Get no cercana Be good 16 and three 16 so I were public by the way. You know what I'm just about the way. The way in high ping itself to mallins that's one down and two to go. That's for you Wayne. This one is for you. And this one too and here's another one and here's a couple more. Just in case you don't get the message. Ball that is geek. Don't understand it. How come people don't like him anymore? How come they boot him opening day? Because you keep screwing everybody in the back. Okay, Ball that's why. How's that the panther stock coming by the way? How does hotel's here has come? How's all that money that you and your cronies put in your pocket from a peddle and those hotels back to the corporation? How's that come? Yeah. Poor baby. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. You have to enjoy my guard today because he's going to die soon with all the men made almost he's taking. Okay. Thank you. All the man made homos. We have an open line of date. There's another great positive call for you. Go back to whatever banana boat island you came off. Okay, pal. I have no idea where you came from. But we'll send you a fact take some of the sandwiches. We're packing for Wayne. We got plenty more cold cuts over there and send them to this guy. Put them on a goddamn bus. Not easy to get to an island by bus. But in this case we'll make an exception for this asshole. Okay. He's an asshole. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Uncle, yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Can you believe you people? Oh yes. I believe I go through this every day of my life. I know. I feel for you. Listen. I just do this. Can you come in and what's going on? With what? The Marlins have been sold. They're going to be holding a press conference later on. John Henry obviously is the buyer since the dance might be been out of this for a long time. And that's it. You think Uncle carries the press conference? Yeah. I'm sure we will if it's during a show. And obviously will be. Okay. Great. Listen. One more thing. I've got my girlfriend. Did you do anything to you? Yes sir. You love you. All right. All right. God bless her. Stay there now. I'm you too. So, buddy. There you go. How do you like that? All you got to tell these young ladies. You got to try new things. And I know sometimes that works. Sometimes it don't. We have two open lines in date county five six seven. Five six. The Pope five six. The only 18. The wireless line. Good by Wayne and the Marlin. John Henry who's got a few bucks. And it's niprusted by the way. Of course, I know don't want to prejudge because we already just like the song said about Wayne in the beginning. We thought he was Santa Claus. But John Henry unlike Don Smiley who wanted to run his scaled down bull crap a single A by minor league ball club and expect to build it up over next 500 years. And he was going to know. But he wants that. John Henry says if he breaks even he'll be real happy he's not going to do this because of the money he wants to make a real commitment to software and maybe we'll pony up a few bucks here there for a stadium. Which I have my doubts but nevertheless. But at least here's a guy who hopefully has got some better intentions instead of having us be the locking stock of the whole goddamn country. Although we ought to be used to it by now. Here's a mobile and point and be. Hello. Yes sir. Listen, I want to change the topic here a little bit. I want to talk about remember last year when I'm marino was struggling a little bit. Okay, right. He said that we're talking about damn marino. That's right. And they're just hoping right now he stays healthy because they know that Craig Harrison blows. I've told you that. Craig Harrison blows. Why does Craig Harrison blow you might ask the question because we all know where he went to school. I can't. I can't. Why should he be any different? He ain't no Gino to read a by the way. They had some guy who's 25 years old on the you will have a football squad. He says, oh, this is nothing. There's somebody on the F.S. He's got 27. Plan college football. Well, he's an 18th year senior. And he was red shirt and green shirt and white shirt and no shirt and under shirt and now he's like 45 years old. Like you know, to read a was when it was here. See, that's why Gino could make it in the NFL because by the time he got out of the win, he was like 76. Here's the call from San Juan. Any deal? Yes, sir. How the hell am I? I'm not sure if I can say that. Sure. I'm pretty good. Yeah, it's causing you a lot of money to call you. So I mean, I got a lot to say. And then when we finish, he'll put me in hold the one who's a little bit. Okay, a little bit. I don't have a computer and I can't get you on the internet. Okay. I moved from there in June for, you know, I had it for contract. It's going to be up at the end of this most ongoing back. But I want to come back here. Oh, God. It's right out to the park. It's right out to the park. It's pretty bad here. It's dark. It's pretty bad here. It's dark. It's dark. It's dark. People are crazy here. I mean, not nothing against anybody but in the mud or Rico. Yeah, I mean, it's like animals and, Oh, you know, if you'll write it home then. It's just congested. It's like, you know, a lot of people here. Sounds like Karakas. And it's just, you know, not the crime business as much as my amy and not, but it's just, it's just a total different world. Like a rural country. It takes a lot longer to kill people with Swiss blades there. It does. It does. It's really frustrating. Well, what's up with you? I mean, I can't tell me a little bit what's been going on over there. I've been on the dark there. What's off going on over there? You're dolphins want a game. We've got 4,500 unsold seats for Sunday and they're on here this morning. Bigging for people to buy the seats of the game doesn't get blacked out. Mark McGuire hits number 62 last night. The people that they couldn't give a crap. What does the plane do Sunday? And what's the plane to Buffalo bills? And it's not sold out. I can't wait to see 500 unsold tickets. I like that. I see it over here because I got a sports bar here that has a satellite. All right. But I can't believe that. Believe it. Well, that's just a very dangerous thing. And Wayne just sold the marlins. How do you like that? Wayne just the sale of the marlins will be announced this afternoon. It's official. Finally. John Henry be buying the marlins. He's a god with a lot of money. Oh, the wharf it is miley. That's miley small potatoes. He's like tagly in the godfather. He's small potatoes. Hey, I missed you man. You know that. I'm not gay, but I miss it. Really. You don't have to be gay to miss this show. As I'm doing it. So we're not going to go. When you're talking to a lot of money. You're a prison bitch. I want to hang on you. Okay. How about a dial tone sounds good to me. Okay. We have an open line in date. How come I couldn't get rid of him? I put there. There he goes. He's a good line in date. Well, he starts making 500 requests. Put me on hold. Now, I want to hear this. I want to get out of here. That dial tone is free. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Anybody want to pony up some public funds for John Henry to build a new stadium? Do we care? Are we that sucked in by this Mark McWyer thing? To now spend public funds to build a new stadium to keep the marlins in town? No. You know, when you're looking at the ball. We're going to kick it tonight. Kick it tonight. Kick it tonight. Come on. Drop the wall. We're going to kick it tonight. Hey. Jim, Kelly, by the coronavirus. All right. Did your mother ever trust and brightest? Did your father ever tell you that if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything you want. Did your older sister ever come home from college crying or eyes out? Because the world was unfair and she was stuck in a rut. Well, she was the only person in your family that wasn't full of a big old balance. The world is tough. And chances are you aren't the best or the brightest. And when you put your mind to things, you still come up short. To get ahead in this world, you need to keep lying steel or get breast implants. We need every little edge you can get in this rat race you call life. This message brought to you by the Society of Realists who would like to remind you that a BJ isn't a bad way to apply for a new job. Okay. Works around here. I'm sure 1244 at 5.60 WQA. And by the way, was that out Rogers on line five that I just cut off? He's an asshole. Okay, that's why I cut him off. Open line and date one in Broward 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Four Lodernale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You ought to send Wayne the Realte Chat. If it weren't for bitching about him, you'd lose half the content of your show. Uh-huh. Well, I'm glad you can quote chapter and verse everything I talk about. That's good. We like Laura Listeners like you sir. Well, your show's kind of like a car wreck. I can't help you. Oh, that's good. I'm glad we're a keep for us, but then and the rubber neck and a two. Okay, pal. We have an open line at Broward 560. How did I survive all those years before Wayne came to town? Oh, my God. How did I manage to survive all those years before we ever heard of this ball headed garbage peddler? Oh, he's got some excuse. If I weren't for this, if I weren't for that, I'd talk about whatever's going on. Okay, pal. And believe you may, Wayne is what's going on. Unfortunately, released in part has been going on. But maybe we're finally getting rid of his ass. At least in part. Maybe about half of his retombs on a way out. Here's the lady in Fort Laudernale. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Niel. My name is Teresa. My husband is a big sports fan and he used to turn you on. So I was listening. And he got me kind of addicted to, yeah. He used to turn me on. You know what I mean? Anyway, he's taking me to Colleen Dion in the new stadium. Oh, good. Is he going to take me to Colleen Dion in the new stadium? Oh, good. Is he going to take me to Colleen Dion in the new stadium? Oh, you're going to love the stadium. You won't like Celine Dion. She's pathetic. Mask. Grow task. Really? No. Well, what makes you say that? And she makes me nauseous. I want to vomit when I hear her name. And if I have to hear one more note of any song from it, then get out of here with her. From that titanic with that little faggot in there, I can't stand it. But I hope you'll love it. It's a great play. Thank you very much, Niel. It's great talk. Say hi to Liel. Okay, bye bye. I was Liel doing, but oh, and there was a thing on one of the tabloids. So you don't must be true about how the cops were called because the neighbors were complaining they were having a big orgy in his hotel suite. And who the hell was having an orgy right out there in a balcony? You know, they got all these chicks that keep coming over there. There was lesbian's having a orgy out on there. No Liel to be seen anywhere. I wonder who he was inside with. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, right. All this pony baloney bull crap. Oh, well, Liel has been in there. Oh, he's going with this one. And he's got more beards than God damn what's his name? Whoever's got a beer. Then Luchiano Pavroti. He's got a big one and a beard too. Can't sing a note anymore. In fact, he's even worse than Andrea Bochellina. If they just should want to read the way to the goddamn mic, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Liel. So, but here on, Andrea. Yes, sir. You got back from Vegas for some while. I'm surprised. First time, maybe the steak you're going to the buffet is, though. Wouldn't recommend them. Why not? Well, I have to run to the bathroom before even finish the meal. Yeah. Like, being in Disney through the line. But I was just wondering if you knew why all the people that got walked through the casino and they were going to get out from mile an hour. Kind of get Dave from come to use. Yeah. I'm not coming to head. What are you saying? You had a bad time in Vegas. That was a great time. I'm trying to walk through the casino and everybody says, Well, it's because there's a lamb at the loss, though, to understand they're looking around. They get like the first time I went at the MGM grand the day that it opened. And I had brutal man. I'm like, I kept getting lost. And I kept looking up at the side to try to find some landmark. How to hell. I get out of here when I'm ready. It's not easy. Yep. How to great time. Well, welcome back to a deadly place, pal. Thank you, mutton. Okay, you're welcome. We have an open line in Dave, 567. How's that Markman Waryd? You can bet to the folks who we stand there. What's up, a green farm. What is that? The whole thing he's done, baby. Let's be. You know what's her done in big mancland and all over the lower deck. And left the left center field. Come on, Jeff. Let's go in. Let's show that Foxwood is all about. Let's take that off. And rocket. He's dead. He's dead. He's dead. He's dead. He's dead. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, right. There he goes. Short and sweet. Open line in Dave County, 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Port Jack Fuckman. This guy's going out like a fool. On KMOX. Who's doing a radio games with his son, Joe Buck would Joe's. Okay, but he blew the call as night. But they had the Jack Fuck on the run on the same. The GM telecast. Oh, my god. This guy's either pie eyed. He's like, stoned out of his mind, totally seen out. Totally seen out. Even Harry in his final days with sensational compared to poor Jack buck. He likes slurring his worth all over the place. That's gone Jack Jack buck to and Rochester Redway's 1952. Let's hear it. Tom Decker. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir Yes, what ever happened to guy you know what type of on a year years ago guilt What you know when you come back to over who killed it never heard of them all What you want to you want to date you want to date Okay, we have an open line of day to one in Broward. Oh God God. It's almost one at one o'clock I thought it was like almost two o'clock. Oh my god I just worked up at the clock in my whole life started spinning right in front of my eyes. I thought it was like a living Go to not 11 until 1 o'clock. Oh Jesus I feel like I sat down here like only what 17 18 days ago Man, oh man drawn and quartered would be a tremendous enjoyment compared to this Opening in date County. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with a program. Let's hear all these enthusiastic people Let's have a reflect on the software to wait and sell in the Marla. Part of the wire big Mac hit 62 Life is sweet the market's only down 114 point all right. Let's do it Here's a lady in crossbrings. Hello. Hi, I'm Emma. I'm a fledging sports journalist myself and Watching Mark McGuire hit 62 last night and then his Tribute Samara family was just beautiful That's what they thought is about and what it should be about what it used to be about yeah But it used to be about and it's what it should be about today and the kids giving back the balls down here $1 million for a ball that should be in the Hall of Fame is ridiculous and I'm glad it bounced back into the field All that was the best part of the whole thing that about not then a back out of the field But it was under the ground through that and you could see him during the same ring up to and say here's your ball All right, that was great and I have for a public fund for New stadium for the Marla justice ridiculous Because you can't still be stating that you got it. Oh, that's right You can't go to the same you got right. They want to build a donor and down in Miami again Everything they're gonna stick over there in Miami so we can stick some more money in Mickey Harrison's pocket What the hell do I want to go to Miami? I want to hear you come on the break and they put the new hockey arena up there and proud because nobody wants to go To Miami what the other we need a stadium in Miami for I'm a great thing. I don't blame you Have a great day thinking into a brick wall into a brick wall at the old brick yard with Jim Gordon. How's he doing Jeff Gordon? What did you for mail-on? No, he's done no. He's done no. He's done no. He's dead. Remember how's Ralph Kindredo and anybody know? How's that the bell ticker bells policy coming? No, I Think that we ought to go back to country music is what I said The bumper stickers for it Country K baby because there's no sports fans that is done that's right here. We go let's hear it Let's start winning and pick it baby Tick until I think please all over Ooh, very good. That was great. It's 11 10. It's nine of them. It's a little before one and I'm psychotic because I thought it was a little before it does Do I remember Thomas eat do I threw away? You too, hey yeah, why don't you go back to know you're not your watch bastard To blow up sheep all of a sudden they all came back Here's pop at OB chill. Oh, I know. Yes, sir. I'll get a cock fight last night. I got pub or I And doesn't know doesn't the mark where I have a wife? Yeah, I'm short anything like that. Yes, you does and I love O. J and I love Okay, great. Okay, we have an open line in the day where I'm interested in what you drink for breakfast. Okay, pal one and broored five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line There's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir I know you keep saying nobody cares nobody cares. Oh, what are you facing that on? I'm basing on listening for the last three hours and four minutes to wake your capony of lack of interest That's what I'm basing it on Everybody in Miami list this year show. I'm talking about the people in this audience and the people here on the rest of this station Sir, I want to think there's a lot of people that you know in Miami to do care with it on the front page of the Harold today Yes, sir, and it was other front page of the Sun sent on every other major news They've had this main people care about it. There's a lot of stuff that's other front page of the paper and people there couldn't give a crap less Oh, I want a people don't care about hockey. Yeah, and what does that have to do with it? Who's talking about hockey? You are no you are asshole We have an open line in Broward five six seven put else talking about hockey here today I'm the pizza planning it's out Science hallucinating man. He's having a good vibration somewhere probably deep inside his record Open line in Broward five six five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line see these people all think there's so cute I'm gonna call off and get him really worked up like I want to help you a crap I get a big fat check here every couple of weeks which by the way tomorrow ought to be payday actually if they were You're on your teeth that check is sitting up there and medium sting right now. I guarantee that It's the ninth but they're gonna make me wait till the tenth because today is nine nine Nineteen 98 Joe Costello reminds us Was still ever gonna stop picking on put Robert. Oh How about Lenny? No Here well, listen he might as well not stop picking he gets the blame for it Joe and Tommy over there They get to blame making three dollars and seventy five cents an hour they get blamed for the fact these crappy spots are on a year With people that can't even speak the language. Let me say it again. It all goes right back to the top the program director The sales manager the general manager it all goes back not only to bad management, but no management Nobody is in charge. That's why we don't even have a schedule for this week Hank's on from to the six. I assume from shoelaces it's Wednesday and I'm after that who knows? And we got a marlin's game. I guess tonight Marlin's have been sold. Thank God We know who's on from a six to eight or a whenever and we don't what's all was that? West something and lightning like the end of the world out there. All right there we go Jamm and Jim Mandage Jim Mandage Jim Mandage is on There you go He didn't go to that crappy Michigan school. I couldn't tackle my grandmother didn't he? All right love that mad dog Let's go to a crawl table. Hello Neil yes, sir. Is that a marlin still thing straight up? Is that a real straight up? Oh really is straight as it gets maybe a little curved on the end, but it's straight up That's great. Oh, I just we've been mentioned that last night. I think ABC news they were saying how There was actually a guy in the Negro baseball league. It's 72 home runs. Yeah 19 hours. They're just far too late, yeah, and so they're saying you know that Why don't we don't hear about that? Probably because nobody gives a crap about this for its a baseball league Yeah, but they were just pointing out They were probably hitting like watermelons and stuff like that didn't have no real baseballs I'm gonna probably whack in golf balls Could be in fact you know those special balls the special mark falls that McGuire when he came every time it came up to bat And which I didn't know about till somebody called yesterday and I noticed it last night they had golf balls inside But anyway I was gonna say about the whole thing with Clinton and this misconduct and how it's so harmful to every I don't hear misconduct, yeah, yeah, I mean I don't know why Reagan falling asleep during meetings on policy matters and all that isn't more harmful than Clinton having You know, potential sex with somebody And not only that, but doesn't strike you as very odd. It was the 17th of August the day he came on that night and made that rather Interfectual speech of his right and here it's like almost a month later now and for the days and weeks that followed that Nobody was saying much of anything and all of a sudden it's getting starting to get real close to election time all these people including his fellow Democrats are Pinging their pants. Oh, this is outrageous and of course because they know that with the leaks You know, there's gonna be nothing and Ken stars report. They've already leaked this nothing about white water Which is what the investigation was originally all about nothing about file gate nothing about travel gate nothing about the bill gates Nothing about any other it's all about Monica Lewinsky and his screw in around a lying about it like everybody else does And you're also the only person who keeps pointing out that she actively pursue Absolutely, I really no question about a cheese toll all her friends anybody who listen that she went out there with their Presumential knee pad she went there. She floored it with him. She wore a skinny clothing She did everything and her power to get his attention which didn't take much and and she's being portrayed as this innocent victim and she should Apah, he should apologize to her. She should apologize to the whole world for what she's put us through because she's a bitch with a big mouth Absolutely correct God bless you sir You haven't had a great life Josh Gibson hit 84 in the Negro League. Thank you. Don't you see I hate to break the news to you Donnie be your good guy even whether without your condoms But you know nobody cares we care about Bob Gibson we do we give a hood about who keeps in yeah We cared about him But we don't care about what was it again? I see I forgot all I don't say it again I already forgot just in a matter of moments we care about sermon gifts and it used to be a big fat bore back in the days when championship bowling was big I'm TV we don't give a crap about Gibson some old scarcer, okay? We don't care if you want to do sports trivia Do it on your own talking baseball show Donnie be Because guess what nobody cares about the olds farce a league and nobody cares about the Marlins either It's a now they've been sold Open line in date County 567560 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line That was down one oh nine that's next on 16.40. I'm there you go If you're here Hey As I take off my pajamas there are rug burns on my knees Suzanne that's my horny watch He's waiting anxiously I'm up to pill and I'll sit back and watch that sucker grow Thanks to modern medicine. It's an ex-sex rated show Oh, I had grudges the only thing for me Because once I couldn't get it up now I have a big wee Now I'm getting lots of sex at night things to that pill My wife screams out by a grunt when I'm going in for the kill I'm not ashamed to admit my wife She takes it to her little laser triple these I swear her boo these groove Oh, I had grudges the only thing for me Because once I couldn't get it up now it hangs way past my knee Okay, what 13 in 560 WKM to a clock right up the press conference They weren't gonna interrupt this y'all. I'm hearing damn tea of that plus they're gonna do it the beginning of Hank show So that you know there'll be something for you to chew on for next 8 million hours The marlins are having a press conference in two to what I said Wayne has sold a team to John Henry We have an open line in date 560 560 course George knows all about John Henry the race horse There's something George can suggest you to do didn't he used to wild Piled drive in railroad He had piles Okay, let's go. Maybe that's why they retired him. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Oh Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, okay now of the record's broken Which one you think is gonna be more difficult? How about the magis record? Do you think it's gonna be more more difficult? No, he's gonna break it. You don't think it about don't get the I understand I'm correct if I wrote that after he went Without hates that day he went on about 20 or 22 more games after right yeah Boy, what I mean Let you see I mean I realize that there are other records several which may never be broken, but none of them are is role-mantic as Is glorified as the home run record? I mean there's something else. Oh, yeah Of course, I don't home run. It's like immediate and thrilling and exciting and that's that's the ultimate. You know Yeah, you know, let's talk about Rules and all that he's got he's still gonna have a bunch of records You're gonna be the first one that by six weeks The matter is gonna be the one that that's the clean one yeah, and my wife gonna be the king now And I probably he brought by the energy career. He probably gonna have More home rooms that all of them put together. No, I don't think so. Well, maybe no, oh maybe not Okay, yeah, I guarantee Ruth and Maris will not lose any sleep over. Oh, I don't think okay. Have a great day Me go. Okay. We have two open lines in date 56750560 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's Pompano. Hello Pompano yes, sir. Oh, it's not a surrogate's man. Yes, man. I just as Carol Some pomp no first time call it first time listener. Uh-huh. Yes. Hi. How are you doing? I'm okay, Carol? Good All my husband listens to you every day, so he come home for lunch and told me to listen to it and give you a call I am not a baseball fan Uh-huh But last night I've been watching this for last four or five nights and I thought it was beautiful because it made a history Hmm, I took time out the set and lunch. Well God bless you, Carol. Thank God for you and otherwise it that desolate place Wow, you guys true and then also I'm originally from Indiana so I would also love to see the cubs get in there and get it Oh, I'd like to send it down Burton get it too, you know. Oh, yeah, all right. Have a great day, Carol You're too in thanks for that. Thank you so much, you bet. Oh, by the way I also want a front page of the paper a Western stabbing victim was no fight of that 18 year old kid That got stabbed to that in a church parking lot in Davy. That's on the front page. Is anybody care about that? No, Clinton support Joe's McCain to a tight corner by buddy Nevin's the youngest, but is anybody care about that? No, that's on the front page. See this guy's giving me a song that's because the newspapers put it on the front page Therefore the people in Tom care. I mean, that's really twisted logic is it? You can put anything on a front page of a newspaper, which is on the front pages of even a goddamn Canon dig will whatever newspaper or the daily messenger what a memory But that doesn't mean that the people give a crap about it We have an open line in day one in Broward 567560 Pomp 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Boker, hello Neil Patrick Raff, and what do you think of them? Who? Patrick Raff in the test players real cuties your speed. I don't think anything. Oh, my never heard of odd You never heard of Mokassol one holiday parasol. Okay, Jackass. He's my speed. How do you know is he your speed two pounds that what you're saying? Uh-huh, Faggot Open line and date two and Broward 567560 Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Don't pay no attention to tennis bell. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello That's what I said a mobile in Miami that's exactly what I just said I just bought a I create the emotions of one half and yes, they were Mark the Guards. Yes, with 69 landing on the moon. Okay. Thank you. The 69 later animal. I see tremendous parallel between Mark McWire. See you now you're right. You're absolutely right. I tried to say at the beginning of the show today It was a tremendous event. It was exciting was a sports thing of course But it was something positive. There was a lot of emotion here and this guy's equating it with landing on the moon I was talking about here. This is asshole on a mobile Hello, Hank Neil. It's a boy. What happened? Did you come from I just threw a voice in the back? I just asked if I could go on. We just talked to John Henry And he told me that As far as he knows this press conference today is not about the sale of the marlins Although he is on his way to the stadium to have a meeting with them. Yeah, he's getting pretty close He feels but my guess is this is about they've been browsing And his status, you know whether he's gonna stay here or not nice and just Sales and the consummate. I think maybe talking about resigned and go to the dodge. Are you saying we got a bummer steer here today? I just talked to you know, I call him he called me back and yeah We talked for several minutes and he's very positive about the negotiations But they haven't completed him. He's actually going there for a meeting on stadium issues Yeah, but he said that he talked to Somebody in the locker door and the icing organization about an hour ago and He's been assured that this is not about a set about the Let me ask for this. So Hank, how could how could they be making a heaven of press conference about the Browsky status If the sale hasn't gone true because John Henry said that if he buys the team He wants to keep him unless the Browsky actually going somewhere well the Browsky has This would indicate to me that he's had an offer from the Dodgers and right and he has to move on it because I think the assistant general manager of The Orioles is another contender man. This town is just smoking about that home run last night Not The sumbo you last night. It was unbelievable even more unbelievable as the you like you know I don't know how you guys do it. I've said this many times before this is not and never gonna be a sports town These people know from nothing how you have to be the most wooden the most frozen person on the face of the earth Not to have been moved by not just the home run itself But all the stuff that went on here last night with a mirror family and with Sammy coming in from right field and all the stuff that went on It was just a great natural moment. It was like a throwback to the days when we really had something called sports Yeah, it really was and I thought I wanted the best parts of it was that he hit it We're no fan could get it. Oh, I loved it. I mean how do you plant things like you're 60 first on your father 61st birthday right and then hitting 62 We're nobody could get it and then at groundskeeper kid came running out and said hey, here's the ball And I just don't want to pay any taxes here. It's all yours right the great mom Okay, Hank. Hey, I knew I guess I don't know if you got the message or not, but I want to know if you want to come on when we do the show from the arena The yeah, I don't know here. You mean Duffton tell you I appreciate the invite, but I won't be here that weekend Oh, you won't be there. I mean if they were playing a real team Now I'm gonna be out of town at weekend, so which I would have canceled and moved it because it's opening night But since they're playing Tampa Bay nice job as scheduling guys They're playing Tampa Bay. I don't know if I'm not gonna change my trip. Bye Okay, I'll see you later Hank. Thank you. Okay. There you go, Hank says it's not a done deal So Paul Harvey Jr., which I wasn't gonna mention our source before who knows all those people inside the high-zingo organization You may have given us a bum steer maybe look like a jackass, but it wouldn't be the first time. Thank you so much Paul Harvey You're right about him by the way. You're right about him. He's an asshole. Okay, anybody to know seriously anybody This is a major major thing, okay? And he tells us be on a shadow of a doubt