This is Sports Radio 560, UAL. Sports Radio 560, W2AM, Miami Fort Lunderdale, presents the Neal Rogers Show. The talk to Neal, called 567-0560, cold-free, red-dead, and rower. From a guy. 560 on your cell phone. The millions of Neal, his guests call his or anyone else on the show. Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560-2AM. If I'm gonna suck on something, it's not gonna be an oyster. Alright. Alright. I'm seeping like a glass. Prince John. I've had such a huge day, almost. I like to bury those crying, feeling very smooth, smooth dough, smooth up by the noise, like I know. Boy! 560-1, like those wild, fresh jitters. And how we all must think and act alike, not their things whenever it's appropriate. Yeah, wouldn't if they wanted, everybody in the world was right and twisted. And look for the same things and set the same things. Warrens, I don't think so. No. To me, that would be paradise. And for each other, to me. I seeping like a wild, rich young, old Ryan. And how we all must think alike. Oh, okay. Black and yet long. Oh, okay. Until everybody is Christian. And what? What? 10 or 2550-WQM, I guess some of those wild Christians are in mourning in date counting today, because the county commission yesterday, the band discrimination against almost sexual, how do you like that? Although the old, the spixons there, they've coisted their best. It was seven to six. It was nippent tuck if I can say that. The old Julios on their doing their best. Metacone, Metacone, Metacone, Metacone, and of course we know they're all going to burn in hell. They're going to be on that lake of fire. All the old Julios who voted no yesterday are going down that lake of fire, am I right? Oh, you bet. So, boy, where do we start today? I've got so much on my plate today that I need the four forks and 10 spoons. Yeah, sure was interesting hearing the boost through this morning, which I enjoy him very much except for the fact there was only one thing. And that is all you young whippersnappers on the manifestation. Don't start sharing your expertise with us on stuff that happened before you were born, because I'm driving the work this morning, and Defos talking about red barber, which I agree with Defo, when I'm at highly overrated, I mean really coma inducing, you know, the redhead. But, and here's, who wasn't even born when red barber was doing broadcast. Wow, I've heard of that tape, but I beat bad, but yeah, right. I mean, I think that's a lot of your say group. Just stick to stuff that you know, whatever that is. Stick to stuff, you know, but red barber, coma inducing. Never stole a freight train, and guess what? He's dead. Oh, by the way, I hate to break the news to red coat. Do I dare say this on here, because I always a closet listener. I did prove you're silly column this morning about Joe de Mazzjo, and by the way, why do we have everybody in there, brethren, is town right in columns about Joe de Mazzjo, am I missing something here? I must be. I mean, yes, he was a great baseball player, and he's kind of like partly, you know, Simon and Garfuckle made him famous in the song, and Marilyn Monroe made him famous even with his ugly nose, but I hate to break the news to you, Greg, but guess what, everybody dies. Where's that column? I mean, just unbelievably stupid, the stuff that gets written in this town. One moment, please. Here it is. Here it is. Joe de's dignity still healthy. And there is a line in here that is so sensational. Oh, here we go. The boundaries of baseball and sport cannot seem to hold this name. Joe de Mazzjo is one of those icons of a generation who is disappearing names seem somehow to speak of Americana itself. Frank's democracy and Roy Rogers left us this year. Ronald Reagan and Bob Hope are fading from us. I mean, they're going to die? No. They're actually going to die someday. And Roy Rogers died? Oh, God, Greg, when are you going to grow up? You little pots, you silly little puddlewacker, you Greg, co-tex man, no strings attached. What a jackass. Yeah, they're fading from us. Well, I hate to break the news to you, but you know something Greg, here's even better news for you. That is even like ordinary non-celebrities they die too. That's the good news. That's a period. That's right. Just ordinary mortal people that nobody ever heard of. Just lepers on the street corner. You're next door neighbor, the guide down the street. The guide 10 blocks up the yard. They're all going to die someday too. So it's not like something special a God is saved for Bob Hope. Or whoever else he mentioned there. Oh, boy, talk about juvenile crap. And speaking of juvenile crap, by the way, thanks to my good friend Eddie Kaplan. Oh, great guy. Always helps us out with our center one can. Thank you. Got a nice patch check for many in the mail yesterday. Thank you, Sir. You're a great American. Always come to force. See, I told you these people around here would come. OK. So, let's go. That's probably a lot of problems. So, I'm a little bit. By the way, don't forget, shells this Saturday in Pembroke Pines is unpined Boulevard. Between five and seven P.M will be there sounding those stupid picture cards. And most importantly, with our best of meal and merchandise, CDs and casette and t-shirts, etc. Anyway, getting back to juvenile people. Here's Dave Hyde. And I know what. I heard Hank going out of great life yesterday and rightfully so about this whole thing with the Omega Ligolstorg. He's just in the temp by Omega Lig based ball. The pitch in there to help help all these forces to try to course. course this town and becoming up with public money again to build them a big stadium because that's what they want more and more big stadiums more and more bigger than it just never ends. So, so here it is the very next day right on the heels of this because I knew that all these geniuses in this town are so easily manipulated like a bunch of puppets right off the bat they're going to come up with all kind of creative ways, very jackass and make all mail and now here's David Hi, he's the first one out of the starting gate. By the way, speaking out of the starting gate that poor jockey did you see that 4,000 times the Linda what I can't think of what her name is. Got injured seriously, it called yesterday. Horse could peels in a backstrakes went down like a ton of bricks and she wouldn't flying too got seriously injured. But they showed that I got channeled seven news on by default this morning and I'm reading the papers it's lucky in the background and they're showing that thing over and over. You know, I hate to break the news here. You crave robbers there in the media. After the first 600 times we kind of got the message, okay it was an nasty spill and you got seriously injured. We're hoping for the best board, etc. But we don't need to see it anymore. Just absolutely praying on human misery and misfortune. That's the media for you. That's the TV people especially. Every time there's a crash, every time a when a space shuttle went up, how many trillion times did we have to see that? Every time there's a plane crash and we've got foot in German no matter what the hell it is. Over and over and over again. Thank God that they don't be sensitized to public violence anyway. Thank God for that in whole year. So Dave Hyde starts out one of these stupid columns where he's got all these different these are his wishes for the future. His 98 Swiss list. Number one of course that Nick Earson and John Henry work together to plan a baseball stadium and here's Dave Hyde got all these ideas about all of it would be here in downtown Miami and Yadiyati and what it could do for my knees downtown what it did in Cleveland and Baltimore. And news for it even an H bomb isn't going to do for my knees downtown. Nobody is going downtown. I hate to break the news dear even Patula Clark. She ain't going downtown. Not in Miami day. Hate to break the nose sweetheart. It ain't going to happen. You're a dream and you're an Lala land. You're a jackass and approve that Dave Hyde's a jackass. Later on in the column under one of his wishes. Number three this is especially after last night's blow job even Monica Lewinsky never was involved in a blow job like the Panther game in New York last night. Here Dave Hyde writes Terry Murray gets a break as opposed to last year the Panther's new coach has bench players needing benching. Right like Ray Whitney and Dave Gongier. Right he's reinstalled a defensive system and defensive system on a team with no defense and no goal. He needs some players to get healthy and his team to get some momentum to his Dave Hyde. Right on the day that the team blows a lead and the blue less than a second to go six tenths of a second to go and again where the goal tender was a human still shot and Burke won't see him again too much anytime soon. And a game where defense was not exist in man. The only fence was like maybe around a building somewhere maybe in the back by the parking lot that was defense as Darnell might say. I mean just uh they're the these writers in his town. You write craft. You write kaka. Not just Barry jackass. It's the whole bunch of them. You're a bunch of bushley goofballs, okay? Great co-tech suddenly decided to discover that people die even famous people even famous jocks like Dota Magio might actually die someday even Ronald Reagan the Gipper might die one day. Of course he was a jock two 400 years ago. And now we got David Hyde who's got all kinds of creative ways because we need a new state. I'm going in a second. I'm going to read you the attendance figures from last night talking games including in a couple of bread new or reeners that were billed a great expense. 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 50 WQA. Where do you find? Hey Colbert. Why are you? Got it. Sports radio 5. 60 QAL. Oh my god. It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released a CD. But now he's going back into the archive to find the songs that he once recorded as a child. With a mix that daddy wants to roll alone. Man, you have a little lamb. It's for his world. Whoa, whoa, whoa. So many drinks. We're on a roll alone. Warning, dude. I'll let young children listen to this tape. Hooked on. Pontics strictly prohibits it. Hey, baby. Yeah, whatever comes after that. Okay, 10. 15 at 5. 60 WQA. I'm so like I told you. And you got the warning from heck yesterday and it's in the papers again here today and you're going to be hearing a lot about it. This is all a rules. This is all a big cover up to try once again to put the squeeze on this pound for somebody to come up with a money somewhere. Of course, public money is going to have to be part of it. You people are going to have to dish it out with the alicular not if this thing should pass. If they should come out squeeze it through to build another stadium because like I've been telling you for months now, that's what's important in life in America. More and more stadiums, more and more, awareness, more sky boxes, more luxury sweets, more club seats, etc. So on. So that owners can make a lot of money so they can pay assholes a little bit of a chance, millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars like Albert Bell, like the trouble making Albert Bell, who signs for 13 million year, five years, 65 million yesterday. So anyway, let's take a look and see what's happening in these new facilities. Let's take for example, National hockey league. I just happen to have here in front of me the five game box scores in the games played last night. Of course, in the garden in Madison Square Garden, which they sell out every game and they will for the next hundred years, 18,200, that's capacity because the range has got a long standing, they want to be original six teams and they packed that joint, even though the islanders will play just a few miles away on that long island, they play before half the half empty crowds. And even if they had a norbina, they'd still play in front of half empty crowds because they got a crappy team. Here's the Boston Bruins in the fleet, Enemos Center, okay? Capacity 17,565 attendance last night for Vancouver 14,000 to 07, okay? 3500 empty seats, 3,400 whatever the hell it comes out to. In fact, that's unsolved seats. If you look at the game on television and you see all those yellow seats, disguise the spectators or the other way around, then you realize that actually the number of people that showed up is a lot less than that. Every home game in the fleet center, which was spent a lot of money to build that damn thing. Although I think they did that with private funds and they had to believe. Here are New Jersey and Washington, Washington Caps playing in that brand new building. 19,740 is the capacity they played the the devils in front of 12,297, at least that's tickets sold. 7,500 unsolved tickets for that game in Washington DC last night. The caps were the left throughout. Dr. Inapenguin, that's the game we watched most of last night. I'll confess you didn't watch sure that much of the panther game because quite frankly, every time I turn it on, it'll look like a coma, coma and do see even with all the goals that were scored, but I did see the unfortunate ending. But nevertheless, in Pittsburgh, where they have all those financial problems, we they've got exciting players like your armor yoga and Marty Stroke and Stu Barnes and the Garamont heat off, it said it went so out on a whole bunch of others. Capacity in the Pacific Arena in the Igloo was 16,950 something and 11,314 was the announced crowd last night. It was slim and grim. There were chunks of empty seats. You could in fact, there were chunks of the ownership was coughing up chunks looking around, waiting to see the spectators who didn't show up. So it sounds like 50, 600 at least unsolved tickets and lots of people who did buy tickets or season ticket holders didn't bother showing up either. Now I'll grant you the Igloo is not a brand new building and they're talking there. They need a new building, but there's nothing wrong with it. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that place. An Ottawa in Nashville with their brand new building in expansion team that's talked about very very good start for an expansion franchise. Nevertheless, 17,290 is capacity in Nashville. They had 13,902 which is a 3,3500 unsolved tickets and probably many more empty seats, even though their expansion team is playing very very well. And the reason I read to those figures is because this myth, this bull craft, this garbage that they keep peddling to us, we've been very lucky so far. This is a real oddity here because the location of the macaroonet is such. It's in a perfect location which happens on you for a long time. Downtown Miami is not where people want to go Dave Hide. I hate to break the news to you. We don't want to go back to downtown Miami. Do we? No. Absolutely, positively not. For baseball, for hockey, for shopping, for getting mugs, for anything else. Do we want to go back to downtown Miami? No. No. And I hate to break the news to you. This isn't Cleveland and it's not ball the more. Both of which have decades, decades and decades and decades, long baseball history. Even though they both went through horrendous times and long droughts as far as attendance before they built the new stadiums, but nevertheless, they're longest-ablished franchises. Unlike the Florida Marlins, which you have quite frankly had at one big year that Wayne bought and other than that forget about it. There is no passion here for it. Absolutely, positively not. But you just watch now. In the days to come, they're going to be 8 million articles written and now they're going to put the big squeeze on and John Henry's going to write in his horse out of the wilderness, just like where Rogers, if he could. And he's going to be giving you a big song and an answer about, oh, we got to have to lose stadium to see. We just they pull the All-Star game, they acted on us and look at all of revenue we're going to lose in town. And we got this poor crappy P.P. Park. You know, I remember not too many years ago. My good friend Bill Calder and I used to go out to Calder Racer track and we'd be up there on the sixth floor and you could you could watch as they were building P.P. Park. I remember the days when there was no P.P. Park. Yes Virginia, there was a time when there was no P.P. Park when it used to be Joe Robbie Stadium and even before that it wasn't built yet. How do you like that? When it used to be just a big, open, attractive land opened by owned by the Morton brothers over there. And there was nothing there. And now there's this stadium which has been there for all of 11 years. I do believe it's the number of years it's been there. And that's not good enough. Nothing is ever good enough because we have to have more and more news stadiums even though we can't fill up the facilities that we already have and you certainly can't say they can't fill up P.P. Park because it's in a bad location. It's in a perfect location. It's right at the day Broward line. It's right up. You drive off the turnpike. You drive right in. It's got its own entrance off the turnpike. Whoever heard of such a thing. So they made a token and being it, they practically are grabbed you by the ass out of your living room and carry you into the ballpark to make it so easy to get there. And they still aren't, you know, and granted with the crap team that had last year losing 100-naked games, they still, you know, they were averaging about 20,000 people again, which is pretty damn good considering what a crap team it was and considering the factors they'll pass in for here. But this notion that we have to have another baseball stadium here that that's going to solve, but that's going to be the panacea for the problems of downtime. You know something I bet you if we have a new baseball stadium, they'll never be another fixed election in Dave County. Don't know, Jubilee, that's a lot. Build it and they'll never, they'll solve all the problems of this town. It will never be another more a rigged absentee balance, or a little more dead people vote against the most of your swars running around like a madman and he's that's right. If we just build a god damn stadium, Dave, hide. You and your sports cronies there. The so-called sports writers we got in this town of plague on your house, Mr. You don't know your ass from your armpit. You don't know your ass from my elbow. You don't know your elbow. Wayne's ballspot. Okay. You don't know what you're talking about. Oh yeah, we're going to renovate downtown. I've been here in this how many years have we been here in that? All those grave robbers over at the Harold there, Tony, Ritter and I crowd before they bailed out night, Ritter and they all went to Silicon Valley there to seek their fame and fortune. But in the meantime he was there conspiring with Mickey Eris and the Paletti, a lot of pull the wool over everybody's eyes and ethyl crap for the American Airlines arena. I've just a handful of blocks away from an arena that nobody wanted to go through in the first place that white elephant over there that's sitting there. Which quite frankly, it's not much wrong with a building except it's too small. It's just in a place nobody wants to go to. People don't want to go to a place that for example they build an enwashing and they build a new brand new arena where they build a downtown. Is anybody going there? No, of course not. They're playing with six and seven and eight and nine thousand empty seats almost every game. Forget about the fact there are teams of sucks which they do. That's the separate issue. But they can't build that place for a lot of money because people don't want to go into areas where it's dangerous. They don't want to go where they have to risk their lives to pay a tremendous amount of money to see a very mediocre half-boiled sporting event. Half-ax. And then go in here and pay like a few of the nose for a lot of the water we beer or water we sold out without a living on a goddamn cup. People aren't, you know, it's just a question of how much do you want to be raped? That's what the question is. Can I just change the subject for one moment here? Because I find I see and I do this with great reluctance. I do it because I'm going to screw myself by putting this on here. I'm always trying to help people out. I know a lot of people are out there when he acts in diet and other diets. And if you're on a diet that makes sense, I mean, if you're on a low fat crap, I mean, forget it. You're going to be fat as a counter-rest your life. Forget about low fat because it doesn't work. It's a it's a con. It's a bigger con than the stadium bull crap. Life is full of con jobs and blow jobs. And unfortunately, here's another con job for your low fat diets. They don't work. They're a scam. The whole the whole concept behind them is totally follacious. Well, did he say follacious? There you go again, more blow jobs. But I discovered something by accident yesterday is I was cruising in the supermarket. And the fact that I was looking for our frozen vegetables actually, not frozen anything else. And I looked just to the right where the frozen vegetables were in this particular store, which is not where I usually shop at nevertheless. And I see Tyson seasoned beef strips. And I look on the box here, it looks pretty interesting. Because when you're on yet, one of the main problems in the yetkins diet is it's boring. What can you eat? I'm hungry. You know what I'm saying? What can I eat besides hamburger's oligod damn time? And hot dogs, how many we need can you stuff in your pussy? You know what I'm talking about? If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. That's what I'm saying. So how many of the same things can you keep popping in your pussy before you need a little bit of variety for Christ's sake? So I look at this thing. I pick up the box out of the freezer compartment. I look on the back, servings per container, always when you buy this frozen stuff, beware or any of the stuff, servings per container. Because you look in the carbohydrate total, maybe a little bit in the low side. And then you put on all the 82 servings in this container. And you find that you got the 250 grams of carbs, servings per container three total carbohydrate, one, one gram per servings. So there's three grams of carbs in the entire box. So I take this whole thing home last night. You pop it in your microwave for four minutes and it is outstanding. I'm sure I'll never see another one. I'll never see another box. Because not all these assholes are going to go out there to their store. They're going to be knocking the door down. Tyson season B strips. I'm telling you they're juicy, they're delicious, they're seasoned, they're tasty. And you look on the ingredients on the back and they do have things like corn syrup solids and fruit those corn syrup. But they're way down the list. And the fact that it's only got one gram of carbs per serving, I mean, there's nothing in there, nothing bad in there. Perfect for the egg. Just exactly the kind of thing. You want, of course, you can be a little bit creative and you can take like I did, so I'm going to add the grated cheese. You know, I'm talking about that melt that that craft cheese in the in the your sack and you drop that on there, then you pop it in your microwave and all kinds of melts together. Oh my God. Well, first what you do is you heat this up for the four minutes, of course. Then you put your cheese on there, put it in for another 45 seconds and it is just outstanding. It was sensational. It was a beautiful thing. So I'm talking if you're on the acnes and then maybe there's some other stuff that I haven't discovered yet. But that's the problem with me in the acnes. It's boring. It's boring. It's terminal. It's ponderous. And yes, even steak in lobster and hamburgers get really old and tired after what you want some an addition of what you can't sit down and make a steak every time you want to meal, you know? You can't rather the house and run the roof crisp every time you want to meal. But if you have stuff like that, this is how you pop it into microwave and four minutes and you've got something and there's a lot of stuff in here by the way. What's the weight on this? Nine ounces. And for whatever reason, I mean, it seems like a lot more because it's cut into small strips. And you just keep popping in your push and it is delicious. So there you go. As Neil saves your life again. 1026 at 5.60 WQM. Where do you find Joe Rose? Just a forest and Steve Goldstein. The first thing right where you got it. Sports radio 5.60. You hate out that son of a fish is huge. Two round trip tickets to Maine for 11.7 dollars. One hotel room, it's your cruising. $270. One eight-ball of cocaine. $200. Two teenage props to $400. Hello, Joe. Neil, I'd be like that. The look on my kids' face when he wakes up with a dead hooker on his lap. Price money. Daddy! There are some things money can't buy for everything else. There's Mastercard. 1031 at 5.60 WQM. So why don't we get back to an abortion? A game last night in New York. I mean, I will confess that we watch most of the penguins getting against the ducks. We should not be a great game. How about that Marty struck by the way? Oh, sorry. Sorry. But that pan fifth thing that abortion last night there again, fractions of a second life. I mean, late at late in the regulation, Roberts Vela, who's just a nightmare, who car Spencer writes up with glowing. I mean, his big return to corner was the turning point of the season. The turning point of Roberts, Vela, because he actually hit somebody in a buffalo game center. And I'm sitting here and I think God, I said it yesterday. Before the game last night, this man's writing more bull crap and you knew his paper once again. Another puff piece. Another puff piece, as the organization manipulates the newspapers to brainwash them at the public by telling them what to put in there. That's just that old black magic again. I'm sorry we're back to Peter Warologin. It's that old media spin once again. And here's a stupid selfish idiotic penalty. We've got the power plate taken and get to bogus penalty. Jovenowski falls down like a freight train. And we'll get stuck in there with a minute 45 to go. You got the lead for the three. And I'm going to be on the power play, the rest of the regulation barring from stupid unforeseen episode, like Spale, like getting the dumb idiotic penalty with 18 seconds left as he's trying to pinch in on offense. What we like, we need another goal there or head for the three with 18 seconds left. Do we need another goal? No, we just need to keep control in there and get back on defense is what we need. Here's Spale I get the stupid penalty. He's in the penalty box. So another plane even strength. The range is pulled out. Richter. And now we get the, you could just see it unfolding with your, with even if you were blind, you could see it coming. As you're watching the little clock in a corner of the screen, a counting down towards zero. And you're watching Sean Burke totally off to the left side is the guy in the right point. Scott, the puck wind up with a shot. It deflects over to Brian Leach. And here's Burke, like in slow mode, trying to get back and cover the wide open net. Does he get back? Oh, is the puck going to the net? Six tenths of a second left. Do they blow the lead? And at that point, you're saying to yourself, this game is going to over time now. And I know that the range is going to win this game. Did we know for sure? No question about it. And in Graves takes a shot from the top of the circle. Another greasy goal. How many greasy goals is the Sean Burke let in the last two games? Five in that Boston game up there. And let's see out of five last night. I would say maybe three, two or four. 8 or nine greasy goals into games doesn't make an actual hockey league goal tender. I hate to break the news to you, okay? That they were peddling us a song an advance about Sean Burke and Captain Kirk. Maybe Captain Kirk so far so good with him. But then he could last too long. So here's a team with no defense with no goal tempting, with no powerplay. But other than that Dave Hines is Terry Murria deserves the team needs to get some momentum. Get some of the injured guys back. Right. There you go. That's going to stop the problem. They're another hockey expert in this town. They would hide as in a jekylland. Guys just write a lot of stuff. They take up a lot of calm space. They have the idea what they're writing about the fan. And this is one of the reasons that people in this town can't discuss that topic is because they had where they're going to get any information. That means anything. They're going to read this spewdom that's written in the newspapers by David J. Foall by Michael Russo by David Hyde and Clark Spencer when he's not writing horse racing is a hockey writer now and whoever else they got writing it every once in a while. Guys who couldn't get arrested at a penny rate. I mean, they have no idea what they're writing about. As opposed to like a real market where you go in, you get to sports pages and it's a high you sit down, you can kill hours on a plane reading a real newspaper like that like I said yesterday reading that Dallas paper on the sports section. For solid pages of hockey coverage not just on the Dallas stars but the whole league and stuff that's really going on including opinions and analization and people are reading what they were talking about. Get the Toronto Sun. You can still the whole trip to hours and 40 minutes from Toronto back to Miami even sit there reading the Toronto Sun and still not finish. You're feeling about 30 pages in the sports section. Get a newspaper here. You might as well wipe your ass with it because that and you know although the print does rub off real easy so be careful where you stick it. But that's about all these newspapers are good for is to wipe your echo with then that's about it because you got a little league guys writing little league silly comms that I have no idea what they were writing about and then they just get manipulated by the organization and put in whatever they come to put in the paper. What kind of crap is that? That column yesterday that Robert Spale of Column by Clark Spencer in your Miami health was one of the dumbest, most irresponsible, idiotic pieces of turd I have ever seen in a major market newspaper in my life and you saw the evidence of it last night it was right there in front of your face even right Charles could see it. Welcome to Miami boys and girls a real real bush league town but we need a new stadium. Yeah we need a new stadium like we need we need community hemorrhage okay that's how badly we need a new stadium like we need everybody in town to pop a road at the same time at the counter to let's do it okay one two thank you everybody just popped a big oozing purple roi it's a counter to in this town a community roi now that we've done that now we can work on the stadium okay Dave Hague you jackass you idiot you simple to new see these sports writers it's a self-fulfilling thing with them because you know it's not that they're selfish or anything like that but I mean they're they're sports writers they make their living this is their livelihood is to cover supposedly major league sports or whatever kind of sports we got here and if we start losing major league sports then they really realize what bush league is they are because then they're writing about silly stuff like college sports and high school stuff like that so there you go let's have that new stadium let's extricate the money from everybody's wall speaking of extricating money by the way police rates fixed casino votes because in Florida we're not only putting people that have got two a pot plants in the backyard in jail for 30 years but now good old Bobby but a worth and uh Ken Jenny are added again Florida attorney general Bob but a worth and Howard County Sheriff Ken Jenny dressed in dark suits posed for the cameras in Hollywood as the sun crew six boat was unloaded last night BSO deputies working through the night we moved two hundred twelve slot machines in about 30 black tag table all right because they said they weren't given the the customers are fair shake and of course more important than that they were gambling within the three mile limit oh god how do you like that how many years have I been screaming about that it is okay God will say it's okay because that's the law you go three miles off shore you can plunge your brains out you can gamble on anything that moves but if you're within that three mile limit baby you're going straight to jail you're going to hell you're going to burn on that lake of fire and having just come back from Las Vegas where everybody was having a good time even though they were losing their ass like me and I said here when I look at this crap again in South Florida where they're rating and shutting down the cruise boats because people haven't reached the three miles out there in the middle nowhere to gamble and they're removing slot machines in black tag tables I got to my say to myself this is a backwater god damn places what it is this state will never enter the twenty a century the rest of the country the rest of the world is ready to enter the twenty first century and this town this state will never enter never get close to the twenty a century we are locked we're frozen in time in the dark ages here with a bunch of the end of the halls a bunch of goody two issues like that jackass body but a worth who's always been a jackass and evidently can genny try to out do a one there well let's the law you what they well there's a million god damn laws okay there's a million laws and there's a million stupid laws and that's one of them if it's immoral and illegal and horrendous and the terrible to be gamla then they shouldn't be legal to do it anywhere okay I didn't see one person in Vegas who was sitting there crying and actually in their teeth why am I here they'd drive me in here I can't get us I didn't hear anybody doing that everybody's running around there having a good time they got smiles on their face they're laughing or puking their screaming they're yelling whatever they're doing having a good time can't do that here because this is Florida baby it's ill eagle the old people don't want you to have a good time and certainly the god damn the nussies that run this state they don't want to have a good time twenty before am I getting to the twenty before eleven at five fifty w q a not so you're much back and all right let's find out you say to Robbie with our and now they're calling it for a fair part of the loop it's time for a change oh the new rules are you have to show up in your underwear and no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have a fun check me out both fun find the first line it down so I can get my hand up by the game is over tight that's like my good is a loser that around over my old genel now you can see a lot more at the game since everybody is addressed to the team and you can look around as the one hanging down it's a better stop that And in my jacket, he has a football field, and the Ravi is gone. Oh, and now it's VZ party. Sports board? Yeah, yeah. It's not a blind man. I'm gonna start on this thing. I'm gonna wrap it up. Check that. I got it. I got it. I got it. Well, I'm gonna wrap it up. Oh, right. I ain't an A to the football office. And that's the new team that got underwear man. Sports team, they've paired. That's a fun zone up above. At their tunnel, not low. I never really like how that would have been. It would be bad if my jacket, that's a football field. So Ravi is gone. Oh, now it's VZ party. I think I'll be VZ party. Like they're VZ party. There's no good now. We've got a pro winner in the stadium. So we can get the all-star game. And we can get whatever the house goes on. And we're okay. And a whole bunch of stupid bull games that they've heard of before. That's what we need in this town. That's pretty neat out, right? Okay. Here's a Jeff. What is it? Wienster? Wienster? With a T? Here's Jeff from Channel 10. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. What's your last name? Wienster. Well, how come I see with an IER? Why am I? I should get in bed. I'm getting old. You know. You're at Marfes. Yeah. And they are going to sail tonight, the bringing a ship down from Palm Beach. The Sun Cruise 7 will be leaving at 730 tonight to Sun. Oh, hi, guys. Yeah. The sun crew 6 may have no machines. But they're bringing down another boat. And got says he's sailing tonight from Marfes. Oh, they're all right. Excellent. That'll teach that Bobby Butterworth & Ken Jenny to waste their time in ours, too. You got it. I love him 30 tomorrow. They have an emergency hearing in court. And they're hoping to get all their spot machines back in Sun Cruise 6. Thank God, thank God for something. Let's try to give you the update now. Thanks, Jeff, and tell by and magnum that piece they're really stuck. Alright, thanks, Jeff, okay. So there you go. There's the good news. They're not going to take it sitting down. It'll just there from some cruise with that Greek last name, which is my name, George. I got it here somewhere. Huh? These some Greek guy, you know, probably really did do a book about him, but at any rate, they're going to keep sticking there in this balloon. You know, people want to gamble, okay. Hey, to break the news here. And especially on this radio station, you should be any kind of a surprise that their people like to gamble. That house wrong with you people up there and tell a half-sie. And what's wrong with you, Ken Jenny? Are you saying, all these people that you get elected to office and right away they decide that they're going to be dictators. They're going to be the moral dictators for everybody. That's not why people elect a office. You will like to share the office because you want somebody who's going to help make the county safer. Not because you want them out there, rating God the encruchips confiscating slot machine. I'm going to tell you something right now. If you live in Florida, the one thing that you learned, forget about the devil, forget about purgatory, forget about the lake of fire, the one evil thing that exists in the world is slot machine. That's right. There is nothing worse. And I'll never as long as I live, forget that astronaut editorial. I think it was in here. I told the kid about the scum sent. Look at they're both the same. The last time we had casino gambling on a ballot in his God for sake in state. And I can remember it almost verbate. Am I almost peed my pants when I read this editorial? About how the purmuture was extract the money from you gingerly whereas the casino did just suck the money out of your wall. The purmuture was that you're on sitting there losing my ass at the pop at the park Monday night. And granted not, you know, the same volume of money I would lose in Vegas or a deadloat but never left that's my choice. There's certainly no limit at how much you can plunge at the track. And I'm thinking of my stuff. Oh, but this is great because they're extracting it from me lightly. I'm only losing like 15, 20, 30 bucks a race, you know. They're extracting it from me lightly. It's like lightly killed. It's that same philosophy. Whereas in Vegas they hit your over the headline. Before you know what you're out to, grand. They practically rape you. They steal it out of your pocket. Don't they? Oh, yeah, they force you to gamble. They stand here at gunpoint. And the, I mean, they, these yocals that write these newspapers in that run this state. You're in a goddamn Stone Age. You're in a dark ages. I'll tell you what we need in this goddamn town. We need to have the, for this band government and let the mob take over this state. Okay. Like they used to years ago back into 40s. Let the goddamn mob take over. Let's go over there on Golden Beach and Helen Dale. Let me let you've left over there and let's recruit to mobsters and let's put them in office. Okay. We'll have gambling. We'll have cat houses. We'll have fun for everybody. And on your T it won't be any crime on the streets. You've got any crack dealers want to screw around downtown Miami. Once those boys take over, I got news for it. Won't see them no more. They'll let me like poly in the Godfather. That's right. You won't be seeing them no more. That's what we need in this goddamn state. There's like just like goes back to the, it always comes back to the same thing. You were saying yesterday. There is nothing to do here. There is absolute. And that's why I started to say before we're doing real great at the Macarena because it's in a good location. It's safe. It's clean. It's easy to get there for a lot of us. And it's something to do. I mean, certainly most of the games that have been there have been garbage. I mean, that ruins game. You could read a book in that game. The van cover game. They, they Detroit game. I mean, oh, she's the majority of games that have been played in the game. It's a game that's been played in the game, which we want to do. But another comma inducing event. And they're raping you for the refreshments and whatever else you want. But the fact is it's something to do to get out of the God damn house. Because this is one of the most sterile God damn places on the face of the earth. I'm actually there's more to do in Calcutta than the risen South Florida. Even in Tampa, even with all those red next, they got over there. At least they got the moms weeness and they got 400 done. That's right. Six places over there in Tampa. That's one thing they got. But over here, it's like the same old repressory, press repressory, press repressor, you know, Madacone, Madacone, Madacone, Madacone, whatever the hell it is. What am I getting all worked up about here? It's almost 11 o'clock in the morning. I haven't even taken a breath yet. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? This thing about the boat is that unbelievable? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yeah. That's what I know. Unbelievable. Yeah. Let me ask you if you think I don't get conspiracy type things, but this salt cursor and the queen, they just opened up that Woody Call it over in the Bahamas. That's what said Call it over there. I think they did. I see. I see. It's far away from the Bahamas. This is an analyst thing. They opened up. I think it's close to a billion dollars. Uh, seen all in. Well, it's just opened up. And I was really lukewarm. The people of it was really right. It's warm. That describes the Bahamas as better to look warm. I don't know. If you think the queen has pull over here. Well, I think the queen is pulling it and getting it in the phone. Okay, your phone blows. Okay, we have nothing much on the board here. A couple of calls met it with shocks to hell out of me. Two open lines in day two and powered. Five six seven. Five six. And pump by sixty on a mobile one line. Shock to live in crap out of me. I'll tell you that right now. People ought to be fired up and pissed off is what they ought to be. I'm not sure about what but. And the Panther fans again, you know, a shocking a devastating blow job in New York last night. Even Rudy Giuliani never saw such a shocking blow job in New York is what happened in Madison Square Garden last night. And these people are the cats got their tongue. The cat from the Panther cat has got their tongue. Maybe they're afraid Brian Murray might be monitoring. Okay. Maybe Yorishlov's Spashek might be a monitoring these calls. Because it would seem to me that if we really had to see there, there is not even a passion for anything here. For anything. Three meals. Yes. That's about it. Here's Holly. What? Hello. Neil. We sure like our females on this show. Yes sir. Okay. Two places. I can understand why they've been built for stadiums down here. Yeah. The Miami Arena is it was done right the first time. Right. If they were to make it big enough, we wouldn't have had a rally. We wouldn't be in a macarina. Because who would think of that they didn't because then we would still have to be risking our life and making that long trip to Miami every night. So thank God they screwed up. Yes. Because we would have crowbats to ball on a hockey team long before we showed them the Hollywood sport at forium. Mm-hmm. And that was a great place. And it's not only was it a great facility, but it was a picnic to get the food and the great. Yeah. And also too. Yes. Whoever gets romantic about the Orange Bowl, go back there for a game. And those people got a memory lapse. No. It places a toilet man. It is a toilet. It's a sewer. It's a filthy. It's disgusting. It always has been. Yeah. Because I was there for Florida State Miami. I was there for a dolphin-red skin game about 500 years ago. And I'm going to tell you that was the most unappetizing place. You sat there. You had to bring your own preparation age because you got hemorrhodes from sitting on a cement. Or whatever that you were sitting on. It was just a nightmare that you couldn't go to take a leak because they were no places to take a leak. You had to take a leak like next year's seat. Oh, and it's like, you, there's people fighting there all the time. I have like six or seven fights in my section. Yeah. Oh, well. Yeah. But that's to read over the news, state. And so that's a good news for you. Still have that to peepe park. But I can understand. Listen, I don't want you to be so negative. You better get with a program because they've hired in these media guys in very jackets. You better get with a new baseball stadium. See you better crop up some money pound get with the program. Okay. Stop in a naysphere. We want a new stadium, right? No. We want to build a lot of new big new stadium. No. It's been hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars because God forbid we should ever lose baseball. We need baseball here, right? No. We need to. And it's going to really clean up downtown. Are we all going to rush downtown if we get a stadium down there? No. Yes. We are quit being so god damn. Never do you better get with it, man. You better get with a program. Because this is the American solution for the 90s, baby. And the 90s are almost over. Thank God. This is the solution to all our real bigger and better stadiums and arenas and venues and venues and all kinds of rip off some crappy food that even my dog would turn it out. There are noces up at. Yeah. You're going to small weiner with the at the macaroon. In fact, I walk and I said, no thank you already got my own. We have two open lines in Broward 567560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. 1056 at QA and eight. Where do you find it, Kaplan? Right where you got it. Sports radio 560 QAL. But Neil Rogers show now on 560 WPAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Look at the sonnet blonde man. They asked me how I knew that Neil was a two- Oys, hey, I just saw him say yes you may be gay. What is different in one way? Oys. Look, I'm his nephew find a schmatter of the city. I say when Neil sits on his throne and looks at empty bones, there's a young one. On his throne. Oys, hey. So we don't have to bathe you a lot. That means we don't have to be so nice to our slaves anymore. Or just talk a little biblical stuff here during the break. We have two lines open and they're in Broward. They just don't hold on to these long 20 minute breaks. But that's okay. I'm accustomed to it now. 560, 50560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. As we search out some midweek passion here in this town. Is there any? No. Are they fired up about that game last night? No. About that cruise ship getting rated last night. No. Are they fired up about anything in this town? No. Not Joe to measure my croak someday? No. I want somebody to call up Greg Kotik. Okay, call up his voice mail that they heard and tell him, guess what? Someday he is going to die. Oh. Oh, God. He'll freak out. Here's a local informa. Hello, Neil. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I just went from I 75 to the sawgrass and went through the toll. Oops, Pat Solano. How much did he get the way to get a back to name that? If I see a rena. I don't know. We got the streets and highways named after people in this town. I've been here for 23 years. I've never heard of half of these people. Sounds like another called Barger Deal. Yeah. He just thought maybe you know. I have no idea. Maybe somebody will call in and lighten both of us. Okay. I have to be wondering, will learn something they have a great day. Okay. Who the hell was Pat Solano? Anybody know? No. I mean, that's not that I care, but this guy saw his name on it. I see these different roads with names. In fact, we have streets named after convicted criminal politicians. It's wrong with that. How about Xavier Suarez way? That's the way we like to do it. What's the way we like to do it? Xavier Suarez way. That's the way we like to do it. Rigged elections. Commissioners done right. That's a learner. Yeah. And that way you wanted to. Did? Oh, that's a pass. I don't know who that is. Well, I mean, when we're just getting these little, I mean, we've got 8 million little municipalities. Okay. You got tempered pines. You got plantation. You got sunrise. You got golden beach. You got hell in there. You got candles. Which doesn't even really exist technically. You got South Miami. I mean, what is this? Is there, I've been asking this question for 100 years. Is there like any real city and data broker? No. Of course. I mean, there's high alias. There's closest you might get. There's a major metropolis called Helen Dale that article the other day about that wave concert there over the weekend. Oh, a major metropolis in the area like Helen Dale. And there are these people over there. What? I think they've been doing drugs with sunny Rosenberg or something. Here's a mobile and pop at obese. We're talking prescription drugs, of course. Pop at obese, hello. Yeah, pop at obese. Speaking, Neil, funny. You should just mention that. I'm on my way to Amsterdam. I'll be working there next year. I'm the guy who calls you every so often from parts of the world. You're going to be working there next year. Yeah, we had an office about six years ago. We're in brokerage. But of course, we couldn't keep the young people off the weed. And we had a lot of problems in the afternoon. But you know, guys, you come back and they'd be, what? I'm on. Yeah. But, uh, excuse me, I'm coughing. Yeah, I believe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah, this guy's cracked things. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. I'm sorry. But, uh, we're going to put some older guys in the office. Hopefully, uh, they think that none of us, uh, over 50, uh, have been part of the meat generation. Well, a little bit of a, you know, listen, if you need somebody who's a real good worker. Ha ha ha. Me as you doing just fine. I've listened to you for 20 years down here. You're a great guy. And what you say about this town is absolutely right. I dread every time I have to come back to the States. It is just, uh, hell. They want you to suffer here. They really do. And, uh, at least we're not letting him down anyway. I'll tell you that. I want to tell you quick story about Vegas. I did you appreciate this. You were saying, you know, have a grab your money. I was in Vegas. You used to go with a friend of mine at the NGM, which I know you loved. Yes. And we were playing, uh, blackjack. And he was, uh, you know, he was getting a little streak. He was up maybe a couple of thousand dollars. You should have seen how the pit bosses kept changing, uh, the dealers in order to try and break this guy. Yeah. They don't want people winning. I don't care what you say. Yeah. Maybe the slots, you know, once in a while they, uh, they give away the money. They don't want money. Yeah. Activity off of that. And I'll tell you the truth. They really don't, they either make money. They're 100% focused on making money. But I got to see what WCOM. We're not here to entertain anybody. I mean, if we do it by accident, that's fine. We're here to run a lot of spots and make a lot of money. That's all. And I'm the only one honest enough to tell you about it. Not adequate. As a public service. We're here to make a buck. I appreciate your honesty. Okay. Have a great time. Good night. Whatever that means in Dutch. Come on. Somebody teaches Dutch here. Okay. How come nobody is calling me about my Tyson season beef tips. I'll tell you the reason why. They're all racing that their neighborhood supermarkets right now. Looking in a freezer compartment. They're just, uh, a guarantee. I'll never find these again. These are sensational. I mean, usually you buy frozen stuff. You know, not that good, especially when you make it into microwave. Yeah. But this stuff is juicy and tasty and delicious. You probably haven't had meat in your mouth like this in a long time. And if I can say that, that's quite a compliment. Where we going? Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing now? Okay. First time calling a long time listener. Great. That's the excuse me. A little nervous talk and say the one and only meal there. But never mind. Anyway, it's about the cruise ship thing. Yeah. I don't know if anybody brought it up because I seemed in a little late. But uh, how about all those people out of a job now before Christmas? Well, the guy called in from Channel 10 before we said that they're going to bring another ship down in 739. They're taking off again. I mean, that's, that's really, really ridiculous. Yeah, right before Christmas. Our sheriff's in our politics. Right. Are even wasting their time. The grinches that stole Christmas from the gambling people. Right. I tell you, I just wish them all the best of Christmas myself. Uh, so I got the same thing. Okay. Thanks, pal. I hope that Bobby Butterworth is an interesting performer day, a brown county sheriff and a girl wants to conspiring there. The grinches who stole everybody's good time. Uh, you know, even though it's picking a good times, you see how this all ties in together, I was going to mention this yesterday. I was reading about Esther Roll and her funeral in Papino and of course we all know that she was from here and went to school here in Yati Yati and when she died last week or the week before, I was talking about the fact that the good times she played this real stereotypical anti-mama kind of character. She was unaware of the fact that she quit the show at one time in protest over Jimmy Walker over the character and over the fact that they were perpetuating stereotypes. And evidently she, you know, she took the role that's with one of the two else in OE, she took the role in the show because obviously, you know, she wanted the work. But I mean, she was a vigorous fighter against stereotypes in the media, which television continues, you know, all gay people are limperited facts and all black people are stepping fetched goofballs and are illiterate. And all who the OE's are like a Ricky Riccardo. So, you know, there you go. I'm an executive 11, and I say we have one month that we take all the newspapers and we don't let them publish for one month and we turn the TV, all the TV channels out for one month in America. You would see a return, it would be like a major miracle. It would be like a gigantic douche of American society, like a big, like somebody stuck up big animal to right in the heartland of America, right there in maybe Tupica or St. Louis, right in the middle of the country. Because they're just, they're just full of crap. Speaking of crap, by the way, I did after the Apanter Game, many of that, after that crap. Flip over for the first time in a long time. And there was our show on Wemi and the audio was actually audible. Perfect. It was actually a pretty good show. And of course, I'm talking about stuff that was like way outdated and we're going to be at the pizza loft tonight, which of course we're not, but nevertheless, don't be picky about it. And also, still didn't get that check from Wemi from last week. I just mentioned that in passing again. Next time you talk to our good close friend Rob Kaplan, ask him where my goddamn check is. Since they finally got the show all straightened up. I'll tell you something that'll straighten your ass out, and that's a pint of Ben and Jerry's fishbow. Now I say a pint because once you start eating it, you're not going to eat like a few spoons full. I mean, unless you're some kind of a lunatic. Once you start eating, when you put that spoon into the container, and of course you will put the spoon in the container. I don't know anybody's saying who takes in scoops out a little Ben and Jerry's out of the pint, into a bowl. I mean, get serious. You don't have time to wait for that. You get that Ben and Jerry's fishbow or you get chocolate, the cherry Garcia, or regular cherry Garcia, or New York Superfudge Chubby Hubby, Chunky Monkey, chocolate chip cookie dough, heat bar crunch, dastardly mash, any of the unique and unbelievably great delicious flavors. And you'll say this is like dining and going to heaven. Even Joe de Mages was waiting for this. That's right. He's ready to put his head on the pillow. Just for a pyrid two of Ben and Jerry's, especially the fishbow. It's unbelievable. Ben and Jerry's in just ice cream. It's in addiction. Pick up 20 or 30 or 40 pints at your favorite super market or convenient store or gas station. Especially your mobile station by the way, have them. Or visit the two Ben and Jerry scoop shops in Miami. There's one in the Avenue Mall between blooming nails in the AMC theaters. And one in Miami Beach at 760 Ocean Drive. Ben and Jerry's, it is absolutely the best in the universe. Even at Amsterdam, they're sucking up. And the ice cream, too. This is five, six feet. You a yeah. You a good one. In Toy Storage Mall from the makers of Tickle Me Elmo. It's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo. Mom, Elmo's taking my temperature with his hands. The new take that thing out of me Elmo. And coming soon, the vibrating Elmo. Mom, I think I'm falling in love with Elmo. Wow, oh, in Toy Storage Mall. Wow. You're a second of that whammy thing. At least it's good for Jeff Cohen. It probably does an extra business tonight. People saw that show last night where I'm saying tomorrow. That'll be a pizza loft, etc. And so I won't be there, but Jeff Cohen will be. There would be a lot of good food at the pizza loft. Nice to be plug for their Jeff. We can available five burgers. It's 11 15 a QAM. So somebody who practices me a thing. You know, this, why do we just start our own newspaper? I know it takes a lot of money. But I mean, just like even the weekly reader will be an improvement of what we got here. From page 2D in the hero today, did you look at this? The headline says, Jokey and serious condition. Instead of Hughes and you're not known, this is one of the Hughes that got injured seriously, which you saw 20,000 times on the news this morning at Calgary yesterday. And then the article goes on, the Floyd family has kept the office depot, father's on Challenge Step. And it goes that about Rans. It's an article about golf. It doesn't say anything about the linda Hughes or anything about the headline. That's on page 2D in your hero this morning. Just in case you were assuming I'm making this up. Another great example of the left hand. Don't know what the right hand is doing. And we just got to fill up a lot of crap on some pages. If in between all the pages that are filled with ads. Jesus Christ. That's what we need in this town is a goddamn real newspaper. Forget about a stadium in another arena. We need a newspaper in this town. A real newspaper. To come in here and put these bastards out of business. A non-pandering newspaper, by the way. When it'll really tell it like it is, instead of bending over backward to the part where they need a battery. Yeah, they got a battery. A car park is done there at one-herald plaza. Because they're always bending over backward. So much. And then of course, their friends and acumen communities stick it in there. That's right. Like when Xavier Suarez, remember when he was losing his mind there. And calling and leaving West. This is on a well, when he was in the process. And calling and leaving messages on their answering machine about if they didn't stop about threatening that they were going to stop spending a city money with those ads in the hero. Oh, geez. Absolutely positively unbelievable. The Cuban hate the hero. The Anglo hate the hero. The shfartier hate the hero. Here's the North Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Rangers, roo. Yeah. Oh, that's not that there's a real. There's a great hockey call for you. Rangers, roo. We'll play the real crappy game by the way last night, defensively. Who might correct their goodness stop the watermelon from 20 feet away. But Rangers, roo. Because they want to game last night. I got news for you, sir. Well, the team, you look at a team with that much talent on there for crying out loud. All these guys, they picked up John McClain. You got Kevin Stevens, 28 drinking. They got the gritsky, of course. They got Brian Leach. They've got all these other guys. They've got Peter Nedbed now played a way little game last night. They got all this talent on there. They're still under achievers for whatever reason. But they want to game last night. And this man, this is the comment you get. Just like the jet spans. You can't have it until the conversation. And of course, the Panther fans have we heard from any of them today. Is there any interest about last night's the buckle about last night? There was a turning point. Have we heard anything about that? No. Okay. Just checking. Got that Buffalo game tonight. I'm sure they're waiting in great anticipation for a lot more fist fights and brawls in a game in Buffalo tonight. Two old, are we going to score six again? Again, it's a tactic tonight. We're only scored two and they pulled them out of the game. We're going to happen again. No. I doubt it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil, I do. Okay, sir. Yeah, this thing with the cruise ship just absolutely discuss me. I think our law enforcement has done nothing but become legalized piracy. I'm sitting there watching TV last night and I see. I just hope they're having a good time with those slot machines by the way. They're probably done or yanking them right now. And that's Gene Sue. What's up with that? You know, no arrests are made, but all the equipment and the cash is confiscated. Yeah. Well, just like they said, it was just grandstanding. It was just another media event. Just another high job. They had the media there and they were there with their big suits on and everything. Just another media high job. They're fostering. Yeah, but they made sure that they got all the, you know, the valuables. Yeah. The same way they do is they catch you with a joint in your car. Right. The cars are going to have to go on that. And then go on that's right. Now we're getting back to that lost rights book again. Yeah. And they make, you know, you could, you could probably get all your property back to higher law. You're in payin, you know, $5,000, $10,000, something like that. Would you ever, would you ever get back? Yeah, exactly. I mean, all they do, you know, they should have under the trees and right traffic tickets. You know, it's turned into a poor profit agency. Yeah. It's a police state pal. It disgust me. Hey, I'm the guy that sent you the facts is yesterday on the restaurants and the floor. I don't know if you got those or not. No, never got that. Didn't get that come through. Oh, it didn't. Oh, it didn't. I didn't think it through. All on this. Try it again. All right. I'll send it back through today because you have, you know, you had a call. It looks for a couple restaurants. I knew a couple over there. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks a lot. See you in Sarinza. Not. We have an open line of day. Well, it for us is okay. We go to Italy. It's good for a day or two at most. They are two and get on with it. Open line of day one and brodered 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is amazing to me. You know, I go to those hockey games 1000s literally 1000s of people are like there. They're they're clung at my shoe at my toenails. They're all going. Yeah, but you know, there's absolutely no ability to have any intelligent conversation about it in this town. They don't know if they don't understand it. They got them to say about it. And even after last night shocking the buckle there in the garden. I mean, just unacceptable. It was like, like I said, like we were suspended frozen in time. And you can watch the last three, two, one second. Take off the clock. And the last one second was like expanded into 100 years. And you could see the puck slowly sliding over to Brian Lee. And you could see Sean worked and I like I'll never get back over there. What you did not. And you could see the puck sliding into the wide open that as the tenths of a second. Clicked off each one like 100 years. Each tenth of a second was like 100 years on that clock. And at that point, you just looked down at the floor. And you said to yourself, Crap, God, how is this possible over and over again? But Dave Hides says, Terima, he's got it all together. We got great defense and he just needs a couple of breaks. Good. Do you know healthy again? So we can buy rumors and more meals. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. As usual, you're right on target. Yes, I mean everything is there. You are. But I work for the Sun Cruise casino. And right now they have approximately over 3000 people concerned about their jobs. 3500, I believe. Yeah, that's it's in everything. Cooks and everything else that goes on. Right. But you know, did you look on these boats? And I'm on these boats a lot. The Palm Beach one and the Swat Dammit. The Hollywood. The majority of the people that go are seeing its citizens looking for something to do. And we clocked all that stuff. And you know what their average drop is when they spend besides, you know, they get the free the bus pay and they get a ride on the intercostal and the water and all the is approximately 30 dollars a person. Yeah, I was going to say 40. Okay. Yeah. You're close. I mean, the damage that they've done for for nothing. It's it's just outrageous. And it's all. If you understand that evil, the evil empire is just a slot machine is what it's all of our power. Well, if they in tele-hassy, if they hear those two words, slot machines in the same breath, they start peeing in their pants. Well, they've got to shout at people that have a big, you know, there's more domestic violence going on constantly all the time because the people have been trapped into their houses. You're afraid to go out and have a drink because, you know, do you rise? Do you rise things on your life in 75 years? You're like this room. But there's little ungambling trips that they even do everything to put people on blood. I had it as people on blood one day. 25 dollars out of his pocket set down a Caribbean split table. And this senior citizen, 150,511 dollars, the best thing we're gambling are taking a shot with 25 dollars. Oh, yeah. What could be more fair than that? What could be more fair than that old bag, the 127 million and Vegas two weeks ago? The only thing it could be more fair than that was, it would have probably been there and I would have won it. That would have been more. Okay. Good luck, everyone. Thank you. Okay. Yeah, these poor bastards are trying to, you know, earn 11 and right away, oh, let's go in there and put on a big stage of big media event, okay, for the cameras. And show the public once again all the good eat too shoes and the good old Christian ride all these religious symphony hypocrites. Probably most of them were done on the neighborhood bar sitting on the bars, but we'll get in plastic. Let's show them that we're doing something good for Jesus, that we do something. Oh, God. Stop repressing the goddamn public stop with this fascistic police statement. Tell the already for Kuanau love. Go do something important. Go take care of some murderers. Go take care of some rapists, some child molestists, some arsonists, some people who really permit a threat to the public. That's law enforcement, okay? Oh, and we just confiscated 50 bills of marijuana. Great. Well, pack your salami sandwich, okay? Well, billiast statue. Well, by God damn metal. But we're supposed to be impressed with all these stage media events. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 70560 on the AT&T wireless line. Hank Oldberg, a tool to stake two until clock. We got briefly joshing the somebody at six o'clock because Mooster was on this morning. And then at six thirty, we got the pregame because the game started seven o'clock in Buffalo there. We got, oh, that's right. We got the neighbors in the path who's seven o'clock tonight. So be sure and turn on QA and turn down the radio volume and turn on sports channel. Or if somehow we get empire, turn on Rick Jenner met on the empire. Okay, where we're going here? Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Great. You were right on 100% about all of your talkings here. Yeah. I just came back from Amsterdam. Oh, God. I called you about a week before I went told you that I was going to go outside of Amsterdam. You were right. I stayed there the whole time. Uh-huh. What did I tell you? Once you get to Amsterdam, you don't want to go any place else? Neil, in this police state, big brother watching. I'm ready to take a plane and go. Yeah. So you're going to join me? Hey, listen, it's tempting. It's tempting man. Anytime of the year around a clock, I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to hop across the pond. Tell you, as long as they play in any shell hockey, it's in the bag. Yeah, I didn't need to settle like this over there. That's all. I'm sold. In addition to the way professional sports are going in this country another four or five years. They'll all be out of business anyway. So what happens is? Yeah, there you go. You put as well. Well, Neil, you have a great day. Keep keep telling the truth and that's fine. You're at these days. Okay, I'll speak to you. Thanks. Okay, I have no idea what that means. Okay, we have an open line in proud one in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, a donkavel. Okay, that I do know that. I want to super market and they give you the change. Donkavel. And they look at, hey, what are you talking about? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, a pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, Boca Brian was here again today. You remember you took that disc by the stick? Oh, is that way he came all the way back? No, I thought he was just killing some time because he might have bring his girlfriend down. He were again to kill some time because there's nothing else to do in town. That's why he was he came all the way back down. We were talking about a spot in South Florida. This is the hottest spot in town, baby. 5, 60, QAM. You can't find this, but we're still a hottest spot in town. Who is getting awfully warm in here, two by the way, since you mentioned that. And I'll tell you one thing. There has never been any shortage of crap in his town. All the years have been on the year. As boring as it is, there's always a lot of going on. Most of it totally unacceptable. Most of which are Pauling and Groot-Tesk and nauseating. There's fixed elections, whether it's busting casino cruise ships, whether it's, you know, whatever the hell it is. Unexceptible, the end of the hall behavior and the rest of the people sit back in their condominiums and their old fart residences. Like that, waiting for the next to the change of their closening bag. That's it. Let's bring some living and breathing people in his town. That's what we need. Living and breathing people. Let's bring all those people that I saw at the MGM grand the last week. All of them down here. And tie them up in a corner somewhere in all of, you know, pick and choose. Boy, boy, that is so you talk about people watching. Just sitting a lobby at the MGM grand. You have never seen so many beautiful young living and breathing men and women. And some of you can't tell what they are, but just unbelievable. Just like here, right? Where do you play? Hey, Goldberg. Right where are you? Hey, hey, so far. It's radio 560 QAL. I want to hang in the butt, honey. Ready and gentlemen in from nursing. Tyson Makau Chicken. Hi, this is Iron Mike. And if you're hungry, that could have you wait. If look for a big gold piece. Tyson Makau Chicken. Tyson, knock out chicken. You'll never see fresh life in. You'll taste a little, try a hot juicy big money. Do all mean padding on a definitely free break. You'll better see away from time and broken teeth on this with some hefty can help me. Yeah, I'd like to say, any heart you to die on trial? How do you make a knuckle finger say, you're coming up to me. Mixed and don't forget our world, Javi and Jacob. We got wings. We got size. We got, oh, just how to ring. I kick it to myself. So do the wild thing. And from the Tyson knock out chicken tonight. And your home is a region full of scum to fight some. I'm around my hand for a while. I'm 32 at 5.50WQA. And so anyway, the reason I play that is because this Tyson stuff. I guess I'm just discovered it. I feel like Christopher Guy then calm us today. Oh, I go over to the supermarket. I make another discovery. And you know that these that can people. Everybody else too. All you, all you people are not on the act can stay away from our season Tyson beef strips. Okay. Stay it the hell away. We're going to put like a little bell, a little buzzer on every package. Anybody that's not on the act can go to touch one. There you go. We're about right there in a freezer compartment. Okay. Leave it alone so that we have some left. It's great stuff. That's the kind of stuff that you need. Something of substance, something to nashon, something that tastes good. That has no carbs in it besides that tired old and cheesecake. If I ever see another piece of that atkins cheesecake, I'm going to puke all over anybody that's within reach. Don't ever want to see that crap again. Here's a mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Great. Listen, I just did a few moments ago, but I heard you mentioned the game last night. And I got to tell you, I've been watching hockey for a long, long time. Yes. And I have never been so angry. Yeah. At a game. That was the most stupid. You talk about a team that was held bent on handing that game back to the range. Robert, it's very, I would just like to know what he was thinking. And this is the guy, like I said before, maybe weren't listening. They put a whole big story about him, a big puff piece with a picture of him yesterday. How he turned the corner in the Buffalo game. This guy has played so poorly all the way around. And so stupidly, this season that he's at a disgrace. He's an embarrassment. If anybody ought to be sat down again, he's the one that ought to be sitting on a goddamn bed. And Peter will well out there, gooing it up, getting stupid penalties. Selfish stupid penalties, hurting the team, and turning the game around again. So Peter will always be embarrassed in the game. But, slay him. That is the dumbest play I think I've seen in sports. Think they got a power play. You've got a one goal lead. There's more time left in the power play than there is in the game. So in other words, the clock is going to run out. You're going to have to go ahead. If the roach, the Rangers have virtually no chance of mounting any offensive again back in the game. And what do you do? You're going to have to do a stupid selfish, anyotic penalty, and you give them an opportunity to do what they did. Well, he did two things. First he comes in. He attacks. He pinched in. He just stupid. And of course the penalties you've added in spoke the injury. But how do I know how Terry Murray couldn't have said to these guys? You gotta stay back. Right. You know, we need to be defensive here. We do not need a goal. He can second's left in the game. He's trying to be offensive. I'm watching this and I'm saying, and then I'm going to have to deflate after the penalty. I'm watching. You can get away with it. We're going to get away. You couldn't you believe I couldn't. And you can and you can see it coming. I mean, I'm going to have watched so many hockey games that I can see very often when a goal is going to be scored. You can just smell it coming. And you could just see it. Like I said, in slow motion, you could see that puck slide over the leg and you could see that the earth was had no chance of getting back in it. And and all I'm looking at is the clock. I'm looking at the clock and you know that there was timeless to do it. I looked up at the same second that leech put that in and I swear I point two, I think. There's nothing left. I'm not point six. But I'm telling you, I just couldn't I still read. I just couldn't believe it. Yeah. It was the worst thing I got out of. And how do you like these six sessions of greasy goals that Sean Berkeley did by the way in that game? Terrible, just terrible. Even a winning goal. I mean, great. You know, I may even say it was a good shot, but how come he doesn't get it? How about the one that went right between his legs? We both know the overtime was not necessary. Yeah. And so I just wanted to say here we four. That's right. It was just a formal review. There's no way they weren't going to win. Yeah. I don't even know if I can watch tonight. I'm feeling so pissed off with these guys for that. I mean, really. Just here's two points. That this could just change the season. I swear to you. Well, you know, this this team suffers from one thing and that's like a talent. You know, I'm not going to. I'm not going to hold the yesterday and somebody calls Hank and ask, you know, are they going to. Is this team going to go after free agents like Brey is out there and come and come and call. You know, these guys. And Hank is right. This team has made no commitment to go after people like that and we, you know, I mean, supposedly had a shot in there that I don't think we really ever had a shot in there. But I mean, we're often right at the correct and they're offering covalves. We know there was no contest. Yeah. That's true. That's true. We scored a few that couple of nice goals left night. No parish and the capacity they showed some promise. Right. Yeah. We'll say that. Offensively, the team is surprising. Yeah. We're expecting them to score. But as far as defense as far as the power play as far as penalty. Killing as far as gold. And all the other aspects of the game, they are wolfful. I think the only surprise that it was that it was fell and not, you know, who Eddie. You know, that play frankly. Well, maybe they're taking turns. Maybe they're just. I just. If to. Unbelievable. Okay. Hang in there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Data lines. All three of them might open five. But we had a hockey call. You know, so naturally they run away and did. County. They don't understand it. No say I've a hockey. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Got the AT&T wireless line in date. Here's a mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Well, I'm out of having torture. Now finally, I'm in Hollywood. Oh, well, you're really getting older. Oh, anyway. Uh, wow. I think I was just a third hour. And that was the first actual pantyfan I heard. Yeah. That's the only one we've had. Our in 40 minutes. And that's the only one. And like I said, cruise my point. There was no passion for anything in this town. But we use our people are incapable of having them. Told you. I mean, this guy knew what he was talking about, which is a rarity. They just don't know. Yeah, I mean, it's about time. I'm a Ranger fan and I'm willing to have a humane conversation with you. Yes. I watched the game last night again on the MSG replay because I thought it was a great game. I'm surprised as you were calling that when a terminal game. Because I thought that was a real object. I'm just saying that I must have missed the really good parts because the the pen when Nanaham gave me was sensational. It was a great game. And every time I returned back to the Panther Ranger game, it was just, they were figure skating. And then I would turn it on a few minutes later and see that another couple of goals have been scored. So I guess I missed a good stuff. Well, I don't know. You were talking about a turning point before it was curious to know whether you saw the three on one that panicked the shot with about two and a half minutes left. It was a no-brainer. And they had the game walked up. They put that one away. And I think it was either Ganya or I'm not sure who it was a fan on the shot. Wow. The next game was over if that goal goes in. I know you're not a Ranger fan, so you probably don't relate to this. But that's time standing still thing with Leach. Within it reminiscent of the first goal in game seven and a family cup where you just, it's time stuff still for three seconds. You know that thing's going in. Right. It was almost the same as I thought. There was no doubt. There was absolutely no doubt in my mind. Once I saw where the puck was going and you looked at the net and you saw that Berk was totally out of his it. There was no doubt that he was going to stick it in there. So I just thought I was very entertained by it and I, you know, Panther fans should be talking about this with you today. And I'm really surprised. They should be psychotic. These are the same Panther fans back when I came back on the year and the early part of the year. And I was going to be talking about the last time the John Van B's work was going to be leaving here. They either didn't want to believe it or they didn't care about it or they didn't know who he was. And I couldn't get any calls about that. So I mean, what does that just say? It's ridiculous. They finally have something to talk about. While I agree with you last call or the last main scheme is going to change things around. And it probably will for the Rangers too. It's like that that. That's not telling you one thing. You know, the Rangers, you know, as much as I hate them, Todd Harvey has played his brains out. He's playing great for them. And that's a great deal. And Peter Nedvett man. I mean, he's going to be so important to that team. And I'm going to let you win the scoring 25 goals and what's left of the season for them. Yeah, he just needs to relax. It's the press lays off in for a few weeks and let's get a good start. He needs to say, however, player I'll tell you. All right, and you'll keep up the good. Okay, good luck, but not too much. Okay, we had a couple of hockey calls. The calls on the rest of the people are all dropping off like flies too bad. We care about it if you don't. You don't know squad. Can talk about Jimmy and Danny again. I'm sorry that I say Jimmy and. And. Sorry to open lines a day, what it's powered five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Where do you find Joe Rose just to far and see gold. The first team right where you got it. Sports radio five sixty two eight out. I'm a rough down something. It's not going to be an oyster. So you're a free ticket with lots of piercings and you like to wear another chance to. And of course, you like to die your hair. A lot of different funky colors until recently. You see all that dying did right in your roots. So now you're sporting that rental rebel ball of the look. But since we know you like to die your hair so much, we've developed an all new hair die for you. It's called crotch colorings. Sure, not everybody will see your new die jobs, but for those lucky few, they're in for a real tree with all new colors like crabs red. I just blew and now it's your turn. And of course, everyone favorite peakey or greens crotch colorings using good taste. It's 144 at five sixty W. And we got 200 open lines all of a sudden we had two hockey calls back to back and you could watch other lines go out like it was a goddamn bombscare. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Excuse us for having your audacity. And I know I'd much rather hear lots more calls about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and did he say enough that he ped him on the ass. The squeeze him a little bit was he hard when he squeezed it. It's a very so on. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I saw that. The big bus last night on TV. I thought you ride away. I said Neil, Neil's going to do half a show on this and you should. Oh, no, I'm not. Well, the guy was the beard. Whoever he was was participating that they were gambling before they got three miles out. I thought, who the hell care? Yeah. That's why I'm not going to do half the show on it. Well, what the obviously does care? Well, what kind of money goes into this kind of a thing. We're sending out undercover officers are doing all this grand standing. It's constant. Grands are lending is the word. It was either staged media event. The cameras were there. The media was alerted. It was a staged media event. And it serves absolutely no useful purpose. And like you heard before, they're going to be out there. Shaila and another ship tonight. And there'll be people out there gambling and plunging their brains out and having a good time and leave them to hell alone for Christ. I mean, Neil, I don't think you're getting many hockey call. I did watch the game. I thought he was again after the big. I'm not getting many calls. Period, sir. At this point, we were not even known yet. And these people already on a win. They were not on a material. Maybe the list is the first team got to go here and beef both talk about the Panthers choke like Mama Cath. He must have said that 50 times. Don't tell me beef will actually said that. Oh, he said it 50 times. The other thing. It's so like Mama Cath on a tuna fish sandwich. Monterey's Neil. And the deal keep up the good work. You're the voice of reason and this toilet of the town. And the storm up. And have a great life. Well, I got him stirred up already. I want call left at the board. How can you do better than that? I got him stirred up. Are they pissed off and fired up? No. Five, six, seven. We got two open lines. It's brown all the day. In other words, there's one lonely little call left at the board on a day. What I'm just sitting here full of piss and vinegar. I'm smoking, baby. Whatever the strange one at the book of Brian bought in here. Whatever this thing is. I'm smoking it. And these people, like I said, nobody. I've tried for a hundred years to wake these bastards up to just need them enough. Just to get them off their goddamn ass. Just to make a phone call. Just to say something. Just to get pissed off. Just to get emotional. Just to nothing. Absolutely nothing. It's like beating out dead man with a baseball bat and expecting it to get some kind of response. You can keep oil and then beaten and flailing and smoking and yank it. And nothing is going to happen. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How's there? Same asshole as yesterday. Okay. And he's still listening. Go back and do your long service. Okay. Jackass. Go to church and say a prayer because you're going to need it when you're asked is burning you're on a lake of fires sweetheart. We have a problem at anal sex. You're doing we have an open line in the Broward to and day five six seven five six and five six and pound five six to you on it. That's what we get see. That's what we get the same chronic assholes who called they after they were the same week material. Most of which don't get on here anyway because it's really pondress. And the rest of the audience is there in a coma. This is the day they deserve some good music today. I'm the serious cause I'm the one. Yeah. Let's crack some music up for these best. They don't want to talk to me. I'm going to guide them voice the reason here. I'm going to want to sort that crap off. Okay. They don't know. Shea bully from Jason Woolie. Jesus Christ. This man's music. I mean, that's what we're going to write a book about George rugby because a man in his music. And we're going to have a big pile of. I'm a front cover page. I mean, your musical stuff is just need a little bit of help. I know you're going to start with a back street boys and then we can. I don't know. Okay. At least in me. Looks good. Anyway. Could you read that more on this thing? Here's a cold game. Hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, a long time ago, we used to work on our data. Yeah. I used to work in that area. I used to see the tower. I was like, I always used to be talking about that area. And I know I'm so curious about what? What? What? About what? You work as a vet because I saw the tower's running exactly where the address was. Right. That was like really close to that area. Yeah. No, so I decided. Okay. Get a new phone and talk to me some other year. Okay. Here's the guy that calls this. This is the kind of response we got to spend the whole first hour screaming and yelling and participating about 50 different guy damn things. And this guy wants to know where exactly was data. As if it makes any difference because they're not there anymore anyhow. They're right down the street from us here now over with what used to be packed and queer channel, whatever they are today. Whatever flavor they're pretending to be today. Jesus Christ Almighty, this is just unbelievable. Oh, sir. I hope that you get the answer to your question. In fact, if I were you, I would just go over there in Carroll City and drive all around. I think that's what it was. Carroll City is not what it's in. What is that? There we are. What? Where I and Z used to be over there. Why used to work at I and Z and Z? What is that called? Is that Carroll City or is it? It is it is little Carroll City. Yeah. Just go over there and drive around. Okay. You'll find it. Which I have no idea what is in that building anymore since the right no radio station over there. Who knows, but you'll see some big tower still there. Just drive around to all this must be where you used to be like 11 years ago. Great. You can go home and write it to your diary. Keep your office streets. Here's candle. Hello. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good evening to you, sir. I think the lights are out. I think the lights are out there. You've had quite a bizarre array of calls today. Anyway, I hope that guy finds what he's looking for. I hope he finds that big stick in the ground. I think you drive it right. I think you drive it some kind of tour bus or something. Anyway, I think you definitely hit the nail on the head about this stupid thing with the all star game and baseball and the whole. I'm getting on the head yesterday. They're just all right. I'm trying to do a squeeze this town. The worst these people to get brainwashed to come up with public funds to build a stadium. As if if somehow we won't survive unless we get an all star baseball game here as there are entire future depends on that. I think they could take all the sports. I mean, even I don't do. I love hockey, but I think that there's so many more important things in life. I'm going to tell you the honest, the god truth. And this is the way I feel, especially after last night and seeing the mediocrity that they're putting out there. There were supposed to support if I had a pay for my own tickets even as much as I love hockey and the Panthers. And as close as they win is to my house. I could really walk there when you come right now. And if I had a pay for my own tickets, I wouldn't go. That's how sour I am on a whole deal. Well, that's sour. That's exactly what happened to me. I've been a season ticket holder for five years. And I just got really fed up with the way things were going. And I had it with Brian Murray. I used to wear all your BM, no BM, but the memory. The one thing about the Murray's they both did. He was terrible. And I'm closing. You got to pull up a table this. The other night last week, actually, I was listening to the Chris Moore broadcast. You know, it's around in my car. I didn't have much choice. Yeah. Anyway, he's, you're playing at Boston. More on. Yeah. Chris Moore goes with me and board come together. And Ray wins. And like, which Ray is he talking about? What the hell is going on? He worked kind of. Oh, yeah. You have a hearing about that idea. What he's talking about. I went to the store last night in the first period. What I guess was the first to go to the game the first pan to go. And I'm in a car coming home from the store. And he says, and the panther score goal. Okay, we're not talking about the other day. And he says, and it goes in. It goes in. And I'm thinking of myself. That's the way a collar goal for the team that you're broadcasting for. And it goes in. Like, yeah, like big deal. As much as I hate Goldie's voice, maybe we could put some kind of pitch change on it or Yeah, not clear them off for you, man. Let's put Goldie in there. I go on prepared and on on aware that he was even going to do the game. Goldie did a 4000 times better job in that one game than Chris Moore could ever do. He's blows. You're right. I'll do that. I have a right there. And how do you open up again? They were there like real hot and heavy for about two seconds. They decided now. We don't think so. 560, 50, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know what you were participating earlier because it wasn't listening. But perhaps the subject, I can still sense when I read about these assholes who beat of their kids and then get put in protective custody and the presence because they're worried about them getting beat up. I think they should put in regular and get their, uh, I think they should have a special area where they put them in to make sure that they get the crappy note. Absolutely. But to be able to find that, they go one of our political, uh, jump on the bandwagon. And secondly, about this, uh, I don't know, I know sports, but I don't want to bring it up. But this basketball strike. I don't think anybody that goes to work in shorts, perhaps you could be the exception. She make that kind of money. You know, I'd be able to work in shorts, make them in a lump, create a mammalian and then lower it and take a fight, how many of you are going to afford to go to one of those games? Yeah. Good point. And guess what? Is anybody missing it? Did I notice? No, life's going on. No, life seems to still be going on. So the same dead head place that always was. Absolutely. Back in the end. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Are we missing the NBA? No. Open line. It's Broward 2 in date. 5. 5. 6. 5. 50. We had a lady call today. No. We had a lady call today. No. You're making an adhesion? No. Any Colombian? No. Any Attagian? No. Any mobsters? Oh. Okay. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, first time going to Hawaii. Great. Going about the range of anti-game last night. Yes, sir. You know, listen to Dennis Potsman. I hear you complain about Chris Moore, but listen to Dennis Potsman and Jeffrey. That's pretty painful there itself. I mean, I was going to go to the game last night. And Dennis Potsman is showing his family in the stands. Who really gets a damn? Yeah. You know, I mean, they complain about a lot of folks that you're there. Hello? Yes? I mean, you know, I think that you're coming from New York and you listen to some real broadcasts like J.D. and Sam Rosen. Right. And you have to come listen to these guys. I think it's hell. I mean, it's unbelievable. What do you think about Potsman and the broadcasts? Oh, he's not a broadcast. He's just a dumb ex-joc. He's a dumb frog. And he's never going to be a broadcaster. And, you know, what can I tell you? All right. Let's go, Rangers. Well, like I said, they want to game in all of a sudden. Let's go, Rangers. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, all three and date. Five, six, seven, five, six. They've got that humongous payroll. They've paid out more money to last few years for losing teams since they won at one Stanley Cup for the first time in six thousand years. They've paid out more money and come up with less results and you can shake your thing at all. At least they're spending the money because they got it. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello? Mobile in Miramar. Hello? Yes, sir. Can you hear me? I hear you. Hi, Neil. I'm sorry. Are you here? Yes. I think I'm breaking up of a week's battery anyhow. I'm right here, county line and 441 in this wonderful traffic. Yeah. I have a little place off of 441 and I'd like to bring over some lunch. And I know Chuck over there at 1.99 and 441. And, you know, see what she said, come on stuff. How would I go about doing that? Hi, but what about doing it? What kind of stuff? What do you got? Actually, it's home cooking. Home cooking. What? Anything you could imagine from a tea bomb steak to shrimp to kabab. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. Okay. We have two lines open and zade and two and grower. Five. I don't understand this time. I thought we were going to be just absolutely smoking today. I thought that this place was going to be on fire today and little tomorrow. Back to the same old bunch of deadheads. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on a mobile one line. God, you people are as boring as dog do do you know it? Really, when you come right down to it, you're just boring. It's a boring place because it's loaded with boring people. That's why it's up in the do here. That's why it's a boring place because it's loaded with boring people. You're about as exciting as an animal. Man, get with it. Get off your ass. Pick up the instrument. Say something. Do something. Are they going to do it? No. Four minutes to know in the five, sixty, WQM. Give a U five Kim, book hamper. Right where you got it. A rack for three, you'll five, sixty, QA hamper. The Neil Roger show. Now on five, sixty, WQAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Neil Roger. From the people who brought you the Deloria, bring you the corporety with CO2 injection. Super. Relax. And enjoy the ride and the suicide lane. You won't feel it pain. If your time has come, the corporety ends for you. These are pains to be with a corporety. Uh, guarantee to take your pulse from 70 to zero in no time flat. No miss. No payment asshole whatsoever. Make your last ride a corporety. The suicide ride with an unease. The corporety. Uh. Probably one at five, sixty. WQM happy Wednesday to do it. The Hank Roadburg show from Shula State to it to a clock. Then we got a brief show at six booster was on this morning for guilty. And as a result of the junction, who else are going to be doing a show at six o'clock? We're having our own Josh and uh... Corey, you're saving. Corey, Josh and Corey are going to be doing a show from six to six three. Which you can handle half an hour there. Can't you? No. And then six thirty we got the pregame show from Buffalo. Seven o'clock to Panthers and a Buffalo Saber is ready for that. No. Are you ready to rock and roll? No. No. They'd lines are open. Anybody concerned interested about my Tyson season B strip? No. No. No. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Lodder Hill. Hello. Yeah. Why do you kick your foot, Nick? Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hollywood. Yes. Yes, Neil. Uh... A third time caller. One time listener. Yes, sir. Uh... I'm a hockey fan. Uh-huh. baseball fan, sports fan. Yeah. Uh, let me ask you what happened to that... That was a pro that was hit in a nose last night. What happened again? He had a knuckles shot. Murphy, Gordon Murphy. Murphy. He came back and played. He's over. These guys aren't a bunch of pussy's like football and baseball players. They get stitched up and they come back and they finish the game. I know that. You had one smurch in that day. They are the toughest guys in the club. That is correct. There's no content. No contest. Baseball players take it a hang nail around for six weeks. Football players get to bad case. A hemorrhage he's not for a month. And have a great day. Okay. He's out of material. Okay. We have an open line and date what in Broward. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, animal, bo, one line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. The old Jim in quantation. Yes, sir. You know, I'm kind of wondering if I made all of the mistakes the Murray's make, uh, especially we need to get rid of war L. I'd be fired if I didn't deal with by now. But you don't understand. The ownership doesn't care. The ownership is more interested in sucking all of the money of the new arena. And making his money back from the first five years and trying to sell the team. He doesn't care. He's not worried about that. That's why there's so much mismanagement because you have an owner who's basically in an absentee guy at this point. You follow what I'm saying? He's gone. Jim in quantation just managed. Okay. Okay. We have an open line. I'm telling you the coma juice must have steeped into the air over the overnight. Columnage use it's in the air. Don't inhale. Get yourself an oxygen mask. Go back inside. Do not go outside and inhale the fresh air because it ain't so fresh anymore. Maybe for those got that then woodpecker going on. Yeah, he's he's pecking on it. These people are off their feed today. Wow. I'll take it one in that other asshole that called what makes me an expert fill in the blank. Makes me an expert on. What ever it is because if you listen to the rest of these people by comparison, you're probably speaking no matter what it is, I'm an expert. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. He'll go from the west coast. Yeah. Hey, I was wondering if you heard anything about the million man there. A lot of money. Yes. Million man. There were a lot of march. Yeah. No. Not much like that. Just starting in New York City. Yeah. And they want to have cities all around the country. But just to pay your mind. And you're going to do what? And you're going to get arrested for 20 years? Still close. Like with giant. Looks like giant. Join. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Go out and work on your giant joint. We have two open lines in date. 5.670560. 5.660. I'm telling you it's in the air. Don't inhale. Warning to everybody within the side of my voice. There's something in the air and soft Florida because it's infected. And even over there are Naples. Well, we're having a healthy one. It's for a mile somewhere in that God forsaken part of the state. Here's Captain Singh. Just what we need to do. A bright enough another wise. That jury day. How are you Uncle. You're a complaining. No national attitude. If you were calling yourself. That's not a lie. Let's have an Indian calling. How are you doing? There's nothing like having an Indian calling. Yeah. I'm depending on what you call. Don't have a new jet. I'm going to be so fast. But it works with the. And cruise could see that. Maybe stick to my stuff. Yeah. And it seems to give a crap about it today. And maybe two or three calls about it. They don't care. They don't give a crap. They can just run. That's why the stuff goes on in this. They can run rough shot. Nobody's back. They don't even open up a muffin complain about. They got nothing to say. And I thought the police and my country were pretty. But this is getting right up there. You know, that's right. Police, Dave. Baby. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. It's a. You. The. You. The. What do you mean by this. The. The. The. The. The. I don't know, similar in near slime, you guys think. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one last. Anybody got there, got there, Tyson, season, beef strips yet. No, good. Well, I want to have a ten. I made a mistake. I don't think you're like him at all. We all have different tastes. I think you people will puke from them. Okay. Just leaving for me. Don't go clean in the stores out. Leave them for me. Man, it's, you know, it's one of those things. You put it in the microwave. You open it up. You put it in your bowl or with dish or whatever. And it's shocking. Usually anything in a microwave, it's mediocre or it's best. You're hoping it's edible. Shockingly good. I mean, like really good. Something you'd want to have again. Like soon. Here's the lady in Del Rey Beach, hello. Hi. I want to know what's the problem with your advertising department. They never call me back. About what? I want to advertise on your show. Yeah. And they never call me back. Why not? I don't know. Who are you trying to get a hold of? Um, I don't know who to get hold of a call. They're like, facts. They're my V-mailed. They never call me back. How do you like that? Probably. Probably. I should be the one of them from our sales manager. She's having a little bit of a problem these days. She's having an emotional sound like to me. Call, uh, called John Henness, H-E-N-I-S. Rhymes with, uh, heinous. Uh-huh. And, uh, get through to him. You're leaving a message because John is very conscientious. And if you leave a message on his voice, man, or get a hold of him, he'll take care of you. You want to advertise on your show. We're just a few figures from men to buy for their wives. Right. That is King Carme Saj Clinic. Uh-huh. Me? I'm trying to do it for two months. Yeah. We'll call him John. Don't think a big great idea to advertise your listeners, so I'm to buy their wives. The gift certificate didn't ever have to leave their house. They could just do it with a credit card. Whatever you say, like I said, call up John Henness, okay. We already had one pre-plug with Captain Singh. Call up John in the, uh, spend some money. Sounds like, uh, some kind of a hooker to me. We have an open line in Broward, five six seven oh five sixty. Pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Medley. Hello. Hey. Two things. Yes. Seriously. Why do you want the sexual need more rights than everybody else? They don't. They just need the same ones, okay. And let me ask you something. Where are you from? Where are you from? I'm from where are you from? Where are you from? I'm from Miami. No, no. Where are you from originally? Originally Connecticut. Oh yeah. We'll go back there, okay. From Connecticut. Sound like a hole you owe to me. There's no hole you owe to Connecticut are there? No. Sound like a real grease ball to me. We have an open line in date one in Broward, five six seven oh five sixty. Pound five sixty on a mobile one line. On a con, on a con, on a con. Hey, listen, where do you go when you're feeling lucky? Hollywood's seminal gaming which brings to mind towards cash and excitement. Hollywood's seminal gaming's got five hundred fifty gaming machines, which pay out big time, including a special bank of machines, where jetpots starting at a hundred grand, going as high as three hundred eight nine grand. Hollywood's seminal gaming offers all the great poker action you could ever want. Seven cards stood on the hall. The hall. Highlow Texas hold. Seminal two three four as well as weekly poker tournaments and daily mini tournaments with all kinds of buy-ins and rebies for the experience player or the novice too. Hollywood's seminal gaming's four daily sessions of high stakes, finger waiting for you. Every day of your life 11 15 in the morning three seven 15 10 45 p.m. Don't forget to Hollywood's seminal gaming mommy dolphin. Gold rush is still going strong register by filling out an entry form. Then listen to this week's dolphin game here on QAM and you could take on this week's Jack pot of five grand. Sounds okay to me. It's all waiting for it. Hollywood's seminal gaming on the corner 440 one in sterling road. Open whenever you're in the mood of plunging a little bit. Twenty four hours today seven days leak even on Semkastura. Tons of reparking and belly parking too. South Florida's most exciting place to hit the big money jackpots. It said Hollywood's seminal gaming. This is five sixty two a.m. Where do you find it? Kaplan. Right where you got it. Sports radio five sixty two eight. Here's what's dragging in the church. Above movement. Now would be night. Above movement. Had too much rights on my forehead. Where have you long? Would be paradise. Above movement. Finally begun. I can wait. And keep my colon and keep your com. If you ride for your breath from this moment on. I don't know exactly where this is. Just maybe when I said, You know the thing to talk. I would just be there and I would talk. You said. I would just be there. To do. Above movement. Now I'm in the rush. I can see the trash. I promise you this. I just wait for you. Give it a flush. My boundless man I'm talking about the next time you say you've tried an elevator or in a long line of the supermarket check out and somebody cuts real real bad cheese and it's just whafting up into your nostrils and you're like a captive audience like a prisoner with nowhere to go. Ask yourself, is there a god? That's a really good time to examine that question and if anybody can answer that question, yes, at that point you seriously need mental assistance, okay? Is that just come to that pungent aroma comes up in your nostrils and nauseates and sickens you and makes you want to upchuck meals you have an eaten for years? Ask yourself, is there a god? No. Here's a mobile interpreter, hello. Hey, hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you today? Great. We're going down to Southern Palm Beach County to buy your new tape at borders. That's borders. God bless you. Well, borders in Southern Palm Beach is in Boca and there's one in Boating Beach. That's for yourself, not in Palm Beach. No, not in Palm Beach. We don't want to let us in there. Oh, okay. Well, do you have any things? Look for a good game for the jets to beat Miami two weeks. Okay, thank you. Whatever you say. Okay, we have an open line in date, five six to five six to five six to five six to five six to the animal mobile one line. Do I care about that? No, absolutely not. How much are you in daddy? Let's hear about. And good old. Come on up here. More about that. Here's a cross-praying, hello. Yeah, all right. Okay. Good. I have sex season approaches and we're starting to spend our money on sex. I needed to call you to tell you about two things. And please, you know, this out. Number one, I was on a cruise over the weekend. And I boarded my dog. And they said to me when I boarded the dog, why don't you have a dog tag on there? And I said, well, we never really had a dog tag. And he says, well, you know, they go door to door. Looking for dogs that don't have dog tag. And I said, is that what we spend our text on? Who goes door to door? They know how to do it. They know how to do it. Oh, yes. They've been done to know the dog tag doggy values. Yeah, right. Right. And that's what we spend our text on. And the second, it's like, I guess, like, call it. Both of my dogs have got tags. So thank God that I'm safe from the no tag doggy, please. Oh, they have nothing better to do. Yeah. The first. Well, I don't sure if you don't have a tag. And you get like, you really shot something. Or you think you're the dog? You're the dog. It's really shot. And why don't you have a tag? You know what? I never thought about it. And you know, I maybe I should have picked the defendant. I don't know. You know, you're missing the point. They get a certain listen. I don't want to say that you're, you're fitting. But the fact is that when you get your yearly shots and put it in a rabies shot, they give you a tag. It's a vet that's automatic. It's part of what you're paying for. They give you a little slip of paper. They give you a tag to put on dogs, call it. Trace this college George. We got a dog of user. Second. No, no, seriously. Let's, I want to go back on this. I don't want to let people in. We can talk about that. The fact of the matter is that I didn't understand that. When I was at the vet, they said, you don't even got registered. I, and we take it to, it's a, the dogs two years old. It's a pure bread dog. We spent an awful lot of money. Well, what don't have a registered with whom? What's the stink? You don't have a tag. And if you don't have a tag, they'll come to your door. Sir, are you listening to the words that are coming from my lips? Let me say it again. When you, if you did take your dog and if he's only two years old, it is a must that you took your dog. Sometimes the vet in the area and got that series of shots that stood in the rabies shot, at which point they give you a tag. They don't ask you about the doggy police that give you a tag. Press that call and get this guy busted right away. Okay. He's probably got a nice two year old puppy there in his house. And his guy didn't take care of the dog. And there's nothing worse that people that have used and don't take care of their pets. And he's complaining about, in fact, I hope there is a doggy police. I hope we give them the phone number and he'd rest. And they go, they're in buses. God damn it. Oh, lion sack of crap. You know, what, what are all, you know, we've got people in this building that play that game pretend they don't hear what you said. They just keep on talking. I've been around the block too many times for that game, pal. I just got through a ton. If you were telling me that's the truth and you took your dog to the vet in the area and got him a shot like he's supposed to get or she or whatever it is. They give you the tag right there on a spot. They give it to you. And if you want to leave it stick it on a collar. If you're too lazy or stupid or impassal to do it yourself. But it's not about right. All these people want to complain and belly it. But in the meantime, are they doing what they're supposed to be doing? No. They're living up to their end of the bargain. No. No. Boy, boy, I'm going to tell you something. Anybody that don't take care of their dog. I'm my list. You're on my, you're on my, you're on my list. And it's for the dog anyway, so that they don't cut it. They don't cut it. It's head off and dig into its brain. It's a bunch of bites and body. The rabies. What? Just the way you said there was just so disgusting. It is, is they don't cut their head off and dig it up to the dog. And in that order necessarily while I assume that they cut the head off before they dig into the brain. How do you know that? I don't. Didn't work along this place. We have an open line of day five six seven five sixty five five sixty at a mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Anyhow. How do you like that dog abuse or how to pull one over on us? That's totally cruel. I believe that anyway, um, there were even long calling is because I was on a cruise ship last year. And, uh, there was a football player on a cruise ship and introduce them. What have you with a member of the Minnesota Vikings? But anyway, yes. Well, you're expecting a fine of Viking, but on a ship. Anyway, I'm reading the, um, the book you're reading about, proven cone. Yes, sir. I'm reading the chapter that, um, you know, basically it's up the Viking and how much, how there are a bunch of criminals in. Right. Who they mentioned on the book? Who gets who they mentioned? I have not. I don't remember. I've been guy who lived on a cruise ship with. Yeah. You had all the meetings his girlfriend or something back in when he was in Kentucky. So they're going to go. Oh, right. But at the very top of the territory, I mean, if your job arch is supposed to be up your girlfriend, oh, your wife can usually both. Oh, I mean, there are many of them who have, but that's totally right. There's an entire chapter devoted to the Minnesota Viking, most corrupt human sports. Mm-hmm. Not at all. And I'm going to tell you when you can leave the, when you can leave the Cowboys looking Good by comparison, which like the books says they didn't even bother with the Cowboys because there's no tourists as much publicity as they've gotten. They pill in the wind significance. But hey, you guys that want to go off there and spend all your heart and money to support a bunch of criminals, a bunch of wife, uh, beaters and girlfriend abusers and a bunch of drug addicts. Hey, be my guest. Go ahead. Have a good time. Peace a loop, you know. We have an open line in Dave County, five six. Well, there's David Swarrers. Might have my check. Where's my check, David? Hello? Yes, sir. Uh, I don't know. I'm not in charge of that, but I'm not in charge of that, but who is in charge? I got a check-up in for last week. They finally got the audio straightened out on that show, which I noticed last night for the first time in a week that I bothered turning it on. And uh, and I still can't get paid now for these bastards. Well, me, all I mean, right now, I'm not even working for them. So, you're not? No. What are you doing? Uh, I'm waiting. I'm waiting for work. Oh, I see. I'm very agreed, promise me a job. Yo, I'm a joke. Just stay by the phone. No, no, no, I shouldn't have been working on another show. There's ten later on. Oh. But, oh, I was wrong. I want to apologize for what I said, because I did see the promo for that the other night and the D.T. whatever his name is. He is really grotesque. Well, I won't deny that, but I can't really comment because... No, I'm just not. You don't need to comment. I'm just telling you he's a scrawny and ugly and looks like a scarecrow on a bad day, but nevertheless. I wanted to thank you for the ticket. I was in LA when you got back. So, um, I wasn't able to thank you for the hockey tickets that you gave me. And I asked you which game was that? Those, uh, New Jersey Devil's, they lost, but it was a good game. Uh-huh. It's great. Great. I've never been hockey game before. No, let's go. Because we've only had about three really entertaining home games all season so far. So the fact that you got to see one of them, and thank God for that. Yeah, but you know what, when I was out in LA, I got a chance to listen to Soh Henry and actually had something for you. Yeah. And I was out there. Are you sure? I'm sure. Uh-huh. Oh, you could eat, you know, actually people request that out there. Of course. But, uh, all the time. Um, they have a new time's out there. Just like they have one here. Yeah. And once there was a, there was a lesbian, uh, thought show of us there at KFI, who worked with Phil. And it seems like she's accusing Phil that, oh, yeah. Well, he, we talked at Phil a couple of weeks ago and he told us all about them. She's, uh, suing everybody there for sexual harassment and making up stories about Phil's wife coming onto her. But it's all kinds of ridiculous crap. Right. Well, I have the article that, uh, that they printed up about that over there. And I, I didn't know if you wanted to do it or not. But I have it if you want to come bring it in. I'll leave it in there for you today. Okay. But, uh, otherwise, I wanted to thank you for the tickets. I am probably out of material. You must be very happy about the lock out because now you've got 100% hockey and boring football. Okay. But otherwise, take care. Okay. Talk to a robin. See where my check is. Okay. Are you pushing that? Then we'll be even on the ticket. He's working on pushing up the ticket. Okay. Thanks, David. Take care. I see. Okay. Two open lines in days five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, one, one line line line line. And the only thing is kicking ass, baby. You don't have any idea how it's doing. But I guess I'm pumping gas at mobile yesterday. I'm proud. What about there's a young, like, complexive guy. I don't know he's a black Puerto Rico whatever it was. I don't know. It doesn't make any difference to me. And he says he's going by to go inside the thing. I'm pumping gas. I'm pumping it. And he says to me, hey, you're not in the garage. Sorry, I said, yeah. And he comes back. She takes my hand. Love your TV show. Man, it's great. Love people that speak their mind. Everywhere I go, people watching that TV. I'm not this radio audience. They don't want to watch it because they've already heard it. It's outdated. It's bogus. But there's a whole other group of people out there. A whole other category of living and breathing human beings who are glued to that thing on Miami of United 1030. And you can actually hear the sound now. Here's what Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, don't you? Okay. About that casino boat. I don't think it had anything to do with them. Gamble inside of waters or whatever the case may be. Yeah, I think. I wonder, water over water. But if you're pissing off people off and you don't treat them right. Like you're experienced at the Rio. You know what I mean? Yeah. If this enough people off, you know, eventually, you know, something like that's going to happen to you. What? What? What does that mean? Well, have you ever been on that boat? No, of course not. I'll tell you what. I've been on there a couple of times just to wait to treat people. You know, you have people. What is that happening with Bob Butterworth and Ken Jennings going in there and staging a rade for the media and closing them down and confiscating their spa machines? Because they, I mean, if they piss off the public and you don't want to go back and subsidize them. Nobody is kidnapping people and forcing them to go on the ship. Well, if you screw enough people enough times, we'll just just keep saying it. Okay, just standing for the American keeping it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. Until you just can't handle it anymore, because I can't. We have an open line in Broward 2 and 8, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, the animal, the one line. Got probably lost 20 bucks. Prop 26 and 5, 60, WQMs. So, Panthers take the long show to Buffalo for tonight's game with the Savior. Chris Moore, Randy Moward, Steve Goldstein, host the action starting with Panthers preview at 630. I sports radio, 5, 6, QA and... Holy cow, Aaron's coming. There's been a major setback today for the NBA Lockout. Player representatives, you throw out dual kingfish. Oh, well, I pulled it before and he pulled it before it would be a from Buffalo for the results So, little hall, Sunday, 2-3, this lucky ace rant ro<|eu|> the Okay, 1231 at 560 WQ. What are you babbling about, George? We have an open line at day We wanted Howard 560 5050 at a mobile line. Here's a mobile and call spring. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple of things. First, I was about counting commissioners. Want to elect a mayor for Broward County. That means that they're going to have a big battle of the asshole. You want to be chief asshole. Yeah. Second of all. And I'm very opposed. By the way, on the way, I can't say, which I'm not familiar with at all. Are there any restrictions on all of oil and wine? You're used to that. Olive oil, you can have all the olive oil. You want the wine, a little, maybe a little touch. No booze. Okay. Just light on the boat. Okay. Thanks. What I want to know is, I'll get the book, man. Tony, it works. Yeah. Our board is sure. Okay. Well, because I can pick up one of your cities. I'm doing great. Thank you. And good to have you, how do you know back on the show? I watched the show because I don't always get to hear all of well. It doesn't matter now. But good to have you audio. Okay. Thanks. Fine. Yeah. It's good to be able to hear the show. That's good on the TV thing to be able to actually hear what the guy is saying. Two open lines that Broward won a day five and day. All of the drop-in-off like flies here. Man, this is, I don't get this place. I don't get you. People, I don't get this town. I don't get this state. I don't understand it. I just, no matter if I live to be 600. If I live to be 900, like my thos, I'll never understand this. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Just keep beating them overhead with a goddamn mallet. They love it. They just lap it up, baby. They just soak it up. Here's Hylia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Bill? Okay. All right. Last night, that game, I think we saw Brian Murray's philosophy in action with a Roe. You know if he's big, he must be good, you know, for a hockey player. Yeah, they like to tease the size queen. I told that a long time, he likes big, yeah. You know, and then what we got waiting in the rent wings is another one of his big players, Chris Wells. Yeah. You know, is supposed to be a super star later. How's he doing, yeah? You know, I hope he never comes back. I mean, the guy's got no heart. You can see that one. Any plans in his hand? No. He can't pass any can't play because he's from Coach Alendard and the heavyweight day. Okay. We have an open line at Broward, all three in date. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, are you? Okay. I don't know if you caught this morning. I'm fighting the good fights here. Fight in the good fight. I don't know if you've caught this morning. Kim hardaway interview it on five, six. I heard his voice come on here and I immediately punched into the CD position. Why do I want to hear Kim hardaway? I mean, see, I realized that the people I got up to talk about beside Jimmy and Danny, so our sports people are desperate for a little variety. But why do you want to hear what a, what's some overpay, Jockeys doing while the NBA is on strike and not playing? Who then gives the crap what he's doing now? Well, well, but anybody care and then they're right mind, what Kim hardaway is doing? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, of course, I'm going to need some, uh, elicution elections. Uh, how about how about Edger and whatever that guy James, whatever that kid for the hurricane, they interviewed him the other day on this station. I was in the car. I wanted to cry. This kid can't say hello. He is so in our particular. And oh, he got to be a star. I'm thinking of myself, man, is this sports thing is just out of control? It is insanity. Just follow. And what kind of a game that he anyway, Edger and I don't know what he's doing. Hey, I'm not going to be a star. How did you do it? That is it? Okay, I thought I'd say whatever you said. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, all three and day, five, six, seven, you're playing pretty hard to get today, guys. Although I will tell you, I sure feel a lot better since we stopped giving a crap away on his show. I'll tell you that boy, that was the worst. We got sucked and lulled into a whole period of time there when we were like buying the people at nothing to say. In fact, on the show last night on Wany, I had my tickets or the opening home game, the Tampa big game, because I was going to be a way that we can and give him away and it had some broad, some bitch on the photos, already on the phone and she pretends that she's got some hockey things she wants to talk about. And now she starts sucking around for the tickets. Did I give them to her? No, but I didn't. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, any interest here today? And then he arrived, you're showing five, sixty, W. Q.A. and anybody with anything to say? Oh, anybody concerned about the raids on a cruise ship's last night? Oh, anybody concerned about the a day-coutty past the gay rights thing yesterday? No. Anybody concerned about anything in the world? Oh, about the anything. Man. Mobile in Miami Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. Call me nuts, but I just moved. You're not Miami Beach. Like I said, from Atlanta. Crazy. I know. No, not tickets. I get the feeling that besides that mistake that when Atlanta's hockey teams start up next year. Gonna be a big bomb just like it was before. Well, go up in flames. Just like it did before. That is a crappy sports town. You know what? Nine-know-it. Yeah. Well, I have a feeling that it's going to be uh, better than, at least, run better than the panthers. How do you know that? Well, see. How do you know that? Based on what? They don't even have a teen yet. You're already predicting it's going to be one better? How base where what? Well, how much does said sir have in, and taking that new hockey team? I have you had any idea. You're from Atlanta and you're asking me? Well, I don't know. All right. Thanks, Bill. You don't know. Does he have any part of the team involved in that? Of course I know. I mean, he chose the general manager and I'm not sure who that, I think it's Brian Cashman. And, I don't know. But uh, Brian Cashman, who the hell is Brian? Kind of Wayne Cashman? Who's Brian Cashman? Uh, yeah, no Brian Cashman. Who the hell is Brian Cashman? Who is that? Well, I guess we'll see you next year. Okay. Thank you. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, Mann. Oh, that was the best. That was, thank you sir for moving here from Atlanta. If only, for just making that call, you have made my day, you've made my week you made my day, you made my monkey made my year. He's the general manager of the New York He's the general manager of the New York Yankees. I was just told. I never heard of Brian Cashman in my life. And if he's the general manager of the New York Yankees, what business has he got being general manager of the Atlanta, whatever they're going to be calling him? Since Calgary's already got the flames that used to be the Atlanta flames, where they bomb big time. This has Jake McDonald's. He'll tell you. Well, he needs to work. 21 before one at five, 60 WQAM. You want to get a great car, a great value. You must be before I do this spot. I asked him who is Brian Cashman. Did he know? No. I don't know. I have no idea who that is. Is this guy know? He's giving me a name. Who is he? No. You want to get a great car, a great value? Well, they go to Potentkin, Toyota on 440, 190 Third Street. Potentkin, Toyota will not only sell you a car, the lowest price in town. They'll give you a great service that nobody else can touch. That's the thing that really makes them. In fact, the day I had my car wreck a little over a year ago. I pulled it into their lot and they treated me like worldly and they gave me an ice pack. And they said, hey, we'll help you the up. And someday you'll be talking good stuff about us in here. I am Potentkin, Toyota, introduced windshield pricing, which based buying, releasing a Toyota as easy as walking into the doors, picking out the car you want. And there is the price on a windshield. You know it's the lowest price in town to that's what their famous force during you write in the face. Potentkin, Toyota's got her followers, cameras, avalanches, and the new salara. You want a great sport, utility vehicle. Check out Potentkin, Toyota's 440s or land cruisers. Or how about a great Toyota to come a truck? Potentkin, Toyota's got all these vehicles ready for delivery, waiting on you right now. And go to business with our great friends, the treats you like royalty. Potentkin, Toyota, or Column 930 Toyota for the best deal on the greatest in service. Potentkin, Toyota on 441 at a hundred and ninety-thirds, we just took Quik Mousese to peepy park. Potentkin, Toyota, no bald headed geek. No hassles, no fuss, just great deals every time. Where do you find? Thanks Goldberg. Why where you got it? Sports radio, 560, Q-8M. That's a troll you with. Go, fuck yourself. Does your underwear stink? So you think you probably need a stronger laundry detergent, huh? Well, actually, no, you need a stronger body soap, and we have just the thing for you. It's called 10 Scrub Plus. The names of it are. The special body soap will scrub your can. Plus, on the reverse side of the bar, is the highly specialized crotch cleaner. For boys, the tube-shaped crotch cleaner is both effective and enjoyable to use. And for girls, the rod-shaped crotch cleaner does a very thorough job. It's Can Scrub Plus. Clean your crack. Then have all the incentive you'll ever need to clean your front side for hours on end. Can Scrub Plus. Because a stinky crotch can ruin your day. Or at least her underpants. For a 44 or a 560 WQAM. Tell us about the French, please. Here's a mobile in Bokha, hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes, you got any free tickets to the safe-a-game? Yes. And when we go. You got some paint tickets for you too, right? Yes. Did you see the game last week, or did you hear what you were out of town? I was not here, and I did not see it. I was in Vegas losing money. Did anybody tell you about that game? What about it? It was a blood bath. Yeah, I know that. I read a bunch. The guys got ejected. The partner got cut with no call. Another guy got a space bus that opened on the board. Yeah. It's going to be good tonight. The Rob Ray is suspended, of course. So he won't be playing. But part of you'll be playing in the car. Yeah. Not kind of in Peter will be playing. Maybe they'll knock the crap out of him. He made him out of the line up. It's going to be worth watching. Yeah. I'll be watching. You don't like to watch the game. Although, let's see. That game starts at 7 because they know the least in the Kings are playing at 730. That'll be on the dish. Yeah, I'm going to watch it. It's a good one. I'm going to record it. Okay. Have a great time. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. What did you say? Here's Virginia Key. Hello. Hi, I'm going to help. Yes, sir. I just call him back on the fact that the order is to pass. Right. I was for the yesterday. I was surprised that actually it was Dennis Moss that that okay, and not very Maranzo. You expected Merriam Alamso to vote. Fortunately, he already said once he voted for the hearing. She said that she was against it. Right. Did you really expect one of the Hispanic members of the Commission to vote for it? I didn't want to. I didn't want to. I didn't want to. Yeah. I thought we could be able to see six six. Six. Six. He also didn't. And let's get him to shut up for. Now this role guy. This is this a dot complexed commissioner. Is that Dennis Moss? No, no, not Dennis Moss. Roll. I'll. Let me take a picture. He voted. No. I don't have his picture. I'm not if he's a kid to Esther. No, say. But I'll definitely check it out. Yeah, I'll count his curious. Was he voted? No. In the negative. You know, again, the Bible and we don't need special rights. And Yadi Adela is other. All these other excuses for our bigotry. You know, a new screaming at me, you know, one of the, one of the Hispanic passers that asked me to spoke English and he said yes, and I said, can you say separation of church and state? And you know, they said, okay. Yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. Anyway, first of all, that even in repressive day, county with this homophobic, Hispanic influence, that's so pervasive and overwhelming. And spite of that, that we're finally coming into the out of the dark ages. And then the law is finally saying, hey, guess what? You can't discriminate against anyone group of people, no matter what, you know, what they all they are. They just don't want their friends and highly at the end of the zone. Yeah, that must be a good day. Okay. Congratulations to. There you go. A lot of people out of folks worked hard on that thing. They were working on it. And the ordinance, too. Got it passed and they'd county. Broward, of course, three years ago, got that pass. And in Palm Beach, too, I believe, from a positive. All these good Christians screaming Jesus, Dean, and all, you know, I read the whole thing in the paper this morning. She wanted to get on your hands and these in puke. The fact that here we are wasting our time, you know, all these circumstances, see Christians in America today, those people who talked a lot about being Christians, all that this is mean, I'm a bigot when they tell you that. I'm a bigot on the, uh, ax murder or whatever. And how about going out instead of being a spending so much year of time and energies on bigotry and you're right to discriminate and hate people. How about going out and helping some homeless people? How about going to a hospital? Helping some people who are dying and lonely? How about doing a million different positive things that you might be doing? Oh, no, they don't have time for that because they got to spread the good word. You know, they got to make sure who's not even nice. Here's Miami Springs, hello. How are you doing up on the up? Okay, sir. The more about the hockey game, the more of a loss. Who's the tire of a loss? Who's the just a loss? You had a great game, and I prefer the last game against Buffalo. You're on a two-game streak. It was a bad loss. It was two seconds away from being a, you know, a win, but a little bit of a win. No, it was six tenths of a second away from being a win. My point is, when you're talking to rationalize the fact that they blew the game with a lot of stupid play last night, and that this team has got, uh, is just suffering from a serious lack of talent. Is that what you're doing? No, I'm just saying that scoring wasn't a problem last night or the game before. The play girls coming in. And how about the goal-tending? Was that good? It was awful. How about, uh, on the power play when the Rangers went three for six and a power play was the penalty killing. The penalties, I'm sure, I'm not denying that. So, it's still just the one that... Well, it doesn't make any difference whether it's just the first of all you have to look at the way that they lost. And secondly, you have to look at the way that they're really playing. If you want to take the Buffalo game and make that the barometer of what this team is really all about, then you're deluding yourself. Take all the other games around it. Take the coma game in Tampa. Take the, uh, the black hockey. I'm giving you a couple of games that they won that will horrendous performances. Take the Detroit game. Take the Vancouver game. Take the Boston game. The one nothing coma inducing it. This is not a good team right now. Take the I ruin the soccer conference. That's not my other thing. No, no, but I mean, why are you trying to delude yourself? Why can't we practice things in intelligently? It's not a good team. It's not a good team. I just don't think I ruin the soccer conference. We don't question you. But it doesn't make any difference. What's the vision there in? Because it's still the top eight in the conference. Go to the playoffs. Make no difference. What's the vision you're in? Uh, if the answer to that, I say, can you believe you to cow iron or or fraud? I might be at number three feet. Yeah. Go test. I thought you were moving that trash yesterday. I'm not, I'm not dealing. I'd be like, I'd be like, I can't understand why anyone would want to go to get any kind of anti discrimination rule anywhere. What's all of this goes from the net? I'm going to, most of the commissioners have voted against it. We're Hispanics. So what does that tell you? They're, you know, they're panicking with the constituency. They're homophobic constituents. Most of them are in the closet. Women should be a new, I mean, they're able to talk about special rights, special privileges, special privileges, special rights. There's nothing special. I just as you can't get fired and you can't get denied housing. You can't be discriminated against just because you happen to be gay. The, the same rights that everybody else has and, uh, like we should have. Just the type that they had to put up shows you kind of a back where that country were. Yes, sir. Have an eight day. You got bless us all. As tiny Tim would say, can't be for one or two a. And we have an open line in date. I mean, I understand. I may have been living here a long time. I'm aware of this whole Hispanic self-hating kind of thing. You know, not a con, not a con, not a con, because the one who yells loud is not a con, that's the might of con. I'm telling you that right now. All right, you know, I've traveled all over Europe and I've seen the attitudes there. I've been in, uh, it'll easily the attitudes, uh, there. And when you're dealing with Hispanics, you're dealing with a lot of closet cases. The reason that there's this tremendous emphasis on this macho thing is because there are a lot of people who are embarrassed about the fact that, you know, that they like to win anything that moves. If it's breathing, they'll do it. And even if it's just the still warm, it may not be breathing, but if it's still warm, it might be okay to whether it's male female or, uh, of undetermined origin. But rather than admitting that, it's too embarrassing. So we got to be real macho and, uh, sure everybody how homophobic we are, and, uh, etc. Medical and they're going to come and eat that kind of just call everybody a lot of names. Okay. And show your ass to the world. Maybe they might like it. We have an open line in date. 56050505050 on the mobile one line. So once again, the Christian writes just like an election on November 5th. Once again, yesterday in date, county, you lose. That's right. Because the Christian write, I love the bumper sticker that says the Christian write is neither. And it's absolutely correct. They're not Christians and they're not, uh, they're not right. All are right, wing, phonetical, and it's bigots is what they are. Oh, this is for the lady from the Christian coloritions, and you're going to be off the air. You want to bet sweetheart? Here's Miami. Hello. You know, hi, don't. Okay, sir. Yeah, two things here. First of all, uh, very happy that, uh, in Miami, you really don't care what happens to the All-star game. And, uh, don't just glad nobody cares because I really don't. And I'm full. I don't either. Absolutely. And I'm full. If I had one second of my life to be concerned about whether or not the, uh, Major League Baseball is going to play the All-Star game. I would get a bullet and put it through my brain because I would know that my life is totally meaningless. How could anybody waste their time worrying about whether the All-Star game is going to be played in my book? How does it change anything? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And I'm here deep aligning this morning. Make it all, you just, excuse me, like, somehow that's going to have a negative impact on the Marlins? Well, we're not talking about the Marlins, okay? How many Marlins are going to be playing in the All-Star game? Well, I mean, I'm just even more happier than base. Hey, we're taking away the All-Star game, and it's like, yeah, so. Yeah, but just prepare yourself for this big onslaught now with the, you know, the push for the new stadium. That's, like, all we started with Dave Hyde's stupid column this morning. Great. Well, all of the other thing I want to talk about is your Toronto native. And what? You're from Toronto, he said? When did I ever say that? I thought you said you were from Toronto. When did I say that? Okay. I thought you were watching this during New York City. I write a cross to Lake. I could almost swim from March to Toronto. I'm not from Toronto, but probably a 40 year Toronto Maple Leaf fan. But last time I checked the Leaf said 28 points. How? This, this separate thing that's going on up there. You know what? I say, first of all, it's got nothing to do with Toronto. If you know Canada, it's got to do with Quebec and Montreal. Yeah, and as far as I'm concerned, if the rest of Canada were smart, they would encourage them to separate. Let them meet the cross on to whatever they want to. And get rid of them, okay? Because there's nothing worse than a frog. Or geez, I mean, to have the opportunity to separate yourself and it's frog. I'm telling you, the business people have moved out of Montreal, like there's a plague there. And they moved to Toronto and they replaced us, but they have just flown out of a much y'all. Because the hate that exists there based on the language thing is psychotic. Well, I mean, it's just amazing French, French Canadians. I mean, it's the same type of attitude. Yeah. You know, hey, to have an opportunity to move away from them, I take it then. Well, well, by the way, we're also sending the old Cubans to Quebec too. Well, that doesn't bother me. I mean, young Cuban. Okay. Have a good day. All the old Cubans pack up your, your, maybe an O Chase baby and your Guaya Barra's because we're sending you to Quebec right away. They're not like the weather up there, but you'll fit right in with those frogs. You can argue back and forth in French and Espanyol. Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa. That's it. Probably we do Span. There you go. All these people who want to use their language as a weapon and punish everybody else. Jesus. Guys are in business up there with the with the restaurants with little mom and pop restaurants and they had the audacity to have signs in English. And hashling the hell out English and French. Oh, no, no signs in English. Crazy crazy people, the frogs. And when we had that story about, you know, about the French people and how they don't bathe very often and they use very little soap. Because maybe they're maybe they're afraid they're going to drop it. The things that could be the reason. They don't use a lot of soap. They're afraid they might drop it. How about if we've invented soap on a handle? That old Pope soap on a rope. That might be good. That might do them real good. Maybe it's not like cheese. Yeah, I know they already did. They already got that without the soap. Well, you oughta know. 10 days or five before one, 12.55 and five. 60 WQAM. Sports radio, five, 60 QAM. Roger show. Now, what is it? Five, 60 WQAM. My amy Fort Lutterdale. It's not just the one to two hour. It's the phenomenon. I didn't make a mistake, but also. Gotta wish this Christmas season. Peace on earth. We'll have new men. We bunches abroad on the White House lawns. Walking in an intern Wonderland. All right. On the way is the blue dress. Monica never confess. Sports court. Where the rock stars can fart just my thighs. Walking in an intern Wonderland. In the middle I can get a snow job. And pretend I think it isn't wrong. Tell her, yeah, I'm married. But no sweat, ma'am. Forget my wife when you put on this song. I'll give him the life in the bathroom. For romance will happen there soon. It feels so clear. We haven't sexed what you've paid. Walking in an intern Wonderland. All right. Back to you. One o'clock at five, 60 WQAM. The Hank Goldberg show will be live and direct any Reck from Shulal State to today at 2 o'clock. And then we got Josh and Clarence. Did I say that right? It's six o'clock tonight. Do I say that right? I thought it was Cory. Like I said, Josh and Cory. It's six o'clock. I don't know any of these people. I've never seen any of these people. I don't know who they are. And in about what is it? 10 years when we finally move in the same building here. Well, actually, see who they are. And then we'll say, oh, well, it was no big deal. And, uh, 630 we got the pre-game show with the Geldy because seven o'clock we got the game. Baby, the Panthers and the Sabers. Any interest. No. Okay. And our good friend Eddie Kaplan after the game was an even better friend than ever. Because he sent us a great check for center one, which we thank him profusely. Don't forget you can go to Borders. Pick up the best in the old volume is one and two. The center day will be at the shells and pepper finds, which the address is, 1 18 25 pines full of our directly in front of the Pembleflakes Mall. 5 to 7 p.m. will be there with all our best in the new stuff. Or you can call an order or a direct from center one. If you like 5, 633, 636, 536, 536, whether that's a 9 5 4 number or just check out our website, and you'll Roger's.com. You can order direct off there too. Okay. Where we be going? Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. John. Yes. I just, uh, your real big fan now up in Wacantin, Ontario. I sent him a copy of your plane bagpipes. Yeah. B-B. And the people are going crazy up there. Oh, they do that a lot up there is when I hear. There's a big bagpipes band up there. Right. And I mean, you're a hero. They're probably as long as two and a right now. Oh, they are. Yeah. Is there always, they want CDs? Is there a place that, uh, a address that I can, they can order them? Well, just give them that number. They can call an order on 9 5 4. Okay. 5 6 3. 5 6 3. 36 100. 36 100. And they'll have it no time. Oh, great. I've done a big fan of yours. And they've played bagpipes is on there by the way. That's on the, on the, on the one. Right. It's on there and that they, they want crazy over that. Great. And they just love this. And I've been a fan of years for years and years. Talked to you, uh, called before back on another station. Oh, we don't want to say that. No, I know. Keep up the good work. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you around day. All right. Okay. You have an open line at Broward. Five six. Spirits and change Mr. Five six. Five six seven. Five six. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, hi, don't. Great. And I listen to your quote often, I mean, I think you're a very common sense kind of guy. Yes, I am. Now, this thing that's been packed on the voice that you're reading. Like, no mistake about it. You're asking. No, the thing is that I understand is. Now, being discriminated against being gay. That means that. If a person for some reason, other looks back on their sexual orientation is denied. A certain right, for example, to be reading somewhere, to be working somewhere, whatever case I be. Yes. Now, don't you think that will be abused to some degree? I'm sorry. In what way? In saying that, perhaps the reason why they weren't afforded those rights or that, for example, as the shoes rent that they, they sent a lot to live in that particular apartment building and whatever the reason was was because the, the reason was that they were gay. And in fact, it wasn't. One that, in the moment, it would be the reason. How about, how about blacks? Do you think that blacks using an excuse to people try to exclude them from letting it in their building? Didn't we pass civil rights rights legislation to prevent that from happening? Which was happening all the time? True. Do I understand what you're saying perfectly? And again, I mean, I'm glad that it's happening. I'm just because you follow complaint doesn't make it automatic. You obviously have to prove your case that you're being discriminated against because you're black or gay or Jewish or whatever you are. You have to prove the case. But they've passed it in hundreds of counties and places all over the country. And I don't read about any problems with it. Okay. So this is something that I thought about. I wanted to have to see what you thought about that. Well, I mean, I hope it never abuse so we never lose rights. But then it lose one right to discriminate? Yeah, no, no, no, not only not discriminate, but to that that people, a lot of views, the, the mere fact that we're getting all these things past, in order to have the equality and our court. Put your mind in ease, pal. Nobody's going to come running out saying I'm a fag in America today because they want to make some kind of a case. Trust me. All right. And have a great day. Okay. We have an open line in, uh, Broward 2 in date, five, six, seven, five, 60, five, 60, out of the 18th, where the slide. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, this is John down at Gulf Stream Park. All right. Hey, I, listen to you the other day when you were talking about the, the golfers that was stuttering. When you're talking about the golf being a game and not a sport, I got a big kick out of that. Well, there must have been a tape. That's when I was in Vegas. That was a tape. Well, anyway, you said something about the dockies being good athletes. Yes, they are. Well, I tell you, a pound for pounds. There is probably as good athletes as anybody in the world and there's fearless. I would say next to hockey players, they're probably the best athletes in the world. Absolutely. You're right. Anyway, everybody watching the horse racing, especially through a bird racing, more so than harness racing, but anybody that watches it like with binoculars and we closely and see how close those horses come. And then, of course, you that terrible action we had yesterday called. I mean, realize it's just how much danger is involved. Absolutely. The reason I really called is, I just don't know what's wrong with our justice system. I read today in the paper about this little six year old girl that was beat to death by her father. Right. And he steps in a double bag and throws her in the forest and then they put him in jail and protective shooting and won't let him out into the general population because they're facing a guy. We got a protective match right. Nobody was there to protect his little girl, but we got to protect him now. Oh, my God. You know, I just love to have my way with him for just a few minutes. I said somebody called about this in the beginning of the show and I said, what they ought to do is have a special place instead of protective. They ought to have like a non-protected place, like throwing the questions to the lions like the Romans used to do. They ought to like put him out of a special area and just like then just turn the other way like they often do and just let him do whatever they want. I tell you, I sure I sure enjoy your show and if you ever make it down to Gulfstream, I'm in Barn 23. My name is John. Okay. And maybe I can come up with a horse for you to catch a car. All right. Sounds good to me. Thanks, John. Okay. With anybody can come up with a horse for me. I'm their friend immediately. We have an open line in Broward, two in date, five six seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, six on the 18 T wireless line. Just like a pop at O Park. I've been going there. I've been a good friend with there. I've been the number one promoter in the media of pop at O Park for a hundred years now. Has anybody ever come up with a horse for me? No. No. Ever. Ever. Once. As my good friend Kelly Shepherd ever come up with a horse. No. I close friend Kevin Wallace ever come up with a. No. Can I just my good friend, bull Hallard ever come up with a horse? No. So I'll both of the other night. Pomp at O Park. Do you give me a horse? No. I good friend. Iron Mike did my cover come up with a horse. No. Two open lines in date. County five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18. We're used to going up there and lose not too much. Just having a good time. Having a few last. Watson, fat rich go through his routine and run around the track. You ain't thinking about that. He almost got shot out of one of my bets. Yeah. The night because he's up there talking with one of the owners up there. And I'm saying, rich. They're going to the post 30 seconds above and he's looking at me. He's just standing there staring off in this space. Thinking about the last race, which he just blew. Go to the window. Okay, rich. You're a great guy. But go to the window. Get the bed in. Get it in and cut the crap. Eight minutes after one is 5. 60 WQAN. The sports radio 5. 60. 28 L. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. If I'm going to suck on something. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. What for? I hate to wrong things tonight. I told you, I said I'm looking to die. I got to let my ass out. They be a little too tight. I just got a little bit of it. I don't want to go to the night. I don't fall step step by step, my Tuskegee rod twist it to you. Huh? There's my dead amuse or say, hey, I don't know why I'm here. The stairs inside the driving scene, right? Hey, I don't mind that. I'm fed simply across the room here. Hey, I don't mind that. I don't make it to the toilet, say, please. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why my Tuskegee rod twist it to you. What? What? Sorry, what? Daddy. There. Oh. Oh. Oh. That was good. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Thought? Pardon me. And I saw. I'm gonna take my time. So I had to take my job. Oh, sir, if I drop a strong, long one, now I'll feel fine. There's no luck, but you can make it to my heart. And it don't go, stupid, when my kissy rod twist it to you. And it don't go, stupid, when my kissy rod twist it to you. Oh. What is that? One-four-teen is five, five-sixy-two. You know, we were just, at least now, with a little technically inept at the beginning of that. If I'm gonna suck on something, it's not gonna be an oyster. No, it isn't because I made it, sir. It's because we're just discussing, you're realizing, that Christmas day and New Year's day, come on Fridays this year. Oh, my God. Which makes for a nice long, three-day holiday weekends back to back, which sounds, Oh, what do you think of myself? Where can I go on those weekends? Like, any place, but here sounds pretty interesting. Okay, where we going to a mobile in Hellendale, hello? Huh? Yes, sir. Yes, I want to comment on the, uh, Quebec political situation. Yes? Have you ever been to Montreal? No, I've not. All right, it's a shame. Too many frogs. No, it's the one that's most beautiful historical city in the city's in the world. Right. And what all is built? What's not started with a city itself? It's the people who are there. That's the problem. Everybody knows that major economy has brought into a city. This tourism. And it's what all this bilingual garbage is going to want to go there. The Franco files against the Engle files and the frogs against the, whatever. I'm from Montreal. Right. I just graduated and I think it was like, I might degree it. I just flew down here six months and down here in Florida. And I just got out of there so fast, you wouldn't believe. I don't blame him. And I don't know what, especially the way your hockey team is playing. I don't blame either. Oh, don't comment on that. Oh yeah. More than not any better, but we just say that's a nice situation that people are on the Canadian. Not any better. I got news for Canadians. They're barely had a Tampa Bay. You're just barely hanging on the clinging to an inch away from the bottom spot in the Conference man. Yeah, that's what I've enjoyed. That's an nice situation because the, the, the francophone, the frogs, I don't that thing. Don't understand any money and they have more money than anybody. Right. It's owned by the beer company. And it's, yeah, it's so much money. They can't even invest on a, on a quality level. People can't recover. Since we'll bat took over hockey night in Canada. The most people are looking their wounds and they're just never going to be the same again. So you're in for a lot of long drought. Yeah. Well, I don't know what they're going to do up there. But I'll like you back. I really enjoy the city. So it's a good place to be from. Just keep that in mind. It's a great place to be from. Okay. That's in the, and it's actually, I mean, it's such a fresh, fresh experience listening to you. You're just great on the radio there. Exactly. You're going to run me out of a town on a rail in two seconds up there. Those frauds. Those have to be. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Parley who have a great life. We have an open line at Broward one in dates. That should be a lesson. All the people down here is going to be a lesson. Oh, they learn anything down here. No. That fight nover language. Okay. Just doesn't get a language in the, Canada last time I checked with English as in the Queen's English language in this country's English. If you learn to speak out the language, it's least a little too. That's great. But speaking was okay. I've used your language as a weapon like the frogs in Quebec. Sperson change, Mr. No. No chance. We don't even have a spare loony for all you cheap frogs up there. Okay. Then they come down here and they poison the environment down here. All went along. Even though the loony's in the crepere, there'll be plenty of frogs down here with those cobeck plates on. Those cheap bastards leaving. Not exist in tips. Terrorizing we got them helping every restaurant, every establishment this town. And that's the idea of tourism down here. Oh yeah. We got the frogs to fall back on. Okay. We got the loony tunis baby. Here's Miami. Hello. Any other? Yes sir. You know how you mentioned sometimes that football is a gay club. Yeah. I was watching a little college football weekend and that's a gay club you moron. Yeah. Right. And you know that the award for like the best linebacker. It was such a packer or linebacker. It's name. That's like a very very you know, tough sounding football player. But if you say it really slow. Yeah. It's dick. But kiss. Uh huh. That sounds gay. Yeah. It does. I'd like to give it a slump you moron. Never notice that all the beers. Well those people in Chicago they have five, five memories of dick. Okay. We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, sixty and five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line on a real smoking Wednesday baby. It's good. It's been okay. It's had its moments. We've had our laws like maybe two or three hours. It's uh we're trying to keep them awake and learning live. That was great here. And from somebody who was escaped from Montreal. Nice going pal. Congratulations. See you. Just don't make a mistake. You're going back to those frogs. I'll terrorize you. Don't kill you. That was drier. And if they don't do it with their laws, they'll do it with their aroma. Here's poppin. Hello. Poppin. Going once. Going twice. Long pause. We know they're there. Can they do it? Can they muster the enthusiasm? Can they do it? In poppin. No chance. Okay. Probably wally. Hinocy. We have an open line in day one in grower. Five, six, seven, five, fifty, five, sixty on the AT&T. And that's going to be our poll question by the way tomorrow. Do the French Canadian smell as bad as the French in France. Do they really? Do they? No one said. Do they bathe as infrequently as the Frenchman in France? I should have asked this last guy. Do they shower more than once a month? No. Here's a mobile in poppin, oh, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Oh, man. Burning jelly. I'm not from Miami, but I'm going to pop it up on here now. How are you? Great. All right. I'm going to clean a couple of horses tonight. And speed pan in the third race. Yeah. You've got to good right there. Speed pan Kevin Wallace, right? Yeah. Right down the road. You know, I'm from panel cleaning the night. Yeah. Yeah. As well as another one. And uh, no, no, no. Is that horse out of the, uh, Gordon Norris barn? Do they train in that horse still? Right. Oh, you're going to claim a horse off of them? Yeah. They'd like to tell. Yeah. I would do it over there. You should thank God. I like that. All right. Okay. We have two open lines in day one and Broward 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, we got a lady mobile and Hollywood. This is a shot. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I was listening before when you were talking about the, Remember the guy that called about the animal shots. The vaccination. Right. In Broward County, it's optional to purchase the tags. It's an additional $10. Well, what do you mean it's optional? It's optional. Another work. You must get your dogs and Acculated for babies. But it's optional that you actually purchased the physical tags. Well, what difference does that make the fact is that this guy didn't do it? I understand that. People are complaining. It's complaining that the, and not kind of door doggy police are going to be knocking on his door. And the meantime, he was too cheap to cough up the 10 bucks to get them there. A dog tags. But you can have, you can get your animals and Acculated without having to get them. He didn't even get himself an Acculated for get about his dog. Accord, John. Okay. Have a great thing. Bye. Yeah, that guy was so full of crap. He's told me one story and then another story and by the beat, but it was all over the place. I think I'm serious. We had a trace that column go there and take that dog out of there and save its life. Okay. We're getting down to the bitter end now. Two open lines a day to in Broward. Oh, I tell you, you have to just keep beaten on these people and beaten on him and he can in Twistman and chew and pull him and man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Where can I go these December Christmas? Of course, that's the only promise Christmas everywhere. Oh, seriously, if I'd like Thanksgiving weekend, they don't celebrate Thanksgiving the same time in Canada. So you go to Toronto and that weekend if you like. And Vegas, they don't, you know, we had no turkey on Thanksgiving. You mentioned that. Yeah. Well, let me say it again. We had no turkey on Thanksgiving because the room service menu with there. It's not like they had some kind of a special Thanksgiving turkey. Because every day in Vegas, they treat like the same day. They don't want to treat it like something special. Like it's, you know, because they don't want you to wasting time with all that ballooning. They want you to eat your meal fast, get back down there in a casino and lose your money and punch your brains out real good. So would you have? What did I have instead of turkey steak? How did I afford? How did I afford? I was delicious. The tokens would have eaten top they had. And that's right. The tokens were eating a lot of meat. We have two open lines and they'd one in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the, the my in the wrong line. I'm positive I am. Here's a mobile in my in the. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I was watching the game last night. I think I figured out a way for need a minor to play a little better. Yeah. I think they could remove the commentator. Look from that. Uh huh. Adam and Terele take care. Okay. Thank you. This is this man trying to say that Jeff Remer, I want to what Remer thought about that third period last night. I think it's a big stock. Two open lines a day one at Broward. 560, 560. I mean, you people I want to make your case for Robbie. Need a higher goal ahead. I watched it. In fact, if you watch when the time goal was scored there at the end of the game in the last 610 to the second, he was standing there next to no range of player just aimlessly skating between the blue line and the goal just kind of like a lost puppy out there. Maybe he can go with his guy that don't have the dog tags that didn't get the inoculation for his dog. Maybe he can go live with that guy. Because he looks like a lost puppy dog out there two thirds of the time. Oh yeah, look at the point. He's got a few goals. He's got to I got news for her. I keep my eye on him during the game's special just to see if he's improving if he's doing anything for us and he answer almost always is. No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, I don't. Yes, sir. Great to have you back. From what? Mean from Vegas? Yeah. I just got back from myself. So I really, you know, I've heard you know, Austin's a superior. Listen, I have two things. Yeah. Well, first I was reading this autobiography and I think you're probably going to get a kick out of it from great. It's a new book. Great slick. Yeah. And she's actually, I think you'll get a lot out of it because she has pretty much your same views on a lot of issues. And she reminded me actually a view. Yeah, but the best part is I was able to get to that point of mind without doing any magic mushrooms. Yeah. I'm just drugs and a lot of crap, you know. Well, I think you'll find it quite a funny picture to do the book. And the other thing is I don't know if you got to actually a chance to see a chance to see what's our friend years. The one that does all our porn stuff. Now, we'll think. Yeah, he was on, I think I think it was a salary show recently. Yeah. Like last week, I mean, it was pretty funny. I had no idea. He was that huge. He's huge. I mean, wow. And he said something that really stuck in my mind. He was the one who he had. He's a monster in the epono business. Was he ever in the movies himself? Uh-huh. No. Yes. Oh boy. Well, because I worked as a garnetke and never tested you if you want to go on a diet man, this. I think it was like that one you was going to do. I'm worse even worse, if it, if it. If he spent hours to video with him and rod germey there is what equipo OK. Naked it with the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. Oh, man. That's Roger. I forgot about that right. Exactly. OK, and I have a great day too. The H Olaf. Is just a, why can't upless storm? storm. We have an open line at Broward. Dave County is where we have the chicken and a wood pile that they just kick in into the ass. It doesn't seem to work. Maybe they're like looking at their ones yesterday. They're over yesterday. All the Hispanic and Madacn, Madacn, Camelista, maybe just didn't work. Maybe they're getting their group together again trying to figure out how they can do it next time. Or maybe they're just fixing up some more signatures on petitions because they're swars. 560-50560 on the AT&T wireless line, 125 at QAML. The sports radio 560 QAML. The story hole you've been to traditional horouses and you've tried the local Escort Service. But the big problem with these is you're a real busy guy and your life moves real fast. You don't have all that time to take for your horn to get on dress. Get ready. Do the job and then get paid. You just want to get in, get out, getting in and out, and then go. Well then you're going to love this. If the all new hump and go, the prostitution station you've been dreaming of. Once you drive up to a hump and go, you'll see an escalator at the front door. Hop on. At the top of the escalator, you'll see one of our many foreign prostitutes already to go. Once again, hop on. Pump and go also has pay at the hump Service too. On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card. Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go. It's the all new hump and go. The fastest f***ing thing in town. 130 at 560 W2 and by the way Tom Jick is got a column and day after your Terry Jackson headed in the hero. But nevertheless got a column about the fall sweep on TV, the local milson ratings. Guess which show is number one at four o'clock George? No speaking in glass. What is it? Christina. Christina. Correct. Christina on channel 23 holds her lead on all colors, including the once-unbeatable Oprah. Now judge Judy also beats out Oprah thank God and it's set of and so on, which is part of the reason why channel 5PM I witnessed news is flipped badly. Rosie O'Donnell on WTVJ's a non-factor, with less than half the rating. Either Oprah or Judge Judy. So evidently, they're not getting ratings by the pound that must be it. But Christina is number one at four o'clock of all stations that is on channel 23 no speaking in glass. Wow. We're sure learning a lot from Quebec. Oh, where are we going? Let's go to Del Ray Beach. Del Ray Beach. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to be someone I've listened to you a lot and a long time listener. My wife called in earlier today. She was just trying to ask you a kind of question about the self-reporting what they were and calling back and saying how come you had a call that name at the end? Why couldn't you just, I mean, also trying to do is just it was a joke. Okay. Because your wife got a sense of humor? No, I'm not talking about it. I'm talking about it. You know what? You know, now I mean she's feeling like I gave her the phone and I had someone call her a name and I said listen. She doesn't go to the name. Oh, her name? Yeah. What should I do? We go with the advertised which her company and everything. She wants to be on your so why don't you both talk to me about this? I gave her the name of the call from your police back. I gave her the name of the self-guying your by-lust. I wouldn't take your spots if you paid me direct. Okay. Good loss. How do you like that? That's a one-two companion attack here. You'd call him an angel. Yeah, asshole. That's right. He's an asshole. Oh, now he's going to be all upset. At least not she's going to feel better because she was only a what are our hookers. He's an asshole. That's right. He's an asshole. Get out of here. Go bug somebody else. Go. I'll put your spots on some other show. Okay. Anybody that's uptight is the tool you are. Wouldn't do your business anyway. All I have to do is make one, you know, come in the middle of the spot. Oh, why did you say that? Because I felt like it asshole will get out of here. Like we're really hurting for our. We hurting for business and it's like, oh, yeah, we're dying for it. We got more spots and you can shake your wand at. Open line in day one and Broward 5670550 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. What a clown. Here's top of no beach. Hello. Why did you call my life that name? Yeah. That was funny. Yeah. Did you hear how coaggan putting his name in that? Okay. That's the asshole again. All of this time he's moved from point and beach to a pop in Osomir two overlives in Broward 1 in date 5675. How we told you pal, go back to New York. Okay. They miss you there badly. Don't they miss them? No. Well, maybe they will if they just realize he's gone. Just because they have so many people up there. They haven't discovered he's gone yet. Go back to New York. They're okay. You're everything that's wrong with New York and most of what's wrong with this time. Here's Stewart. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing fine. I don't get to listen to you too much up here. But you know what? I know how much you dislike Wayne High think of. Yeah. And I don't know if you heard last year he's got his compound up in Palm City. Yeah. He took the whole road that leads to a separate city called Port Lissie. He moved it out of his way. He's an asshole. He's a total asshole. He's an asshole. He can move and nobody questioned it. They thought the county was doing it. While anyway, you don't mess with Wayne. He just goes in there and bullies his way through and he's an asshole. And nobody noticed it until they had to connect the road to pay for road to it. And then he said, what the hell is this road? Not supposed to be here. He's an asshole. Yeah. He is. Oh, and you know what, when you when you were in in Tampa and you said they're all much idiots and don't know they're asked from their elbow. Yeah. Well, have you been to Fort Myers? They're worse. No, I drive real fast when I go through there. Oh, we do have four people listening over there. So let's see nice to him. Have a great day, Pal. Good luck to you. And don't drive real fast like I said. Was he saying about Wayne? He's an asshole. We have an open line of day two and Broward 567560, Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Well, I sure feel bad about calling at the guys' wife for name. Don't I? No. And I'm gonna call him an asshole. No. I feel bad about that. Here's Miami. Hello. Now I understand why the sales department doesn't meet here in their calls by the way. Yes sir. Yeah. I, you know, I think you'd be a good example of a half-end piece football stadium. You talked about the Miami Orange Bowl every time I go to a hurricane football game. I see. Oh, you go to hurricane football games? Yeah. Okay. Well, let explains it. Okay. Two open lines a day two and Broward 567560, Palm 5, well, he sounded like he was a few brick short. He goes to you of M-football games. I mean, anybody with an IQ larger than their little toe knows that. All right. Okay. In blow. 567560 and Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I think we'll be doing music after the next break. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Miami? I hear you. Mr. Rogers, how you doing? Great. Somebody called me to give you a call because you want to learn Dutch. Is that correct? I don't want to learn it. I mean, I've been an Amsterdam about a hundred times and it's just a very difficult language. Well, you, you need to know something. Oxford, Miami, Dutchman. As you want. I'd like you want to know some more. In other words, you're going to teach me Dutch on the air. I know Doncavela. I know, I've stood least in and that's it. Those are my two words. That's how you need, right? That's all I need. They're because they all stick English and they all love to communicate very well. What do I say? Usually in a hotel. Which one? Which one? Why are you writing a book? No, no. How do you say in all the hotels? There are stay in the barbers on Palace. The Christopheewski I've stood in the Swiss hotel. I've stood in a dozen hotels. They all come into play. You like to dress the Palski? Yeah, it's a, they got one convenient. But, yeah. But what? It's not a great hotel. It's not. They got a new wing there. It's the most modern hotel in Amsterdam. That's not the so much the largest Doncavela. But if you want to be in a good place, how go to the Akura? That's the best thing. They have an executive wing that is brand new. I know behind the pay-acor of correct. You have the one behind the pay-acor of the barber. Right. Yeah, I know. I know. I know when it was started, they were start building it and kind of always have you been in this? Of course I've been in it. I know the dress not post-gallon. It's going for almost 35 years. Like I said, it's a dump. But it's right on the damn. That's no, it's very convenient. But you like Amsterdam? No, I don't like Amsterdam. I love Amsterdam. That's correct. What's not to like? Correct. Well, I'm moving there. Back to a couple of, maybe in February. By the way, Neil, did you see a TV game on Sunday about the Cold War and Cuba between Cuba and the US? Yes. I'm CNN. What do you think about it? What do I think about what? That was 38 years ago. What do I think about what? I don't think about it. No, because I think about my next trip to Amsterdam. I don't think about how to transfer into Kennedy and Kennedy's dead and cast her out of it. I'll listen, I'll stick to it. I'll see you on the Ademarite. I'll be on the same Machiner flight back to Amsterdam. On the same flight as what? As you. Okay. The same flight is me? Yes, as you. Meaning what? On your next flight to Amsterdam on Machiner? Yeah. I'll be there and I'll sit one row before you and business class. How do you know that? I'll tell you what. I'll come and see you. Great. I can't wait. We'll have a good flight. Okay. Whatever he says. Okay. We have two open lines in day two and a broad. Five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line twenty one till two at two a.m. All right. This is G Gordon-Lity and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. Walking the sick this morning. I'll get that to the one that I won't be alone anymore. I guess what I did wasn't real done. So if you forget the condom, okay. Okay. I should have known. If you've chewed then it's true and my cycle's ending and for nine months wait I will be gaining soon will be on my knees because my period is late. I don't know how this could be. You are indeed in front of me. Next time my shoes get your name. Not very to be a mother. She'll keep my legs together. I don't know what music you've been. I think you're right. I'm going to be sitting on the same flight once you're away. Okay. One forty five five sixty WCWM. We have an open line and brown two and day. Everybody's at the enter five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay. I just called it if you got my phone. I sent to this of Tim's and the one. Oh yeah. I haven't changed the wasn't we yet Tim. Oh okay. I was just checking if you had a chance to get to it yet. I got it. All right. Well I'm sure you'd appreciate it. Okay. Okay buddy. I'll listen to it tomorrow. All right. If you can give me some maritime I'd appreciate it. Okay Tim. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. Open line of brown two a day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Raiden the casino the accrueship baby confiscating slot machines and black jack tables. Having big media stage events for the TV cameras. Everybody else in the media Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny baby never met a slot machine they weren't terrified of. No. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'll be holiday and same to you. Two points. All the guy there with his wife. Yeah. Oh God. Listen to him and he would they wonder why ourselves department will return their phone calls or something that they actually really are making any. Terrible would call you on the air to ask you that. Of course. We all know what you was trying to sell. So hey buddy since some picks I'll buy him. So maybe I was right maybe she is a hooker. Maybe this guy is her pink. It's a lot of picks Neil. About five hundred. He's an asshole. Yeah. You had an old Latin lady colystation and I was on the road delivering the mail. You delivered her about sixty oh k's in all different languages in ways. Right. That drove me off the road. You never used okay anymore. I'd like to use it tomorrow often. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's not what it's called. Sir it's called 50 ways to eat a lobster. You better get a writer. We're going to be in big trouble over here. Two open lines had growled one in Dave County. Speak now or hold it forever. We got Hank from Schulestake 2 coming up into a clock. We got Josh in a flash and whoever the hell it is. It's been making. There's got a bunch of five year old kids at six o'clock to kill half hour and they work real cheap. Then at six thirty we got the pregame with Geldy and we got the panthers and the savers tonight seven o'clock. All right. That should be really something. Here's Dave the cop who's a real chronic pain in the ass. Hey how you doing Neil. Okay. Oh I'm on vacation. I'm headed up to Maine in a couple days. Well if I were on vacation I wouldn't be sitting around calling a talk show. You know I'm saying what I'll do with respect Dave. Well do you have any respect? No. Hey well there you go. Hey what I'm glad that ordinance passed yesterday but we're really frost my ass where these churches bringing down loads of people in the congregation weren't even American citizens trying to cope somebody else's right. I call them and I call them and yeah that's that's a very good point. We have a lot of other people from banana boat countries who have no concept of what freedom is all about the Constitution or anything it has to do with the liberty and these people are coming here trying to discriminate against others. You're excellent. Well they need to worry about the marches that the Venezuelan voters are going to freely elect in a couple days and then stopping French and all right and a real quick story. I stopped the guy yesterday a couple days ago and it wasn't for a ticker anything. It was just a problem. Yeah with the car and knew them to correct it. You had one of them fish on the back of it. Yeah It's like I closer to this one take a filter in the middle. I love it. And he gave me the order form because he just purchased it and he had a spare order form. So I'm going to get a few and pass him around. And in light of yesterday's ordinance passing, they're going to free where God. Okay. All right. Here they've had a good time and name and don't call us when you're coming call us when you come back. Open line of Broward to a day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. It's eleven before two at QAN. Who did South Florida a major blowjob? All right. The problem is all inside of it. She said to me, let me answer it. Easy. If you practice or release, you must enhance your full play. The economy will leave and must be fifty ways to reach another fifty ways to reach another. I've flat on the back Jackie go down to a plan. Say it. Use the vibrating toll and roll and just listen to me. Pick it out the bed, shit. So get your mouth out of the suit where more capital tea. I said I treat that act with the impulse this day. To go south with the mouth. I'm sorry. I'm afraid for the few insist. Then would you please explain about the fifty ways to reach another. All right. It's the way to reach another. Okay. Just keep all the trails. She's a buckler up on a beast. He speaks to that bag. Now listen to me. Now I want to move. Just give it enough touch. You won't cap of a tea. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an ointment.