He does in like cocaine just likes the way it smells Snort nays balls, arrows rolling up the twanies Snort nays balls and he's given good and whanies They lick the twanies dollar bills Their teeth are grindin' like a pepper mill Doing a balls Alcohol and pills He's in stock Steve Howard's in the bullpen His nostrils are white open He's so f***ing up beatings he's on the braves He gets advice from Doc And don't prescribe some rock So first he blew a line in Danny Blu-da-save Swort nays balls, they abuse the magic powder Swort nays balls, ring collet I'm at Clam Chowder, prescription's got perpetual refill They do it in the bull if they agales Doing a ball Alcohol and pills All that money Eight balls Alcohol and pills I like a welcome you all aboard Is your manager? Fuck Twenty seven before a high-waist award Before 160 WC and end is lost their mind over there They're absolutely out of their mind They're showing our live version TV And then they got to go on their boat They're going to go on their boat Paruski, Paruski, Paruski, Paruski And like maybe 40 seconds later They got an interpreter coming on that you can't understand the word that he's saying And they show all these people there is having his 40 celebration of the centennial of something of John London or Vladimir London or whatever And seeing Andrew Shodness crap Are you people out of your minds or what? Uh-huh God are you people crazy? Here's a highly hello Yes sir I was watching you show last night And they cut through a commercial right and then they showed Do you remember when Laura Meager came to you? I know they showed the same crap again and then they showed And then they showed you in the night like they put your foot right quick And then they were like, get that a lot of here You know when you were telling? Yeah Yeah, well I just wanted to tell you that Good luck to you and to George I'm going to school I'm Monday and I'm all missed you guys All right good luck pal I'll read it out here Okay y'all, I'll pass you all back to school I'm gonna leave where wish you guys the best luck and like I said Get a Sony Walkman keep listening to this show It's your only place to hear the guy damn truth We have two overlines and date one in Broward Fine, I'm not giving no more Marlon tickets away There's too much of an exercise today There's some people in town There's five or ten people in this town This is too difficult This is much much too difficult That's a strain in squeeze and plea Then big and cajol And this guy that went out about the governor's whale That was unbelievable Don't I want to go to the Andes? For what? I need one Go see Andy Griffin much less to go to the Andes mountains Come on, they have lomas They have good good I'll go see the Dolly Lama Okay, get out of here You crazy bastard You all want to go to the Andes mountains Don't you understand Cut it off at Mexico And let the rest of it just sink off into the South Pole somewhere Because Latin America to me I'm very bitterly disappointing Who in a right mind would want to visit there And we live some of you from those countries And just be glad you got out Okay? I mean, at least we got a lot of good script shopping centers anyway Date counties wide open That's that's where all those people are friend By the way, in date county All those illegal aliens 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line Isn't that where the illegal aliens go to date county? That's the American way Right Here's a mobile in Boker, hello Hello Yes sir I can't believe I actually got you I haven't been in a country for more than a year and a half So at times I heard you You were leaving that other station Good to hear you on this station And where the he or actress is the same The reason I called to tell you about the most fantastic city in the world Yeah, Barcelona It's been almost a year there And about a couple of months in Prague Of course, lots of stops And you know where Amsterdam There you go Well, he said it was kind of like Only he said Madrid instead of Tampa That's what he said Right, that's what he said Okay, thank you You first Maybe that's why he had such a good time there We have two open lines in date one in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 How 5, 60 on the mobile one line There's a guy in love with Barcelona Huh? I don't think so I'll... I'm in total of different things No matter what you listen to me If you want to check out a place If you like good traveling a world You gotta go there yourself Because other you talk to 50 people And 25 of them tell you one story And 20 of them tell you another story And the other five are so stored out of their mind You don't even know what story they're telling And they don't either You gotta go yourself You gotta try to do things Like I would have spaghetti sauce You gotta try new things 23, 2, 1, 5, 60 W, Q, M, or we got our brief taste To the Hankgoberg show today From 2 to 3 We got 50 billion hours of pregame activity From 3 to 7 before the dolphins And the packers at 7 o'clock tonight If you'll go 5, 60 K, K, M, or you fudge pack them Huh? Can't you hear me? Can't you hear me? Can't you hear me? Can't you hear me? Can't you hear me? Can't you hear me? But now the sea bee Just don't stand in my way But now the sea bee Even I'm without you go If I'm with you When you come back Haven't been the vậy years You haven't been the … You say… Just don't cross I'm working on cash But don't run These are words Let's have the noise this won't let Feel like that's the way I think I've lost some of my co-in And I'm waiting to go back to the end Cause I have tried You're moody hand You have to breathe Oh Lord I got the wrong Get the joy of the day But it's too late This version bastard man Just when the marker was making the nice comeback That was down only 26 points And now they show a taped interview with Yeltsin on there On Russian TV First thing out of his mouth was I mean this guy looks pie eyed right now He's had at least two points of vodka before he started speaking And then the most important thing he said is I will not resign yet yet yet And then he said Cocka won't And that was it another market down 49 and drop it like a rock again We were just starting to make a nice little comeback Everybody's assuming he's got a step down And somebody who maybe has some of their mental facilities still working Might step in there And he will not resign yet yet yet yet Yeah, that's right and so on And another one of the That's it I'm telling you man They've got them Truman everybody's talking about what a genius he was It was that frickin Truman A sentence has backed him in the zoo he sent a box back there Send best Truman and what what that was his wife That was best horses daughter Mark Ritz Send him all back there They got some of shpaja And a goddamn big curtain Should have gone in there Put that American flag right there Should have gone over to Minsk and put the flag over there One inside Beria And then we just should have built a bridge between the Illusion Islands And the Siberia there the American American Bridge Whatever the hell And then move it up The American Bridge Well we should have sent the car They're back over there to a Japan That's right Got them out of the Philippines and sent it to Japan And sent a little dog McArthur in there by a town I'm what for Stuck the American flag right in middle of that guy Them hero he was post right in his Bracom There you go And we wouldn't be in his pickle today Haven't worried about all these other guy damn banana boat countries That's what it's all about That's why everybody's having an nervous breakdown You can hear guts out because we got a warba All these see if they didn't have the bomb They don't be a different story That would just go over there and say hey, yeltsin you're going to resign And he says, yeah, okay, here you go Here's one for you Boris I'm talking about here's a lady mobile and Hollywood hello Oh, Neil, how you doing? Okay You know, um, that lady called in or somebody said you just said that You got to really go to the place At the people talking back You got to find out for yourself because other people have different taste Some people are very bad taste I got to tell you, everyone I talked to I just got back from the answer Cisco Yeah, everyone I talked to said you'll get a love it You're not gonna want to come back And you know what to all right From where San Francisco Hello I'm listening from San Francisco Yeah, well, that I did the monories thing And I went down the big third too Yeah, I mean, there are in so many years I wouldn't even recognize it I have no idea what it's like now Oh, well, I almost couldn't make it back I was just a road heading back north to big third It gets to the airport was demolished again Yeah Every few months there But get what I did when I was out there And this was not pre-planed it was just kind of a coincidence Yeah The monories were playing the giant So I went to the game The ball and the giant you went to that awful candlestick's Recon Park whatever it called it these days The three com Oh, God Well, that's the one Friday night two weeks ago We lost 10 to 0 So I would feel like a real fool Well, well, if you go on to San Francisco If you go anywhere, why would you go to see the Marlon game? Because I thought it was a novel thing There would be like my going to Rome and go to the race track What's that last? Probably Probably it's still one at five sixty WQM now if you do want to win a Perumarlon tickets And she ain't gonna get it by the way Make sure she don't get him Joe Big collar number nine right now on a contest line of winning Perumarlon tickets for the Dodger Big Mac Zoma, whatever we're calling it there I wish I had that promo for me yesterday, but I don't Because Santa course don't want to be overwork In the club level on a left field there You get out there by having chance to catch the big one at Marquets And maybe you just catch cold who knows what you're gonna catch You'll catch something Ninth caller to our contest line of 1-800-227-0560 2-275-60 I make sure she don't get him or anybody it sounds like her Bring by the two related That is some nerve isn't it? Unbelievable I mean if you're listening to the show and I'm making it very very clear how we're doing Well I'll take the tickets Yes, stick them in your record Okay sweetheart Not the only one And the center backs of San Francisco That's not the point The point is I'm making it as clear as possible If you have an IQ smaller than your little toe you can still understand Every time you do that all these lines light up people think and they're calling To the tickets What do you mean? They call here Even though you give them the money They do know they know they're all full People are right right now think they're called No, wait a minute No, this one Do they're already for you call for the tickets? Hello Tomano Yeah, I think you're right They were calling for the tickets Okay, here's my any, were you calling for the tickets? No, not Thank God I mean only really stupid people could be doing that There you go Hey, I have a friend who gave me more keys I don't know, should I kill him or you know Save, you know, continue being friends with him Don't get too close, don't get too attached Back to George, I'll give you my mother's phone number We have an open line and stayed one in Broward Five, six, seven, anybody out there got a dog? They're not too fond of Here's my, here's a millies phone number Okay, she'll take care of it She'll take care of her dog Yeah, media sushi, I know it's me, do they become her dog And you won't see it no more Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty Five, sixty on a mobile one line Here's Miami, hello Well, you're certain Hey, Neil, I caught you together Hey, man, when they got with the little gun Just and you had going to a little Yes, yeah Really cool man, being a bunch of friends around here We'll get out, watching you was really good So what are you going to do with me? Got you on TV, got you up our hands, give a little word You all be obsessed with things like this man About, you know, our shit everybody's bald We'll go to the little bit Everybody in prison I think I think that you're living example of why we're probably doing it Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty Pond five, sixty on a mobile one line Question everybody's bald, but yeah That's right, I'm going to become the next normal kid And spend all my time crusading for legalization of marijuana in this country Which you might as well hold your breath bounce, isn't it going to happen? Inhale, just lightly and hold your breath I'm going to become great crusader, baby For legalism, I'm going to waste my time with that normal crap I'm already decontant, I'm going to walk around with a blue piece to my ass All these postcards from Amsterdam You want to go to a free place, go to Holland, okay? Where people know how to live in the letter everybody else live And where everybody's got a brain And where they teach kids about sex And where they go life when they're really young so they don't become psychotic And first rated an axe murderers and two of each other in school and teachers And parents that everybody else And not everybody's running around with a gun Because they're terrified that some scumbags are going to come in and blow them out of their bed Or whatever it is Go to a civilized place, because this is your rate it Two open lines, yeah We got a president that everybody was psychotic Because he admitted that he may have tried it a couple of times a hundred years ago He didn't inhale, oh my god, we got a pot smoking president Wow, woo! Heavy, duty, baby I think maybe it's in fact if Yoltson was doing a hell of a lot less of that vodka Smoking a little weed, maybe he'd be looking a little bit better look at that That's like Don Eimer's man, it's a dead man in the chair That's what that is, a dead man in the chair right there I will not resign, yes Dorspedania and yet Let's go to Kendall, hello Is that me? That's you I'm the guy from the Citadel called you, very infrequently From the Citadel Yeah, you want to call when you're that thing about the Citadel A lot of new girls in and all I call it Oh yeah, that's nice Those bull dikes, yeah Well I'm a big fan of Mexican music And I was wondering if you had a Herb and Nugah, I was in Nugah, Alejandro from Andes No, I have not I have a new star, no, nice to commute You can't, I think I'd like to see her That's a very grown up voice Not like the least of the young I think Luis Miguel and these other smarts I like the candy The teeny popper type Luis Miguel is a teeny popper type Well, the boy didn't really say that, did you really say that? The boy says to me, it's a Luis Miguel has a teeny popper voice Luis Miguel's got the greatest voice in the world Well, I think you might like Alejandro But Yeah Very big pop Why is that? Why is that? Well because he has more More old fashioned voice Like more in the nature of very comor Oh, very comor Right He's got more of a dead man Thank you sir Okay Not here, you're killing me Kill him Did this guy honest to God really say that Luis Miguel's got a teeny pop voice You know something I am personally offended by that Don't be playing that garbage you, you're okay That's great Trying to relive your trial again Here's a guy he's turning 82 to Marys got great here More than I'll ever have if I lived to be 100 Is there anything good by the way on this CD? This is one that I don't know Too much about this particular one I'm going to go to the end of the video I'm going to go to the end of the video What do you think? How do you say? You're the best You're the best You're the best How do you say you're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best Come on, Luis, let's get with the bar I told you for a little bit Come on, let's get it This guy's telling me that he's got a teeny pop voice Like this man, trace that last call Okay, tell him, Shannon, I thought, no? Yeah, tell her that We have two open lines in date 560 and 560 And pound 560 on a mobile one line It's 1254 on QA and boy You better strap yourself in because if you're football and tense Maybe you're going to be moist by about 530 You'll be Jones and Ford and the game too Because we got four play and after play and after birth We got hours and hours and hours of analization And it's only a guy they're an exhibition game Does that give you any idea of how much money we're losing No, it was Marlon's game That's right, we're desperate Mobile 1, Celiad We're Joe Angel David Ryan, a John Chombie's brother Marlon's on deck started 630 A service of Sports Radio 560 QA hand The Neil Roger show Need Fort Latterdale It's the line of the two hours K-Tell, present Over 720g of the greatest songs alone This special leave of the Lady in your life by Jerry Lewis Lazy When I lift you and crazy So many love songs for your Lady All in Liberty by the love master himself And the nippetable Superstar in their Tater Jerry Lewis And don't hit your favorite Lady love song Lazy Lazy Lazy Lazy Lazy Lazy Cross by the red dead It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs The Oral Lady all digitally remastered It all performed by the masterful Superstar Jerry Lewis Jerry Lewis Jerry is inviting you to join me I'm K-Tell record And we pay a very special musical tribute to the Lady You'll get this narrow Smith classic I And Google's like a lady And he's new looks like a lady Jerry With a parent We will And Ellen, where do you sit never sounded better That ain't no way to feed a lady No way to feed your Lady No longer to feed And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of the Superhip From the King of Pompon You are the lady with my wife And the lady with my wife You are the lady Jerry Lewis Jerry Lewis How about that man How about that man That's 748 fabulous Lady song On 35 CDs or 128 track tapes All remasting warriors model From the original cassette masters And it's a collection you'll search Your friends will own And your Lady will never forget It's all yours for 70 CDs Famous of only 32.95 And it's only from pay to record The lady with the You can tell us a tell I'm so in sense And I'm so in sense And I'll raise by the idiot of common That guy was brought from what the Citadel How do you say Oh Oh Oh Oh That's 8.1 And you're the 10.10 As we will see the Citadel And the world like that one Okay, that is the voice That's the voice of humanity That's the voice of life Right there inside that crow Inside that learning There are just torn the kishki Right out of my stomach Okay out of my big fat over Bloded pupa Cannot believe that We have an open life Day 567 Luis Miguel is God 567 560 And Pond 560 on the AT&T line You know I could listen in George Making a fun of the Enrique He don't like in Rikai Cause either looks too good Or whatever he jealous Of whatever story is I can listen to all end of Backs Meat Boys But when somebody starts ripping The Great Luis Miguel Then I start taking great Umbridge toward that okay Then I start getting really fired up and pissed off You maniac you Here's a mobile and cross-bring Hello Hey Neil Yes sir You've got fire, kishki, cutcher No, huh? Okay Good one Open line and day one in the Brower 567 560 Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's a lady in Miami Hello Hello Yes man Yes Neil Yes I before I start I would like to make sure that you're going to hang up on me There's no way to get here We work at the place that is called Oni South Faith in the Corps Good one The guys that work here They love yourself Uh huh And then we're telling me that you were talking about Venezuela Yeah, and I often A nice happen to be from over there Venezuela blows At least Karakas does I can't speak for the rest of it Cause I would never go there But I would say it's a banana republic But they would be an insult to bananas That's bad huh? You were bad Karakas You went to the market Very terribly What did you think? Well I have been very grateful I moved from Venezuela in 1979 I think I'd be grateful Because of the exactly because of the situation But still has his charm It has the exotic part of that also America has had Yeah And the other thing is You've got to be on the adventure mode And really kind of like to roughen it up Oh yeah right It's not the experience you don't want to The word paramilitary keeps coming to my head over and over again Dangerous, crowded, psychotic, backwater All these guys standing around in the Sheraton Karakas so tell where they're Striped, Seize your Romero suit time Looking like something out of a Carmen Miranda Moving from 100 years ago It was incredible But isn't that fun too? No it's not my fina When I got a vacation I want to go places where there's living and breathing People I feel like I might be safe If I want to go somewhere I'm dangerous I'll just stay home Oh yeah Yeah Right here in Florida baby But you know what? You should go to Canima There is a way Where? Canima Canima Can a big one No it's Canima It's a place where it looks like a Look from Epa Canima Well, you found close I saw close I need where they have the tolerance Waterfalls Waterfalls They're tall Do they have a Yarmacus? They have a Yarmacus in a tall Some half way there And some green And some pieces Oh no no no But you said no no They're really worth the dollar Piano American by the way You say have stitches they probably have T-2 And E-3 was in Joe And they're waterfalls for In Joe's fall Uh-huh I need to tell us what you want to go I wish they were Rocked in waterfalls I...I-I. Tony, what do you think of Luis Miguel? Let's talk something important Yeah, I do Yes, I really do I don't think How could you not love Luis Miguel? I don't think you see any of you call me from an exotic country Mexico Yeah Yeah That's an exotic country That's an exotic country Yeah, that's even why We just told before by how the cab driver was kidnapped by all the tourists And take them on the middle of their There is no where And they rob them wide And then maybe kill them at their right mood That's pretty exotic You're right about that All right, well, Neil. We are very, you know, we got here a very fun of you. You know, if you're happy to, uh, want to change your to come to Miami, yeah. And if you haven't really all caught away, okay? So I'll buy our store because, yeah, you know, I will be delighted to see you. What's the name of the store? The name of the store is sunny, south, pain's on the court. I'll be right over. Okay. Thanks a lot, okay. Bye. Okay. Bye. Okay. I'll just to keep you all faded. Oh, I love this. I don't like it. I love it. Oh, I'm just my balls are ready to explode just from here in that crap that this guy was spewing. Of course, what do you want? He went to the shitted el. We haven't, that's how Brian Rire would say it. The, uh, open line and date one in Bridewood. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on a prestigious AT&T wireless line. It's eight minutes after one on your dolphin intensive station. Don't forget now stay right here on five sixty because Greg Reid wants to make sure you don't go anywhere else. Because it often gave no TV of course it's black dot. You out of your mind. There's only one place to hear it. Unless you want to hear it. Some foreign language from some barbaric country. And that of course is right here on five sixty Q a m because next we want those numbers. We want this spot. We want the numbers for desperately cling into this because we've heard that morning show. You know, when you're looking to make your. Hey, everybody. People. Today show is brought to you by Larry's latex and leather home of the vibrating melon. Oh, and now. Back to our show. Hi, I'm your 15 year old host Jenny and this is Titanic top. We're me and my friend Kimberly talking the radio about our favorite movie. Titanic and Leo. I love you Leo. Yeah, we talk about the most beautiful thing in Titanic. Leonardo's a Caprio. I love you Leo. I know. I love Leo too. Well today's topic is the Titanic. I saw it Saturday for the fourth time and I cried. I've seen it 17 times. I cried every time. I wanted Leo to live this time. I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh, my god. Look at the clock. Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes. Let's hurry. Hold on, Leo. We're coming. Okay. Thanks for listening. Two and a next time on Titanic top. But our topic will be Leo. Rod Leo. That damn bag. I can't stand it. Okay. 14 at 5. 60 W QA. I'm going to open line in day one and burn. If we got two up here to give away for two day night at the left or what? Or one? Two, I believe going. Joe. Joe Mama. Two pair left. Okay. Two. Love me spot. So anyway, we had I didn't say I was giving away one right now, but I might. You know, people are shameless. You know, I'll lower the light and by the way, speaking of giveaways during the break. Did I really say that? That putwacking Sam the scam. Who happens to be from Venezuela? You see that country once a time was really not so bad. I guess. And then Sam came into the picture and all of a sudden everybody said, oh, and actually into this place. The fact that he's from Venezuela, I guess either isn't excused for why he's such a putwacker and so useless or maybe it's some other reason. I don't know what it is, but he is just. He's having a meeting by the way too. There was himself. I'm not the center one thing. You're going to be able to make that judge. He's having me. Or in here last night, we got all the stuff put together. George is over there meeting with a CD. People are going to take care of that. The way I'm taking care of the whole sales thing. And here's our promotion guy. He's going to be sitting in on a meeting, talking in that very a pedantic style of his like, how are you? How do you do? etc. And what do I do? Nothing. Not a. He likes that song, not a as you go. By Luis, only the not a part is what he can relate to as a not a thing. Which is what he does. Where we going, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Love your style. I don't want free anything. We don't got any free anything. Only wishes to the show. One reason for you, nothing that sports thing. One request on a party. Young. Little old man named Irving. Little man, you mean, little man named Irving. The people who watch you big black onion band. What is that called again, by the way? Oh, the eyes and not Irving. Oh, I'm sorry. I do not think one thing hopefully for the car machine. To go ahead. Stay away from the fish for the new MF. Okay. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. Which you can do theft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old. You think MF. Remember when we used to boast that back in Caribbean. We ought to get a bundle of fish maybe. White was a cooler. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think MF. How is that? I have sex seriously. Um. A personality like that. Now I think somebody's got dead away from my supportive of the old. You think MF. Be it away from my supportive of the old. You think MF. Whenever some fascinating tries to steer my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old. You think MF. Get your old Jewish old Jewish guy named Eisencarre-Larn now and receive a free flower antenna. Get away, get away, get away from my board of a bill. You think it's big and the air. Old Jewish guy named Eisencarre-Larn, now available it all, there's stories. Okay, these 700-dollar, we call that identify-listing this, we're one of the first things we want to choose size, we want to know, is that the outfit suit? What does it look like? Oh, man, man, man. Of course, get the money. Oh, man, man. There they are. The 2700-card, and the call right now identified as guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's our best wishes. It's really a blessing to see the city. And a baby knows you. What's that? It's the best. Pretty cheap all our friends, you bought the laser. Oh, I need all the cameras. I'm down, I'm lost. Okay, let's do a pair right now, okay, because I'll forget about this. That's not. Okay, let's go to a way, what? I don't want to play T's with this audience, and today, one of the phones that's going to start getting them and say I'm afraid to do it, I get them and say I'm afraid to do it to me for over 22 years. Okay, let's give away a pair of two days right now. What do you think? Here's that toll-free number, 1-800-227-0560. Call number nine, right now, right now, it's nothing. Okay, here's a mobile number not doing it now. I'm going to do it a few minutes. Here's a mobile important waterdale, huh? Hey, you got to do an email. Yes, sir. Hey, from what I've heard, and then Paul there, there is a tape delay on PV as it came in our later. You mean the dolphin game? Yeah, the dolphin game. Yeah, but he wants to see that. That would be like listening to it on WACY, like we had last week, and here are seven second delay, while if you try to listen to the radio. Yeah, my hey, I have a great story about old goose kind name Dyson. You know, I was waiting brought up Mexico. I went there about six years ago, and friends of mine went to another, went to go surfing, and they went to another break, and they hired a cab driver. What a coincidence, on the way to the other place. They all got robbed, took their money, then heard anyone, but the cab driver, his money was never found. What a coincidence. Right. No one's inside there. Okay, but we're on a local roof for here, and Broward, and we're doing an old goose guy named Dyson's roof today. Really? Yesterday, the let them know we were coming, and I told them that we had a big black guy named Ben as our foreman, and that he protects cars on the sign. I thought it was just kind of funny that guy had to request back to that. I think life's any must be psychic. But anyway, it's very, very good to play any of the built-quentin, you know, melody. Like what? Oh God. I got to have a few there to choose from. How about I want you to listen to me. I do have sexual relations with Miss Lewinsky, and I'm told that one was a lie. There's a dress that has some stains. Preseason with a Friday night's showdown against the NFC champion, Greenberg Blacks at Pro Player, Countdown to kick off, starts at 3. The game starts at 7. Yeah, sports radio 560, QAA. Oh, to Christ. So this bitch is a couple of miles away, you are good. A bit. A bit. Back in the water. Grab your reinvestigated. And guess where she shot this team off. She looks like a guy. They more sucks at that. She's 7 feet wide. She makes me want to the shrine. A kick with a dick. A kick with a dick. With two spelly chins. Two spelly chins. A bloated and a ugly back dick. A ton of things up. She wants the media to stop the music. Every thing her and ask with songs like this. But we find that amusing from that self-remoting ugly bitch. How much were you paid? How much were you paid? Four monocos, tate. Four monocos, tate. By return, see me on the stage. You're not plugged in, maybe, maybe, maybe. It trips up that thing. I wish you all would leave me alone. I'll just like everyone of you out there. I know you're being beaten. Let me out now, stop the music. Just who do you think you're a fooling? You better talk to ugly smelly thing. You're really that drudged, a dress. I'm so glad to see you. Okay, she's got big trouble. I just had a flash on CNN that the grand jury that's investigating her is talk to the people at Kmart. She said, listen to that. That's not a Hoffman. We told her that Kmart sucks. She wouldn't listen. The law in Maryland about wire tapping is this. If you tape a phone conversation without notify me of the party, it is definitely in violation of law unless you're ignorant of the law. However, the employees of Kmart were in the bottom of wire tapping device. They would notify all customers and they definitely did notify her that if you do wire tapping about the other person's consent and knowledge that it's against the law. So that big fat Linda's got big fat problems now. All right. While she's going to need somebody to take care of her son. While she's in the slimmer. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. They're here in the, uh, Georgia breaking in with during the bit. Sure, I'm holding. I don't know. I don't know. I didn't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm sure you mentioned that because yesterday he said some of the most disgusting stuff. And I'm sure he was forgetting that people could hear it. Well, that's what I just want to, somebody about to, I think he said something like Bobby Holders God, I don't even know who he is, but anyway. Went to one thing about your wonderful promotion department. Yeah. Having a promotion tonight down on Quill Rouge Drive. It's a pizza hunt. Way down south. Giving away food tickets for the Dolphin game. Way up north tonight. Great. So, how much time did you buy for the game? Almost. It comes with helicopter plane right, do I? Yeah. You get up to the stage. Right. That's time to the best. We're sending him back to Venezuela. He's going to be deported by the end of the day pal. Hey, good luck. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Is that my stamp's home? How much I owe Joe? How much do I owe him? 100 dollars. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to bring him into the, right. Make sure that everybody wants to go. You know, something that they're even close to taking. I'm on, but don't worry about whether or not I'm on something. What do I owe you for these Joe? It's on one. Okay. Anyway. Oh, who the hell is that? Look at that. I've never heard that person. Absolutely correct. Excellent job. Thank you. Joe was solely by the way. Our great, great man from North Office of Plight. Greatest man in history of human race. Now what do I owe you? Let me see it again. Roth Office of Plight. Oh, look at the way he spelled my hand. No, that's right. It's on. Huh? Now I owe him a lot less. Okay. Yeah. Well, I got to get that mail straight. No, I thought see what you're isn't out. By the year 25 25, I'll be getting the real mail. Got a lot of nice magazine just that they mostly throw away a couple of bag bags. Okay. We have an open line in date 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call spring. Hello. And now. I'm a big, Luis Miguel, Paner. Are you really in big? Are you kidding me? I've seen him in concert three times. Once here twice in Vegas. Well, what was it the other way around? Well, I was in Seattle recently by the way, which is a very gorgeous place. I don't know if you've ever been there. No. But I was there. And I was in this, I was at this little free market that they have. And they had a copy of a whole do-ed album with Luis Miguel and Serena. Okay, from about four or five years ago. Right. And I bought it and made a copy of it. And I, if you'd like, I'll send it to you. If you'd like to do the station. Okay. And it's awesome. I never saw that because I'm a big Serena fan. As well as Luis Miguel. And I have all of both of all of this. He's, and I've never heard of the do-ed album together. And they got a couple of Christmas songs on there and stuff. Like to leave Smavvy Dodden, real funny. You know, corn is stuff like that. Holy crap. No, but it's really awesome. There's like no. No, no, no. There's like no. So I heard that voice and I just want to scream. I mean, he just got the greatest voice in the world. Plus the fact looks pretty good too. But anyway. I think it'd be a shock personally. Oh, come on. How could you say that? No. Well, because we missed Serena. In the middle of my play, the father's, he plays on this father's name instead of sitting there instead of sitting there based on how good a thing or he is. He sits there. And what, what, what, what, let me say this. He's got music. All that, let's out all over the world, including Italy, Spain, everywhere. And if people didn't like the way he's saying, if they like his music, no matter how popular his father was, they wouldn't buy it. You know what I'm saying? I, yeah, dude, you said. I didn't know it, too. Huh? Where can I mail the, uh... Okay, hang on, George, I'll tell you. Thanks. Thanks. Okay, take care of our Pizon, there. Okay, he's got some must-up. 23 till 2 at 5.60 WQM, the hammer will be your ankle bird from 2 to 3. Just for a brief hour, did they just a little cameo appearance? Well, if I were Hank, I'd be porked off there to come in just for an hour. Well, there's two ways to look at it. I mean, number one, you see, you know, you got to come all the way over here and come in for an hour. And of course, to go under that building for hours like risking and danger in your health. But on the other hand, coming in for just an hour and saying, oh, hey, see ya, it's not that bad either. So, all the pence on which way you'll be looking at it, depending on how much free food's waiting. Hey, listen, we're going right now. You might want to write these numbers down for Aylandicoast. I need a little bit of cash. You know what I'm talking about? I don't want you to panic, okay? So, but, uh, Aylandicoast mortgage is a kind of p- You're a god. Even though she was still a little girl, she won a lengthy gold at Nagano. Now, she's going... I'm just kidding, but I love yelling at my mom. I hate you, Mom! That's right, bouncy little taro love his piece, changing from an amateur to a professional from a kid into a teenager. You better hurry up and I take it to the scene. Before all my hormones kick in, my brood starts taking out my inner love and life, but I'll over the ice. Like Nicole Bobag. See, taro love hisky and her professional debut as she performs thrilling numbers like the stay out of my room, especially my dresser dance. See, you're not the boss of BP. And they always dangerous daddy, I dented your car routine. I like that one daddy always as a triple. Really? Tarala pimpsky's at the unice. Like no other. Okay, but I wanted to create lyrics, and he could use it before the game tonight. 142 at 5.60 WQ, I mean, a census note, oh it's only a point point. Now, dummy up don't say it. No, but seriously, since the story about Linda Tripp came out, all of a sudden the market was down to the that was down 60 points. And all of a sudden before he knows it was up 3 points. Not only one, but nevertheless, I think people are excited that that bitch is going to fry. I'm going to make fat ass. He's probably feet all of Merlin, and it's for about a week with that. Man. So anyway, Stephanie says, yes, she does like big rod, and she's going to go see him to rod the concert. Or she sure wasn't talking about Rob. Okay, we have two open lines in Grower, five, six, seven, five, sixy, and pound five, 60 on the 18th line. Well, somebody's got to like rod Stewart. Because it's your ain't me. Here's Miami. Hello. What's the bird? I don't know what's fancy. Oh, kids, the bird, that fat. Open line in day five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on our 18th, wireless line. We're just yesterday today, it's just work for it. Can I have you notice? Anybody notice me? I'm just thinking I'm way through. We understand you went there a lot of pressure. It's the last day the kids are going back to school. Then you'll have those penalty ass brats out of the way. And then we can really do whatever it'll we usually do. And then we got hockey starting up pretty soon here. All right, are we going to have a team this year? No. Are we going to have a goal this year? No. We're going to have a new anything this year? No. Got a nice new coach. He's a good guy. Does he know what's going on? No. No way. Otherwise, he wouldn't have come here. Good guy, Terrain Marie. Just remember I told you that he's a hell of a guy. And boys, he's going to get screwed over big time. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. He just mentioned the bird. Yes. What are we going to do? I've never seen the two of them together. My God. You know, you know, something that's an insult to the bird. I mean, I was going to be the bird was annoying, but nevertheless the bird, at least in his own peculiar way, could be on the air and act like he belonged on the air. Y'all, they just didn't belong on your just to say hello. Okay. Well, you know what? And you know the thing I was listening this morning, and they were doing this contrived controversy, you know, with Hank and holding your knee. And I'm listening to that. And I'm thinking the thing that bothers me the most is that, Y'all, these things that were kidding. And I can't speak for Hank. But I think I don't Hank pretty well. When Hank is telling you that he's a little puts and will always be a little puts, I think Hank really means that. And when I tell you that, I know I really mean it because he's a little known nothing puts who is shrill and talks loud and kisses a lot of ass and she'll's a lot. And there doesn't know what he's talking about. Well, you know how you say, you know, you have a face for radio. Aren't you supposed to have a waste for radio? Oh, not here. I mean, we put it here when they put the board up here on this station as long as you work cheap man. It's unbelievable. As long as block takes a shine to you and you work cheap, you're in and this joint. Okay, because I'm a sportsman, but every time between Goldie and having Joe Rose singing whatever around the clock. Right, you're around the clock. I turn the radio off. Yeah. A couple other things. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed their show. Oh, we we we we we we we we we we. Yeah, only in the state of Florida, do we get to choose between a jet bush and a buddy McKay. I like the we we yeah. Shouldn't jet belong to McKay shouldn't that name belong to McKay and maybe a buddy bush. Buddy bush wouldn't be bad. Right, better you than me. Okay, Palavra great weekend. It's a 145 he likes to buddy system. We have an open line in date five six seven. Five six six. I like the we we and the pump five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. That Joe Rose man. He's getting the swelled head or he's always had it. God Almighty this guy and he just kind of sits the whole thing in the morning. What bothers me about that show. Do I dare talk and see I was going to say anything. I was going to try to be a nice guy because their numbers are sagging badly and they need some help from it. All of us. But everything is so contrived. Didn't they ever hear Mr. Eagle that can try controversy on the light bulb? It went over like halivari in the middle of Bay Route. It just doesn't make it. Okay. And they just it's so contrived and corny and like sparring and jabbing and poking and jamming and you know who cares anymore. Here's Miami. Hello. But it kills a lot of good time. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm a more time listen a second time call. I'm like, I called you. I would go about 11 years old. But now I hit the big 18 and I think it's celebrating a big weight. Oh, for what's happening? You're 18 today? No, no. I was 18 a little while ago. But I'm not sure when it was. Thank you. And I'm calling here to bitch. You had a thing about her post-versus. Yeah. But I'm not talking about the length of time or the length of work. I'm talking about how they can't even treat a package good. You know, I've gotten good. When you know, I'm giving her that song treat your package good. Well apparently they have it. Yeah. Let me tell you because I've gotten. I got a Christmas present this past year to refer to my. I know, I'll take for them. And when it got here was it was about a $200. You know, or the pot. It was beautiful. Pizza potteries. And you brought $100 worth of pot. Yeah. It was. Oh, I wish it. It was broken man. It would have broken. It was the thing was smashed into about 20 pieces. And what do you do? You call them? They can't do anything about it. I think it's ridiculous. But they're at least going to take forever. At least be careful. To their ass man. Oh, man. I think in the court, take them to judge Judy. She'll stick it to them. Oh, she will stick it to them. That miserable cradle. Good. She'll stick it to them. They're in the big of 20 years. No parole. Oh, hell. Yeah. And I've got to make it. That's where it's all sent them to. Yes. I got to save it after that. I know you've paid it a little bit earlier. But I am really dying to hear that gun just on. Did you make it on? Yeah. I think it was great. I think you play out for me. You think I'm going to play out again? All right.