You know, I'm sitting here getting all ready to do the show and now it's uh, it's uh, it's up for grabs. I think I'm playing music today. What? And you know, we can't really, really be great. But of course we can't do it because we work for a bum fork operation. There's all those great jingles I got back there. But I can't play them because they're on cart and our cart machine died. Do we have a cart machine that works in this joint? No. Oh, a cart machine's they went out. Yeah, look guess what all our stuff is on cart. What a shame. We may have to play music with our uh, with our new jingles like uh, this. It's big. In my every tell ride. I've five, so, WQA. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, we got all those great CQL, WJingles in WLS and the old QAM Jingles. From back when this was a really popular station, which isn't anymore. But trip. I have never in my life heard anything human. Make a sound like that. Fat Joe was in there blowing it and his nose too. I, you know, it's like a cartoon thing. You know what I'm saying? In other words, like I've said before, cartoons like in Batman, uh, WAM, pow, there are sounds that nobody really makes in real life. There were people with orange and purple hair. And that was a sound that like living in breathing humans don't make. But the fat Joe in there is blowing it big time and his nose too. Speaking of blowing by the way, how's Maddie doing? Well, we got the message across last night. Anybody see that show on WAM? No, I did. I also saw the little uh, I don't know what you call it. That embarrassing little piece that Maddie, unless you see nobody else in the world would ever do that. That would be like my coming on here the year this morning and playing a message from Greg Reed before the show started saying, Well, you know, Neil Rogers says I'm a cheap past student I lie a lot and I haven't paid George's bonus and that will a bunch of wannabes, etc. But I wish him well and here's his show and he's an asshole. What's something like that? Right by the way, even though it's not very exciting watching somebody weed and article, but it was a great article and I like it. And it said what needed to be said. And so the card is gone and the cap is gone. I told you, there's a message in there. It's not being done just to be outrageous, just to be an asshole. It's been done to send a message and I think in a four hours yet that it would convey the message. marijuana is a very, very benign piece of crap. Meaningless. It's not even worth talking about. It's so silly. The marijuana law. There's re for madness all right in this country. The government and law enforcement. They're the ones who suffer from re for madness. They're crazy about it. They're psychotic. They need mental help about it. Because it's a cottage industry of course, combating it. And forcing these laws. And I'm thinking to myself coming to work this morning, well, how come if marijuana is so bad for you? The government is so concerned about just like with cigarettes. Warning, the surgeon general has discernment. The term in that bag gets maybe dangerous to your health. Well, we know that. I was thinking of the bag is by the way, you know that maniac from, uh, what else he from Kansas? Yeah, from Kansas. It's going to be the one at boycotts, all the funerals of anybody gay. They're going to be showing up in the Wyoming. You know what I'm talking about? They're that crazy preacher. Is there, of course, that's redundant. Isn't it crazy preacher? The, the love filled Christian guy. The love filled Christian guy that shows up in a few levels of gay people. And then they run around with all these crazy signs and a pervert. And God said this and God's punishment. Uh, this man's crap. Phelps, isn't that his name? Yeah, the re for NFL. Because all these homophobic assholes are reverence. But nevertheless, when you get a candy bar, does it say on a candy bar anywhere on the rapper warning the surgeon's general has determined that sugar make lead to obesity, diabetes, coronary artery disease and maybe death, dental disease, etc. And so on, tooth decay, brain decay, erratic behavior, hyperactivity and children. Are any of those warnings on candy bar? No. Is this serial loaded with sugar? No. The government doesn't give a crap about us. It's all, it's all for show. It's all pretense. But they justify this marijuana business by saying, well, it's bad for you. And it's, you know, hallucinogenic. How about caffeine when you go out and get a copy? When you go to the diner, and they give you a cup of coffee. They give you a sheet of paper that says warning the surgeon general says that caffeine has it, is to your health and make you hyperincyconic and give you the Hershey score and stuff like that. Do they tell you that? No. So they selectively are trying to be good for us. That's right. They pick and they choose. And they get hysterical and they whip everybody up into a frenzy. Oh, this is bad. This is evil in our young kids. Once you start smoking one joint, if you inhale one time, you're going to be doing LSD and heroin and all of a sudden crap. Now come to find out, what are the kids dying from there? You see that air freshener and all of a sudden crazy stuff. Because society has taught them that it's great. You got to get high. You got to get high. I mean, what tells life without getting high? This is what they learn from their parents and their grandparents. And all these other crazy people who don't know nothing about getting that. That's all he always get high. On what? I worked for WKWN. That's good enough for me. Oh, it's me a big high every day. Well, maybe twice a month when that paycheck comes through. It's a big high. Yeah, so there you go. What a bunch of garbage. So there you go, Maddie. The cap is gone. And you know, you have to do what you have to do to deal with people like this. This is make them feel like they won. He won something. I can see that I took the cap off. But I know for our show here yesterday on legalization of marijuana. And it made a lot of sense. See, even when anything, but if it makes you feel better to feel that you won something. And if there was some kind of a battle of the minds going on there, great more power to you can go back to Israel. You asshole. But I mentioned that he's an asshole. Did I mention that you're today? Maddie Lysham. I mean, you're in industry, joke. Everybody in the, in any industry. I'm not talking about television. Forget about that. Anybody I can assure pair business knows you're a jackass. Forgetting about television. What you got nothing to do with. So we'll find out if maybe anybody saw that show last night. And saw the postcard, this big controversial card. Evidently Terry Jackson, if the Harold thought it was important enough that they put another article in the paper today, where did they lose it? What I do that got some Neil at night back on here at Wami host and Spat. That's how important it was. Was there anybody in the audience that saw that show last night? No, it's all the postcard with the joints in the Olympics. No, there you go. Because nobody's watching that station. Because when you have the same newscast on 72 times and the same old washed out episodes of mash on 400 times, it's not conducive to too many people tune in. Plus the NBA's on strike. All right. Sir, right. Ten of the, we're waiting for the heat games when you got a long way to sweetheart. Ten of the T3. Grab my junior on 18 at 5. 60 WQAM. So anybody out there in this audience see that Wami show a 10 30 last night? No. Did they see the big postcard that there was all a big controversy about? No, they went our all our kids running around smoking weed today and going to a certain parts of town to buy it. I almost said Liberty City. They don't have to go to Liberty City. Come right down here. Come to the station. We have Virginia, can wander around in the neighborhood. There's lots of Jamaicans all over here. It's free with periquot. You'll be dead by noon. But at any rate. There's no impact because there's nobody watching that show. I don't even know why I talk about them at all on this show. Articles in the newspaper. A Terry Jackson writes a follow up in a hero today. I'll come on here this morning. Think you may be people saw that. I'll need to look at this postcard. For example, Terry Jackson writes the, the very toughest resulted in the Centerman so on. Rogers agreed to put away an Amsterdam postcard that had offended the station. How could it offend the station if it could be on there for 27 minutes last night? But if it's only undering the context of a discussion about the subject. But Maddie says it can't be a decoration in the studio. So in other words, if it's on the air. You assume that anybody who might see it is listening to the discussion that's going on. And of course, we know that everybody who watches television is always listening carefully. They every word, hang on on the words, right? Which shows you on the face of it how ridiculous it is. Art spelled by the way is off the air. Those of you which doctor people out there, if you know art bell. NBC is obsessed with art bell by the way. Did it think last week about him on the today's show? I'm just surfing the channels because I've never seen any show more boring in my life than the today's show. And any person more boring than Matt Lauer by the way. What is the big deal with him? Because he's on television? Oh, Matt Lauer is getting married. You know what? Who cares? Who cares? He is as sexless as a fruit fly as boring as dog-dung. Matt Lauer. But he's on television, dummy. Oh, excuse me. So anyway, art bell comes on evidently last night or whenever. And it's interesting because they had all the cameras there. So it was like prearranged. Not that it was a publicity stunt. To announce that well, because of his family and he can't tell anybody why, but it's not a publicity stunt. It's his last broadcast on here. Maybe the Martians are coming to take him off and out his face. Since that's the kind of show that he does. And one of the things that really got me that he was on 400 stations with 10 million potential listeners. Art bell. Putting irresponsible people on there talking about being bitten by vampires and all kinds of other bizarre things and the spaceship is on a way. I mean, just the most irresponsible nonsense. But he's off because the Martians are whatever the hell is story is. Maybe he's all drinking cool later. Is he taking a tapioca pudding for something today? Maybe he's doing his door re-meas. I have no idea. It's picking a door re-meas. Yes, today. All you people at the networks out there are hope you're really proud of yourselves. Because once again, we saw beyond a shadow about that Tammy Faye for once in a life was right when she said. The media is sick and he's not family. Here's this crazy thing going on up there in Connures, Georgia, which thank God it's the last one by the way because Virgin Mary is tired of the food up there. She likes the child better in Batavia, New York. She's moving her next year for someplace else. Here are these crazy crazy people up there. They hear the message from the Virgin Mary, the overwhelming majority of them by the way. It's about 90% old women. And a few younger women in about 10 men. And a few little kids that got dragged along for the ride. Because they couldn't afford a babysitter. And then media covers this, like it's a real mystery. It was on every network to new as telecast last night. It was on CNN, every hour on a hour all day yesterday. And you know how these people, especially on CNN, especially when they got two of them sitting there, two of the anchors. And they passed comment back and forth. They make editorial comments and stories. Oh, what a horrible story. That was in Gita. You know, they always have editorial comments. But when it comes to anything that has to do with religion or in this case, pseudo religion, they are scared, cratly. They don't dare say a word. And they sit there with a straight face like, like, this is a real story. Like, well, these people come looking for a comfort and healinger. These are crazy people. How come when we had to doorway me people who were crazier than a bed bug? And they found all the bodies. How come they, you know, passed judgment on that? Without really coming out and saying it, they're these people are crazier than hell. And they're all dead. Man, they were chasing the bill, he Lee comet. There's what they were chasing. And he's dead, by the way, just like they are. Although I tell you one thing, they didn't have that little pig tail on their forehead like Bill Hayley. So, what anybody can graduate, again, to the mass media out there, for showing your lack of courage, your spinallessness, and your cowering, to anything that might be construed as a religious exercise. But you're crazy people. A hundred thousand crazy people in Connures, Georgia yesterday, to hear from the Virgin Mary, by way of this woman who sounds like, I like, I don't know, have you, did you hear her speak? Sounds like she's on helium. Sounds like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up her rectum. She's like, got helium from head to toe. And the Virgin Mary said that very, but above her, yeah. Good, like a 33-RPM record at 78. She was kind of like our car machines before they got died. So, she better watch it. Okay, look at this tremendous response on that show. Why did I even waste my time? Why do I even talk about that television show? Is there anybody listening to this show that has, it gives one who to about that thing? No, I've been atly not. Got two calls on the board. You would have thought that after this card got on, here's been all this hysteria about it, that I would sit down here this morning before I even open a mic. Here, be lying would have been a little upset. Hey, what was the big deal with that? Or what a grotesque of that was, though? You better not put that on a earring. Or whatever. Do they have a opinion about it? No. No. Which I'll get into later. Here's Miami, hello. Morning, Mr. New. Yes, sir? I'm sorry, sir, last night. You're so influential. I went straight pasting it, a weed addict, and I'm on methadone just because of that postcard. Uh-huh. You already, well, I want to know, why is it that? Why me is making such a big deal? I mean, I guess you're trying to, like, you're just facade of being a real broadcasting channel. I mean, there's bush league as it gets the right out. Why do they care if you're doing something that's a little bit, you know, pushing beyond the localways on their every night? Right, Queen. You're a man. The drag of Miami is like... Right, drag queens at Miami. That's so what their station's all about. I mean, what is so much worse about, you know, you talking about the weed, you showing the bulls car wheel, the back of the mouth? I mean, over 10 or 3, could it be, or, like, that, like 10, for example, I've almost gone out of the, in a way. I mean, not a one, I jumped that. I don't want to sound like no kind of, right wing lunatic, or anything. Yeah, but I mean, it's flesh. It's the pleasure of the flesh. That's what they need. It's a lot more flesh on that station. I've been saying that since they won if they, instead of having that asshole, the way I think is off the sports town at the light complex of black asshole that we're doing the sports time, Chris McTwatt. Instead of having him on air, what they ought to have is, like, you know, some of the people from 10s, one guy and one chick on air, real hot looking guys are in, in dressed in very scatly, you know, like invading suits playing grab ass on that sofa. Then you get a tune in audience. And if they do a little oil wrestling on air would be good. You know, like, one of the, like, one of the mud wrestling, because then you can't see anything. I'm talking about the Chris go, you know, something like that. Yeah, vegetable or wrestling, get a 40-year-old guarantee of, I'll pick the contestants. When I was a host on that kind of frequency, by the way, it's like a cane, a like a, like a cane smoking cigarette, more good. Yeah. And you're going to tell me that he smoking faggot on the air. Smoking faggot on the figure. He's got faggot in his mouth on the air. And we're in two. Uh-huh. Maybe Maddie Lush, the fact that he smokes faggot. Maybe that's why he doesn't care so much about that. Yeah, but you're going to tell me that's rationality. Well, that's legal, okay? See that for the point is it's not a question whether it's legal. The point is if little kids were tuning in during the summertime when that was stuff was on there watching the guy smoking weed on a year and watching people smoking cigarettes on a year, they're impressionable. And allegedly, that's what he's so worried about with the marriage. You mean you, that's what he's allegedly concerned about. I just want to understand what, what, rationality. Exactly. What do you say there at the end? Something about something about that. Yeah, okay. Okay. Calm down, pal. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, off go, go, go, off go, go, go, off go, go, go, go, go, go, go, o, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, um, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, and the other guy are the only two people that watch that show. We know what we can't break the squiggly lines on that. But the only one who watches that damn thing. I remember what I said it was by accident. I was serving to the channel. And then I saw the disclaimer in the beginning, which I thought was pretty funny. And then what I noticed during the show is, you know you had the postcard on your hat. Yeah. But the camera angle kind of being a lettuce show. You know what I mean? Right. It was kind of looking up at you. So you really could have seen it the postcard somewhere. Yeah, well that's the camera that sits right under my hat. We have one of those in here too. Right exactly. So that's you know basically what I saw. But it was a good show. I heard the show during the day. So that's basically in the ice. But when you saw the postcard and you could make out what was on it. You can kind of make out what was on it. Right. And then I can kind of see the peep show poking all over. Oh yeah, well that's obvious. That's standard. That's not going on with the peep show. Oh great. That's pretty much what I saw there in the. And did you find that the card was in any way controversial or like, uh, of course. No, that's ridiculous. Pretty big to it. Okay. And if I can have just one special request with this, uh, whatever guy that went off the area yesterday, uh, you did all that you were posted on the board. Art Bell. Yeah. Yeah. Blue Hands. Please. Okay. You got it. Thank you. Okay. See. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Art Bell. They're coming from outer space. And there are vampires biting me on the neck right now. And they've got millions of listeners. 400 stations. This guy's on. I'm sitting here in Miami. I can't get like half a dozen calls at one time out of being on a big TV station last night that we had articles in both newspapers about and on the best part is they ask me, oh, was this a publicity stunt? Like, uh, like somebody's watching that thing? Good gravy, baby. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. They nailed. Yes, sir. I try nothing wrong with it at all. Let's show. Absolutely nothing. I don't see nothing. I'm offent to the bar. I think it's funny. Uh, I'm getting tired of trying to find out when you're on all the time. Mm-hmm. Now, on yet 10 30 most of the time, but they just do it to create that. Well, another two, three weeks you won't have to worry about that at all, but let's be side to point. Yeah. If you can't get a new guest down there one more time, I think would be the charm. Yeah. I just, you're. Anya, I'm not. You read about Pittsburgh filing bank, Rookie. Uh-huh. You know how that affects the Murray-old and New Deal. So, if you, if you owe to it, if that happens, if they claim banks are not on all the debt of pay. I don't know. I think they, then they can, they just got through paying them 1 million, but they still own like 32 million more. I don't know how that works. Yeah. And that's part of the reason they had to declare bankruptcy, by the way. Yeah, that's what they kind of figured that. And you have to throw points, you're gone. That's right. That's the best news. We'll encounter the Esposito gone in Tampa, which you know, was a matter of time. Because don't think they can say about fil esposito. He's an asshole. That's a big ass. They're good at it. They're too old, baby. We're doing it. Okay, head away. Get out of here. We have an open line of date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, you think that this town, I mean, I hope Maddie Leschum's less than right now while he pretend that he isn't, but you know that he is. You think that little kids are Robin Banks right now to go out there and buy pounds of marriage, a whiny baby. You think that, of course, he that's another thing about marijuana is people don't steal anything. People don't do a hold-ups so they get money to buy pot. You know, I hate to break the news, do you? Anymore than people hold up for liquor stores to get money to buy cigarettes. Oh, yeah. Oh, you hear about that all the time? Big arm robbery man, one, six packs of marlboro's and of course with a cross to cigarettes now can't blame them. 1027 man, this is amazing. It really is. The impact of that station on our lives is non-existent. It's not minimal, it's not existing. The audience for that TV show you can put into a for that TV station, forget about my show, but into a telephone booth and every one left over to the Chinese Army. 1027. Yeah, I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. We're here with him. All right, nothing but who has on my TV. Who has on the blue sheets and they got nice on their feet. I never saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my asking advice. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird, all of them dead. Yes, who have been spaving by my eye. Go into the earth, see where else we are. Just do it. Okay, 31 at 5.60. You can come on, let's do it together. I just don't get 100,000 crazy people coming from miles all over the country. These people congregate there every year. Although this was the last one because the Virgin Mary's got a busy schedule. Crazy people and the media coverage, like, oh, here's a very important event. And all these people came for what? Because they came to see the Virgin Mary. Here we go. And I guarantee you the way things are going on this country. May you have a travel to help long distance to find any virgin. They come and stick about that. By the way, here's our updated schedule today because we got the game. Is it 5? Or something like that? The pod raising the brave. By the way, bad on powering again last night. Not that it changed again. The Yankees did thank God. Score 9 runs instead of just a 6 or 7. Because otherwise it would have been another disaster. Another travesty. And immediately, gunpires and their unions are destroying the game. As we knew it, even though it's making us come back this year. Horrible call by Empire 10, Henry at second base. Obviously a force play that would have been the second out of the inning. It's got brochures, never had a chance. Another outlater to hit that three run home or that made it 6. Nothing at the time, et cetera. And so on. The same 10, Henry by the way, that got hit by the line drive. And let me say this. Joe Morgan, are you an asshole or what? Huh? I'm part of get hit by a line drive as runners on 1st and 3rd. Which I haven't seen that in years. So I forgot what the rule is. And we're waiting to find out either cost us who Supposed to be the baseball expert. Come on. Tell us Bob, what's the and here is Joe Morgan. The ball is Dave. The ball is Dave. And I'm saying to myself, I wish you were Dave because that he just kept repeating that. Oh, well, it hit the on the ball is Dave. He must have said it 6, 400 times in about a 30 second period of time. Did he tell us what was going to happen with you with a batter? No, he'd be awarded for his face. No. The ball is Dave. The ball is Dave. Joe Morgan. I tell you if brains were dangerous, you did the safest place to hide in the university. And here's cost us who finally gets the rule book out. And he's fumbling his way through it and reading it. Obviously it's convoluted. He don't understand it. We don't get any information on it. And we while the bases are loaded now. And then told me folks, when I thank God, so we can't have been made a to move point. But between Joe, Brentman and his set head Henry guy, I'm telling you the I'm firing gets worse and worse and they're arrogant and they're obnoxious. And the I'm firing as union don't give a crap about the fans. You're about the game or the outcome. And it's a sad situation. Guess what? Hank, it's Julio from 2 to 5. Then we got the pod raised in the graves at 5 o'clock. Boob Chambi after the game at 730 or about. And it kept in 10 to 2 tonight. Open line in day one and grow. 560 and 560 at 560 on a mobile one line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. For a lot of deal. Hello? Yes sir. Hey, Neil. Yes. Yeah. I want to tell you by Roy and Joy your show first time calling. Uh-huh. Definitely. That's today. A sample. A whole fraction in the country. And. And. And. And I think I can thank glad to see. I'd be the brother to get to see that show. I'm tonight on channel 69. I want. I never ever watched the show. But I did make it a point to watch the show. And I got to agree with the other caller. That was one of the reasons that I called was. The angle that they couldn't actually see. The achievement and radio awards. The broadcast competition celebrating excellence of top floor. Are radio. How do you like this? Now I'm going to be attending this. First time. The 1998 AIR awards board of governors. Joy Watson Watson. Ninety nine is anybody know who that is. She's the cheerwoman. The cheerperson. And I want you to be the cheerwoman. I think the year is a very important time. Last lifetime achievement award recipients bobgeneer. Melbury and I have a do we know Bob Rick Shaw. Ricky Tickey boy. They just until they stick his ass in a ground. They're still going to be given them awards. And there they go. He's on the board. He's still planning the oldies. We're analysis. And here. All ready for Pride. Say. We're as Ricky Tickey in here. I am not a . You're Russian. And wait until you hear the board of governors. What a great broadcast market this is. Nelson Alvarada from HFTL. Well, you know HFTL, no spikiting, ladies. Does anybody know Nelson? No. Pat Ableton from Pat Apple Studios. Anybody know Pat? No. Peter Bullger from Clear Channel Communication. Yeah, we know him. Kid Curry from Beesley FM acquisition. Oh, yeah, we know him. Hannah, a JL thing from the marches times. Anybody know Hannah? No. Bob Gainer, Mommy did public school. We already been through that. We still don't know him. Said Rick Holly was from WDR. Anybody ever heard of said Rick? Well, specific man I've ever worked for was the program director at INZ when we had nine shares in middle of the daytime before the day. Couldn't handle the fact that I used to rip him on here. Man who had was uptight and went just to use the swing under the table when I go in and talk to him. Mark Tune, maybe. A legend in his own mind. Tip land day from Cox Broadcast. There you go. The program director of the coast. He's on the border governor. Is anybody see? Yeah, he's 10 minutes. And you're a lunge. Cheryl, my zeld, WDR. Anybody ever heard of Cheryl? No. Well, across the races. Oh yeah, there's a man who made millions of dollars. A nice gun here was putting most people in carcum oracles on here. Mary and Pat Roan from WM, anybody ever heard Mary and? No. You know, 50 million people named Pat Roan. Oh, maybe she knows El Pat Roan. Jeff Shaheen from Ford Motorham. Jerry Sullivan from Shadow Broadcasting. Oh, yeah. Jerry, you've got canned from IOD. They made him to the overnight news van in the news van. Robert W. Walker from Airway. Yeah, that's the special guest by the way. The 1998 Excellence in Radio Achievement Award winner is Robert W. Walker, all right. So there you go. And thanks for the invitation. But I think I'll pass on that. OK. I think I've got a busy night. Pup can my gut South at night, whatever night it is. And I didn't even look at the day yet. OK, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. A Niel. Yes, sir. And your show last night was OK. But one thing was, I don't know if anybody else told you, but a couple of times during the week when you were replaying your Labor Day episodes, there were times when the show that was put start at 1030, actually started at 1020, 1021 around there. Does that happen, anybody else? Well, what do you do to happen to anybody else? What does that mean? I'm just saying, because it seemed like the show never really even started on time. And? Well, but we got another one. I don't believe it. I think you're better get a new watch. OK, we have two open lines in date, five all of date, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, 60. On the one line. 21 before 11, I'm telling you this is this. Somebody spots to that. I mean, what are we wasting our time for? Just so that these four bastards get paid so that the fifth and November I guess. Do you have to fool over here to taping the show? Let's just continue for that, there's an after the fifth and November. But we'll just keep taking the money, thank you. But other than that, I mean, there is the ratings. The Nielsen's there, right? There is nobody watching that show. And then this guy calls up the tell us that the show was coming on the middle of a half hour, which of course we know isn't true. And I wasted all of that energy. And I got all bent out of shape about this. And all whipped up into a frenzy and all, for what? They don't give a crap. You feel like you're spending too much money on long distance. You ate hell. I knew my queen. God. Something to head, hot, strong. Yeah. Something called me present a blow. Some people call me bubble. And I live in the White House of Love. Can start talks about me, babe. Saying that I've been wrong, that I did wrong. Don't you have the people you're wearing now, no? But I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying right here, oh, man, John. Because I'm alive. I'm a singer. And I cannot put you on my feet. I locked them girls away at home. I'm so scared. See guys, I'm a little sad. So scared. I wish you didn't tell no one. Because I'm abnormal. I'm immoral. It ain't sex. If she goes on, I'll lock my women's lump in you. I'm a leader. I'm a singer. I'm a blue dress cleaner. Oh, is she got that thing dry clean? She's the cutest thing that I ever did see. And I'll laugh through a matter she was down on her knees. Rubin' down, Rubin' down, Rubin' down, Rubin' down, we all were time. Oh, we're baby! She sure showed me the time. I'm a joke, girl. See guys, poker. I'm an intern, poker. I wish you didn't tell no. I'm 45 to 560 WMQ. I'm gonna forget our best in the L.C.Ds and cassette to Red Forder is all over the time, including Vointon Beach and the other seven of them being powered. And you can call us on the G.E. You're as if you're like nine five. We're five six three. We had some idea where to help with WMQ. Since at this moment, we have no more appearances anywhere in Proud. Since we got the rest of October, all of November and December. Two and a half months ago, we just started to weeks ago. Do we have anything else to do? No. Any appearance at all? Unbelievable. The way in, is there anything that you're doing these days? That's involved in anybody's shape or form with this show. Is there anybody that works for a measly great communications? That is in any way shape or form involved in what we're trying to do here. Oh, race somebody for a great charity. Oh. That's a great opportunity for us to help them with these CDs. Thank you. That's what will be Saturday, October 31st, noon, at two event in Jerry's and you have in sure am all. On, freaking believable, apart for the course. There's a mobile and pepper pines, hello. Yes, sir. I just want to say that don't worry. I was getting the thing I was doing. We were just talking about life. The ball is D and the ball is D. Well, I was fortunate, man. I mean, it's getting to the ball over and how it over is the ball. It's that that was the end where I have on rampant. That's just what thousands freaking find that really in with the ball went to die. It's got a grip on the thing. Hell and fire. I mean, forget about that. I'm just talking about that one place where we're watching and supposedly these are the experts. Here's the one guy who was the Jockel played the game with the John Morgan and the one who's supposed to be the subtle playing expert Bob Cases and between the two of them, neither one of them knew what the rule was about the ball hitting the umpire and what happened to the matter and what they're who's on first. They do nothing. The great, I think, we're doing great. That's it. I think Bob was doing the rope too. I think we have to listen to these photos for the year. Well, Fox, of course, they're not interested in the game. They're just interested in showing you posts. Yeah, you get to get to the problem. We can count all the pores in Jocelry's face. That's also. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a great life. Whatever he said. Open line and Broward to a date 560-5050-60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Light that down king up, Mon. Hey, listen. I got a quick pollution for. Okay, like I said, open line and date 2 in Broward 560-5050505060 on a mobile one line. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I just heard you answered one question. You're not appearing as Carl Spring border for your C-D? Not in Carl Spring. Not in a plantation. Not anywhere that I know of. I don't believe. Let me look at it again. We don't call Prince George. Maybe we are doing Carl Spring. No, we're supposed to do Carl Spring. We're a mall that got postponed. We're doing nothing in Broward County, which is where about 80% of our audiences are more. Because I'm in wait and I'm going to go by the TV today. I think she's not going to be there. Yeah, I'm going to go to borders because we're not going to be doing anything. Because the way it upstairs and sales just see, they can't make any money off of this. So as a result, they just kind of dropped the ball. They're uninvolved. Sand the shan. He made an appearance there. He made it look for a couple of days like he was really involved in this. And that's it. That's the end of the involvement. The way this radio station operates last year, they totally sandbagged us. We didn't have any fundraiser at all when I was off the year. And now that I'm back on here and we're working our answer to try to make a success of this thing. You're still in there. You're still in there. This is doing yourself everything. Do yourself radio and chill. I do it. Studio. I do it yourself. fundraiser. You know, that's it. Will you do it well? No, but it would be helpful. But it would be helpful. But it would be helpful. But it would be helpful. But it would be helpful. We would go out there and sell. We can't go out there and set up appearances. And come over there and say we got to have a little bit of help around here. No, nothing. Thank you. Oh, people with lacrosse. They are absolutely. But by the immediate comfort and no life like they're just good ordinary religious people going there to hang out with a virgin Mary and get her message. Like, this is a real legitimate news story. I don't get it. Look, it made you that thing over. I thought what did you appear to the dirty windows. Right. And the pencil color, remember what was there water on the bank building. That's right. She was on her side of the bank building. And then they showed how it was like, you know, the sunlight was hitting the window in a certain way. And they don't confuse this with the facts right. And mother Teresa was in the vehicle. Oh, whatever she was right. Right. That's right. I mean, this is all. You can see anything you want to see. Like a little kid. Look at the clouds. Look at the door. Look at the. I saw a little bit young on a so-so. A little bit of a nice little. Greatest eye opener. It's very kind of productive to the radio show. Because these people are sick and paired. They heard about whammy this and whammy. Because they don't watch it. There's nothing on there for them to watch. It's a joke. And I'm sitting here getting all been out of shape. And then talking about this guy that nobody has any idea who he is. Couldn't care less. And I apologize to myself, profusely, for confusing myself with the facts. God Almighty, what an incredible amount. There was one day I thought I was going to have a stroke. A couple of times. I'm on a phone with dorm camp talking about this thing. Because it's a matter of principle. It was bullcraft. I don't like being censored. And I don't think anybody who's on the air doing this kind of an any kind of a show wants to be censored, especially by some assolores. Nobody's doing. But when there's no interest in there's nobody watching, what the hell difference does it make? What's the point? Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to know why he could so concerned about viewers. He doesn't have any. Maddie. And what's up with the name Maddie? You think that he ought to start wanting to offend people at this point, maybe they might get him an audience? Yeah, right. What's up with the name Maddie? A friend of ours has a dog named Maddie. So don't insult my king nine friends. Have a good life. Good audience. We have date county wide open 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. You know what we need to do? We need to start having our DNA revelation stuff like that. We all go all with Neily's go and watch and find your images and everything. Yeah, pictures of Neil on the side of a bank building. Oh, they can't be on picture cards though, right? We're going to the cool little Aussie river, maybe we're going up there to entry and see a look for Neil in the woods. They can't have those images of your picture cards and everything. I got though, right? We already had to go to Neil picture cards. Yeah, that's true. But are they going to show what they had? Are they going to do it again tonight? Are they going to just do that? I'm not wearing that anymore. There's no point in wearing that over the phone. Are they going to allow you know that? They're not going to show you the older ones, right? Right? No. Well, what's there? Did you watch it? Yeah, I watched part to the last night. And did you see the postcard on the hat? Yes. And do you think there's anything controversial there? Nope. Got it all. Got it all. I got another question for you. You have to know for a center once. I want to get some of the old CDs. If possible. Five, six, three. Five, six, three. Thirty, six hundred. They got them. They got it all. Like all your old ones. Well, some of the old ones. And they also, I think, still have some of the fill ones too. Oh, great. And you know how you're saying, you know, it how do they do it. You start promotion at QAM. It's always just do it yourself there anyway. That's all they've been doing. They're picking it up there. Reckdom and stuff like that. Well, I got a lot of practice. Okay, pal. Great. Okay. Open line and brown. All of date County. All three lines. Another one of these days. Monday was okay. Tuesday yesterday. We actually had a conversation here. Not, not brilliant, but okay. And today we're right back where we started again from the previous two and a half weeks. Whatever it is. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Absolutely unbelievable. So thank God for tracing, Ely. Like I said. I'm changing the format of this show. If we get our get a car machine in here that works. We can play those jingles. Get a 40 share easy on this show. With my great taste in music. Well, by the way, speaking of my great taste in music, which I don't want to rub this into George. But guess what album is number one on the Latin charts. First week on the chart by the way, I just mentioned this in passing. Comes on the chart as number one in the world Latin chart. Kosa, Delamor by Enrique, Glacius. I just mentioned that in passing with you like I'm or not. So yeah. So what that, well, I guess what that means is that all those Hispanics must have bad taste to it. Oh, I'll sorry about that. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, what's up, Nier? Yes, sir. I got a couple of things about that whole Virgin Mary thing. I haven't heard anything about it in a past couple months. But yet today was a little bit. Yeah. I think all of Rosa's people rub in, uh, entry or conures Georgia somewhere. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. But Rosa no more. She's also a flood strip. Well, I'm all right. So that's the last night. Yeah. I'll see you. And he's well, actually, the only way to what was on your hat is because you had described it during the day. And I could have, I couldn't make out what it was anyway. So I don't know that it would have caused that much damage to the other. There's another point. So innocuous because most people wouldn't even, uh, the decipher what that was. But this guy decided that he was going to make a major issue out of it. Well, I know, I know the minute I thought I went out and started smoking weed right away. I'm hoping to waste, they're smoking a car for you. Exactly. Also, uh, I guess today I went to borders and picked up both the dees. So uh, they're both great. I just want to, to get out immediately if not sooner. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you so much. Open line and proud. And the all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, the on the AT&T Wireless Line 1056. I'm QA. I'm another great day in a city, baby. Another great thrilling exciting moment to stay in a big city. You know what, my day. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. I'm going to kill you. Carolina Mountain Water. Chronic Chronic Factson. Chronic. Just keep that in mind before I read the facts. This is, this is great. Very uplifting too, by the way. Thanks, Danny, do you want to show that's not your real name? Chronic Factson. To me, this is very important. It says, Neil, I listen every day. I love you, man. But the number of assholes, the whole calls is increased so dramatically. Have you noticed an increase in asshole calls? Well, it's a total call. We'll get asshole calls for 20 or some years. Same as we've always had before. Ah, asshole. It's increased so dramatically that it's becoming increasingly easier to tune out. Why? Says Danny D. Neil, what do you want to do? You're blue up. You talk about the Challenger. When the Gulf War happened, you talked about the Gulf War. When Hurricane Andrew think you talked about Hurricane Andrew. Now we are in the midst of a blubblest coup. Certainly, one of the scariest times in this country's history. And you spend your days talking about whammy, which no one in Palm Beach County can see. As if I'm talking to the people in Palm Beach County, they show I hate to break the news for your pal. It's for the people in Dayton Broward County, primarily. If you're in Palm Beach, good luck to you. Baseball snore, he says. Hockey, ice-cream, Georgia's, bonus, etc. People are concerned about what is happening, Neil. And I, for one, would love to hear your views and your intellect on what this November election is going to bring. And how Jim is a fraud and what the future of this country is. Ha ha ha ha ha. No matter your decision, I'll still listen every day, but that's my feelings. That's my feelings and I want to do to know them. So I'm Danny D. Another 20, 20, 20. I'll, there wants me to sit here and talk about Monica Gate in about the Ken Star. Monica Lewinsky and Linda Triddo in Lucy and Goldburn. No, et cetera, et cetera. So on a Henry's Hyde net. No. I mean, I've already said everything, make a point about marijuana. When I said here, back on a KAT days, and the WS News days screaming and yelling like I'm going to change the world. Sitting on the air here in Miami can't get more than two calls at one time. Danny D, I got news for a pal. You need help. You need to reach out and get some assistance, baby. Over there, it's Carolina Mountain Water with your chronic faxes. And by the way, how come if it's so important, you're not calling in here. And sharing with us your important views, I'm what's going to happen those November. I mean, I don't know about anybody else out there, but I for one am sick and effing tired. A hearing about God damn penis gate. I have nothing more to say about it. I've talked about it until I have absolutely no verbiage left to say about that business. I've already made it very, very clear. And you talk about Ponderosa repetitive and boring. Turn on the Lord as Limbaugh. You'll hear plenty about it. Okay, plenty of fantasy and plenty of bubble mice. We have an open line in Broward, two in date. The fact is, don't put it on my ass. Okay, the fact is that this audience the last three weeks and now into the fourth week has just vanished in terms of either of the, there are any, there are ability to talk about anything that got no material. Or maybe they just found something else to do. Maybe they're playing Pinocle. Maybe they're playing with themselves. Maybe they're playing with each other. I have no idea. The only thing I would agree that the Danny writes in here is the whan he part. Okay, never will mention it again. Ever under any circumstance. I said that a few days ago, and then we got into this in Broward and this whole postcard thing. Which obviously the audience is really whipped up into a friend's view about that. I mean, absolutely zip-ty doodon nothing. Zero. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, fine. Hello. Hey, Pancino, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. The first of all. Two aside, again, sir. I'm doing a radio show in Miami. I'm two aside, again. Listen, thanks for the fine card. My daughter brought me back from the pizza loft. It's a Buffon Gula, too, yeah. And also, I see you on the show last night with the hat. Mm-hmm. And I agree with the color before. If you wouldn't have said anything about it, I wouldn't. I would have thought it looked like linguine stuck in some mariners though. That's what it is. Don't tell them about that over there, but that's what you would. I knew it. By the way, I bought it from Belonia. At the other day, I got a letter in the mail from Jessie. My God, Helms. Four-page letter in there, stating about what they're teaching our children in college about the gay rights. Right, there you go. Not the homosexuals, that's right. You'll imagine that old bastard sending this out with our money. I'm writing him back. And he will take power, she will. Yeah, it's ridiculous. But anyway, Sandy, at least that you are both too special. Okay, pal. Thank you. Bungerno. Okay, we have an open line in the Brow 2 a day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, the only 18, 2 wireless line. Here's Bokka, hello. Bokka. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, what's going on? Not much, pal. Well, I'll tell you another one of these horrendous, gross case games, man. What is it? Tina's gay. I'm tired of hearing about it. But I got a little story to tell you here. I was working at a basically a Christian school, and I had put myself into a rehab center due to alcohol and enormous amounts of drugs that I was using. Yeah. And I got out of the rehab about a month and a half ago, and basically I had lost my job due to the low-de-Christians of Carl Springs. Yeah. And I tell you, I live in Bokka now, and through that program I was in, when he was on every day. It was in Del Rey. And that kept me through and kept me alive through. I mean, it really made me happy to watch that show. And I come back home and I can't see it. For 36 dollars a month here in Bokka, I can't see where me. You know? So it's a little upsetting. And I wanted to see maybe if you know anything or when they're going to get it out. It's not a solid instrument. It's not on the cable and Palm Beach. It's not going to be on there. It's not a Palm Beach County station. Really? When you wait near, I want to tell you, keep me alive. Every day, you're on. No matter what station you go to, you're on my body. Okay. I'm going to try X on next week. I'm trying to write that out. I'm trying X on next week. Maybe Amico, the week after that. Gotta be better than this. We got two open lines in day, two open lines in Broward. Any interest out there today. All of a sudden, in the middle of the week, it's like the catch got there tongue. Why? And God's name did I get whipped up about this. Why did I allow myself to get hysterical over some pud wacker over there from Israel that has no concept of what it's all about? Who's fantasizing in himself and believing that there are people actually watching that station. Which this is proof. I mean, if this audience isn't watching that show, then what's the chance that anybody else is watching another scale of zero, I would say minus infinity. And it's basically been that way since it went on here back in June. Sit on June one. That's exactly the way it's been. They don't give a crap about that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, God. My life is just flashing me for my eyes. What's it, today? The 14? Pomp and a perfect backpack. Where does it go? Do a lot of hard. Well, we need to do the most. We're just wandering off into space somewhere. I might not see the door. Me guy any minute. Yeah. We're on a hillbob comment. We don't even know it. We got to pivot. Just kind of do it yourself like. One call left in a bar, and then it's Moton. Baby, thanks to Tracy Nealy. I've made my show today. Sweetheart, I'm going to need it today. Little bit of our realize when I sat down here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's our last call, highly, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. First time calling. All right. You're good. They got right in. I finally called butt-packed in the last night. Yeah. He was on Charlie Road. He has everything you've got. I've talked about. Tony, total funny. Total BS. Another religious pseudo religious hypocrite. Oh, no. Nothing about broadcast. They got a Schluck-myster. Why did they buy a channel like 45 or something? Whether these guys are Benny Hens channel. No, because that's too hard to make the money under. You got to get under your tail. He likes just putting the Schluck on. He doesn't want to spend the money to put those preachers on. I couldn't believe Charlie Road is interviewing Pop there. He was slacking some of a God book. Yeah. He was telling Charlie Road. Oh, yeah. My wife left me and I went to a motel and I'm to get him in Bible. Oh, I was born again. Can you talk about his former stripper wife? Did he mention that? Did he say, oh God, that was good. And that's what turned him on to religion. Now he says, oh, I've got God in my business. God runs my business. God in his bed. Yeah. It's all over the workplace. Biggest temper quit. I've ever met in this business in my life. And I've met a lot of them. But he's the biggest. I couldn't believe it. I could believe it. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm fed that made your life. Okay. Congratulations. Here's a guy that's a buddy. Oh, it's better than seeing the Virgin Mary in the Georgia. I'll tell you that in the connier's Georgia. Two open lines. Six. We are going to plead. We are going to plead. We are going to squeeze. We are going to pull. We are going to get out of tweezers. Is what we're going to do. We're going to tweez it today. I mean, I have never been in my seriously. This is the honest goodness truth. And this is even going back to KAT when we had only a bunch of dead people listening on a beach. I've never been involved with anything in my life, rather than this TV thing, that where there was so little interest. I mean, this show we might as well put dead air on there for half hour of midnight and get the same amount of interest. And I'm getting myself all worked up and all agitated. And for what? For what? It's like the guy said it's a piece of crap and I'll leave it at that. Let's set the better. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's Miami. Hello. That's pretty nice. Okay. Nice. Go on. She at the track. She at the dog track. Or they close the down. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. If your family is like like salah in their house, I mean, gonna take care of someone. If you have a house, you might don't take care of a house, I mean, if you have a house, you might forgive me. And do not know if you have to do well because today is not that big of a place you can be to stop smoking out. Obviously, we must do the same things. Otherwise, you're knocking at a persistent moment. Otherwise, you have to feel that like you drinking? Alright. You're a who? I love the handle park over there. You hear all the complaints about it. That's not because they don't have room for parking. Nobody wants to drive up to POPPER to go to the ball game. The location isn't the problem. The problem is that there was planned poorly by some idiots. Oh, probably the problem is planned better. They took all those big, big, big, big out of here. What have been planned better up there? POPPERO, right. As long as Wayne was behind it, would make any difference. Would they put it on your rainous pal? Would make any difference? Don't you understand? Yeah, let's pick it up physically and move the whole arena to POPPERO. There'll be a lot better than the seats will automatically widen themselves and the campers will be happy out there. That's what we had to response here on Monday. All bitch radio about your seats are two-nero and the newer rainous sucks even though it looks really great to the naked eye. But other than that, it blows. Just one after another was like doing vire where the messier on Monday. Bitch, bitch, bitch. You know, just beautiful. Here's a mobile-in-for-laterdale. Hello. Nice segue. Exactly what I wanted to talk to you about. What's that? The arena, uh, went, uh, took my fiance to see Celine Dion up there. Yeah. When are you going for your first talking game? I've already been for my first talking game. And the traffic was not a problem. Well, but that was an exhibition game. The first game I'll be a week from the night is the next time again. There's a crappy schedule. I only play one game in Buffalo between now and in. But the first home game I'm going to see is the LA Kings. That's Wednesday. Well, you won't talk about. Why am I anymore? You won't talk about the add-kins anymore. That's all you can be able to talk about. It is most unbelievable. So, so many of our, are you, are you saying that would you think, since you're the only caller I got on there, take all the time you want? But are you saying to me that the only thing we're going to talk about on his show from now on is about how the parking sucks and it's impossible to get there. And the seats are too narrow and that's going to be a radio show. That's going to be the lift of my life. Absolutely. And won't, okay. You can get them to start serving light beer and salad within the C-122 on their own. Yeah. And, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and I, I thought that they had all these, uh, you know, when I went in there for the tour of the place when a joint was empty, they gave the visual appearance to me that they had all these food stands. Coming to find out there's only four food courts in a whole damn place, which is gigantic. And at the lines are our long and that people can't get their respective food, et cetera. And again, I'd like to talk about this for, from now until the next four, four and a half years, let's venture about the arena. So, find what me. There you go. But, uh, so how was the lean, the on you couldn't get in there and you couldn't get out? Is that what you're saying? That, yeah, that was a problem. I, uh, I'm not going to give away my seat, but, uh, as far as getting into the parking, but getting out was the most unbelievable, uh, it's beyond work. Yeah. You, you, you, you, you, you, it's going to blow your mind. Yeah, but, too, you get that little diagram they made up that's got all the arrows going, uh, all different directions and back at each other when across and upside down and get it that one. Exactly. We were just want, you know, it would go like we were snaking around the parking lot, no one had any, any direction, you know, and they was just, uh, people, uh, uh, tempers were flaring, but then it got to a point where we saw ludicrous, uh, after an hour and a half, sitting in the parking lot, it was funny. Okay, well, we'll run an out of gas. I'm glad you had a good time. Okay. We're going to be doing this for let's see. What month is it now? Have a great day, pal. There you go. That's our subject, baby. Pickin' up where we left off on Monday. Let's get another 4,500 calls today. That's pretty entertaining to me. All the parking sucks. They didn't build them up parking spots and the seats are too narrow and Wayne blows. That's a bulletin. Come on, let's hear it. 6, 7, we're doing anybody that had a good time there. No. I think we had two or three on Monday out of the entire group that we had about the 40,000 calls we had on Monday. We had two or three people saying, hey, we had no complaints. We had a good time. We got there early, et cetera. Like I said, if you get there 10 o'clock at the morning, there's no problem. And if you leave like about three hours after the game has gone and that pain in the ass crowd is cleared out, no problem at all. Oh, Captain Singh, here you go. What we need him the most. I'm going to the Hawaii, you know. Okay, how you doing? Oh, yeah, where you been? Just got back on Toronto. Yeah. Amazing. Don't tell you are absolutely correct about you. You go to 11 at night. You know, that's right. You need to be on the years in Toronto. So where people know something about life or they know something about hockey, where they know something about the got something to say, where people are friendly and conversant, not like these anti-social bans. You said, I got to prick these people every day. I got a problem with a cattle prod every day of my life. And I did go into Maple Leaf rain after the first time. Yeah. It's all the rap through the championship. I think the rap is amazing looking arena. Oh, it's great. I've got to have a good memory when they stop playing an airman. Yeah. I got a couple of back to Smarties from back Toronto. Well, what more do I want? You want more? Can you walk? Hey, did this for you? I remember you like Smarties, but you called over. Oh, no, not for me. No Smarties over here. You eat them, Captain Singh. No candy for this kid. Thank you. Has it, yes, yes. Okay. Thanks a lot. Glad you had a great time at Toronto. There you go. That's a real city with real people. Good for lines. Good. How about those Maple Leafs, by the way, last time. Please, three Edmonton, too. That's what you're saying. Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. Talk about that. I'm reading Danny D. He's got instructions here. Jeff Bush is an asshole, okay? There you go. We saw that problem. Go for Jeff Bush. Okay. Okay. That's all taken, Kira. Come on. What are you laughing about? That's all. Got a bunch of right wing assholes. The roller was on air last night talking about this whole thing. Which can start and you will about the monica deal before we set up. When they started their investigation seriously, before they were given permission to do it. And Yadiyada Yadiyada said it went so on. Does anybody care about that? No, of course not. We're over saturated with that already. I don't know about you, but I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to know from it. Two open lines in Dave County. Let's get these phones blazing today. Okay, with people, I really have something to say to. Do we have any of them? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Are they fired up about freedom of speech? No. No. About the laws in this country? No. No. But they want some free crap? Here is a key largo, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, you doing fine? Hi, you're doing crap, yadiyada. I'm doing great. I'm going to do fine. Hey, wait. It couldn't call you yesterday. And I wanted to mention something you guys were talking about. By the way, I showed you what you should last night. Yeah. And it looked like whoever edited the thing did everything they could do. Not to actually get a good picture of that car. I don't agree. And it's all being brought down by the work of the insurance company. But that way, if you're sitting in a desk and a light picture falls on your head, yeah, if you prove so positive in the blood test, that the hospital that you had cannabis, yeah, your system. You know, that's the knife. Can't have dropped the pills on a forecar. You'll slip and fall there. Well, you'll see. You baked a banana peel. Right. That's true. But it's the whole thing is. Isn't this great? And any else, something, these people in this country are so easily conditioned that it's terrifying. And conditioned them just like a bunch of sheep like lemons to do virtually anything. Well, pretty soon, you know, they'll all be wearing little black uniforms with a white piping. You know, there you go. Just like these parents who think it's a great idea to have their kids wear uniforms to school. Every time I've opened my mouth about that on a year, but it is, oh, you're wrong. It's a, yeah. Who are looking at this such a thing? Hitler liked that idea. Look at all the little Japanese kids when they show progress from Japan, all the kids going to school. Yeah, look at that. That's right. That's right. They're getting paid back. And that's a very, yes, in two or five years over there, too. Anyway, of course, we're going to go pee and that cup. Two upper lines and date one and a. Broward five, six, two. We got the ball game, the Padre's and the Braves at five o'clock. Boats to wrap to the kitchen. You know, I got all these great Motown legends CDs that Tracy sent over nice little boxes morning. Thank you for your box, Tracy. And I thought to myself, God, I could give these away, but on secondhand, these are so good. I'm keeping it in myself. It's what I'm going to do. Oh, and I am. And of course, I realize you guys are out of material. You need to be good. So why don't I should I keep pressuring these people and putting pressure, call and say something. Talk about this, talk about, why should I do that? That's not fair. So let's sit back and enjoy some great Motown. Everybody loves Motown. Old parts like Meal of Motown. Young people who weren't even born yet when this stuff was hit. They love Motown. Four thousand sense of nudging this audience for life is too short. Life is too short. They didn't care about the fact that was being censored. They didn't care about the stupid postcard about the whammy show. They don't give a crap about any of this stuff. So let's sit back and entertain. I mean, this station was great back in the old days. QAM, but it was a rock station. You know what goes around comes around. Let's go back and play some great music. Thank you, Tracy. And you leave God bless you, sweetheart. Twenty-two loon at five, sixty WQM. All hit radio, baby. We're moving to clockback. Way ahead. Snaps is fingering. They all fall down. That's the way the people are in this country. Like a bunch of goddamn lemons. Like a bunch of sheep. Oh, but you don't understand. This is very bad for you. Simon says this and Uncle Sam says that. Yeah, right. The stuff that's really bad for you. The stuff that's killing people every day. Like most of the food that you buy in a supermarket. That's okay. That's fine. And spread to the fact we got all these people dying from every guy to end disease that's ever been invented. And some we haven't figured out yet. That's okay. It's good for you. But you're trying to see the backyard in the ground. Oh my God, you're going to jail for ninety-three years. Yadi-adi. Thad don't give a crap. Here's Miami. Hello. Happy Wednesday, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah, I caught a few weeks ago regarding the Yankees. Are we running? Who? The Yankees? Who's that? The Yankees? New York. The Yankees are coming, y'all. Yeah. You know, I'm going to come and say why should we have to play up? And? Did it work? Did it work? Did it work? No, you didn't prove you pointed. It was pretty exciting. Some pretty exciting games in there. Plus they played in the rain for a while and got in the morning. You're good out of here. Didn't I prove my point? We might have a blog game. You know who cares? Okay. I hope the brave's or Sandy. You go. I hope they sweep the Yankees in four or three. I'm so sick and tired of the stink and Yankees already. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. And the bad on par. I'm par. How are you doing this morning? Neil, uh, a guy called up or he said a fact. Then he said he wanted more news. He didn't say more news. He sees Tony what I ought to be talking about. I ought to be talking about Jeff Bush and about Monica Gap and the right wing conspiracy. They bloodless coup. I've already talked about those things till I'm blue in the face. There's no response. What else should I keep sitting here repeating the same thing? I'm not going to change the world. This guy. What happens with the news in the morning? Is he going to have to say, what can I just start today? Yeah. I'm going to start out as far as Bush is concerned in Micae when I walked my dog in the morning. He gave she ring mortals. Both of those guys put together and probably what she leaves on a ground. It's got more personality than Buddy Micae, I'll guarantee you that. Exactly. And then with Buddy Micae couldn't win a fixed election. Okay. It's a dead man in a suit is what Buddy Micae is. That's the best that anocratic party can come up with. It's a Florida to save us from right wing extremism from fascism. Is this dead man in a suit? So I'll tell that. That's what to my talking about. I didn't think him to be the go to candidate. The best part of Florida is the Bush gets in up there. You tied in so tight Miami was the Latin fact. Those are the guys that gave us the banana. We're a public that when they get finished, we're going to have the banana. We're a public statewide. Well, maybe bananas will be too full. That was great thing. Opeline and day one and brodered 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's you or Motown, baby. That question today is that the audience is at Motown. I'm in a town. I'm in a town myself. I'm in tremendously. See, the Senate part about Motown. And I lived in Michigan and spent a lot of time in Detroit during those great 60s. God, there was nothing like being young and getting in your car and it's so forward to the John Lodge Expressway Detroit and drive it like 90 miles an hour. And crank it up W.S.Y.Z or C.K.L. W.D. Or, or Z yet or or King or 13. And listening to Motown, all the other great music, most of which was Motown. And, you know, West Grand Boulevard Detroit, those were the days. The only problem is the black people didn't listen to Motown. They had their own music. They had their own stations. They had the Martha Jean Equine. Go back in your house and take babies. That's what she was screaming during the 67 miles in Detroit. Go back in your house and make babies and they did, damn it. Man, a lot of them. But the black people never accepted Motown. They said that that was music by black artists for white people. Which I don't understand that. How can you have greater performers than smoky Robinson in people? Oh, that's not black folk music. That's black guys swimming for white people. I don't get it. Somebody, if you haven't explained that to me because I don't know anybody is love Motown. I say, if you don't like Motown, you're a communist. There you go. How about the specs? Do they like Motown? Absolutely. I'm not talking about you. What? No, I'm not seeing you're not your garden variety. I'm talking about those all those Julios out there. All the ones that you always alleged are really listening. And I'm sure that they're not. They don't like that. They like Ho Chi-Kootla. That's what they like. And Ho Chi-Kootla. Right. And Rikki is great. I'm worried. I like it. I like it all right. They like it. I like it. I'm looking at it right now. And Rikki, I like it. He's got his hands in deep in his pockets. Feelin' the change. What he got in there in Rikki, AmeriCorps wants to know. Tell us, why do you always feel compelled to knock him? Because you would like to look like him, is that what it is? You only wish they tell us. You only wish that you could look like him? Okay, that's okay. Fine. Me too. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. First of all, great show and great music. Great music. I got the one thing about me, man. I got the best musical taste of this studio. That's you, dude. First I'm in here alone, but anyway. Okay. I got a camera, cannabis will store for you. Yes, sir? Not too long ago, I applied for a position that a certain place apartment. Yeah, it's where it aid help and everything, right? I go through everything everything goes through a fine, fine college. And I spoke to one of the officers and he told me, he asked me about things in my background and I told them that. It's in cannabis and stuff like that. And he told me, you know, make sure it's a while ago back in high school, type days. Well, I took the polygraph test and I decided to tell the truth because, you know, you never swim in there. Right. So, the ask me about that and I told them, you know, it's been over a year and a half. I thought you just would across your fingers without a been okay. I wish, I told them over a year and a half ago that I did try to do everything right. And then a couple weeks later, I get phone call and I tell me I was disqualified. And they said the qualifying board does not accept people who have tried any type of drugs beyond high school. And I'm here thinking, I'm like, what cool, I mean, I'm going to, you know, I don't do it all the time. I've just done it that, you know, one time and everything. And passing and here I am. And then now I don't have to have the job. I'm still stuck at this little piece of junk job that I have now. Because you smoked weed one time. Yeah. When you were hold? 23 years old, this is a guy that smoked it joint just a little pin joint. He sat down with clearance Thomas. They shared a little tiny pin joint. He left a little teeny tiny roach and he actually ran his car and now this guy can't get the job. And welcome to America, sir. Welcome to a real-enhanced, backwards back as place. And I didn't understand it either because you know, I was arguing with this lady and then she told me about that. And then she told me, I told her, I'm not a thing. You know, I know and no one's out there is the same. You know, soliciting prostitution or blow jobs and stuff like that. Right. And I don't get it. You know, she's something that really... Well, they do. Yeah, they properly do. But I just thought I should bring that to your attention because you did speak about being in a police city. You know, she stayed. It's a police station, make no mistake about it. And the American public 90% of Marseau still but they're conditioned to accept it. Like this is the way life is supposed to be in a goddamn police state where they can tell you what you can grow in your backyard. Well, man, if you do the wrong thing, they got to the world. For example, your kids are going to work out your house and your car and your first born kid and whatever else you got. Well, this is a great place. I've heard people out there, they're growing on the pipeline, on their way out there before. And they're employed with the same department. So, my... that doesn't make any sense. You know, so, say I am still the same... You know, well, I guess they taught you pal. I guess they conditioned you to living in a mirror. Dr. Budigan. Thanks again. Good luck to you. You'll need it. They taught him a lot of things. Well, you could hear. They taught him a lesson or two, baby. He won't be doing that no more, you know what I'm saying? 1157, we have an open line in Broward, two and day. It's the listeners or the music, which is that's your choice. You have happy wins, they too. We're having a great time here today, anybody believe that? Open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Let's talk every day about the crappy parking of an air theory, not how the seats are two and a row. Let's talk every day about Monica Gate. Let's talk every single day of my life about how Jim Bush is a fascist anti-human anti-evolution. Everything got a person and he's going to win a governor thinking in a landslide. This Danny D from a Carolina Mountain Water this chronic facts you're up there about your teramide guts, baby. Just like which was the movie that they reached in and pulled a heart out what the hell was that in? Let's remember that? One of those sci-fi movies, which one was that alien? Oh, alien. Yeah, when they reach this, like reach it and grabbing and plucking my heart right out of my chest, that's what you did Danny D or whatever your real name is up there at Carolina Mountain Water. You chronic facts for you. You're worth an anti-evolution, Mitch put together. How do you like that? That's a hell of an indictment. I don't have any you ever looked at those at the, what do you call that? Like the address where the facts has come from. The other header. Well, don't say that. On the top of the facts is any of the unalotuses is like basically four or five that the one carpet place, what the hell is the, you know what I'm talking about? In Miramar somewhere? Because it's like the phone calls. We got seven people out there who do different voices who do all the phone calls and we got three or four people who do the facts. There's a mobile and poor lottery, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I'm just calling to vent a little bit here. Correct. I want to make all the time you want, pal. Take two three all. I'm having one of my insomnia attacks last night. So I'm up at three thirty in the morning and one in Amy or Discovery Channel, whichever one it was. And they're having a special about this Russian scientist who's defected to the United States and he's now coming to the right how the Russians have cheated on every biological weaponry treaty that has ever been signed. And he's going on and on about how these Russian scientists are leaving and they're joining the parents' groups now and now they're trying to come up with this super bomb or something like there won't be any cure for. And I didn't start to think about all these politicians that are so desperate to earn their paycheck. They're sitting there insisting and talking about this president Clinton stuff. And I'm not a Clinton supporter. But when I sit back and I hear stuff like this and I think about the money we're spending, I'm just nonsense and hear about what's going on in the real world and how these guys are so preoccupied with this ridiculous stuff. I haven't just calling to say, I want you to systematically take out these heroes and just destroy them one by one because I'm just frustrated beyond the word. When I hear about what's going on in the world and now these guys are able to hide. Now let's back up again. You want me to pick out the zeros and systematically destroy them one by one. Well, what does that mean? Well, I can't even get to be real busy. You know, I just want to hear these guys. Like, I thought some little porter on there would go out and put, oh, he's so shocked. You know, reading his reports and he shocked and appalled and all this other stuff. We talked about that Robert Barre from Georgia, the one little mustache that looks like Hitler in the glasses. I believe that. He's in my like poison, yeah. Yeah, I believe that's him. I try not to look at the name. And he's from Aintree. I just, I don't know how to get him to die. He's why I got it. Was up in the woods and deliverance with that baby. Yes. I'm just wondering, how is it possible that these guys can hide for so long justifying their salary with this nonsense. Wow, out in the real world. I mean, President Clinton, the poor guy, he must know things that will never know. He, you know, he must know things that will never find out about it. And it just, you know, be a humbany. And I just, we'll just work like that. Yeah. OK, thanks, Palin and Tom Down. OK, we have an open line of day two of Broward. 5605, 50, Pomp5, 50. This guy's pissed off. It's off. It's fired up when I hear someone say that. He's had it. He wants me to systematically identify these zeros and destroy them one by one. OK. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We're destroying them like a whole bunch of the time, baby. Oh, there's another one. Oh. Oh. 5605, 60, and Pomp5, 60 on a mobile one line. Come on. Let's get one that I got lots of music cranked up here. Maybe thanks to my friend Tracy Neely. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good to see you. Yes, sir. Are you doing happy M. F. N. Where does he? Uh-huh. Are you doing? Another shot in my head today with this audience. Another, another gut wrencher. F. R. I. Anything undone? No. It's a little bit like a misleader. Anything over. It's a felony. And after that, they put on intensity. Sure. You are hard. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Well, how about plants? Is there a number of plants? Like this guy in Oklahoma's on a red about yesterday. He got 93 years because he had over X number of plants. And so they give you time. And then they charge you based on the number of plants you're growing. Sure. Yeah, I'm serious. And California, I mean, they're doing that medical that medical purpose. Right. What a problem. Yeah, a pound in the hands. For medical purpose. They're pounded at, yeah. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. I think it's a pleasure to concern it. I think anything over 20. But you're going to do it. 20 plants. And you go to the electric chair. All right. I'm sorry. But they're working criminal justice. And by the way, O.J. is feeling pretty good today and have a great day. He's out there playing golf. Here's a guy. Chil-su people in cold blood. He's walked in a round. He's playing golf. He's having a good time. He's not paying one single solitary dime to the goldman's or grounds or anybody else. But if you got about 21 plants in your backyard, you're dead, baby. You're going to jail for 99 years and plus some. Or either just stick your ass in the electric chair because we can't afford to pay that 30 grand a year to keep your ass alive. That's America. You know, that's the way that's our priorities in this country, man. That's the America's fucking way. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. I love that tape of that tape. Good wine. She'll be the best. She's my favorite. You know, you told me I would have fashioned my tape just becoming. And I saw it's coined with that 100,000 cops thing. It scares the hell out of me. The idea of federally controlled local cops. Look what he did. Have you noticed you live in plantation? Have you noticed the police have gone for more brown to wearing blue uniforms? Yeah. OK. That's in accordance with a law they passed with a day of highway patrol. I don't like the brown shirt. So I give you real nervous. Well, all of the police officers and all of the currency, they've got lesser department below 20 people. Must comply with the uniform code where they lose their highway money through the highway funding. Yeah. Also, so what's the significance of that? What is that? The significance of it is now he wants school teachers to have 100,000 them out there. And then he's going to try to control the curriculum. Not a bad idea when you got a Democrat. How is he going to do that? Simple. How is he going to control the curriculum? Where are you coming up with this? Are you hoping to bad-wee? Did you just make a purchase? I'll make a purchase over here in our neighborhood. You're going to have $100,000 copy. Give it the bunch out of my way, money. Yeah. Another way if we have more key to that said that. Third way. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. OK. We have an open line of browser. If I saw other words, Bill Clinton's the bad guy because he wants 100,000 more teachers. There you go. Thank you. God bless you, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. He made a lot of sense, didn't he? No. And the pump 560 on the mobile one line. What is that man talking about? I think this guy's been hanging out with too many brown shirts if he asked me. I'll tell you the definition of the word. I'm not a good talker. Look in graduations, get a life. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm a good talker. I'm serious. I should start getting all hot up on speed. Good for your diet too, by the way, until your crook. That's what I ought to do. Get worked up to a friend's. I should start taking helium like I used to. A deligildy. Talking like that bitch up there in Georgia yesterday. Would have urged in Mary. And the Virgin Mary says, be sure and do this in White Clean. And whatever it helps you was talking about. Man, oh, man is shivets. Oh, here's the guy with the eyes. Hello, me, yo. Yes? It's not me. Got a very scary story about Jeff Bush. Yeah. I went to the game. The FFSU games. And he's early to work with. I can't hear your fading out. Is it a cheap phone? Yeah, blah. Sort of. I'm, did you hear it the part about Jeff Bush? About what? Yeah. I ran into him and I went up and pretended like I was one of those right wing religious fanatics. Yeah. And I asked him, you know, he's going to get rid of, uh, adult clubs and for an opera fee. And of course, he came back and he's jobin' going to do everything. And my power to get rid of every one of them. There you go. Oh, that'll club. And, uh, and basically, I do, why don't you put that in your speeches? I'm sure you get a lot of votes and he gave me a real funny luck. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Let's hear it for the guy with the eyes. Okay. Get new phone, Ken. See, he's not that bad. I look, you, if I accomplish that, I don't know. I can't get anybody to watch the guy that TV show, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm reforming this guy. This guy got in with the wrong crowd. That's all. He got in with the wrong crowd. He got in with the wrong crowd. He got in with the Gilbert. And I can't block with his chili, your speech, defect. That's what he got in with. And I've reformed him single handedly on your own kipperie at some kind of enlightenment. He woke up and said, They'll come. And then they're like, you know, we need colors on his show desperately. I'm sitting here dying the last three weeks. I see my whole life flashing me for my eyes. The market's gone in a crapper. I used to be worth about $45 billion. Now I can't get two nickels to rub together. Because the markets go into the crapper. The world markets are going to hell in a hand basket. And those japs over there, oh, well, they finally did something. Yeah, great. Congratulations. We should make another offer. They can't refuse. We should, you know, Clinton ought to just pick up the bat phone. Get on there with that damn Japanese prime minister, whichever one they got into this week. And say, hey, by the way, remember Nagasaki and Hiroshima? Click. That's all. You would see those little slanty eyed bastards running around like a son of a bitch. All that banking problem all those, uh, phony baloney loans. And all that bullcraft straightened out in a hurry. I'll guarantee you that right now. Call again about an hour later. Hey, does this ring a bell? Mushroom cloud? Click. There you go. Straighten those little bastards out in there in a heartbeat. No wonder Bush was puking over there and had sushi when he went over there. He knew something was in the wind. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Go ask away. Okay. I'm going to Italy in about a month or so. Yeah. And I just want you to view a very confident know that there's no mafia in Italy. Okay. It's just a communist plot. There's no such thing. It's just a problem. It is anti-digo plot. I got this. But basically, what do you suggest? Um, anti-traumera. Do I say, which airline? Yeah. Oh, alitair. Okay. And I'm a, and I'm an alitair in a new phone. They got good phones on alitair too. By the way, call us from that one. What happened to the quality of our phones? And by the way, just, uh, somebody, there's something going on with his phones, baby. All of a sudden, Brower just does that happen. A whole Brower bank cut cut out there. Somebody's dealing with our phone. Is there anybody, let me ask you this question. Do we have a program director on this radio station anymore? Does anybody know anybody seen him? No. Do we have a sales manager who's involved with us in our center? No. He's helping set up these appearances and help them make this thing a success? No. I mean, it's one thing to just put this whole operation on automatic pilot and just turn it loose. But it's another thing to have a little bit of a commitment and a little bit of involvement and a little bit of assistance, which I don't see anything going on and is joined here at QAM. Absolutely positively unbelievable. God only knows what the hell these people are doing in their spare time. And that makes up maybe each other, I think, is what's going on. Two open lines in Brower, five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six in the mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I got two things. With all this controversy, with the media, with a Ken Star and the Clinton thing. Can you imagine the media of today investigating the assassination of Kennedy? We would have found out who actually did Kennedy in. Oh, yeah, we would have found out it was Jack Spratt right. They would have probably told us what our crunk I did to get out of here, sir. We have an open line in day one in Brower at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in Pomp 5, 60 in a mobile one line. I thought he was going to say can you imagine a media of today investigating JFK sex life? That would have been the interesting part. And if it was anybody's business, all I hear is Judith Campbell. Luxener here's Marilyn Monroe. Here's a bunch of hookers. See, like I've told you before, at least the Kennedy's, they brought professionals in. They brought professional sluts in, not some starry eye crazy young bitch. Like this Monica slut with the presidential knee pads, that was the mistake. Not getting a few good blow jobs on the side or even media ochre ones. That was the mistake. The mistake was messing around with an unknown quantity and getting some starry eye bitch who was in love with the president and all the other baloney. Who was just a puppet of this Lucien Goldberg and Linda Tripp and Kenneth Star and all these other right wing Nazi bastards. Turn on Harald O' there and CNBC later night if he was there up that late. He's the one that's right on top of this crap. He had a great show last night. I got up in the middle of the night to see if the Leafs won last night, which they did by the way. I'll see you in the final score. And I flipped over to CNBC and there was Harald O' he's going on his whole list of things. Just I'm going to scandal is going on here. The media talking about this stuff. No, of course not. They knew days ahead of time before he was authorized before January. We know authorized him to extend his investigation because they had come to a total dead end and all the other white watercraft. And he got a tip from this one who got a tip from that one. All these right wing lawyers right on down the line from Lucien Goldberg and Paula Jones lawyers right to Kenneth Star. And other ones that hooked him up with Linda Tripp. These before he was authorized even to get an investigation and they thought, oh great. Now we got something to sync our goddamn right wing teeth and do. But as a mainstream media want to tell you about this, no, of course not. Here's a mobile in the Gabel. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing Neil? I'm okay. Listen, I'm a big fan. I mean, I don't know why you don't get a lot of ratings of the TV show, but I personally I enjoy it. That TV show is a cancer of my life. I was doing great here until I TV show started. I came over to this station. We were kicking big fat bloody ass on his radio station. That TV show started since then. I've become the laughing stock of the universe. They've been associated with that piece of turn. I see like I didn't do on it because maybe I thought the reason why a show that has that format on TV. Maybe that's why the Howard Stern on the TV isn't doing that. Well, either up against Saturday night live. Yeah, but Howard has a visual show. He's got all these all this. But he's going on there. But what I'm saying is when you try to put a radio show televised, do you think it's sort of looser something on the TV? Yeah, unless you do something visual in there. Yeah, but he's not in a digital. But, huh? He's not doing that much visual. He's getting terrible ratings because it's Saturday night live. He's Saturday night live. It's coming. Yeah. So maybe that's what you got to understand. All they're doing, Howard isn't doing a separate show. You know this. All they're doing is televiseding clips from the radio show. People already heard it. Well, once they hear it the first time, why would you want to sit and watch through it again when you know what's going to want? But like I said, in his case, though, at least you see the visual stuff that's going on her back. He had some naked chick on there, the event. This guy that's dying of loopers eating Eminem's and candy offer her ass. You know, the baller at least at something visual, okay. So at least he's getting somebody watching. Listen to me. My show there has been absolutely zero commitment. None. Now, one single solitary dime in enhancing it with anything visual. And then when they came in here, I don't even have room for a guest in here. They knew this wasn't a show like Howard does. We have all kinds of sight gags and stuff going on in here. We couldn't even squeeze out Goldstein and hear where the crowbar he's so big. Much less put him in a chair and feed him lunch and put him on a year. That's a good point. Listen, I just want to leave you with one thing. Why do you think Jewish women like circumcised penises? Yeah. Because they want 20% off of everything. Off the top. Okay. Thanks. Not bad. We have an open line at day five, six, seven, five, six, six, and pump five, six the unimobile one line. Oh, here you go. Another Julio, given us a dissertation on Jews. What are the Julios no about Jews? Do they know a circumcised penis when they see one of those Julios? I think they do. There's nothing like a circumcised Julio. I'll take that right now. 26 after noon at five, 60, W. I got it. I got it. I got it. More manageable, more town right on the edge of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pump five, 60 on the mobile one line. We got Hank from Chulus State 2 from 2 to 5. We got the pod raised in the braids at five of the pod. We got the five of the pod. We got the five of the pod. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Thank you. I have a question for you. I was wanting those that show us the whammy last night. Yeah. You're the one? Yeah. On the one side. And that's the ball here, guys. There's a... He used the word I've never heard of. And I have a pretty decent vocabulary. Maybe you could help with it. Yeah. What is the word on exturgated penis? I looked it up. I mean that it wasn't censored. No, it's just an audition. Yeah. The theory is that's why when how do you know what it meant? It's an auditionary. It is. I looked in web through. I looked in the world hit through dictionary. Yeah. Okay. Well, then there is no such word as on exturgated. Maybe it's just exp... Maybe it's a helly made it up. I know. I can find under exturgated. I can't. I just went away. We talked to your audience with words like that. Why would he talk to my audience in the first place? That's the question. What was he doing on there in the first place? That was totally inappropriate. Like he's going to be on there to debate me, even though my show was on tape. He's going to come on here and debate me. And set up this whole premise about how I'm ripping the ass, but I'm entitled to any wishes me a great life. For some crap like that. I'm going to tell you this when he very... This is the biggest mistake. And I made lots of mistakes over these years. The biggest mistake of my career was getting involved with that piece of turd. I was in that way now. Right. It has been a source of tremendous... Nothing but grief. There is nobody watching it. I can't get any support for it. I go through this whole big song. And for days about this silly postcard thing with a joint song. And I come in this morning. It's like, who cares? Nobody saw it. Nobody knows from it. Nobody wants to know from that place. They're wanting. If you say, when me day one, like you got very, very or something. Well, you're too good for that meal. Have a great day. And it's not an expert, Gatordo. What did you say? On ex-forgated, he wants to show us how brilliant he is this maddie, Leshum Ok, anybody believe it? He's brilliant, he's a genius. He's a bald-headed geek. Now, I was talking to somebody in the... Who's it working to tell him? And he just said, you heard this guy maddie, Leshum and they said, Get out of here! Go for it! That's all. That's the same guy. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560560, and Ponta. I'm serious. It's just E.M.I. guts out. What was the point of all of this George? You and your good friend Marvin Rawman, that I was trying... You remember those days I was trying desperately to ignore all of this? Every time you'd mention it, I would walk away. Because I know, I just knew, every time somebody promises you a shout, you're with a million dollars in her, how many old saying goes, it turns out to be an empty goat's ass, or a purse or something like that. And I kept walking away, don't bother. No, Kirito's f**k. Unbelievable. These people are this radio. We don't have anybody left in a radio audience, because just like, and when Bulkup Ryan is sharpened up to figure it out, then I got real problems. If I'm that stupid, I mean, with all the well-polished people he's a bright guy, he's creative, he's depressing, he's got bad shoe black on his hair. But nonetheless, when he has to start giving me lessons, this is the guy that used to walk around watching Rick Riley, running around the house and his underwear, while he mode is long. That's right. You said the mole I see in the morgue can't stand him, that's what he used to say. And this guy says, that is killing you, baby. That's the end of your life, the end of your career. And we watched it happen right here, front of my eyes, running this phone. We watched a law of diminishing return here. My audience is banished. They've run. I had a build up to a fever frenzy with a fish food. With whatever we were doing on this show, even though it doesn't please Danny up there, it is Caroline, I'm out in water. And by the way, I prefer so late, because it's great, and it's from Italy, and it's pretty free. How do you like that, Danny, D? I wonder what the D stands for, huh? And I got sucked into this deal in Marvin Romain, who, quite frankly, if I ever see him again, it will be much too soon. No matter when it is, if it's 100 years from now, it'll still be much too soon. A guy who's sandbagged, he was producing my show. He was sandbagging me right on here, and you've got the hoods, but I bring that asshole in here. Marvin, the Romain, who's producing the D-Fo show winner, is there a TV station in this market that D-Fo doesn't have a show on? No. The dog track, the horse track, the tennis thing, and more power to him, he's got a 48 jobs to make a little better. I understand, we all got to scratch our way through somehow. Gotta keep that wife happy. What do you like, what do you smell when it's smoking? I mean, cost a lot of money to keep your wife happy, and I got sucked into this, and I apologize to myself. That's why upon nobody else, I apologize to me, but I got sucked into a bunch of bush league horse crap with an operation that's the investment, even inside Burya, where they didn't even have television. They're laughing at that thing. If she forget about Unexpergated, just look up the word whammy in the dictionary, okay, WHA, M-M-Y, and that's what I gave myself, what I got involved with this piece of turd. And the proof is in the pudding, baby, I'm coming. If we had anybody from this audience watching that show, it's part of these people alive. Remember all the people who had the Nielsen meters have that allegedly? Did that help? No, it was a true, no. No, full of crap. I think they got a Nielsen meter stuck inside their window. That's what they got a Nielsen meter. Oh yeah, we're gonna turn it on and leave it on to you, right? It sucks it, blows it to piece of crap. That falls into geek over there, it's got to be brave. He takes that thing off immediately if not sooner. But we'll continue to take the money every week. Thank you, just have the aggravation sake. What they've done to me. 175 years have invested in this guy damn business. And one is Rayleigh. Put it right, put it right on a business. One is Rayleigh, and a goddamn informal producer who couldn't get out of bed at 10 o'clock in the morning to come in and produce the show on time. Not a show in the morning at six o'clock, but a show that started 10 o'clock in the morning, and this guy couldn't show up on time. And when he did finally show up, he sandbagged the show. On, freaking believable. Because you got the illusions of grander. Take a look around you here, George. Take a look at your surroundings. Take a look for the wind. Take a look at sand the shamp. Look at the tremendous commitment they've made to assist us on this radio show. All we got is a law with a bunch of spots on it. That's all we got. Do we ever see it? Grand Reed comes down here and smooths us around for about 30 seconds and tell me he's working on budgets. And looks to you in the last because he knows you're going to have that bonus yet. And that's it. It's called Light in a vacuum. That's what we deteriorated into here at 2 AM. Light in a goddamn total vacuum. You can't even find out she didn't breathe in here anymore. And you got the illusions we're going to do a goddamn television show. How about first we worry about doing a radio show? How about we worry about doing our center one campaign? That because we have no promotions department that really does any work except being involved in the family. We got poor Carol over there at center one making 75,000 phone calls to board. This is the most disorganized you've been doing this for about 100 years. I've been doing these fundraiser. And there have been like little problems along the way. Like when Camelis house decided they were what they didn't like that. That dolphins posted because it was too controversial for them. And they became too good for us. So we said screw you will raise money for somebody to appreciate it and it's going to be so picky about what we celebrate the money. So we've had a little contour tops along the way. But never anything like this. Where we're just kind of like floating along waiting for an answer. Anybody know anything about what's going on there at borders? Law of force towards do we have a total of? Do we have any dates set up and grow to do an apparent? No. But I'm willing to do it. And I do them all for free by the way. Do we have any of them set up? No. Because do we ever see little ant except like passing ships in the night in the hallway when somebody is waiting to get on a broken down elevator down the hall? That's six people got stuck in for an hour last week by the way. This isn't a goddamn radio station. And you're worried about television. We can't even do radio. And you're worried about television. Another seven years of my life. I just counted right through a while I'm talking. Seven years of my life vanished. It's a name of my goddess. What the hell was the end of the day? We go to shore. If you open up on those curtains sooner or later Tracy sends you something good. After about the first 500 crappy curtains of a garbage and nobody would want. It's gone sweetheart. Eight minutes after one at five sixty all music radio WQAM. What do they scream in the hallway? Are they having a convention of assholes out here in the hallway? Oh. Screaming and yelling and carrying on and gnashing their teeth in a hallway. Listen to that. Apparently there's a Jesuit school taking a tour out there right now. They want you. They say they're really big fans. A Jesuit school? A bunch of Jesus' priests? What are you talking about? Where are they like? We're in Monk outfits. Tires in white shirts. Brwrap sacks? I guess I'll find out. If any of you want them, they're sure noisy a bunch of Jesuits out there in a hallway. God damn it. Eight out. People back in the curtain. I made people laugh and father knows best. This great series is back. Starting a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Stepping to the confession or belief. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this way. Oh Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody can a spanking. Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret. And you've got a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. All right, Billy boy, it's time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make it annoying. Oh, it will, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Saint Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. Now yesterday up there that those crazy people in Connure George are working on. One of the things that the Virgin Mary said that everybody should pick a saint. Pick out a saint that you like. Now how come all the priest picked Saint Peter yesterday? Was that all about? So we have a group of a fine upstanding young men who've been brainwashed and fortunately, but I'll keep that work there way out of it hopefully. From a religious Berlin. Berlin. How do you, how do you do Saint that? They're from Berlin from Berlin, Jesuit school. Now you guys going to be priests? Yeah, they are. This wasn't any of their ideas, they just told me. What do you mean that? Their parents all made them go. They hate to like poison because all the priests are about your fags. Now they didn't say that. I'm just saying that myself. I don't want to get any of these guys in trouble. You don't have any names. We got eight young guys and they're all dressed up in the same by the way. They make you dressed like that of course. Like what a stupid question that is. They're all dressed up like in little uniforms like up. Good bunch of goose stepping a beating Catholics. That's fantastic. And the one guy told me that the father or tool here. What every time he goes to confession he does hear those strange thumping sounds on the other side of the confessional. It just loses borders something. We know that. Great. Well, welcome to the real world, but life is really all about because we know. There's no fact in the church. Here is a landtana. Hello. Neil, God. Yes sir. Are you doing it eight? We got a bunch of kids from Jesuit school in here. Sir, do you think they can get the good education here? I listen to you every day. I'm on the road. I'm in the beer business and things my day off is going to go in. Yeah. Why don't you too much of that anyways? But you watch the leaves came last night. Where was I going to watch that? Huh? Where was I going to see that? What? I don't have to un-uh. It was supposed to be on a small dish, but it was not there. It was on a big dish, the second period.