Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale Presents The Best of Neal Rogers No live calls will be taken today. Neal is on tape. Okay, that tape will be a mini-diss but it's not here. Please don't call. The opinions heard on the Neal Rogers show are those of the hosting callers and do not necessarily reflect a views of these leading acquisitions or the measly broadcast group. It's management or anyone else for that matter. Now remember, this is the best of meal. Do not call. What's the damn pole down? Just relax and enjoy. On 560, you A-O. Can't be that data meat. You got a real cute A-O. Where the bag is. Alright. Alright. Alright. Objection. Both my key sounds. Dressions. Rulling found her way. Didn't say good on time. I got three. The key's inside a mountain. I could use another newspaper too. I think here you are. We're on the grassland. Climb up. Climb up. The car's at you. Flatter. It's great. I have a good impression. A ring from all of us. Good feeling. Dulling from everything. Too much butter. That ring. So, for me. Now every time I stand up. I can write it that I should sit down. I'm hungry. Damn good. I'm hungry. The time that you slatter. I'm hungry. I'll put you on the morning. The other shadow of a dog. And beat that gator meat. 10.03.05.60. WQM happy Wednesday. What is this obsession in a town with college sports? How far would you say it is about 300 miles to gain the value of the land. More than 150 miles. 400 miles to Jacksonville. 300 miles away. The step that's going on here. Does anybody care about that? No. But gains will land. They're obsessed with the gains. Maybe we need to get an education here. Maybe we need to talk to some people. A lot of the gators. I saw a licensed tag. I saw a guy in the house. He's a guy in the house. He's got a specialized license tag. The picture of a gator. No. No. No. No. No. Don't you want to stick your finger. Because every time I see you, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. We want sports. Oh, sign, of course. No, sir. If you don't know the rest of nothing. Get rid of the orages. We want sports. Even though his ratings are like double anybody else on the station, do you realize that, do we get a response on that? Were the attended two numbers are yet? No. Why not? Let's get with it over there. Okay. It's Wednesday. We can sit here and brag about them. How great they are. Like kind of morning drive and afternoon drive. And they bring it in more money, making more money than any other day. Part of let's get rid of you because you don't want to talk sports. And he is basically the one to talk about that. No, it's picking Gatorcraft and seminal crap. And we're going to send the big black guy way. We're going to send him out wide. He's going to run like a mother scratcher. And we're going to throw him to mall. And we're going to score score score. I mean, get serious. Where's your place? So I know that in the course when I do talk sports, there's no response anyway because they talk about a real sport like hockey, which we got the game with the red wings tonight. We got a thousand unsolved tickets for that, including the 500 Panther packs. So please, let's fill that join up. I heard Gordon Murphy on with the worst thing this morning. I was going, Gordon, good guy. Very articulate. So actually said something. But not everything that he would like to see. I'm sure, but not a list. And they had no calls about that. In fact, up until the Gator is a part, they had basically no calls. There were some shorts. They're called it about some dolphin injury. And not Craig Eurson, but somebody else I never heard of. And that was it. Some show. But there wasn't any discussion about the situation with the Whitney, which he may now play on a second line. We understand if he does, you know, who to thank for that. You know, I understand that Terry Murray was having big jogging and movements yesterday during the course of this show. See, they're saying one of those places where you can run and hide because I'm going to expose all the crappy guys they're doing. Even if we get no response to it, like I said, they had no calls about that this morning. And they were going on an on a great length about the benching of Wittney and Staila at about Terry Murray being a hard ass. And they had a great Murphy on there. Did they have one call about that? No, but he had all deep. I was going to do was get out that get out of the yellow. These goat, which I think is the one that Terry and Brian Murray were photographed doing. Get that goat out. And start with that Gator stuff. And here they come one after another after another with one finger in their nostril one and their echo and start with that Gator crab. And here we are in Miami. You know, it's interesting. The one call I did here was to go to set up their on Jamesville radio. They don't talk about their herocones. They talk about the Gators. They talk about what they're doing up there. Fortunately not in the same conference. You know, what what's the a big deal? What's the attraction? But because we have so many people down here who had the misfortune to go to school up there. See, I went to a school where we have a crappy football team. Michigan State. We had a couple of good years. You know, 67 and a couple of good years along the way over the years. But you know, something does anybody really care all that much. No, there's plenty of corruption and plenty of a scandal and plenty of jobs up there. But does anybody really care? No. Went to Michigan State. Whether the team loses or not. We got a great hockey team. But do we care about the fact that our football team sucked? Oh, and then Michigan year in and year out like this year. Almost every year beats this not out of us. We beat Notre Dame this year. There we go. That's our claim. The family don't need to do anything else. But these people that go to school at some college and right away to become obsessed with a football team obsessed like it to be placed about substitute for a life. I don't get it. I don't understand it. That sports talking is tough. Not professional sports college sports. I'm going to tell you something. Maybe we can actually work it down to a meaningful level. We can start talking high school sports. How about junior high sports? How about kindergarten sports? Oh, right. There's a kid over there plays in Miami, high about seven years old. Baby, he's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to be. He's going to run a guy. Then cry and they're going to leave that thing up there. They're going to do a Hail Mary. It's unbelievable. And that it don't just take it's a home to light life. It's amazing to me. The grown people that adults are so obsessed and so and just so full of like psychosis about this like it's important like the future of the world depends on geater football or seminal football or her or her phone football depending on who got the biggest you know, show this year stuff like that. Is that what it really is all about? We've got the biggest pose. Because I'm going to tell you Steve Spirier and Bobby Bowden, you put the two of them together and you still have minus points in the IQ column. Yahoo. Every time I see those guys. Yahoo. That's what comes to mind. I think of the things that are wrong with the state of Florida. Not the things that are nice about it like the weather most of the time. Like those nice pretty palm trees, stuff like that. But I think of the things that are wrong when I see those guys. Like kind of like, yeah, got my finger all the way up to where my brain used to be. In fact, maybe that's what happened. Maybe they had their finger up there so much. Where the brain used to be to kind of like scratch it out. When it out, it kind of fell out. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of. Candies. Candies. Candies. Candies. Candies. So George just had some hysterical lunatic on the phone, which I wish we could have gotten him on the year. We always get those people like in middle of the break. Otherwise, I could punch it up right on the year. Screaming hysterically, which I don't know what he was all been out of shape about. The fact that I discussed sports there for our Mahiparquit. I don't discuss sports. I talk about hockey, which is a level above all the other sports. And a class by itself. How about that game last night? Even though it was a scoreless time, dominant cash, it forced rate shot out over the Rangers. Cashick was great. Rector was great. Unbelievable. Almost of that. Saw the B's are played great last night for the flyers. Beating St. Louis 2 to 1. See, I talk about real sports that real men watch. Okay. Not college football, which is for overgrown children. I mean, how do we talk about college soccer? How about lacrosse? How about college gyro? Huh? College swimming? College diving? That's what Greg Lucena said. Divers do it deeper. That's what he said. Now, look what happened to him. I mean, let's get into the nitty-gritty. That's the problem with this time. You don't hear it like during the Emarlin thing this year. I imagine this yesterday. Is there any intelligent discussion about baseball? Hey, Eddie. You're tickly, Bob. I'm going to win 20 games this year. That's the thing. If we had real sports fan in this town. And by the way, I think, oh, cheaper to go see your ball games in this town than is any place else? Guess you missed that. Didn't notice. People be screaming about this. They didn't have an nervous breakdown. And by the way, the met's only paid $30 million more for the whole deal. And the next highest offer. Smart move their met's. But do we have any comment about that? No. No. They talk about college sports. That's an even what they do talk is Kakka nonsense. My school, Meternior is in D.P. Where do you go to school? You're some kind of a 7-0. Oh, my God. You're some kind of a her-cool. That's not sports talk. That's Kakka. That's baby crap. That's like that. So the notion that I'm the evil one on here. There must be a reason that all these people are tuned in like the guy that was screaming to you. That claims he's going back to changes radio right now. Who listens every single goddamn day. And his listening is I speak right now. But doesn't have the Kakka home to call them speak to me. It wants to be rate you because he's such a macho man. He's probably a goddamn gator if he asked me. And you know something? The gators, the seminals, and the hurricanes. They can all kiss my big fat. Recto and don't give a crap about any of them. Except I do like to see the Hercules lose. I do like that. I'll confess to that. I was very, very sad when they were not. I was shrieking and yelling and screaming at the end of that West Virginia game on Saturday that the afield was wide-rider, wide-left, or wide-sumptun because I couldn't understand what he was saying. Because he was screaming and so God damn loud. It's just what was about something very important which it wasn't. But nevertheless, I do enjoy seeing them lose because number one of the corruption of the program and number two, because of the full. It's a fantom thing in his town. They couldn't even sell out the FSU game with 60% or 80% of the people where there was seminal fan. They couldn't even sell out that game. Could they? No, that's right. But if they should have like one of their glory years again, all of a sudden, then they'll be pack in 80,000 phony out of front-right. This town is great for that, front-running phony. Very big on that. So I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about, thank you. And the response will be just the same, none, Neil. Just like I heard this morning. See, I feel much better about it now. There's only one person on this station that gets phone calls that tank. Have you noticed that? Tank? No, certainly. Hank gets you down and do his three or four minutes or five minutes or whatever and ramble on. And there you go. Here's a Tom and David one after another after another. Now most of them are of course, compulsive gamblers, but nevertheless, I salute Hank to fact that his phones bring off the morning show to they get calls. No, do we get calls in and don't get it? I got a bus, I got a pop a bone. Do you get these bags you talk to? They're out there. Just like that guy that's calling you screaming in the hall. But they're intimidated. See, I'm supposed to be the lympharist in fact. They're supposed to be the macho man. And of course, they're hiding behind the enemy of the telephone, which is, I mean, even less excuse for not having the macho homes to talk to me, but they just can't do it. Can they do it? No. No. I want to hear right now from some people that tell me about Gainesville. What do you give me a look like that? For I've never been to Gainesville. I would like to find out something about them. What kind of a community is it kind of like Lakeland? I've driven through Lakeland. That's a horrible place. I've never driven through Lakeland. But it's a lot like Lakeland. You city, I've driven through, is it like that? Were they of a horse country? A lot of horses asked us running around? You know, it's a college town. A lot of young people running around a lot of bricks, a lot of Ivy on the walls. Ivy? You can go float the edge of the top. Ivy on the walls? Are you making it sound like kind of like Harvard now? Something like that? Like, you leave? It's just a dark middle. A lot of people are drinking. Or maybe a Ivy League school kind of like Brown? No. Oh, I wouldn't know. I couldn't do it. I mean, does anybody learn anything in Gainesville? Is it like a real school? You learn how to drink? Well, do you do that in any school? I'm still waiting in Gainesville. People, five, six, seven, five, sixty. On a mobile one line. We want one person to give us a, before we get anything else here this morning. Because I'm fascinated with the obsession with this gator thing here. I mean, I know that there are people that the animal hoggries are into gators for him. And anybody ever seen any gator coffins? Because I thought I heard a few this morning during the course of the last half hour of that show. Gator droppings. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello, dude. Yes, sir? Hey, I moved on here a few months ago from Houston. Yes? I moved on here during the time when the baseball team was selling out all their star players. Yeah. And I remember you were, you were right in the Raven about that. You were given away your tickets and different things. You were trying to influence anybody cared. Right? But I remember that you were saying that you won again to the players. You were trying to send a message or we should send a message to win high-zinga. My question to you is this, though, now that we've got hockey. Aren't we still supposed to be trying to send a message to him and not supporting the... I've already said that. I'm hockey for me is a way of life. It's more than just the sport. And I don't care who the owner is. Hockey to me is more important than Wayne Heizzen, go to anyone person. I don't give a crap or one's a team. In addition to which he claims he's going to be selling the team. I hope he does real soon. I don't care about that. So that I've already said that. It doesn't make me a hypocrite. I've already admitted that. But hockey is more important to me than worrying about who the guy damn owner is. But less face it. I mean, as bad as the team is, it's not like the hockey team had a whole bunch of superstars that we gave away. And we dismantled the team. I mean, we had a crappy team last year. And it looks like we got a crappy team again this year. It's not like he did the same thing there. He slapped the fans in the face with a marlin thing. He went out and he bought a championship team. He spent a lot of money for it. And then he said, well, we got to have it in the stadium. We're not going to be able to keep the marlin there. And then, you know, he gave everybody away. And he still didn't care. They lost a hundred and eight games. And nobody's still cared about it. Well, I missed out on this segment where you made that state. I said it many times. And I'm saying it to you again here. Okay. In addition to which I don't pay for the hockey tickets. This station buys my hockey tickets. I buy a soda for about 250 or 275 or 300 quarter whatever the diet soda isn't. That's all the money he gets out of me. All right, now. Okay. And back to you. Okay. There we go. Any games, little people online. This one. No, not a one. See what I'm saying? Is that a difficult thing to find out somebody who lives in, lives in, lives in, gainsville. Somebody who went to school there. We got to find out what the hell is the bigger traction with gainsville. Maybe it's even more exciting than he's planting. You think so? No. And Arbor? No. Columbus? No. Christopher? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 8. I'll sit back here in a way. This is going to be just like this. You have to put that on and get off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. 5, 60 on a mobile one line. This is one of the great mysteries of my life. Gainesville. Gator droppings. Let's hear it. Come on. How long you think this is going to take? And see this one guy. The first guy that calls. He wants to do not know not like a full bone shot. But a little shot of me. Art, I hypocrite. Yes, I am about to hear hockey thing. And like I said, I don't care who the guy named owner is. I'm just looking around. Just keep looking around you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60. On a mobile one line. Good to go this morning by the way. 22 after 10 is 5, 60. WQMH ankle. Here are two from Shulestake 2. We got the books to read. 6. We got the pants. We got the Detroit Red Wing 7 or clock tonight. Any interest in that? No. No. Just one. Did I get you think I asked a difficult question? Here if I'm on an honest answer. Do you think that that was a difficult? I mean, if you see the point I'm trying to make. If there's all this interest in the Gator crab and Gator football and this red next Steve Spurrier, then there must be some connection with Gainesville. It's 300 F in miles away from here. And I'm waiting here what it is. And I can't get one for you. And you know they're all listed. Every goddamn autumn, including the check-as that wrote the anonymous postcards, get rid of the arroggies we want sports. And I'm trying to learn. And I want you to learn me something. Okay. And I still can't hear nothing here. About Gainesville. Which you have an at least a hell of a lot more important than anything else that's going on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've been flying working. I guess why? The following working. How do you like it? I'm sitting here screaming at a young carrying on. I'm supposed to not work. How did the one guy get through? Hello? Hello? Yeah, I do. How did you come from? I just called from a mobile and bokeh. How long ago? I've been ringing for about 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Are full of songs sitting here? You know something I could be saying to me where the phones broke. It might be. No, it might be. It isn't calling. I'm calling about Gainesville. Okay, let's hear it, pal. You're on. Class of 96 graduate. You're there for five years. And tell me all about Gainesville. What is that? Well, it's your college town. I've been to some other college towns. And I thought Gainesville was the best one. Yeah. You know, I've been better. You know, I've never been up there. I've only been so comfortable. I've never been up there. I've only been so comfortable. Definitely better than Ann Arbor. Only thing is couples schools in the south. Can't beat that gator me. I've been there. So, you know, I can't talk about these lands and Columbus in places. I've never been up there. My brother did go to Columbus about a month ago, though, for a football game. And he said, he really had a great time. He said, you know, of course, the people in Ohio are very nice. And that Columbus was a great college town. Yeah. And he said, you know, it was a little bit comparable to Gainesville, except that it was just a much bigger city. And of course, you've got the different weather. And if I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, because I hear people say, well, of course, they still out of a game in the football game, because there's nothing else to do there. You know, I hear that all the time. They, you know, that's, they do say that that's true. But you have to remember that about half the people that go to those Gaines come from all around. They drive up from here. You know, from camp up from Jacksonville. So I mean, the population of Gainesville probably, I'm not going to say it doubles, but it goes up by a lot on game day. Now what's the, what's the, what's the, and the University of Florida? What's the student population? Right now, it's right around 40,000 and they do 70,000 and some for the games, right? 85 85 85 and taught every game of course. That's right, every game sold out, even if we're playing, if it's in dumb you or for playing Florida State, it doesn't matter. Are you calling the Hurcon's name, Defendum, you now? And you're all on the air, meet. I'm talking about like the little green post that we played open to see you. Right, well, everybody's got to do that, you know. And again, the reason why we do that is because, you know, our family's only problem is up and he's planting, we try that too, but every now and then they beat us. So it didn't work out. Like Central Michigan, Eastern, University of Detroit. Luckily, luckily that hasn't happened to us recently. So hopefully you won't happen in the near future. Okay, now, Go Gators. I see. And now this was the most revealing thing that has ever happened to me in my life. I've been broadcasting for 600 years. And I'm sitting here and I'm getting every day. I'm getting sabotaged over here. I'm getting a job. You saw it, you're always in it. Like I said, I hate the system. Getting the good people to talk. It's a phone system. I'm going to tell you, I like to break the guy dancing. I'm going to do a handover right here on here and lose it. I'm going to do a hand-right here and just totally lose it. Because I've been sitting here for God's hands ten months with a phone system that doesn't have to work. I'm sitting here saying to myself, even for a crank to be colonists. I mean, I know if we got anybody listening something must be going up. I reach over here and I start personal and goddamn buttons. Now, let me ask you this. What happened after I did that? That suddenly magically allowed the calls to start coming through, George. What happened? I just picked them up. It's still broken. So in other words, they don't ring. They don't ring. It doesn't show up on here. No, I could go and reset the system to see if that helps and it probably will. But I'm going to tell you something. This guy upstairs wants to be a big shot like I told you before. Mr. wannabe, we could get a guy then a rector set. We could get our own little goddamn teeny tiny transmitter and put it out here on 441. At least the people on 441 can hear the guy dancing station in their cars, which they can't now. I could build a better guy than a studio with a guy with an rector set with a play toy. Then this man is putting here for us 10 months sitting here with a guy dance. And you remember in the beginning when the phones wouldn't drop off? We've had more f and technical goddamn problems and still got those big numbers. How do you like that? For all you sports nerds that can't stand, they show who are all listening right now. I'm going to reset it during the break. Everyone will reset the whole guy. Damn radio station is what we ought to do. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No call today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of this. This station stands for nothing. Cool cool baby. Let's turn this mother out. Pop the match of rapper. Is on my TV. No one heard of him before all the name is pop. Daddy, I said that. Pop the match of rapper. Or, won't be here that long. Not a lesson learns to sing low to write up. Rigg and song. I said pop the match of rapper. Is all over MTV. Only because of one shot low for his PIG. I said, I may be someone's cell. If making it this way wrong. Making that short that best friends. Making class phone. Don't talk to don't talk. All the balls. 1033 at 560 QAM. Talk show without a phone that works. How do you like that? We're used to it. Aren't we? At this point. So in other words, there were all these people calling. Every guy damn line had somebody on the other hand. But they were ringing because the little green light will come on in here. Like online too here. Oh, not now the dial isn't. But when it rings, it doesn't dial it up. Is what you're saying to me. That's what I'm saying. Great. Okay. So we'll do the best we can. As usual. Here on Slubshot Radio. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. I got a little stuff to steal on that city. A lot of people are calling. I've trying to make this a glorified town about Gainesville and University of Florida. Let's face it. They're nickname for that town is Hawk Town. That's what it's known by the local government. Hawk Town. Yeah. And number two, the only thing that's ever been done official out of University of Florida is its marijuana grilling. That's some of the best we did America. And I'm talking that your agriculture is phenomenal. And I don't know if you did up there for four years. I got stone got laid in with the class. Like I said, just like Ann Arbor, it sounds like to me. With the great town, I'll never forget it. I lost a few brain cells. But it was worth their dollar. But what's the obsession down here? I mean, as Gator thing is it's bigger than the dolphin. It's bigger than all the other sports in his town. Put together. It's like a mental sickness down here. Well, certainly. If you go up there and you have to spend any time in games. So it's like being under jailhouse arrest. Yeah. Nothing to do with some of those boring town in the world. That's why everybody goes to the football games. If you're not getting high, you're going to football games. You're getting laid down here. But if you're not getting about 85,000 people fill in up here. You're being able to play in the bump for you. It doesn't mean nothing. It means nothing. It means nothing. There's people out from games. They'll be traveling. Like the last caller said, they travel from all over the state of Florida. There's the biggest boosters in Florida come games. We got the biggest booster club. But there's nothing going on in games. So it's the pressing satz of static town. It's known as Hong town. And any local will call you up and tell you that's the day thing. All right. Thank you, Neil. Okay. George is on the way to see how good the weed is up there. We have, now did that ring? I already know how good it is. What do you mean? No, it's a good the weed is from gamesville. I visited friends up there. And yeah, he's right. The play sucks and there's nothing to do there. But they get stoned and get laid and get laid. So what's wrong with that? What's everybody bitching about? Sounds okay to me. Two open lines a day. They won't ring. I don't know what's going on here. We ought to just play music today and teach these bastards a goddamn lesson. That's what we really ought to do. Stickers in here with a bunch of second-rate crap. And I've got a great show in the goddamn market. Top of billing a top below, a great amn over and by the way, we ever get those numbers No from ten to two. Oh, no. I don't think we're going to at least not today. Why not? Duffers on vacation and Greg will not be in today. Okay. Okay. So here you go. I want you to follow this. Now follow the bouncing ball. Okay. The general manager Greg Reed with the pasty suit. He won't be in that day at all. And the program director, you think I get a lot of vacation. This guy, when he's here he's on vacation number one. But now he's on another. What is this? The end of October, so only his 18th week on vacation this year. Is that what the deal is? Yeah, there you go. So if there's something wrong, is there anybody? Oh, you know who's in charge? Oh, my God. And he don't talk to us. That's right. The water Nazi. She's the one in charge. Maybe that's why I was taking him so long to get that goddamn parking lot. Fixed downstairs. You know, set the repaid and the parking lot, the inside. So those are those big shots. That's like a major. It's like a 10 year project on there now. By the way, when you go on vacation, can I borrow your clicker? So I can park under the building like hot shot. No. Next question. So this is fantastic. So let's just have a party here today. Okay, let's do our own thing. We got nobody running a place. It's on automatic pilots. They cranked in that automatic pilot switched. And we're just doing it like, and maybe it'll ring. And maybe there'll be somebody on there. And there he is. It's out. It's out. It's out. It's gotty. All right. That was great. It's just called for this 15 minutes. That's that. Oh, what news call. Now, which buddy is that? That's the old guy. Oh, the old guy. It's that it's the day. What was the death threats? Yeah. You meet everybody. The wife. The receptionist upstairs. Yeah. Don't get to him again. Have his number. Do you have his number? What is his number? You'll got a call. He keeps making death threats. And then one step. This is all they're going to be reported to Southern Bell. It's already been reported. Real five. 305. 948. 948. 3 914. He's been called. That's for weeks. Some old cross these farther keeps calling. Here with death threats. And all kinds of obscenities. And I've not just stopped. And maybe you want to keep him busy today. What is it again? 305. 948. 3 914. 3 914. Because quite frankly, we're so busy with calls. We don't have time to play baby crap with him. Maniac. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to sleep in the morning with the phone. Yeah, I know. You don't know. What happened before was when I was trying to reach the city. And we did all of a sudden when you went to the list of the there. And all of a sudden the calls started going to the cell with the crazy. Yeah, I've been feeling for the last three or four months here. Somebody's dealing with his phone system. I mean I can't prove it. But I have a very strong beliefs because I've been doing this two guy damn long. Somebody's dealing with this. A couple of things. Last Friday night. I'm sorry. They're the game. We've got the worst ever. Yeah, Australia was one of the all time or it's not the worst, but it was in the certainly in the worst five. I'm one of the worst five performances. I mean, you know, it was he had some, it was disgraceful. Mm-hmm. Absolutely disgraceful. Uh, nothing. And so then he goes and benches the two best players of the right. And so see, this is a guy who came here, Terry Murray. I don't want to get started again, but I will. He said, well, these guys better perform because if they don't tell me, he's sitting on the bench. And in the meantime, the guys that don't perform like Kirk Muller and need to mark. They're in line up here. We got them night and, you know, he wants to take it out in the guys who are best players, which makes no sense at all to anybody. How about the world thing? It really pissed me off to watch. Remember when he dropped the gloves in the guy with the case with the best year, well, who was the guy in number eight for? I'm not sure. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean, like, was Murray telling him to go out and get something going just, you know, trying to take the team because I don't know, but by the time he got it, I was fighting was already for nothing. The game was over. So it was totally meaningless. No, they're not going to get sucked into his stupid boom crash. They're going to get sucked into his stupid boom crash. Yeah. They know that number one he really can't fight. Number two, we can't play. And other than that, why is he out there so much? You know, the two. When you got a team that can't score, why do you put iron hands to roll out there all the time? I disagree with you a little bit. I really thought I saw some sort of few skills in this guy. I can't play. I mean, I thought he had thought he skated a little better than that execution game, but as far as being a real player, forget it, he's no player. It was really disgraceful watching him. I mean, it's thick and then caught me as absolutely disgraceful. Right. And by the way, he's speaking a Donald Bush here who used to play for the Canadians. He's been around late. Speaking of the Bush here from Vancouver, even though he is their goon, but nevertheless, he can play. He has no life he's going to make some pretty damn good plays. He's a real player as opposed to just a goon who can't do anything out there. And who keeps getting stuck out there over and over again. This guy is like the Reggie Fleming back in the... and the stick piece with the range. Everyone, all you had to do was quite... He was trying to get John Ferguson from Montreal, Montréal. He would kick the crap out of him. But Ferguson could skate. For some of his... Well, Sir, I'm a real getaway with it because like everything else is going on here, nobody gives a crap. Nobody says anything except me and that's why I'm going to keep it from this. I got a question for him. Real quick, yeah. Real quick. There's a topic in the Palm Beach post today. Can a transmitter from all of that seriously? Yes. Let's see, they're saying you can't. They're saying you can't? And not, right? No, no, no, no, I don't agree with that. That's not what I've read. All right, good luck. Okay, and back to you. Okay, we have two open lines in day one and a row or just they're ringing. We have no idea, but let's... Okay, I've just checked in because we don't have a phone system that works today. And we got nobody running this joint today. So we won't get those numbers that we're looking for. We won't get any assistance here because you're on automatic pilot. Which means probably a lot of music coming up. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded. The best of... It's day by Neil. How's it? At 560 QAF. Remember when the first got married, you were having great sex all the time. Now the years of war not on. And you and your spouse have been reduced to only oral sex. You! No, you're a little f***ing bad. Just because you're getting on in years doesn't mean you can't enjoy sex like the young Stud you used to be. To learn how, you need to come on down to the elderly clinic. Where Armato is, even if it's wrinkly, you can still get kinky. We'll teach you to turn your elderly disadvantages into sexual advantages. Like the loss of deep throat gag reflex for women. The subtle loss of sensation in the penis for men resulting in great sex that lasts longer than ever. And of course, wrinkly skin just means more surface area to lick. So remember, just because you look like a prune doesn't mean you're all dried up. This is called that. That's a clinic today. Okay, 1046 and 560 WQAM. Here's a lady mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. I think I'm losing you. No, I hear you. You... Oh, good. I was calling about the football. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we lost her. Okay, we have an open line of drought or two in date. Our first system is all screwed up here. I'm not going to worry about the phone. Okay, you would do whatever you want with those assholes. Okay. She waited all of that time. We finally got her on. She was on a verge of getting into a bad cell like OJ or whatever. And then a lot of a sudden she popped right out that was getting better. Anyway, John Grogan has a very interesting article this morning, which every now and then he does because John, I think John is really a closet 80. It's even though he professes to be Catholic. Remember when we had all that business with the child molesting priest up there and pull on Palm Beach County? And he wrote that article about how very difficult it is to keep going to church and what you tell your kids and all this hypocrisy and bull crap and how corrupt it is, which we all know of course. And his article today headlines says 80 is looks to himself not heaven for answers. Frank Shivoni is 80 now. His arthritis flares up regularly and he has a bad heart. He's feeling his age and his own creeping mortality. So he's preparing for the next life, not a chance. Shivoni believes in many things, but God is not one of them. Nor is eternal salvation. Once your dead, your dead, he says sitting at the dining room on table of his modest condo and waterhill. You know more than a car battery. Once it dies, it's throw it away. Or maybe stick it in the ground. Shivoni is perhaps not for what is most unapologetic atheist. The president of the secular humanist this up Florida, he spends his days at the often lonely test of winning acceptability for the godless viewpoint. People like to think there's a place to go after they die. He said if that makes them feel good fine, but not Shivoni. His greatest aspiration for the afterlife is to fertilize the flowers over his grave. It's easy to reject his supreme being when you're young and healthy in the day of reckoning seems ages away. But what about when you're entering your ninth decade and statistically speaking you're already well beyond your life expectancy? I asked the other life long atheist. If with old age any doubt is crept into his belief of non-belief, no he says none. Not even a 1% chance there may be a god existing somewhere out there. No he assures me not even 1%. He is at peace with the other fine effenah. How do you say it? Fine eyedness of human life. Is there such a word as fine eyedness? One more can I say he adds almost apologetically. I don't believe there's a god I can't accept it. Shivoni was baptized Catholic and grew up in a heavily Italian Catholic neighborhood in New York, but even before he was out of grade school he was questioned in the existence of God. By the time he was a teenager he had made up his mind that God was a creation of man not the other way around. To me religion is just an excuse for life a superstition he says. Yet as many churches and synagogues enjoy booming growth, Shivoni's group of aging secularist barely hangs on with its 80 members. But if they need a group force, who that's why I understand. What does it need to be a group of secularists? Many who might be tempted to join his suspects for the social stigma of belonging to an openly atheist group. How do you like that? Oh my God. Right. As we talk I'm surprised to see a holy Bible sitting amid the clutter of newspaper clips and hands-grival notes on the table. He anticipates my question. You always have to know what the enemy is doing he says. And then his lips curl into a grin I see he's joking. Shivoni doesn't consider religious believers the enemy. In fact as a long time peace and justice activist he agrees with many of Jesus' teachings. The only belief he cannot endorse is the religion of intolerance. An atheist he point out are often demonized by the religiously devout. He points through a poll showing Americans would be more likely to elect his president and open homosexual than an atheist. Boy, my in trouble. He calls the religious right the greatest menace to our country. Shivoni is less likely to quote the gospel of Luke than the gospel of Gertrude. Gertrude's sign that is. Provisors are inscribed on a plucky displays. The right no answer. They're ain't going to be any answer. That's the answer. It pretty much sums up Shivoni's own beliefs. Where the hell did the big bang come from? What's on the other side of the universe? It's beyond our ability. We're on the stand. He says, I don't even try. Sound familiar? One thing he does try to do is make a difference. We can't wait for somebody to come out or heaven to solve our problems. The aging atheist says, we as a human race have to solve them. Oh, I'm John Grogan. And better by a Frank Shivoni this old far 80 year old atheist. We talk I said. I don't know why you need to organization. Like our DNA thing. It's not an organization. It doesn't cost you anything to join. We got bumper stickers. We got placards. We got all kinds of stuff buttons. But we don't have to be organized because it's just common sense. Do no harm. DNA. But that's an interesting thing there. I never, if it brings back to mind, a situation that happened over the years ago. We were doing those appearances at the America, Miami Miracle Games up there to state even the baseball stadium in Pompano Beach. And we had a crowd up there. I mean, we used to really fill up that place for a little minor league baseball. Thanks to Mike Beck. We had a great thing going there. We did a whole bunch of those appearances. And I think we broke the attendance record for the Miracle of it. Anyway, we had all these people up there. So I'm signing autographs. I'm doing a whole thing. And then I walk in to see part of the game. You know, I walk around into the stadium. And there's an old far it's sitting up there with some other people. And I look up and I hear him say. I mean, he's one of those people was talking about you. But make sure it's loud enough so that you can hear it. Or maybe his hearing aid wasn't working that day. He's an atheist. Yeah, the guy says, oh, there's Neil. The guy says, yeah, but he's an atheist. And he gave him a look like, oh, it's Jesus. He's an atheist. I mean, I could have expected if he said, oh, he's a fact. You know something like that. But this far transcended. Any of that stuff. And that was the first time I've ever done on me that there's this enormous stigma of not being one of the God people. Even if you're a good person, that's not good enough. You have to be one of the God people. So God bless you. Frank, you're voting whoever to hell you are. 80 years old, he realizes once they stick in the ground, that's it. And he realizes the greatest danger we have is from religious and tolerant lunatics, like the ones who killed the doctor and buffalo the other day. Oh, yeah, we believe we're pro life. We don't believe in your life, but we're pro life for those statuses. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, I need a listen. Yes, sir. North Miami, this game car. Just real quickly, back in till as Nethas Chief and I was right. I'm really sick that Nethas is a snorkeling town, but it's actually not a bad little town. And as far as I heard the one is compared to Tallahassee. Oh, yeah. I mean, what could be worse than Tallahassee? There's nothing that's going to compare to Miami. You know, as far as the worst thing all that. But it's not a bad town. As far as per diversity. Tonight's game, you got to be excited to look forward to the times came. I mean, it's not going to be much the game that Florida's going to put up, but you get chance to, you know, see a world class team come. How do we know that? In other words, we already know on the, I picked the final score, five-land Detroit, but I don't want to be, I mean, you never know until they go out and play the game. Right, right. But they've got that all star line up. I mean, they've, who is it? They've got, well, let me ask you something. Didn't the Leafs already beat them twice this year, the Red Wings? Yes, it is. Yeah. Well, they've got that new lineup though, hopefully that you turn them around. Cool. They've got, as that fan yesterday said, why is her men? Oh, yes, DB-wise, I'm in Ryan. Is Shananne and McCarty. Is that the new lineup? Well, it's closely done well for them. They're getting nine of 14 goals. Yeah. Four games. Okay, I'll see you there tonight, pal. Okay, new lineup. I thought those guys were all on team last year. Okay, Dave County lines are open five-six. Boy, it's so warm in here. I could make eggs right here on the thing. I remember any good. I could fry eggs right in the counter. We got a phone system that doesn't work. Last night on the TV show, which is the last time I've ever been even mentioned it until it goes off next week. The beginning, they got the sound finally straightened out, no home. And then as the show went on, the sound kept getting lower and lower and the home came back. We, you know, we want to do one of those support. Want to make sure you get your free home job on whammy there. So we got a half-ash TV deal over there, which they can't technically get that. Things straightened out. I got a situation where we got a telephone system that has been craps since today we said down here. And I was just totally falling apart. I'm going to reset the whole thing during this break. And what's that going to do? Uh, maybe nothing, maybe something who knows. Don't you think it'd be a lot better if I just sat here and read all my great articles and stuff. Yeah, you do. You do stuff. Never thought. Now, worried about the guy damn phone. I'm just warning you. I've been telling you that we've been getting dicked on this phone for weeks now. Yes. I've been doing this too long. Sorry. But you saw that right there when we sat down. And then all of a sudden as soon as I started talking about it and touching the buttons up. Magicly and miraculously, all these people run a line. I mean, I'm not that paranoid that I would see her make it up because I know there's plenty of times this time that you could say every word that's ever been invented. Four letter and five letter and two letter is an FU. And nobody would call. But this is just who goddamn obvious. And is there anybody here in charge? Nobody involved in any of this stuff? Oh, straight now. For us? No. Of course not. They're all this one's on vacation again. And this one is on to launch and this one's out of the building. And who the hell knows who's in charge here? Maybe it's the water notty. Oh. The Neil Roger show now exclusively on 5.60, UAM. Remember, this is the best of Neil Roger's. No call today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of. The Neil Roger show now on 5.60, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Roger's on sports all ready to go. WQAM. Here we are. Hello Mr. Gettin. Welcome to Radio Show. Hi. It takes me out to pick up a couple of battles. Which he used him for. As she wasn't saying, just in a couple of seashells. Sure. That would be one bar lad. That's it. You go. Gettin, I've got to ask you a few questions. I'm in kind of a hospital. Don't pay a stop. What's your address? Guy said a pot of a hand. When were your wars? When he's 62. Now do you follow or obey religious organizations that might pose a threat to the Galactic Federation? Hey. What kind of a fire mister Gettin? But I can't tell you these batteries. You should tell the answer by question. Okay. No. Very good, Mr. Gettin. And now with what's your penis size? What? What's that got to do? Sorry, Mr. Gettin. I'm not a boom. Damn it. You're not a boom. How about your social galaxy? No. Well be here all day. Sir, the question, Mr. Gettin. One trillion billion. At radio clock, we have questions. And you damn well better have the answers. And is this for that free catalog? Oh, no. You've got to pay for that. And you came to the right place. It's radio clock. It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM. By the way, speaking of that good old-time religion. Oh, thanks. They're convicted of molestations. Oh my God. Joseph Millian, a poor black cookkeeper in Haiti who reversed his fortunes to become the charismatic and revered leader of a Del Ray Beach church, was convicted on Tuesday of sexually molesting a young member of his congregation. A six-member jury deliberated for about two hours before convicting million 46 of sexual activity with a minor. The charge of first-degree felony was related to his pondering of a teenage girl in his parish under the guise of confirming her virginity. There is a new trick for it. I want to check. What? How else are you going to do it? The jury found Millian not guilty of charges that he laid to develop a more involved sexual relationship with a girl. Millian remains with the pastor of the full assembly of church of God and leader of its 200 member congregation. Paces as many as 12 years in prison. Dozens of members of the congregation crowded into the West Palm Beach courtroom on Tuesday. There were so many supporters that parents unable to find seats for their children ordered them to kneel in the aisles between the courtroom benches. Many of Millian supporters are convinced that her him something of a cultural guru who was left openly after the verdict. One woman collapsed in her husband's arms when Tom Beach County Circa judge Howard C. Burman ordered Millian back into custody. It had been released from jail under house arrest. Our church has never been stronger said Marie Rodin Riegez. A member of the full assembly congregation. We have faith. Pastor Millian will be delivered. In all three women are now who are now adults wives and professionals say they were molested by Millian. They were teenagers. Their stories are similar. Millian demanded to confirm that there were still virgins and fondled them shortly after they arrived from Haiti. Two of the women say they later developed full sexual relations with Millian. But did not question because of a statutory in the community. Some of the alleged abuse took place more than a decade ago. So because of statute of limitations, charges were only brought in connection with one woman's accusations. And then they go into this whole defense theory. But it says the theory was fatally flawed because Millian confessed to police that he is fondled the girl. Oh, father. That's good. And we go again. So at least this time it was with girls. There you go. That's your breath of fresh air. A little bit of a change. Got to check out see if you're a virgin sweetheart. Yeah. Let me just stick my probe in there and see what we find. Just probing for the truth. Here's Pompano B. Chillow. Morning, Uncle Neil. Yes sir. You know what this is? Go leave. Yeah. I just wanted to comment on a couple of things. First of all, I go to Gainesville every day. I'll get back to that in a minute. Yeah. Those are beautiful towns. Really? Low rolling hills. It's got a lot of Victorian homes. They're just, you know, some of them restored. That's in breakfast. It's just gorgeous. Yeah. Okay. Now second of all, I'm like you are. I don't like high-zinga, but I love hockey. Now that I mean, I'm going to go to the game. And I'm going to support the panters regardless of who owns it. I couldn't give a crap. Plus who owns it? Right. Hockey transcends all of this other crap as far as I'm concerned. Okay. When I first came down here, 22 years ago, I used to go out on my balcony and tune in Dan Kelly on KM Electronics. Right. Who is like it here? A hockey game. And Channel 2 would tell about the game when they were fundraising. And they did more fundraising than they did. Tell about the game. Now, here's a bombshell for our Legator fans. The number one event in the city of Gainesville every year is not a football game. It's the Gator National Drag Race, who's held in March. It brings in more money. Oh my, guys. I'm the Gator football games combined. They're playing games. They play the game. They play the game in March and Gainesville. Every year in March. Yeah, they're dragging it. Yep. And the race and tune in it. Like I said, brings in more money than all the football games combined. Yeah. How about that? So in other words, it's a great place. Absolutely. Yes, compared to here, but then what isn't real houses now? Yeah. Real houses, not all this concrete, stock and stucco. The houses actually look like houses. Ain't no Toronto, though. I'll guarantee you that. No, it ain't no Toronto, but it was a nice town. Have a good one. Okay, and I'm blessed you, sir. And go, Leafsco. Okay, there you go. We're getting a few reports on Gainesville. I'm going to tell you. I said here that first 20 or 25 minutes would seem like an eternity to me. And I realized we've gone through a rough-word. Is it about the last six months on this radio station? But I mean, this was just unbelievable. Just incredible. And it was like that skit on SCTV where the guys sitting there doing a show. And he's dead. He can't make the film ring for a lover money. And finally after we start screaming and swearing and carrying on and let's kill all your children. And the phone finally rings and up wrong number. And that's what I felt like here this morning. Because we're being dicked here with a goddamn bunch of cheap crap that's got it. Woolworth somewhere. And radio shlock. And we're trying to make magic here for these people. And is there anybody here who like as any interest in this? Oh, well, I just all conveniently happened to be out again here today. Get that automatic pilot switch, go on because there ain't nobody here running the ship. Oh, yeah, just the water Nazi. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello? I'm here. Yes, sir. I'm very, very, very briefly. Yesterday, I'm actually, I'm just in one of these Colombian hockey fans called them. Oh, yeah, okay. Have a nice day, pal. This guy wants to call every single day and tell me about his death. See, we don't play that game here, sir. I realize you're kind of desperate over there in Fort Myers. Just kiss the ground that you got to show on the early stepper early. But we're not going to have a running rep RT. This is now his third attempt to call in here and get an unload his hostility and psychosis about Colombian. I hate to break the news, sir. I hope this doesn't burst your bubble. I like Colombian. I'm going to take a look at the news. I'm going to take a look at the news. I'm going to take a look at the news. I'm going to take a look at the news. Okay. I'm not too big on the Mediine cartel, but anybody outside of that, which I think there might be 10 people in the country. You aren't having to join yet other than that, I like Colombians. Okay. So you Yahoo's over there in Fort Myers. I realize that not everybody who's listening is fact, most people listen to the show don't fall in that category. But if you have spilled over, who thinks that you can use this radio show to spew your generalized Tatres and venom. Forgive it. Go get your sheets out. Have a great time this weekend at the rally. this weekend at the rally and leave us alone over here okay? And just kiss the ground that you're over there in four miles. Otherwise the Colombians would come and guide them, put your ass out of town on a rail. That's right. What a bunch of horse crap dead is. Air B day, this guy's feels a compel to call this like he's going to have a running debate. I'll tell you what old buddy, why not come on down here? You give us a date. You give us a date at high noon and we'll get a whole bunch of our Colombian friends to meet you down here. You have a seminar to holiday in and you can stand there and look at them and write in the post face to face and you can tell them that they're all a bunch of subhuman, no good, even scumbag or whatever it has you said. And then see what the response is okay? And maybe you might learn something, maybe you might be able to iron out your differences. Oh. Remember this is the best of wheel Rogers, no call today. It's all been previously recorded, the best of wheel on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded, the best of wheel on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded, the best of wheel on 560 QAF. It's all been previously recorded, the best of. Holy makin' on, this is Joe Bolon, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority. Oh God. So Fred, what's up? I'm ordered myself five whiskey straight up. What's wrong? I just had my first hammer. Hey, Fred, he boy. Hey, Bart, then you get my buddy here at Celebration Gold. He just had his first hammer. It's for times like these when you really want a party that you should settle for no less than a celebration gold beer. Hey, Mikey, thanks a bunch. If the celebration gold don't get this taste out of my mouth, nothing will. What? And it's for times like these that you need a celebration day. We only beer with real mouthwash in it. Make that a celebration day, Bartender. I'm like gay, Mikey. I just needed some cash. I'll take the beer and shut up, Frankie. Celebration gold and celebration day. The best beer for any occasion. I'm not. Just move over with your Frankie. Yeah. Over there is good. Okay, 11.13 is 560 QAF. Here's an interesting fact, which I think may have some truth in it. It says your phone lines remain in trouble, so I've resorted to the facts. The interest with the Florida Gators is nothing but the contrived controversy. The morning team comes up with the stimulate calls. And since we have a great number of overgrown children running around with their college vanners stuck to their asses, those are the colors they get on the line. And effort, I guess, to impress the audience with the popularity of the show 10 question marks. And he goes on to say, I'm not a hockey expert by any stretch of the imagination. But what the new coach of the panthers has done with Mr. Whitney is not only unacceptable, but tedious repetition of the crappy product we were given last year. The more things change, the more they say the same. Okay, excellent job, sir. Excellent observation. And right on all counts. Again, I don't want to deal with anybody else's show, but I can only speak as somebody who's like a captive audience here in the last 20 minutes of that show, but I'm getting ready to do this show if we ever get to equipment working. And that is that here are all these gator people calling in the hearing that guy's end tape of that radio station up there over and over again is pondress at best. Now am I the only a Georgian hire? We the only two people in this state in this town who don't care about the gators. Oh, we've got to be. We're out of stiffness. Do you better get with it? I don't give a flying crap about the gators about the similes about the hurricane or about the Spartans to be honest with you. I saw a little bit of their pathetic performance against Minnesota Saturday. I would say want to blow into this game in less minute and a half minutes, so to score 10 points. And we want to blow in again. Then I'm used to it did it change my life. It led me of a colleague head this morning. I'm coming to work. And some kid calls he's reading a prepared speech about the dolphins congratulating them on their win on Sunday and about a beat by the book. And then he talks about the buffalo. He's reading it. He's got a written-out long hand. And he talks about all the sleepless nights we've had in the past over on Ray Reed and this one in Bruce Smith. And I'm thinking to myself, I know it's been a great rivalry for a long time until the bills fortunes turn south. But I mean, is there anybody in this town that had sleepless nights about the dolphins playing the buffalo bills? Oh, did you ever have any sleepless nights? Oh, the last maybe you were making a big bet. I can understand having sleepless nights if you're making it. You know, a compulsive gambler like Default or some of the other people we got on this station. But a sleepless night, this was some kid who I don't think is making any bets on a game, not yet. sleepless nights over Bruce Smith and Andre Reed and Jim Kelly who's long gone and all those other glam. Wow, and Thurmond Thomas. Here's my Emmy, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I already talked about games all day. Yes? No, all day. Well, this is morning. Yeah. I went to games the last week and I went to school to a five and a half years. Yes, sir. And you have some more people call them and they're kind of missing the point behind games. Okay. What is the point behind games? I spent five and a half years there. I still go a couple of times a year if because of the drug scene Neil. Yeah. Can't beat that better meat. Yeah. I'm just designer drugs are rampant. And the women just go crazy. The girls go crazy all weekend. You don't sleep well. And it's called games will green for those of you who want to know. Okay. And that's the popularity behind games will assign you different than the other city or town. There's a lot of hillbilly to a lot of money to go there. Well, I don't see people are calling on the morning show. Why don't they admit then? Instead of talking about Steve Spirier and all this boring crap about who's got their own sparks on the team. And who's going to catch the most passes? Who's got the biggest lineman and all this other tedious crap. Why don't they talk about the good stuff? Because when you reach age 40, you lose track of that car. Yeah, but you have too much bad lead on this. Well, yeah. And you think that's all about football when you get to that age because you can't party with the young girls. There you go. Well, that's the way it's 40 meals. And when they discover vibrant gamesville, man. Maybe these bad guys might get a life. And they have the best all-night race club in the country in gamesville. Yeah. It opens at midnight and it closes at noon. And that was the main reason that us 140 go against them. All right. Thanks for the good news. There's our first on his call of the year. And it's already the end of October. We have an open line in Broward, Dave County. But we really don't know what we got because the phone is still all set up and we'll be one. I keep checking them. Nothing. Okay. Well, I don't want to say those of the day lines because some of the, that's another thing with this system. Some of them come in on those last three lines. Who knows where the phones are coming in here. I'm sitting there screaming and carrying on like a maniac. And the phone systems are piece of crap anyway. So what's the point? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless one. George will just keep going up and down. Just keep punching it. And the phone lines too. And see if there's anybody button button who's got the button, baby. This is unbelievable. I've done talk shows under bizarre circumstances before in my life. But never in my life with one where we're playing hide and seek today with a phone. Just beautiful. Nice gone, Greg. Here's a mobile and Margade. Hello. Hey, what's up, yeah. Yes, sir. Real briefly. I want to just say I agree with everything you say about religion. I just finished farewell to God. Great. Excellent book. I know there's another book that you quote from occasionally. I was wondering if that book is available anywhere. What book is that? I'm not really sure. I know there around the same time that you brought up farewell to God for the first time. It was also another book that you were discussing. They're quoting from a reading from something or another. I want to make. Maybe it was the exercise. William Peter Blattie. That was the video. Yeah, that was it. Yeah, okay. Thanks. That's where you get the real good stuff on religion. Tell. That's where you'll get the load on is in the exercise because whatever you do don't forget. Don't forget. Don't tell. Absolutely. Correct. Sure. Because it said, who do they be if that rule black magic put that chicken on your head wave it around. He can come grab a hold of that wicked snake like they do on tennis frequency and twisted in the Yankees and the snake too. 560560 I have no idea what we got and what we don't have because I do know what we do have and that's a crappy phone system that's been crappy since the day we say, who makes this thing? Gentlyer, whoever the hell Gentlyer is, I wish you have a bad bowel movement. Okay, I hope you wind up with a bruised goddamn act like I had there for a few days. Not only does their phone system suck. They're call screening software sucks because it's designed by someone who never produced show. Yeah. And when you try to talk to them about it, they don't want to hear from it. Yeah. You tried to get some modification. But I bet you it was cheap compared to how we used that earlier. Oh, really? Your stage on questions. You know, you can knock IOD on you on. But I'll tell you one thing. Okay. And when you had some stuff over there like those old car machines, you know, we had some stuff that wasn't maybe the best. But generally speaking, make you lean over there and then even what's his name? Raw. A pack. Who was a heart ass but never less. They spent just untold amounts of money to bring in the best guy and equipment the most state of the art stuff that money could buy. Unfortunately, just like over there at WAMI, they had a bunch of engineers who didn't know how to make it work right with their digital stuff at the TV station. But nevertheless, they spared no expense and bring in the state of the art to try at least to give us the opportunity to compete to be a real goddamn radio station on A.M. Which ain't easy, baby. But this joint over here. And I'm going to tell you, you're beasley people over there in Naples. You're at disgrace. You're not broadcast. There's your slot micers. If this audience could have seen what we went through those last days that he's ever before we find it got on the year coming in here day after day after day and being told, well, this part and the stuff was coming in here piecemeal. Because swisher weren't going to spend that money to buy new stuff. Were we? Oh, no. We had to get the computer over here, the DCS that plays all of this neat stuff like that. We had to get this from Philadelphia for months. Oh, they're other a bum forestation up there. They had to come in pieces. One carton, one day another carton, and of course, for George Corso's working 24 hours that they're trying to put it together with Scott's tape. And then of course, this beat up old cart deck that they probably kicked out of one of those. Maybe even the four miar stations right here. We don't want this thing in a building anymore. That also came in a box. Like I said, this was like a tinker toy studio. A tinker toy radio station. We're sitting here with like a 10 or 11 share and men in this market on a make believe Goddamn radio station. Get in postcards saying, hey, Greg, we're getting the allow if we want sports on a year 24 hours a day. How do you like that? So you can go back to your two shares. Or maybe your one shares like when you had one, Christine was on her in a mid day. And even when I was off the air for seven months, did they still have a number here in midday? Oh, they did not. So just so we can satisfy some of these overgrown children. And like I said, you listen to the conversation you try to talk about any sport in this town. There are no people in this town who can discuss sports intelligently, maybe like one percent of the people here. And then most of those are people who are friends of other teams because they're sure it's home out from here. Steady, wise or man that guy, yesterday, that wiser guy yesterday with Steady, wise or man. Yeah, another hockey expert. But college football now we're talking baby because they got and we found a why they got to go to weed up their in gamesville. At least we finally had somebody who's traded out for us. Only took us an hour 20 minutes. Yeah, I'm not sure. We're trying to go to the bottom of it. Get the seed out of it. Here's for Myers, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You come. About Beesley. They got all the money down there in Naples and they remodeled seven, seventy over here. Yeah, they really. Yeah, so that's about the time that you came on. Yeah. So they found out. And I hope the signal is logged in clear over there and everybody over in a west coast. Here's me saying that the Beesley's are cheap bunch of bastards who looked like they came out of a dem seed dumpster. What they look like. They're giving up good top radio over here and they're putting on another shot shot in the morning with old Joe. And so we'll see what happens here. I wanted to talk to you about Gainesville. Yeah. What do you want to know about it? Anything you want to tell me, pal. I've never been there. Well, I want to find out what the bigger traction besides all the guys get laid twice a day and the gooey is good. But other than that, well, it's right about the wind when you go across. Pain's period, it turns blue over there. All right. And since the million was really good, they got the homegrown. Yeah. With the little red pairs coming out of it. Yeah. Well, everybody here's coming out of it. Yeah. But I would feel the carry coming out of it. But I wouldn't know about that stuff. I have felt that for a long time. Yeah, we believe you. I know you got a lot to your action for. That was always the end. Always was good when it was there. But it's a nice town. It's, they got hills. Well, I got a lot of big open spaces to grow all that good stuff out. And that's a good part. We don't have that down here. Well, you go towards wild those outside of town, up towards Stark. Yeah. By my right. Right. Right. And so you got some real country out there. But I think that Gainesville's close to Stark said that when they take most of those get her criminals while players away, they can have a part of go. Is that what's been happening? Oh, that. Yeah. We don't talk too much about it. But they take a lot of those big guys away, middle of the night. Well, I wish we could get some good talk radio over here. I'd rather just have no mojo. Yeah. And leave Jean Roberts on here. But I don't know, basically, don't want to listen. Yeah. What we keep saying that our morning show here too, no mojo. But they won't listen. It's okay. Pound. Have a great day. And high to good stuff, because there's a little lock at your door right now. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. And a couple of in date, maybe not 5. 670, 550, pump, 560 on the 18T wireless line. We got the old broken down bees like crap here today. Maybe the best crap I can buy. Because believe me, no matter which way the rich Bruce Beesley or dead guys their middle name is, make no mistake about that. That's what they specialize in. 24 hours a day, round the clock. Because lifetime I heard is real cheap. You can get it by the pound right in your backyard. 25 after 11 at 560. You know, I came here this morning. I was so melal, it was just frightening. And then I went through that first 20 minutes here of screaming and carrying on and wondering if I was losing my mind and not seeing one light on the board light up. And then can you imagine what would happen if I wouldn't have gone up and down the thing there and checked those lines? I'd be in a goddamn rubber room by now. I'd be in a goddamn straight jacket in a rubber room. Am I good friend Larry mixed in over there at Bell South Southern Bell whatever you're calling yourself this week? How many years have I gone through this with you, Mr. You're crappy phone operation in your phone system and sending the tones down here. And your goddamn lineman who are playing games in the fast and loose with whatever's going on here in terms of this maple e-phone system. You're not fooling me, Larry. This horse crap has been going on for 150 years with me here. 25 after 11 at 560 QM, Hank will be a chulistic too. It's a clock to books to restrict. We got the Panthers and the Detroit Red Wing. 10 to 5, pregame 730 tonight at the Mac Arena. 1000 unsolved tickets I want you to pick up those tickets, Panther packs, 500 of those and 500 more. Let's pack that place tonight and if Terry Murray did all the round the way I think he's going to do the round, then we'll start boon his ass. Because I'm sitting right behind you Terry. I'm just a few rows behind you Terry. Get a brain Terry. That's right. I'm going to have all Larry and Jyders tomorrow morning. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of them. Founder and president of the SSA, the Lord above his angry and what he's here in on the radio airways today. All of us good Christians here at the fist f**kers association are doing our part and absorbing the evil sins and turn on the radio. Right every time we hear what we define as an obscenity, we rest our fist into a followers but, like today for instance, I heard the word crap. You know what that means. It's your turn Reverend Kennedy. Oh, not again. We must do the work of the Lord. Okay. Now it's my turn. We're urging you not to patronize the sponsors of these radio havens. Please visit our website at www.thismarkingpristion.com and remember to kiss for Jesus. Hey, I'm sorry. Okay, thank you. It's all in the 32 at 560 WQM. Those deadlines, 560, 5050, let me get them. Let me try them. 560 and Tom 560 on the 18T wireless lunch. We're operating with what? We can play caller no call. The caller no call. That's good. We can send them like that. No call on one. No call on two. No call on three. No call on three. Okay, there you go. Well, it's a 5050 chances. It's like flipping your thing. Flip it in your loin. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the 18T wireless lunch in date counting maybe we think. And if you call in, it rings the rings or two bad. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. We took it about Bruce Smith's work. Meaning what? I don't know. I mean, you took it. All I'm open up here is okay. This guy's call me. What was I talking about on four? Because he's an asshole. He's like he worries. A big fat asshole from Buffalo. Where were he from? Open line and groward. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T line. And all three and day I think. Hello. Q.A.N. Hello. Yes sir. Why is he? What is this? Why is he screaming? What do you mean why am I screaming? Yeah. Or is this one a little hoolio? What about a little boyfriend? Yeah, blow it out your ass. That's what we got. Why aren't we screaming? He wants to know. He's operating his own little show over there in his house. And of course he had to run his boyfriend. Is there panting on the bed in his car? You know, it's how he had a little put the instrument down or run to the phone? Put down the UK didn't sweet heart. Hoolio. Tell you what to eat in O'Columbian. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile informa. Hello. Yes sir. Your material and your soundbites are very steel. They're very one. Steel. You need to deliver the material. Steel. I'm not a to you. You're another one at monitors. It's the same asshole from Boko again who pretends to be in for a lot of the over and over and over and over again. He's monitoring. He not only is monitoring because he hates me in the show, but he's also going to be at least one he's my half the monitor. He'd like to hear some fresh new material is what he says. Okay. One call left on the board here. Mobile in dear field beach. And I would go to a music like I said. Hello. No. Not too much. I'm too much today for a beat. The music read broadcasting. I've heard your stories of really screwed up. I was called forlov Griffith's of course I got you. Yeah I believe so. Doctor got a line. I went to a UFO from about five and a half years. Yeah. Yeah. I can give you the real scuba. Okay. First off. Let's get to the point of what you really want to know. Make your life enjoyable and games like you might want to go there for. The gay populations there is thriving. Really? Yeah, lots of things in Gameville. But you know, I mean it's real liberal town. There's a lot of things in the Gameville. But in the summer though, it's absolutely armoured. Yeah. Big overgrown, hit town, that's all it is. You know, but it's a great town. I mean, I was there like at the time of half year, although it's fine, yeah. If I would have to do it all over again, I wouldn't pass this shoe and the only reason that is, you know, if you're a swinging Richard, I mean, there are too many swinging Richard's in Gameville. All right, I'm going to that way. Oh yeah, I mean, if you're a hot girl in Gameville, you got it made, you know, I mean, so anyway. That's really it. Okay, Glenn had a great time pal. I want him to up. Okay, there's the load on it's just a party place where people get drunk they get late, they got the good weed, they got green stuff, blue stuff, the yellow stuff, stuff of other term and origin, and that's it. And all these assholes calling on a morning show, talking about the big sparks, is going to go out and catch the past. Nobody cares about that. So we got quick put on the neck. Okay, we cleaned the board out. Thank God, 560, 50560, 5560 on the AT&T wireless line. Lots of response to that John Grogan column that I read. We get a lot of response to that. No. Lost rights by James Boulevard. Anybody go out and buy that book, which I recommended hardly the other day. No, absolutely not. But since we have nobody on the board, I'm going to go back and read just one and a half pages here. Excellent stuff. As I go through the book, I just find more stuff that I'm Mark. And I come in and read it on the air, and I know you're too damn lazy and too cheap to go on by the book. Willie Jones of Nashville was climbed the Houston on February 27, 1991, to purchase plants for his landscaping business. Because Jones was black and paid cash for his plain ticket, the ticket court reported in the nearby drug enforcement agency officers, who presumed Jones was a drug courier. GEA officers at the Nashville Airport approached Jones, checked his ID, and asked permission to search him. Although Jones refused the grant permission, the officer searched them anyway and found $9,000 in cash. The DEA agents then announced they were detaining the money. Jones observed they said I was going to buy drugs with it. Their dogs, knifed and said it had drugs on it. And 1989 study found that 70% of all the currency in the US had cocaine residue on it. Jones never saw the dog. The officers didn't arrest Jones, but they kept the money. When Jones asked the officers to worry, receipt for his money, they handed them a receipt for an under-term amount of US currency. Jones objected nasty officers to count the money out, but the officers refused claiming that such an action would violate DEA policy. Federal judge Thomas Weisman and April 1993 decision concluded that the officers behavior at that point was casual and sarcastic that they believed that the seizure of the currency was all but a fader company that they cared little for Mr. Jones' feelings of insecurity. Judge Weisman concluded that the DEA officials testimony on the seizure was misleading, unconvincing and inconsistent, and ordered the money returned after a two-year legal battle. Jones observed that it didn't know was against the law for a 42-year-old black man to have money in his pocket. Shoulda known that, Jones. As said for for sure increases the power of local policemen over people whom they don't like. In Washington DC police routinely stopped black citizens and confiscates small amounts of cash and jewelry on the streets and in the parks, even when no drugs are found and no charges are filed. Then Davis, a resident of Washington complaint I've got money in both pockets, but I don't know how much. The assumption is if I can't tell you exactly how much I have, it must be from some criminal enterprise. Increasingly, there is the mere suspicion of a government official as sufficient proof to nullify proof that a citizen legitimately owns his property. The Volusia County Florida Sheriff's Department set off a four-foot-year trap to stop motorist traveling on 95 and seize the average of over $5,000 a day from motorist between a 19-9 and a 19-92 over $8 million total. In three quarters of the season, no criminal charges were filed. An investigation by the Orlando Sentinel revealed that 90% of those seizure victims were black or Hispanic. When confronted with the statistic, Volusia County Sheriff Bob Vogel said, what this data tells me is that the majority of money being transported for drug activity involves blacks and Hispanics. People whose cash was seized by the deputies received a scan due process of law as the Sentinel noted, one deputy told two blacks from whom he had just confiscated $19,000. You have to write the followers back to the station and get a receipt. Even citizens who provided proof that their money was honestly acquired, including a lottery winners, proof of his lottery receipt, were treated like drug dealers. Volusia County officials routinely offered settlements to drivers whose cash they see offering to return a percentage of the seized cash if the drivers would sign a form promising not to sue them. All right. The Neil Roger show now exclusively on 560 QAM. Okay, 15 till noon at 560 WDK, what are you giving me? I forlorn looking there for a day. What's the problem? Do we have a problem? He wants you. Really? No no chance. Where's Rob? Where's Danny? Where are we going? Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay sir. I got something that I think you need to know about. Okay. I've been Volusia County. I was just up there the other day. And this is a subject we talked about a long time ago. I stopped at the rest area. The low and beholden in the stalls were many glory holes. Really? Filled with concrete. Yeah. On the spine on the wall, by the Volusia County people up there. There's ruling of holes in these premises is unlawful and violators will be prosecuted. Yes, they don't like those glory. That's their Neil. Yeah. In fact, last time I was up there. There was a big sign. You're looking for glory holes. Yeah. What they're looking for? That's their Neil. Okay. Thank you. That's what they're doing up there. Volusia County. That's right. Oh. It was a goat got tired. He got wore out. Two open lines in days. Five, six, seven. So if you're a black or Hispanic, my suggestion is to you. You probably shouldn't be in Florida in the first place. Unless you're looking for a day county. But nevertheless, because they'll come and get your ass. But don't be graveter of Volusia County, especially if you got more than 50 cents. If you got some spare change and don't be feeling the change either. Don't be reaching your pocket feeling the change. We're going straight to God name, jail. And also don't have a dead county tag. Oh, God. Dead giveaway. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? We're not Colombian down here in South Florida. A Colombian? Yes, sir. Holy crap. I'll tell you what I heard a gentleman. Two, three days ago, you talked about the situation. You're going to tell me what you've been saying. I'm trying to explain to the kids saying that we're most the typical people on earth. He was in his head to say, I'm trying to call the 20 minutes to go try to get on again to say the same crap from the same. I'm sure he's never been to our country. And if he was, I'm sure he's never been to our country. And if he was. He never did go. I'm sure he's been to our country. And if he was, he never did go. He claimed he spent 10 years there probably behind bars. Yeah, probably. But you know what? The drug trade. The United States that people, you know, they want it to be, we supply it. We're going with that. Mm-hmm. And I'm, I think, businessmen. I'm with you. Hey, if you want to smoke a little weed and not hurt anybody, that's much better than getting drunk and get me behind the car and hitting too little girl. There you go. Or even one. There you go. That's all I have right now. Okay, pal. I'll stick to you, Melvitas. Okay. We have an open line that's brought to a date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get some extra seven. I'm going to get that panther song out of get it. Maybe you want to hear that? No. Ha ha ha ha. I'm going to spend a couple more hours on Terry Murray, man. Not, no, what just happened there? What was that? I just, I looked off to the side here for like a half a second. Half a second. I just counted it by actual count. But that was them just hanging up. All of the same time. Two of them. Everybody at the same time. Is that what you just told me? Nobody in the day. It has not been. Here's the mobile and coral spring. Sillow our last call of the year. Hello. Oh, I hope I'm a good last call of the year. That's all the time you want, pal. Thank you. Appreciate it. Every day here is another day from hell in this place. You can't just come in here with a guy, they're going to a radio show. Every day here is another major song in advance. I feel your pain. Believe me. With the red wings being in town, I think there should be one lesson to the great people of South Florida. And that is that the ways that the red wings became the two time defending National hockey league. It's very very very. The day Brian Murray left down. Yeah. That's right. You know, the day he made that feeling what in Bob essence of the human ship to play goal. They said, hey, I'm Brian, by the way, get out of here. You're gone. That's right. And that's, you know, maybe people will figure it out. When you get rid of these folks. No, but they must be there. Don't figure it out here. Because first of all, you've got to the problem as you have an owner who wants to sell the team, all he's going to do in the meantime is drain as much money as you can. There's no building that we built for him. So he doesn't give a crap. He's totally unenvolved. He doesn't care if they win one game, ten games. He doesn't have a clue of it. Everything. Everything. And if you expect a fan to give a crap, I mean, you don't let me sit here and rant and rave and make a bunch of no VM buttons and jump on the badminton for that. But there's no concern. There's no interest. They don't even know who else play in anymore. They don't like to look. Now the fact is, how that easier is gone. They don't even know the name is the most of the players anymore. No. It's a goddamn fashion show. You're absolutely correct. There's an absolute fact in show. So get your, get yourself all dog up for tonight. I'll see you out there. Okay, I got my Maple Leaf stuff on. I'm dull though. Okay. And they beat you last twice. Okay. We have an open line at Broward. All a day down to y'all three and day did, well, you know, may ring. It may not ring. We might pick it up. We might not, but it's like telephone. We're like today. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What a deal. And by the way, don't forget the Saturday noon to two. I keep forgetting all about these things that I want to do. Because I'm a little bit distracted by this phone thing, which is a little bit over and above the ordinary phone problems we have here. Just a little bit over and above and beyond. If you want to get your best of Neil Vadim's one and two, you can call us center one order and by phone at 9, 5, 4, 5, 6, 3, 3600. 5, 6, 3, 3600. Or you can go to your nearby border store and pick them up. We've got about 46 grand in so far for center one. Or you can check out our website, which by the way, Eric and Orlando, spectacular jobs. We'd art what a job he's doing. Fantastic. NeilWrongers.com. And you can buy them right over there. You can check. They also have, they have the fill-hundred thing on there, which I don't know if a center one might have a few of those left or not. They do. And also even a recon said they got a few of those left. And also the old, the best, the Neil stuff from previous years, which you've in order right there on the internet and NeilWrongers.com. Nice job, Eric. Thank you. So anyway, I was started to say we'll be at Ben and Jerry's never in turn. A noon to two this Saturday and the Ben and Jerry's is right near the rainforest cafe between the AMC theaters and blooming nails on the south side of them all. Known to two, come on by we'll have those D&H buttons and stickers and posters and good stuff. Here's a mobile and haven't you, are hello? Neil. Yes sir. Last night, Channel 51 showed the exercises in Ed Spaniard. All right. And it was a hoot. Remember the film is seen where Father Marin and Father Tara first go in, talk to Reagan. Yeah. And he starts screaming at everything Adam. He's got the fan. We sure know that we're a mighty com. Well, she was a multi-lingual, mighty com, mighty com, right? He got the father in Madding, mighty com. To my mom and I know, right, and Haiti is right. And also the power. Lots of mom is going on in there. The power of Christ from Pelschew. Yeah. And it's Pajol. It's Elfosette, Egristo, Elvica. Oh, great. There you go. He's not yours. Go on, you do this to me. Exactly. There you go. Thanks, Neil. Hey, have a great day, pal. Hey, the spirit of Christ can pet you to do something good. We have an open line in the Broward and all the date count continues to be. Well, let's just check that out. Okay. Line one. There you go. Delta one on one. Delta one. We have to keep checking these out because they don't ring and they don't light up. And they don't do anything. Our phones just in the totally broken up. At least one thing. The people in data consistent. We don't have to check those too much because they're not ringing anyway. Let's try a crawl Springs. Hello. Crawl springs. Yeah, how you doing? This truck got the dynamic. He's out of control against softball and a little more to their court stuff. And you're allowing your listeners to hear. Then I'm allowing them to hear what does that mean? This is what you know, the kilo kilo cocaine and softball. And now it's cheaper than it's been expanded about 25 years. It's more drugs coming through here. And we're doing those trouble. Oh, wait, wait, wait. But you started out by saying there's a little bit more to it than I'm letting people out. Here, did you hear what I read? Well, you listening to the words? Oh, you said did you made it sound like, you know, these people from Russia and the people down is a DEF report on the wrong thing. That's not true at all. Well, let me say to you, sir, it is true. Use this one was in Houston, Texas February 27, 1991. It's got the name of the individual. It's got the name of the judge who made the ruling on us. It's got all the details. It is true. It is true. People are having here. Any time you're in their national report, they have a right to search for you no matter what. And, you know, that's part of the opposition flying. And I have a right to take any money you have on you and tell you that you're a drug dealer. And I didn't give you a receipt. They do give you a receipt. They didn't give you a receipt. They didn't give you a receipt. There's a reason for that. Well, and what was the reason, Bcer? Probably because they identified that person as a drug trafficker. He actually is going to owe people money. Don't give me a receipt. Sir, let me get a receipt. Did you just want to make a lot of noise? Or did you hear the article? I read. I spent a couple of minutes reading it. I hear this thing. And you know what? You know, sometimes I got respect your honesty. But sometimes you just only cover half of half of the issue. And what I like to do is select your formula. But if they need given them a receipt, it's obvious that they wanted him to go through and he had the actor to come by because the work's for our money. Sir, let me say it to you again. There were no drugs found. They didn't even arrest him. Okay, but they kept the money. Let me say it again. They kept the money. When the officer he asked him for a receipt, they handed them a receipt for an undetermined amount of US currency, not even an amount of money. It took him two years to go to court and get his money back. Neil, there were no drugs. There was no arrest and there was no condition. And you can keep saying, Neil, Neil, Neil, 50,000 times. This goes on all the time. Neil, you're an adult. You got it. First of all, you've seen it impossible from the $39,000. We'll have been narcotics on them. Number two, you know. It was impossible for what? You're in the $39,000. We're the narcotics on them. So where was it? Neil, that isn't the way they transport money. Where was the narcotics? Sir, where was the narcotics? He was the winner. He was on his way to pick it up. Oh, so in other words, you know, so in other words, you have psychic VEA people now. We know this for a fact that if I get on a plane that I'm flying home from Amsterdam and I have thousands of dollars in cash in my pockets, I have must be selling drugs. Oh, you hung up. Oh, there you go. You didn't hear the click. No, I didn't. Because I was talking to a lot of thank God. See, hung up. Because he's got no balls. And he's another one of those lying pieces of craft here. The craft here of porcours is what he is. Another porker who will defend anything that the law enforcement people do in this country. And you know, that was only one page I read out of this book. There are hundreds of pages telling about similar stories. And worse. Oh, but we just made it up here. You know, you're a bright guy. But you're only telling half of the story. I'm telling you the whole goddamn story. Sir, the DE ought to be disbanded today. They ought to just fend the whole goddamn DEA because all is a big, gigantic waste of taxpayer time and money. And they use the news media. Oh, we made this big bus today. And we did it. Yeah, what we do. You're really doing a hell of a job. Haskell and the hell out of people. And especially minorities because we know that any minority members got a lot of cash on him. He is a drug dealer. Don't ask any questions. Don't give them a receipt. Just bust his ass. Bust his chops. Haskell and hell out of him. Just like blacks in his panics, driving through Valusia County, which we know there's no red next. No bigots up there. Just like that guy over there in Fort Myers. And the Colombians are the worst. I mean, how in God's name can anybody get on the air? Can it go anywhere and make statements like that? The fill in the blanks. The biggest scumbags. The worst bunch of direct, the worst. Whatever. So thank God we don't live in the deep south with a bunch of bigots. The real Roger show. Now, exclusively on 5.60, QAM. The real Roger show. Now, on 5.60, WQAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. I could join. I really get my panties in a line. Oh, right. Well, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, who touched the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I hit my little frat, he. Oh, we've been together that frat me. Oh, well, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, well, that's a belly. Oh, well, that's a belly. Well, he's a presidential son. Who doesn't have to run? Someone else is going to win. He might have loved your school right in. He's fired. He's fired. He's fired. He's fired. He's fired. He hasn't golden clue. He was born with up his ass. So look out on YouTube. Oh, it's ready for the gap. He's a Tallahassee. Oh, right. He's a Tallahassee. Oh, well, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, well, he's a Tallahassee. No, above the belly. Well, he's a very wealthy dude. Who's very back to you? Who never paid his dues? By the tear, we're all being through. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. And he's not going to win that race against buddy. But, hey, why do you think they call it killer? The Tory-aligning race. He's a Tallahassee, 90. Oh, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, that's a Tallahassee. So, above the belly. He's a Tallahassee. He's a Tallahassee. Probably a good five, 60, WC. I'm just being more powerful. I'm just being more powerful. So, K2, like, uh, try to steer this asshole like, call the men of the go and write direction. Even though he won't listen because he doesn't want to listen anything. I said, and was so cowardly that he just hung up and disappeared. Again, this is from the book Lost Wites, James Beauvard, the destructive American Liberty, which you all damn well ought to be reading. Once upon a time, possession was nine tenths of the law. Nowadays, gossip is sometimes nine tenths of possession. Thousands of Americans, citizens, are being stripped of their property on the basis of rumors and unsubstantiated assertions made by government confidential informants. Beginning in 1970, Congress enacted legislation to provide government to seize the property of mafia organizations and big-time drug smugglers. In the last few decades, other four-friture laws were enacted and federal agents can now seize private property under over 200 different statutes. From 1985 to 1991, the number of federal seizures of property under asset forpricer laws increased by 1,500 percent reaching a total of $644 million. State and local governments have also seized hundreds of million dollars of property in recent years. Stephen Kestler, a New York lawyer who offered a 3 volume 1993 study on federal and state forpricer rights, the use of forpricer is probably increased a hundredfold in the last ten years. Unfortunately, the more forpricer laws that legislatures enact, the less attention policing to pay to major criminals. Representative Henry Hyde of all people of Illinois noted in June of 1993 that 80 percent of the people who's property is seized by the federal government under drug laws are never formally charged with any crime. Representative John Conjure is a Michigan declared at a June 1993 congressional hearing. A law designed to give cops the right to confiscate and keep the luxury positions of major drug dealers. Mostly in stairs, the modest homes, cars and harder and cash of ordinary law abiding people. Oh, what a concept sir. We wanted to ramble on Neil. Neil, but by the right. Yeah, I got to see it your way pal. We all have to go step and see it your way because you want to still live in a goddamn police state and some of us just aren't going to be quite a beating enough to satisfy you. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Monday I was listening to you talk about books something about God and you said you can't find it. I went out in the web. I couldn't find it. Where do you find this book? A book about God. You mean, of course, all the girls. All the girls. Yeah. Have to buy it from Canada. What does it call farewell to where well the God by Charles Templeton? What the number? What the number? Yeah, please. 1-800-387-1417. Because it's not listed anywhere. No, you know, because you can't buy in this country. God forbid, you should be able to buy something like that in America. It's Charles Templeton. Right. Keep up the good work. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Kendall, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Hey, I just got back from our pension payments. You read my street, oh my God. Yeah. I went down the front of the street and searched us. I told you, I walked down the street and you were shopping for women to take windows shopping. Uh-huh. What can I do like that here? What is it? Why can I do like that here? Because this is a repressed, constipated country. So that's why I can't do like that here. Because we got a bunch of sanctum on the acypricrets. That's why people are looking for like nothing. Yeah. I went to the desert. Okay, let me add a good time. Should we have an open line at day? 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Voiden Beach, hello. Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? I'm a young Volio. And very interested in your topic. I, a couple years ago, I had gone through the DEA system. And let me tell you, it's, uh, it was unreal. What I saw going through those people. It's all about money. It's all about business. The more people they're busted, the more I can't believe your phone went. Don't let up. They are now. They are after that asshole called. They all lit up like I wanted to believe that guy. He's got no clue. He's putting these plain wood people's lives. And he's got no proof on nothing. And I mean, I want to, I'm sitting here reading him right from this book, which I'm sure this guy didn't, you know, he researched this book very well. He didn't just make this stuff up. He's got names and dates and the judges name. And I'm reading them and it's, well, uh, you know, he must have had, you know, he didn't have it on. I mean, you know, we, you know, we presume that you're guilty because you've got cash. There you go. Can, can you imagine, I was just saying the George Zerner break. Can you imagine getting off a plane in Vegas and having a bunch of DEA guys there with dogs and nothing dogs checking the C.P. Have a lot of cash on you. Yeah, well, I'm sure Vegas wouldn't have anything to do with that. Put up with that for five seconds, man. They'd have those DEA people who'd be spitting with the fishes. They know who they're messing with in Vegas. Right. But Vegas, uh, you're wonderful. You have a great show and, uh, I have a different outlook to life because you give me a lot of, uh, aspirations and, uh, meals got go, go, meal. Thanks, pal. Well, like, have a great life. See, this is a show where we talk about the way it ought to be in the real world. I've called a couple of minutes ago. I've never known I had a muffled crappy phone talking about Amsterdam. See, the reason it's so great there is because it's not a police state. Do not harm. Let people live. That's all. We have all these self-fulfilling prophecies here in this country. The more drug enforcement organizations, we got the more people more drug addicts. We have to have to keep them in business. The more things that you make illegal, the more agencies you have to have. The more billions of dollars you got to spend. Instead of taking care of things that really need to be taken care of. So that's why we still have people freezing to death up north in the wintertime. Homeless people in America. All this money that we're going to be spending tomorrow to send this old fart up and outer space again. This space could have that cup in there. All these billions of dollars were wasted on his horsecraft. And we got people starving to death and freezing to death in the wintertime on the street to this country. And we're spending billions of dollars to fight the wicked weed. Because these people, like we've said all this last couple of weeks that we've been talking about this, it's a big goddamn bureaucratic nightmare is what it is. And they have to keep getting bigger and bigger and more and more money because they have to justify their resistance. Drug sniffing dogs, baby, because you might have a joint on your ass. Study like that. Oh my God. The Neil Votter Show. Now, exclusively on 5.60, UAM. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.50, UAM. It's all been previously recorded. Oh God Die All. Oh, what's a nice kiss like you? Aint with some visitors. How a nice kiss like you. Aint with some visitors. It's a sign of fact that a kiss is pressed at open lock. Can't get you to confess what's a nice kiss like you. Aint with some visitors. Oh, what's a nice kiss like you? Oh, do this between you and me. What's a nice kiss like you? Can't entomber between you and me. You're not riding up to hold down a shot. But you do it best. That would only sound what's a nice kiss like you. Aint with some visitors. Oh, yeah! Now you can make a pill of dollars like the bill, where it tastes. The movie is in but with the frosting on your face. What's the matter with you? Now you're here. Oh! Same with some visitors. The cocktail cream. They used to submit to this stupid kiss. Aint with some visitors. Who better sniff? Here's a facts from Alex and Miami. He always wanted to pitch possible to get the book fair while the guy over the internet to the answer is yes. www.canadabooks.com. One word. Canadabooks.com. Fair while the guy by Charles Templeton. And the number again, he says also could give them over the year. 1-800-387-1417. 3-8-7-1417. I'm going to read one more brief paragraph. Very brief, just bear with me. From this book, Lost Right. And I'm going to tell you, if you don't want to spend money to go out and buy the book, it will be in the youth. Because this is a book that every adult, every child, and this country ought to be forced to read. Find all the kind of a guy to the employee state we're living in. Confiscation based on mere suspicion is the essence of contemporary asset forefriture. In the Dear County, Missouri, local police, Syrian, Matthew, Feral, 68, or Farm, based on an unsubstantiated tip from a drug-and-format who claimed that Feral had a vast field of marijuana and used tractors, not fitted with special lights to harvest it at night. Police made no effort to investigate the allegations before seizing Feral's farm. The case against Feral and 34 of the local defense collapsed when the informant refused to testify in court. First, because he claimed that he had learned how to judge, and then because he claimed that total loss of memory. Despite the collapse of the government's case, the police refused to return Feral's farm. They had a change of heart after the Pittsburgh press exposed the case, although they required the Feral sign and agreement promising not to sue before they gave them back their farm on which they found nothing. The case cost the Feral's over $56,000 in legal fees. All right. We got a tip from some informant who turns out to be a whackle and full of crap from some scumbag. And we're just going to come in and seize your property. We're not even going to take this rubber look and see if it's for real. We're just going to come in and do whatever we want. And then you can go to court and spend all your heart during money and work to get your property back, maybe if you're lucky. And let me say it in only because the Pittsburgh newspaper exposed the Fiasco, the scandal, they finally said, okay, well you can have your property back, but you got to sign off and the agreement not to ever sue us. Can't imagine why. Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm a consummate girl. I'm going to call her here. I'm going to call her. I'm going to call her. I'm going to call her from 8 to 10. My host tells me I talked too much and I'm good. Okay, we don't want chronic colors, okay. He's a consummate. As soon as he said, I'm a consummate color. Little bells and buzzer. We're going off in my head. We don't do chronic colors over here. Okay, sir. Just listen because you obviously have nothing to say. He's the consummate color. Chronic is what the word is. Chronic pain in the ass. We don't need you. We don't want you to go the hell away. Open line and date one and brodered five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a call from the hammock. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. The guy that called up the drug enforcement guy who Copyright. I mean, he himself, you know, he conviction self when he says that how the prices have gone down drastically in 25 years. For, I mean, I don't know what the prices are. But I know that they have, I mean, that what other commodity would other, you know, thing that you buy in this economy has gone down so drastically in price. I mean, what does that say about their efforts and the drug war when, you know, I think that their efforts are a joke. It's strictly, it's strictly self-sufficient self-biased. I mean, no one's going to go. I mean, no one's going to go on the ability to kill the ghost that laid the golden egg. That is normal. Let's play themselves out of a job. Right. I mean, all the way from the drugs are all the way down to, you know, your late, your local agents absolutely correct. The war on drugs is this country is one of the biggest forces and one of the biggest myths in the history of mankind. And that's why the referendum, I think, in California, where the voters voted for the medical use, I think, of marijuana, overwhelmingly. Right. And then the government says no, we're not going to, you know, you know, only in Oakland, the county council came in in Oakland and passed by one vote, five to four votes. They passed the measure to allow the people who need medical marijuana to have a place where they can get it legally. Yeah. It's just, you know, I mean, I don't care. I don't smoke marijuana. And I don't either. I don't either. I believe in freeing my illegal income. I believe in a government that shouldn't be a police day. That's what I believe in. Exactly. Exactly. It's just the most of the biggest, fraught, most fraudulent, you know, unbelievable scam that there is. I mean, when you stop and think about all the big to do, forget about whatever you think about Clinton's sex life. But all this, think they made about, oh, did he actually inhale? They asked them, did he try marijuana? Did he inhale? But, of course, he felt compelled to deny, and lie about that. Because the notion that somebody might have actually inhaled a joint of marijuana this, this 20 years ago, this could this qualify. I mean, we're talking, we've remind this all over again. We're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're just, you know, we're still talking. Me for madness in this country. People are just wearing water in this country. They're really, really just don't realize it. But it's unbelievable, unbelievable. Listen to the facts, so I'm in good luck, pal. We have an open line to it, man. We have two of them in Dave County, 5.670, 5.6, the Pont 5.6, the Unremobile One Line. Here's deer field. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Hey, you know, for... Okay, so... Great. Actually, I have a few things, but I wrote them down, so I can be concise because I don't want to get hung up on. Real quick, I was a Royal Howard Stern fan, came down here. What do you mind turned me on to you? The first time you think I'd have a listen to talk radio. You might remember that he was listening, I mean, years and years. He finally called you to the day he was moving to Ohio. And you said, good for you, smart guy, finally moving. Yeah. It's been asking me to take your show and I... In key to guide that keeps listening, the Neil show. And I hear you talking that it might be cancelled. What does the story with that? How long do we have it for? How long do we have it for about another week and a half? Another week. Okay, we got him Amsterdam. Yeah. I'd never been there for two or four. If they say when you go to these cafes, it's like a menu. You basically have a schmardous board, right? All different types, is that true? Yes. And what about out on the street? People can walk around in smoke groups, no problems? Yes. Wow. Okay, also. You're a big hockey buff. I'm very into hockey, unfortunately I'm an out on the fan. Don't get me crap about that. Hey, listen, they won on a greasy goal last night. I saw a part to that game that the legacy kid for L.A. has been playing great. Greasy goal from center-rise, but they won again. Yeah, they did. In fact, Tommy, how does Tommy Stano have three shutouts this year? I don't get it. He must be doing drugs. He can be Olympic, so he's good. He's... he's... he's quick. What you've used on top then? On Felix? On Dennis' part then. And Dennis' part then? Yeah, I think he heard top then. The only thing he ever said in his life that was memorable was A lot of scoops of New Jersey. That was the only thing he ever said that we can recall. Have a great day, pal. I wouldn't waste two seconds talking about that dumb frog. Then he's spot that, okay? Great player, but as a human being, we can't stand him. We don't want... We don't want to get him upset because Dennis, of course. He does have thin skin every time we refer Monashow. He gets all bent out of shape. We heard his feeling. I feel really, really... Okay, we apologize, Denise. Here's a homestead, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, callable about that. I've been money on you. Yes? I was a callable and I had a race for $7,000. Rob Taylor? Yeah. And the security guards, you know, they got that five percent guys up there. Right. So they took me and these five percent guys down to the security office. Uh-huh. And they said to me, how much money you got on you? I said, what do you mean how much money you got on me? What? You don't want to know if I want a law? And a race track they said then? That's right. They took me into security office. And what did they do? What they would try to do? And they would try to say that this guy signed my ticket. But it contacts? Right. And I just wouldn't go along with them. I just said, I don't even know the guy. I had $7,000 in my pocket. And I just refused to let go of them. You mean to say that they paid you in cash? Well, yeah. You know, when you hit a big traffic, they usually write your check-in on the internet. Oh, no, no. Yeah, sure they do. No, that's when you hit for 1780. Right. But this was like $4,000 to some hours. Oh, just small potatoes, right. Yeah, so if you get two guys to sign for you, you're not going to pay for that. But they will watch you. They must have seen them get me the money. Yeah. So you were trying to get a guy there. Exactly. So what do you want? You were cheating the government for Christach. This guy's called me in complaining. Like the 5% or you got to do that for, you got to know where to go and who to see. Man, well, fat rates will turn you on to who to see. We have an open line a day. 560, 560. You know what he's talking about is that when they take the money off the top, if you go cash to ticket at the window. So they have these guys who hang around, 5% and for 5% they go and they cash it. And they're dead beats anyway. They don't file any income tax. And so you want to save all the tax money and just pay them 5% instead of your 30% or whatever, 20% that they take off the top of the government. Here's a guy trying to cheat the goddamn government. Trace that call, by the way. Leave the poor old fart alone. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. You have time long time. All right. I'm not chronic. Well, you took the words out of my mouth before the break. And that's that collar after the break. And I'd like to say that, you know, you're right. This is a jack-booted police state. And, you know, like you said, these guys are just, you know, they're taking our money. They're taking our property and people need to protect their assets. You know, I want to know what's the book. I heard lost rights, but I didn't get the author. James Bolvar, B.O.V.A.R.D. It's a paperback lost rights of the destruction of American liberty. It's one of the most little ear eyeballs of pop out of the sockets when you read this. Right. Well, there's another book you need to read. It's called the authority of law by Charles Weissman. People don't realize this, but the statute is not the law. And there's no jurisdiction in the court. So when they charge you with the statute, they're just, you know, arbitrarily, uh, saying that this is the law. And we're going to do it anyway, because nobody's got lawyers in the, in the, uh, legislator and in the executive branch, which is a violation of the constitution separation of powers. But people don't even realize that because they're not even taught civics in school anymore. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Anywhere I love you buddy. Okay, pal. All right. Have a great day. We have an open line of day. One in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. If you want to be in America, don't walk around with a lot of cash on you. Okay. That's the message. And the darker your complexion is, the less cash you ought to be carrying around. Because we know there's no spartas out there that I have more than like 10 bucks. Right. Wouldn't you say that's about right? Let's pick a number. And then you have to pick a number of black. In fact, if you're real real dark black, and you got more than like, uh, two three dollars on it. Well, let's see. Now how much is this $5 for the vaguenci law? What's the vaguenci law? George, how little do you have to have onion? They can rest you for a very, five bucks, I think? I don't know. It hasn't that changed. I thought it was under 20. No, no, no. Under 20 bucks. How to hell with I ever make it through those years of KAT? That's your member of my story about how the data was on a Sunday in my bank card wasn't working that day. And I was broke. And I wanted to go have lunch over there on the olden road. What the hell was the name of that place? Whatever it was. And I had no cash. And I put my card in the machine and it would work. I thought, geez, I'm going to be fat. It's you. I'm kippered there. And even though it. And I'm walking across the street. And I look on the by the curb. And there's like $6 bills sitting there on the ground. Of course, that's back in 76 or $6. And it's 76. Want me a nice meal and a big banana split? Yeah. And I said, all right. There you go. It's America. They paid the streets with money. Decriminalized pot in Florida. And you make it. You make it. You make it. You make it. You make it. And I'm a lot more alive. That's it. That's it. And you make it. You make it. You make it. You make it. And the hockey company can make it. You should have it. You make it. And I feel it. And you make it. But I'm all alone. I'm all alone. That's it. I'm lost. I lost the youth. I lost the black. I lost the youth. All the youth. I lost the youth. I lost the youth. I say, I am not. I did what you're doing. All right. All come and you don't. We are just like. I'm not that far from the dark. I like to make it. And I like that smoke as much as a rat. I like my soul's taste. I am a huge grape all night. I'm just like a lightning dream, I'm a place, like me and with you love me a lot better value. I have a taste. Spread peace, rice and cream. Blancin and the earth are sea. Just much more might be. Blancin and the earth are sea. Blancin and the earth are sea. Blancin and the earth are sea. Blancin and the earth are sea. Hair! F Citizen에서 Shapeings and view Black and white Oh, I'm proud of you. Oh, I'm proud of you. Oh, I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. It's the rap that you can get my rap that you can. Well, yes, I just want to focus on those parts. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. You got to pull us back first, so now we say 1232 at 5.50. We have an open line in days 5.670, 5.60, 5.50, 5.50 on a mobile online. Hey, Goldberg, it's you'll stay two at 2 o'clock this afternoon. We've only got the boost to it six briefly because 7 o'clock we got Panther pre-game 730. Panther's in the irregular ones. Here's Boka, hello. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you for years and never called them, but the irony of which is top and down. And then you pick up the phone. I'm driving home from lunch. It's 4 lunch at the Boka. I'm 45 year old businessman with a suit and tie on. Yeah. Right when you're talking about the loss of rights, I pull right into a broiled county sheriff's checkpoint. It's radio on. I've flipped the radio up. I look over to my right. And there's a couple of teenagers with shaved heads and ponytails and commarrows and firebirds, etc. Right. And shaken down by the cops. I come pulling up to the checkpoint. Go right on through. Right. I've been 45 years old and smoking pot for 25 years. I'm doing her right for myself. Hi. It's a hard balancing act trying to explain to my son the hypocrisy of the government, but the need for rules at the same time. It's brutal. And you're the voice of truth and I appreciate it. Okay, pal. Doing a good job. Thanks a lot, thanks. That's right. If you're young, if you got long hair, if you look a little on a hippiest side, if you're black, if you're Hispanic, if you're a fag, if you're whatever the hand you are, the government is just waiting to put you over and hassle your ass. And we're a bad, bad, bad tax money to these assholes so they can protect us. So they can keep us safe. Who's going to keep us safe from them? That's the goddamn question. Seizing people's property, shaking people down, shaking down minorities. Oh, yeah. Illegal road checks up there and I would call it the M.S.M. The right to do these road checks. What is that all about? It's like something you're expecting to see at a banana boat country. In a tenth world country. Oh, well, we're just doing spot checks here to see if it was naughty and nice. What if you're late for work? What if you're on the list of spot checks to see if it was got see this is a state where we have no auto inspection by the way, which have been screaming about three years and we'll never get it back. We got the thing where they stick that, you know, the tube up your back, go. That can check you down for ten bucks. And if they really care about emissions, they're more concerned about other. Scored score emissions is what they're really concerned about, but nevertheless, auto inspection people would ball tires with no headlights, with no breaks, their little brown coupe. Does anybody care about that? No. They don't give a crap about that. That's not what they're looking for. They're looking for something to really stick it to you for, baby. So they can, why don't we just fill the prison under every street corner. We could put all the goddamn drug criminals out there. The drug abusers in the jail for like the rest of their lives until the key away. Everybody who ever smoked a joint, everybody who ever had a goddamn joint in their possession. Everybody who ever had a goddamn roach in their assway. Anybody that ever knew somebody that, you know, and of course, if you ever in hailed for Christ, say, Oh, that's a electric chair right away. We're talking about a government of lunatic fascist maniacs. And that's why every time I pick up my paper in the morning and I read about, well, this, these black guys are going to vote for Bush and this, these Jews over here going to vote for. And I want to throw up. I want to puke. And, and of course, leave it to the Harold. Who do you think they endorsed? Who do you think they heard in Doris last Sunday? How many guesses you need to get who's with the B? And I read the whole convoluted argument and it says in there toward the end of their editorial endorsement. It says even though philosophically, on most of the issues, we agree more with Buddy McCay. And, despite of that, we think that Jeff Bush has got the foresight and the vision to lead us into a new state of fascism, whatever it said. And he liked that. In other words, what they're saying is that if we know what's good for us as we continue pandering to a certain constituency in his town, we damn well better endorsed Jim Bush. That's what they said. Because if you read it in the hailed, you know, be on a shadow of enough. It's what's good for the hailed. Whether it's about politics, whether it's about casino gambling, whatever it's about. Whether it's about building that arena there building down there right by the Harold property there with a Mickey Harrison company. If it's good for the Harold, then they'll give you all the propaganda that you've been stuck down. Here's Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Hey, what's going on now? Yes sir. All right, I got a story at a DC40. Six months ago, it pulled over a car. Nice bends. Dr. I'm going to the rough and neighborhood. Yeah. It's in Windows. Don't know when that was inside. They figured they got a drug dealer. Yeah. Pull the guy out of the car. It's Raj Fritzon. Point guard for the wind. Yeah. I mean, they stick them with a DUI or something. Never follow up on him. He's crazy. Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news. What do you say? He said something about the old Washington. Hold up to let it change their name. We have an open line of day-witted, Howard. 560, 560, Pompano, 60. Ah, I'm on the mobile online. For somebody who puts him bad stuff on these cigars, I'll tell you that. Woo! Heavy duty. Yes, somebody who's attended our arrest regards. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Yes sir. I'd like to comment from a physician's point of view regarding prohibition, which you so accurately describe. Yes. A farmer's is turned me in for prescribing opioid or narcotics. And the Florida Board of Medicine ran me all over the state to see if psychiatrists see it chemical dependency. And after a convoluted, extremely expensive experience, the Board of Medicine found nothing and I was exonerated, but he was a very awful experience. And what is the deal is that patients are unable to get treated at the hospital. That's right. Right. So with prohibition, people are going to have to know that they're responsible for the people who may elect. And I so much agree with your program. We need more people like you. That's my comment. Thank you so much. Amen. Thank you so much. Okay. There's Dr. Jack. I mean, Dr. Renable. And that's another thing. You can't even offer yourself without the government sticking their nose in there. You can't do that. Because we got a bunch of people who are right to life people. Almost you a doctor. The Neil Roger show now exclusively on five sixty, QAM. Remember, this is the best of Neil Roger's. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on five sixty, QAM. Beware on the next day. Remember, this is the best of Neil Roger's. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on five sixty, QAM. Beware of exploding ball. It was a cold, steel gray day. Roodle with, Loving in the direction of the sea. Breathing back, cheer with undying loyalty. This is the rest of the show. There's a one night. Napoleon Kaufman. He must have done the field. But the smokey battles are the team locker room. Napoleon Kaufman. He was healthy and ready to do something. Throughout the annals of sports history, nobody did something better than Napoleon Kaufman. Napoleon Kaufman. He did something. How are you doing? How are you doing? Anybody know how important Kaufman did during these days? Anybody know? Come on. We want to find an answer. Quiring mind. No. We want to know. Sixteen till one at five sixty. WQM. We have two open lines in date. County five sixty. Pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Doug. I'd like to talk about the supposed drug war for a minute. Yeah. I completely agree with everything you said. I'd like to take it a step further. I've been in the past five years or so. I think all drugs should be legal because the drug war is unwindable from the Gekko. It's a joke. All they do is raise the street price with these interdiction efforts to theirs. You know, and then make the drug dealers richer. There's whether it's legal or not. It's not a mental meditation. What did to do heroin? I'm educated about it. I think that money. Education. Oh my god. You're getting a little bit revolutionary there. Now sir, education. Yeah. I've been inspiring you know. And according to public about the realities of what this is all about teaching our kids about drugs. I'm hungry. And openly, absolutely. No one. I suppose to just run around screaming the sky is falling. And doing an anti-rangian with the red rest just saying, Oh, if. But it's just, if, if, but a crisis and and you know, over half the crime and this country is drug related. I think, you know, if you regulate it, legalize it. Taxi, you're going to see a drop in the crime way. Big. With that. It's not a long run. Is romantic. And, and not only that, we'll be able to keep these filing criminals in in jail for a very, very long time, it's said a letting them out early to put a dime of dust and drug dealer in there. Let me say it again, the average time that a murderer spends in prison in this country is nine years. We have people serving three people serving life sentences without eligibility for parole in this country because they were growing too many plants in their backyard. It's just unbelievable. One more thing, you know, I'm a musician. I was out last night at the spa and we kind of, they closed down and I was out with my buddy and then we were sitting in my car and the parking lot. These three pop cars come up. They shine the lights in my car. You know, they see, you know, my hair is a little long, so it's my friend. I have all these other musicians don't forget. They probably have a friend's friend. They went through my whole car, took out my bags and stuff that had my equipment in, went through that, went through everything in my car. They have nothing to do out there. They're like bored, it's okay. And what did they find? Nothing. Nothing. Positively. Nothing. The big. Oh, unbelievable. Thank you. The big. Okay, pal. Yeah, he's got a long hair. He's a musician, which I'm sure they must have sensed that they got that six, that six sense. A police effing state baby, make no mistake about it. You're in it. Two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. You have a lot of these things. Lady mobile. Oh, hello there. I'm a first time call from Connecticut and I've been enjoying listening to you. I agree with a lot of your points. I kind of have a hard time listening to you because you do take out things and they know a lot with kind of bugs. Me out a little bit. Hey, you're free to most speech. We have freedom of speech in this country. So, well, did you get eye personal and a Christian? I don't take out the name of the name and I do think that you're like a different title to believe whatever for you. Yeah, right here in title, just say whatever you like. Right. You know, listening to you, it does make it a little hard. But anyway, I wanted to ask you a couple questions about some restaurants you were talking about. One Mexican restaurant has a perfectly pair of cactus margarita. You know, do you remember the name of that? What? A prickly pair of cactus. What are you talking about? My husband's been saying that somewhere in sunrise, you were advertising a prickly pair of cactus margarita. I have no idea what you're talking about. All right. We're new movie theaters. Nothing. Some of the surroundings. Okay. How about how about a Chinese restaurant named? Okay. We have an open line in Broward to and date. Five to go back to Connecticut, lady. Okay. Before it's too goddamn late. Oh, sorry. What is she talking about? Prykley pairs. You know. Yeah, I got a prickly pair for you sweetheart. Two open lines in date. Five six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile online. Absolutely. Unbelievable. Jesus. Go back to Connecticut. Okay. They can even pronounce it right. They're either spilling it wrong or pronouncing it wrong. You don't even have it both ways. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I'm surprised you haven't had a lot of boaters calling you. The Coast Guard is just as bad. I mean, you can have a nice, literally, save off to the gym. Oh, a minute or somewhere. Yeah. And you think you're the, if you do it very many times, you're going to get bored by the Coast Guard. And the reason is they're going to bored us a sailboat or something like that because they've got to have so many boardings in a month. And why don't we start with, they got a quota for that too, which I'm sure they would deny. Just like they did not, they got a quota for writing tickets, which of course, so we know they do. Why would they want to bored a drug boat where they make his shot? Right there. My friend, my friend said he's boat torn up by them. He had the boat torn up. Well, tearing apart, pulling off panels, everything going to look for drugs. And he never has used drugs. Never would. Yeah. And, but they've going out there. And his friends have had the same experience. I'm surprised you haven't had more boaters calling about that. Maybe we will. So I guess the message is stay inside. Lock the doors real tight and stay inside. Thanks, you. Okay, pal. Just like pretend we're having a hurricane, pretend that big one has down there in a Gulf. Pretend it's up here. Just shut her up the house, board up the doors, nail it shut from the inside. Get a lot of your supplies, of course first. That's a good idea. Or maybe just leave a little room on to the door that can flip the stuff, have one of those doggy doors. And that's it. Because our government is busy looking to harass the hell out of you. I'm telling, I wish I had the time. I wish I had the hours. And I wish it weren't so boring to read stuff on the air because it really is. I don't like reading on the internet. I've done a lot of it the last few days. But this book is just amazing. Just unbelievable. What is the one about the Fort Latter that I was reading only moments ago? On the moment, please. To bring it real close to home. In Florida, the date count of commission revised county laws in 1989, we'll have county officials to demolish a nuisance building within 30 days after the police report drug activity at the property. Proof of drug activity is defined in the ordinance as one arrest. In date count. They can demolish it within 30 days. One arrest. All right, we're tearing your build it down, baby. Well, here it is in Fort Latterdale, police use the $250,000 home of a dead man from his air is who would care for him while he was dying of cancer. This isn't for Latterdale. The justification for the seizure, a confidential informant told police that two years earlier, the owner took a $10,000 payment from drug dealers to use the DACA Bouser along a canal to unload cocaine. The informant can't recall the exact date, the boat's name, or the dealer's name, and the government candidly says in its corporate, if it doesn't possess the fact necessary to be any more specific as the Pittsburgh press reported. The police had no evidence that the DC's homeowner was involved in drug dealing and informants vague on corroborated assertion was sufficient to evict the owners and seize the property. I don't want to let all the black from the Jews and the facts and now if you don't vote, then from the third. You're going to see the deal. Jeff Bois, you know something I have voted for you in years and I admit it, and this year I should have registered and I was going to do it which had obviously too late. I guarantee this is the last time living in this country that I'm not going to register to vote because even though it's only one vote, I just can't sit back and watch these not to take over the red line of the country. Can't do it. That's all I got to do. God bless you, sir. Vote early and often. All right. That's right. I'm going to register for the next one and I'll probably be the last one that I'll be here. Oh, thank God. What is that day coming? Oh, please. Open line of day one and Broward 560, 50560, pound by 60 and a mobile one line. This is America. Maybe where freedom is a figment of your imagination. It's a state of mind. It's all relative. Maybe your relatives are free, but you're probably not. Here's a key largo. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You have a lot of them. Everything you say is right on about the government, about religion, about everything. You mentioned something three or four weeks ago. You said two words that I've been believing in for a long time. Yes, sir. Forced sterilization. Oh, absolutely. Now we're talking. It's ridiculous to hear that a 1920 year old woman going in, have been 34, and they still don't knew who the father is. Right. Kind of women's troops. All these athletes, by the way. All these athletes, so these great people are role models. And we're supposed to respect them. They're making 15 and 20 and $100 million a year. Who are like, yes, they're like George Washington. They might be the father of our country. They're running around. They're impregnating every day and bich that they can find. And making babies all over the number. They're not married to this one. The number. And we just don't understand why we got all these problems. Can't figure it out. Make problems. It's just unbelievable how we can allow these women to keep spit now. They be with no father, no court. They be machine-man. Baby machines in the ghetto. It's unbelievable. You can always untie those tubes when they mature enough to take care of their own kids. That's right. Get off the welfare. Everything you say is right on. OK, pal. OK, thank you. God bless me and you. We have two open lines. They're both in date County 560560 on a mobile one line. That bich from Connecticut before. Well, when you take the lower, I should have known as soon as she said, well, I'm a Christian. You know, something who cares. I don't care if you're a Christian. I don't care if you're Jewish. I don't care if you're an atheist. I don't give a crap what you are. You don't have to qualify yourself when you call this radio show. Or anybody who is show by telling me your God damn super religious police, I'm not interested. In addition to which, probably, when you announce to me that you're a Christian, it tells me you're in tolerance and a judgemental bitch is what it probably tells me. Not that I want to be judgemental. A lion. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. I'm hoping not being redundant, but a couple of things I've heard the last few days on your show. This poor guy that got busted for a role is exact paper. I would live it when I heard that. Yeah. I don't recall any role in teaching. I'm saying for a matter of marijuana use, I need to exist cigarette papers. You know, it may come as a great piece of news, but in Amsterdam since I've been talking about that a lot. Many of the people, I would even be willing to say most of them, role their own cigarettes. I'm talking about, you know, real honest to God, cigarettes. Not marijuana. I'm talking about cigarettes, so they have rolling papers. And basically they put in there whatever in the mood, but they do role their own cigarettes. What happened? They still role their own cigarettes. Right. And then have to assume that they may be right, but I mean, they still have proof that you're using it to role pot. I mean, another thing, you know, how about how many clothes all the headshots down the door? Right. That's right. Do you know that in the Egyptian woman's occasion, they've found evidence of cocaine and marijuana. Oh my God. I don't know. I don't cocaine use, but I've been spoken about for a third year. Maybe that's how they levitate the department. Maybe they may float. But over the course of history, people have always wanted to get into a euphoric state. And I don't want your idea. It's not Florida. No, it's not Florida. Neil, I just, you're so right on what you're saying. We, as you're listening audience, I think, or I'm a little hesitant to talk about marijuana use. What? I'm in a restaurant or in public. You know, for fear of the wrong person over here in the Congress, you know. That's right. We got those confidential informants like the books says, everybody in their brothers are confidential informants. Do you remember a few years ago when Bush told people, yeah, if your neighbor's doing something bad, call up the cops, turn it in anonymously. Not like your neighbor. Never die with a mustache. I was reading a thing the other day about all these kids that are being encouraged to turn mommy and daddy in. This is terrible. We're not seeing Germany started out like this. Yeah. And I don't remember voting the power that the IRS has in our government today. Do you, did you vote for that? I certainly don't remember. It being brought up as an issue. What? I'm telling you, Neil, you are still right on. We need more people like you. You should be in politics, man. I was standing behind you 100%. OK, pal. Thanks. I'm very sorry. In the 1930s says this book by James Boulevard, the Soviet regime reported young children who betrayed to the authorities, words of criticism their parents had spoken about the great Stalin. As Robert Conquist noted in his classic history, the great terrorist, Stalin's purge of the 30s, Stalin's idea of a good young communist demanded the qualities of an enthusiastic young Nark. Some critics alleged that the public schools are now adopting some of Stalin's methods. Drug abuse, a resistant education deer is currently being taught by police officers. There's to more than 5 million children in more than 200,000 classrooms each year. Policemen seek to win the children's trust and children sometimes can fight the police to the names of people that children suspect are illegally using drugs. A mother and father and Caroline County Maryland were jailed for 30 days after they had daughter informed the policeman providing a school anti drug program that her parents had marijuana plants in her home. The Neil Roger show now exclusively on 560, P.U.A.M. Remember, this is the best of Neil Roger's, no call today. It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560, P.U.A.M. It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560, P.U.A.M. It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560, P.U.A.M. It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil Roger's show. Now on 560, W.P.U.A.M. Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's the Lauderdale. It's the Lauderdale. My relationship better than your life. All right, I relate you better than your life. Okay. My relationship better than your life. Are you sure? My relationship better than your life. My relationship better than your life. I relate you better than your life. I relate better than yours. But we like about it, that's not a fun relationship where I address my relationships better than yours. Why are you listening to that? What are you listening to? What are you listening to? What are you listening to? What are you listening to? We have no respect for women, drive a cab to make the living fun. I relate better than your life. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I relate to that as a child. I understand how your orders we wear Tindon White are Migting ,Getsum Know Every Month of WiseMining Ian And J�est Hurts Ahmed 👋 Did Michael has appeared on the board last week with Junsu bystroking Mario Fould establishments ofans. No Michael Scott lol All parts all the best of all of that that warm This is terrible. You're trying to take away with these people. We're taught by their parents. I'm not trying to take away anything. I'm just giving you something to think about. Is there something wrong with thinking? No. New is that like a revolutionary concept in this country? Huh? Thinking. Just think about it. They gave you Santa Claus. Was that a lie? No. No. They gave you a tooth fairy. Was that a lie? Uh-huh. Yeah. They gave you God. Was that a big lie? Uh-huh. There you go. So at least they're consistent. But they can't help it because that's the way they were raised too. So just use your own brain. Just think about it. As opposed to just because while you were my parents were this, so who did to help cares? Who cares? Did they have some kind of a lock on the truth? On reality? Of course not. And who the hell is screaming out here in a guy named Hullick? I'm going to tell you something, man. This sales department. They're going to, uh, if there's a lake of fire. They're going there. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. We have a stick of mud against that guy. They're all back here. Okay. Have to leak out the hour every day. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, uh, Mark me down for that DNA treatment. All right. They're coming in like crazy. Oh, the price is right. That's right. I used to be good Catholic Neil until, uh, St. Thomas University. Oh my God. Yeah. To leave because, uh, I was asking too many questions in theology. And, uh, don't, you're not supposed to ask questions, man. You're just supposed to be good in the beginning. Keep your head down. That's right. Exactly. Keep your head down. Keep your head on it. They're so sagged in the shirt. Right. And when those, uh, the stick of the hill are coming out on my door, I grab my red pajamas in my pants. Oh, right. Great. All right, Neil. Thanks for the great tail. Yeah. See you. Okay. We have an open line in the day county five, six, seven, five, six, six, and five, sixy, and five, sixy, and a mobile one line. Oh, have you heard the good news? Yeah, the good news is you're out of here. Okay. That's the good news. The good news is that the door is slamming your face. And I'm going back to watch my day and the soap opera. Whatever. Boy, oh boy. By the way, speaking of soap opera is man, if anybody ever seen so much tourists at the same time is guiding life, wow. We got Dynah who just won't die because she didn't take quite enough blood pressure pills. We got Ben who just won't die because he's a miserable S.O.B. We got Blake who's all of a sudden walking like a miracle now. And Ross is in the middle of all of it. And the, wow, you think you got problems to do on guiding life. And it really cracks me up these guys to tell you, well, what kind of a guy watches a soap opera? And then I was listening to the hanker couple of weeks ago. And he was doing his day or no was managed filling in. Asked him about guys not watching Monday and that's football. And you'd be amazed at how many guys were calling in saying they were watching Melrose Place on Monday night. Now, his Melrose Place, a soap opera last time I checked. Ah, the people watching because there's a lot of hot flesh on there. Hot righteous like we watch soap operas at daytime. Hey, Billy, just keep your mouth shut, Billy. Billy is looking real good on guiding life. If he just doesn't talk, you know, he's got that. He's got that little, there's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I've been thinking about your topic today. Yes. It made me start to think that, you know, if you start thinking back you're in the Renaissance period and all of our medieval times, yes. It was a best way to keep the sheep in life. Yes, scare. If you scare by saying, hey, if you don't do this, you're going to just raise that on a light. Listen more to Dan, that's what that old mad little hair said. Before she ran off with all the money, religion will allow the hell isn't worth a damn. Nobody's going to be into it. Life after death and heaven and hell, that's what it's all about. That's true. You know what? I'm a Julio. I was about as a Catholic, but you know what? The first thing I've always thought is just the Bible is a good book of fiction. No, it's not even a good book of fiction. It's a twisty that doesn't work, then pull our hate inside courses and it makes no sense whatsoever. And contradictions. It's totally good story. And it doesn't, it tells a horrible story. But the thing is, you have to take the good things out of it. You have to take the morality part out of it. You have to take the part, the part, say, hey, you shouldn't kill people. It's not good. Yeah, but if you're children are disobedient, they shall surely be stoned in death. You can't be selectively pious. You can't just pick and choose what makes sense and out of a book that makes no sense in its totality. You can't do that. Fuck, is that what you're doing? You're choosing what you're doing. No, that's not right. I'm not to the nom, that's not what I'm doing at all. I didn't get it out of a book. You've got it from common sense. But you're trying to need somebody to write me a book. I think you don't harm other people. You don't feel their property. You don't hurt people. Stay quiet. I did quite reading a book. I never said I looked my life by the book. Yeah. But what I'm saying is you pick out just like you do. I was at any other book that you can pick up. That tells a good story. It's huge morality. I mean, I can do a bunch of them out there. It's huge morality. But all these people had slaves and they were beginning to be getting and beginning to live with it. Not one of them. All the Saudi Arabia and the insist that was going on. You're kneeling down the really, you know, medieval points. The stuff that really, he gave a point. He's going to be a little medieval anything. I got the book right back here. I'll get to a man book out if you want me to. What's got to do with me to evil or anything? It's right over. Don't throw it at hell. I have a great thing. So he's like he's making a little bit of progress. He's taking like one about a half a baby step. But he can't take the rest of the step. Throw the book away. Okay. That's right. And that's coming right from god himself. That loving God who loves us. But boy he gets pissed off. And every time he gets pissed off his wrath show Waxa because he absolutely fired up winning something today. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. They're at the beginning of Genesis. hot. Some days it's so hot even a listen to waxing. He's the one. Tell you heard Rene Reon there doing that uga booga. I don't know SEE A You can take the biggest off. OK. I'm going to pay. Come play with my small. You don't have the swallows. I have a large clock. Aim into flames when you're going down on me. Oh, yeah. Where is this underbed upon your knees? Shree. And you can get my horse on too, too. And woo! Here I come. The rest of them are too big. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy now? They're the babies. Yeah, they're the babies. Oh, yeah. Wow. 115 is 560 WQM. I got tank over show. It's Shuala State 2 at 2 o'clock. We got the booster at 6. It's the 5405 tonight. We're getting to the big stuff. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. How can you deal? Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Can you please give me a break any d&a. OK, you're number 5,000. This thing is grown like top. See, man. All right, awesome. A third. I want to change the subject of religion. Something something else that affects all of us. About 25 minutes ago on CNBC. Yes. General Reno was on there talking about how the department adjusts this. He just filed an anti-trust lawsuit against MasterCard and Visa. She was saying something or other about it because they're both owned by the same company or something other about their own boat owned by the same banks or something. Really? It was that flawless. So what does that mean? Well, just a part of the big team. Just the anti-trust, the monopoly. So we're going to get some money back? I don't know. She went gibberish to us. Yeah. Yeah, right. He was gibberish. She does that very well. She gibberish a lot. I understand all. I didn't get on the all-for-the technical stuff, whatever, but I caught the gist of it. Yeah. Anyway, I have a shameless request. Yes, sir. Okay. Next break. Can you play case case? Which one? The one that he's cursing. Okay. All right. Also the Neil? Yes. Try our gibberish in the Benjaries. What is this? It's called Gilbert's World. Oh, Gilbert. I thought he said Gilbert's World. I thought he said Gilbert's. I passed on that. My favorite moment of our thing at the last Saturday when we were at borders over by the Galleria was when Gilbert, right after he sang the National Anthem. Where the hell is it? Oh, no. Right after he sang, I mean, it was at the National Anthem. Well, I'm stalling for time after he's sang, taking me out to the ballgame. He said, it's got that I was stomping. And everybody in Unison said, here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. Good show. Interesting show. I respect your opinion. Let me take for a minute. Yes. I'd like for you to go to the New Testament of the Bible. And that gives a good message. Read that. Read John 360. And, uh, are you going to start with that again? You've been going to too many football game for a young couple. I follow my logic for one minute. Before you go on with your logic, let me just say this one thing. Okay. Okay. People who drive around with a little fish on the back of their car. Yeah. And people who go to sporting events, holding up these signs, John 360. These are intolerant people who should not be there. They're unacceptable to me because they're flooding their beliefs, which they're in terrible, believe whatever they want. They're flooding them in places where it doesn't belong. I don't want somebody out there sticking their religion, my nose. When I'm driving my car in the highway that I help pay for my tax money. And I certainly don't want somebody when I go to pay to go to a ballgame, holding up the religious signs of any kind of renomination. Well, God gave us free will. Yeah. Yeah. We can, I mean, we can, we can, sir. Do you realize how stupid that is? God is on mission. That means he knows everything. Right. And so we knew the outcome of all the decisions ahead of time. Right. Well, how can that be? Right. And man had free will. Neil, let me ask, all right. I agree with you about that. Mr. I agree with you about all of you. I have a conversation. Listen to it. Well, listen to me. I want to answer my question. If God knows ahead of time, what the hell, he knows everything ahead of time. Right. How could he give man free will? But he knew ahead of time what choices man would make? How could he have been dismayed in this straw that they made the wrong choices? When he already knew, why did he tempt them? Why did he put, why did he, why did he give them the chance to fail? When he knew if given the chance they would fail? Right. I did not know the answer that question. I couldn't pretend to know the answer that question. Well, how can you bring something that makes so little sense? I know something you don't know. Yes. I have had there's a difference between religion and the spiritual world. I have had a, I have had a spiritual world. That is your relationship with God. I know. And Jesus Christ. Yeah. I've had that. I believe that means. Well, what that means is that we're surprised that, you know, that he was our creator. Does that make, I mean, it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. First of all, when you say, what did you got like two lives in a mouth and a nose? You got a big part of what is that he business? Well, let me, let me say this, you know. I believe that we were created by a power bigger that ourselves. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Why do you mean, if you look at the, if you ask me a question, I give it to the answer. I just, you're talking. Are you talking? Are you doing not believe in God? Of course not. Right. Okay. All right. Good anybody believe anything so silly? I mean, what is your answer? My answer to what? Do, uh, how we're here? My answer to how we're here. How, how would I give you three words? Okay? Yes. I don't know. All right. Well, so you don't know, right? Yes. And so I'm not going to make up some ridiculous story that somebody, I mean, if you're talking, you don't know how we're here. Yes. Okay. And let me take it once that further. I don't know. And I don't care. Well, I know what that I am here. And I'm going to make the best of it. Okay. I don't care about trying to explore things for which I could never have the answer. That happened millions and billions of years ago. Yeah. He can't even listen. We can't even, we can't even conceive what a thousand years is like. Okay. A hundred years may be because some people live a little over a hundred years. Right. But a thousand years is beyond our ability to understand the conflict. Okay. So the concept of understanding of dealing with millions of years or billions of years is so far beyond our scope to understand. Right. See what's the point? Well, the point is, you know, there are things that we don't know. Yeah. Well, that's good. That's good. That's good. There are things that you and I don't know. And let me, what you're doing, that's a good thing. Now, where did our moral standards come from? The Bible, correct? No, of course not. I doubt you're not killed. All the things that you're saying. Let me say it again. Let me say before these silly old men wrote that stuff down. Civilized people, which there were some actually back then, just to come and sense. Right. Understood those things. But the same book that you're talking about, repeated again. It's only one example. Right. Says, this obedient children, she'll surely be stoned to death. That's an old testament, though. Yeah. Okay. People, people, people, people, you're picking and choosing. You can't have the new testament without the old testament. Because Jesus was a Jew. It's all part of Jesus was a Jew. Yes. He bet he was. He said, okay, now, all my lives for one minute. I respect your opinion. Did Jesus refute any of the old testament? All right, let me know. Just follow my life. I want you to answer my question. Okay. Did Jesus anywhere in the Scriptures refute anything that it says in the old testament? I don't know. I don't know if he would answer it. Yeah, I don't know if he would answer it. Yeah, I don't know if he would answer it. I don't know if he would answer it. I mean, did somebody answer it? Well, if he had a purpose of giving the people the real word about what's salvation is all about. There was something in it that was wrong. Of course he would have said he would have done it. But he didn't do it. No, he came to be an example of how to live. And he talked about the same thing about religion. Sir, I want to tell you something. There's a very, very high probability that there was never any such person as Jesus Christ. Okay? Well, I mean, you know, that's, you know, that's an opinion. No, it's not an opinion. It's a fact. There's a very high probability that he never existed. Well, I mean, that's something, you know, that that, that, obviously is your opinion or there isn't a opinion of people that that didn't happen. Yeah. Let me, you know, let me ask you this. Let me get back to the world thing. Who killed President Kennedy? Who killed President Kennedy? Yeah. I don't know for sure. And I wanted that happen. That happened in 1963. Right. That's 35 years ago, right? Right. Now, how can you be so positive about something that allegedly happened 2,000 years ago? Well, because I've had a spiritual experience. I won't use religion because that's, you know, because we're, you know, religion has problems because men and women are in charge of it. What is a spiritual experience? I've talked about that. Okay. I'll tell you. I used to think like you did. Okay? And there's nothing wrong with that. But what, but I also, I used to drink alcohol for 3,000 years ago. Oh, okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Oh, wow. We finally got to the bottom line from one addiction to another. We say hi to our friends over there at Paxon, who were all there over there before we got out. All those recovering alcoholics. And I'm not not going to be covering alcoholics, okay. But if he would have said that at the very beginning of the call and we could have gone through the whole 13 step progress, and we could have saved a hell of a lot of time. And if that's what helps you make it to today without a little bit of whatever of the whole power to you, okay? Maybe it'll help me stop eating a sugar and starch. Maybe I should pick up the good book. Okay. Let's go back here and get the bottle. Okay. I'm holding the Bible right here. The Old Testament, the New Testament, is it in here? I'm squeezing it. I got my hands on it and the Bible too. And I'm still on starch and sugar. How do you like that? Isn't that said? Didn't work? Well, I haven't worked that hard enough yet. Okay. I haven't even got to the first step. Much less to the second one. Oh, my God. I apologize profusely to myself. But like I said, you know, I give these people a ton of time because I'm waiting for the punch line and the punch line was. You could have covered me alcoholic in there for a set of and so on. Great. Here's a lady in my west palm. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I am. My name is Patty. This is me or I. Yes, ma'am. I don't want to. Sure. Okay. Let's see if that made the echo go. It works like a charm. Yes. Go ahead. Well, I agree with the your new religion. But I'm also a personal relationship with you. It's a quite important point. What is then in a personal relationship? Is it come over for dinner? No. He's a lot of a well and plan to have it. But you know, and have him. And have him have him. Have him have him. He's trying to have him. How's under the ground for 1000 miles down? Under the ground. He's down there with pet bull. The journey to the center of the earth. How. Yeah. How's in the center of the earth? That's what they say. The center of the earth is like a molten pot plastic. Yeah. That's what hell is. And you know, the lake fires down there too. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, but I agree about, you know, if everybody would do no harm to everybody else, it would be great except that there is a real devil. And there is evil in the world. There's a real devil. How come God doesn't you're rid of the devil, man? Well, uh, the devil, he can't get rid of the devil because he, he abides by his own laws. If he sets something, if he says something, he's not going to go back on. How about, how about when he got rid of all of mankind except Noah and his family with the family. And he got pissed off because man was acting pretty goofy. He didn't like it. I wouldn't mean he can't go back on his own word. He changes his mind all the time. When he didn't change his right there, he never said that he wouldn't destroy mankind. Yeah. But what kind of a love of what kind of a loving God destroys mankind instead of looking down a wave at his magic finger and makes man obedient and stop doing all the crap and around. What kind of a sick creature are you talking about that you place your faith in? That's just Willie Nilly keeps destroying all of his life that he created. Oh, he got the father. Sounds like a man professor to me. He's got the father and then they've to son you. Okay, thank you. She's not responding like you'd expect because you can't. We have an open line at Broward. Five to ten. And it's said, these are living and breathing people and they're just repeating by rope. The same crafters been pounded into their heads since they were little children. Oh, God is its father and the son. Hail Mary, holy mother of God, but I'll be better. You're right. Say 6000 Hail Mary's. And we can stop all this books. Say 200,000 Hail Mary's. It'll keep you off the street. You're rubbing the rosary beads and father old tools in there and he's rubbing something else. I'll guarantee you that right now. Because he wants to alter your life. Well, what answered you? I don't have any answers. I don't want any answers. I don't really give a crap. Doesn't interest me in the least bit. Be like winding up in the middle of downtown Manhattan without a car without a clothing with us. But you got to, you know, in your wallet, you got to the five million dollars in cool cash somehow. You just wake up one day and there you are in a plush penthouse suite at some hotel in Manhattan. Now, are you going to state yourself, how did I get here? Where did I come from? No, you're going to go out there and have a good time. Or are you going to hop on a plane? Go wherever do you want to go? That's it. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on five six week QAL. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on five six week QAL. The best of Neil on five six week QAL. Neil, y'all. All right. All the white folks, taste the black folks, and the black folks, taste the white folks. To hate all but the white folks, is an oldest establisher who, but you're a national brother to eat. National brother to eat. Lean a horn and share it far, guard and sing cheap to cheap. Fun to new lifesaver. People you just buy, but long as you don't let them in your school. All the poor folks, taste the rich folks, and the rich folks, taste the poor folks. All the white folks, taste all your folks. It's American as apple pie. That's your, an national brother to eat. National brother to eat. New Yorkers love the quest or reconciled that is eaten. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate them if you try. All the products and tastes the Catholics. And the Catholics, tastes the products and the Hindus, tastes the marbles and everybody hates the Jews butters. National brother to eat. National brother to eat. National everyone smiles at. One and another who do eat beef. Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four o'clock, so have no fear. All black people, that is us and last all year. That's the American way. You said it's weird. I'd want 33 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, I've been following your advice and thinking for myself. And it's provoked two questions for you. Yes sir. The first is, you know, you are encouraging all of the older people in date County to get out because it would improve the county. You're encouraging all of the old people. Why not? Why not? Why did I say that? Oh, frequently. Why do the problems with date County is that there are so many old. No, that's Howard County. You got to backwards here. That's Howard. Well, Howard or date. No, Howard. No, Howard. And that's in the same. Yes. No, not the same. Not at all. Well, I've seen a couple of pictures of you. And you don't appear to be a teenager to me. Yeah. I'm just curious. I'm a teenager to you. Well, what does that have to do with anything? Well, I mean, if you fall into a category of one of those old people, are you going to take it all this life and get out of town? I'll be out of this town long before I ever become a senior citizen of your own team then. I think you've been saying that for a while. Haven't you been here? Sure. I've been saying it for 22 and a half years. And I'll say it again. Broward County is an outdoor funeral parlor. That's right. Yeah. All right. Second question. The demographics here are skewed. They're upside down. This is not a real community. You can't go to any other city in the world or real city. A real metropolitan area. And see, says, a disproportion number of old people, not nowhere. Question two. Yes, sir. And I'm not trying to beat you. But all, obviously, not that after the first couple of the conversation. Obviously not. You and your side of your direction is such a great thicker. Yes. I, you know, are obviously anti-religious. Very, very much. So yes. Very, okay. Am I entitled to be on the air expressing that viewpoint? Of course you are. Okay. And I will. And I do. My question is yes. Why them do you wear a Yomiko? Because it's a joke, sir. And if you're too stupid to understand it, because it's a joke. And if you don't get the if you don't get the symbolism of it, then I can't help you. I thought you said that I had taught you the thing for yourself. Gorners tell you in your case, okay. That's exactly why I wear it to point out how silly it looks and how ridiculous it is. Got it. And you understand it. No. He doesn't get it. Well, he's got the dating Broward backward. So, you know, what can I say? In addition to which I'm not wearing a skull cap anymore, I'm wearing a nice baseball cap now. That's part of the DNA student-o-harme. You wear a baseball cap with whatever acute postcard tape doesn't top you want. Maybe it's a postcard with a pregnant pulp on there. Maybe it's this one. That would be good. The one that says would be more careful. It was him that was the god pregnant. It says the rhythm method. It's not infallible. But then who is? How do you like that? There's the pregnant pulp. What a pregnant idea. Either that or he just had one whale of a meal. Maybe too much fish food for the pulp. Maybe too many kibbosses, huh? Maybe too many parrogies there. Lots of Polish food. Maybe make you balloon up like a maniac, like a walrus. Don't you love those pedantic old guys like this one? The pedantic ones who talk down to you, like they're so articulate and so on. So, until it's the nature of the total bosos. It's a joker. The armicator is a joker. It's just a satire. Do you understand what that means? No. Okay. Thank you. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes, afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. I give you a check-in on Hall of Photam along. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Um, lift my butt. Do you want to have lunch with me? I'm pressing engagement or something. You want to like anywhere? I'd like to, uh, to join your organization. Yes. Organization. I'd like to. I'd also like to sign up my two children and my wife. I have four of us. Yeah. And I've worked with six thousand now. Thanks, Neil. You're, you know, you're the best. Listen up. What's flipping around the station last night? Uh, the TV. And, uh, it was some guy, uh, John, Stossel, you know, the reporter. He was on ABC. He was talking about, uh, unhassel. Yeah. And we're talking about these people who are Chandler's, who's a channel, other people from other, Oh, yeah. We're open all that. Uh-huh. And how this one guy and this one gentleman from Brazil had a host so many people in the believing that he was channeling some guy who was like two, 300 years old. So then the guy who was on the car called. Yeah. The guy, uh, would be in one room. And he would be, uh, calling him the answers and the media would be half the need answers and stuff, uh, uh, these questions. And it was so hilarious. And when it came out that it was all a hoax, this was like maybe 10 years ago, maybe 10 years ago. Yeah. That these people still believe it. They don't know what can't be. It's just like a couple of other stuff. They're still sending money to Jimmy Swagger. That's right. It was unbelievable how these people just say, Oh, it's very believable. All right. You all know your right. How these people just say, they would do anything. Yeah. To believe this guy and then they came out. Well, I mean, let me try one for you. They're just keep this in mind. It's good for making money. Santa and the future. There's a lot of dummies out there. Just keep that in mind. The problem was, you know, with the media because nobody, nobody would take and, uh, investigate this guy. And one of the things that they said that he did was that his, his, uh, perfect stop when this guy channeled through him. And the guy showed the trickle what they would do. They would put this little rubber ball on his ribs. And he would push it while this nurse was taking his pulse. Mm-hmm. And it stopped it. It was such a joke. It was so hilarious. Well, anybody who believes that crap is definitely not rubber ball. He doesn't have a bster in closing. Deal? Yes. Oh, yeah. Okay. The real Roger show now, and he's probably on 5.60, B-U-A-L. On 7-R-A. The man who's waiting for me. Oh, right. Nothing but boom hands on my TV. Boom hands on the blue sheets. And they got the man who's on their feet. I never saw the house smelling so nice. And now I'll have a lower my asking for something. But containers lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them dead. Yes. Boom hands. Waiting by five. Open to the studio. The studio. The studio. The studio. All right. That's true. 16. No, too. And they did. 60. How about some cool, eh? And I'll come on. How about some of putting? We have an open line in Dave 1 and Broward. 5.670. 5.6. 5.6. On a mobile one line. We want bumper stickers. We want buttons. We want paraphernalia. What? Hello? Hello? Hello? It was him. Oh, there you go. Here's this great courageous old fart that's bugging George old. They call it 10 million times. The rackety old boy said, It's got to get me off here. And I should die for made this. But you don't have the ball stick along the air. Isn't that something you cowardly piece of turd? Isn't that beautiful? You turd. Nice. What does that tell you? You know what it sounds like to me? When you come right when you cut away all the bullcrap. You know what it sounds like? He's an ocean provacatur. Exactly. A craft this stirbra. Don't have any balls do you tell? Don't want to go on here and have all your good friends out there. Both of them. Here your voice and have you show them the asshole you are to the universe. Show your big fat ugly pimpley dome. The world. Your field beach. Hello. We're going. Okay. Let's go to that one. That was it. That was just a muscle. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing talking like Woody? Okay. Good. I agree with you a thousand percent on what you're talking about today. Yes. I got something I think you'll find funny. I was just pulling on to the highway. And I saw one of these big billboards. Yeah. See those signs from God. And I haven't seen any of them yet. I had a lot of calls about them. And I've read that thing on the paper. I haven't seen any yet. Well, one of them said, come on. It says on commercial Boulevard if you keep using my name in vain. I'll make your rush hour longer. Yeah. I saw that. Isn't that great? Well, that's typical. That's the kind of God they invented. He's the safest. He likes making life miserable for a God day. Well, pay for that. That's paid for that. That's right. He said, let me just do that. And he put up a bunch of billboards. I thought I let you know that. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm going to tell you, bro. Well, God. Plus you. We have an open line in Broward to a date. They all come on. All the goodwill and you nested you believe that way. You're going to burn and hell. Yeah. All those good people. That course that makes my point for me. I love it. Oh, seriously, they make your point for you. Yeah. I've heard it. How do you, eh, vote? Either right. There you go. Just like Tom Lair was singing before. The Protestants and the Catholics and the Jews and the Arabs. And this one, and that one. All killing each other for thousands of years now. And we still can't learn our lesson. learn our lesson to just be people and DNA student or harm and just be everybody alone and stop teaching and breathing hatred and intolerance and stupidity because that's what it's all about. Oh but the good books says yeah children who are disobedient shall surely be stoned to death. Can you imagine that today? Can you imagine all the TV shows we can have on our we could make whammy the stoning station and they might get an audience. All those great little kids who did all those evil things just like every 15 minutes we'll stone another one to that's right there on channel I'll whatever is yeah that's oh god. Now that's you know wasting any time it's stones because the kids are all stone. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Neil. Yes sir. Enjoy the show. You know did discussion today. I'm my son. I don't believe that man born with a sense of content or a year call in a common sense so he's not my question with the DNA. He's not one of common sense. No I mean common sense or conscience is learned it's part and that would be the role of religion is to define. Let me ask you this question. Do you ever have a dog in your life? No I have that. But you've been around dogs I'm sure right right right now when you're around other people's dogs for example those dogs bite off your hand. Not necessarily. So I don't mean not necessarily but do they do it. No no they don't do that. Do they attack you do they rip your neck off and they open up big gouges and bloody wounds in your body. Well some might try if they're if they're brought up. No no no no no we're talking about dogs that are in bread for them. We're not talking about pit bulls. I'm talking about your average ordinary dog. No they don't. And why's that? Because hopefully because they're us bringing from their owner there is no you can't sit down and say to a dog because I have two dogs with everything since they were little puppies. Okay you can't say to a dog. Don't you this guy's hand off. The dog instinctively knows certain things at birth instinctively knows right from wrong animals breed right. The somebody teach animals the facts of life that birds in the bees. Of course not because they know it instinctively. But my point is they're instinctively. And they're in the basic knowing right from wrong you don't have to read it in the book. Okay if you know that if I have a car you don't take the keys and drive away with a set common sense it has and you're born with that nobody has to teach you that. So you it is because of your upbringing. But let's let's do an example that's a little more not so clear. You like to gamble right you go to the track and you like to as you call it plunger brains out. No I don't have it. I like to gamble little but you know you have the means to do that. Yeah let's say a man with a family goes to the track and defense his last hundred dollars that was supposed to go for groceries now has he harmed his family. What does that have to do with what we're talking about? What I'm saying is somebody has a guy that's got a compulsive gambling habit. No. It has a drinking habit. What does that got to do with common sense? You know somebody has to define what harm is and that is the role that religion takes religion defines. No, no sir that is not the role religion takes. That's the role that it's a little later. Let me take you again very clearly. Read my lips. That's the role that the law takes. Not religion. That's the role of the law to define what's right from wrong. Not religion. But the law is a Christian scientist like this one over in Tampa a few days ago that a little kid who you're old kid died after got the beast thing just like that disgusting thing. That's not the role of religion and it's been overruled by the law in this country time and time again and hopefully always will be because just because people are crazy with their religious above of my students and superstitions doesn't give them a right to do harm to their children. You're right but religion will people who believe in the religious foundation of law will tell you that law came out of religion not the other way around and so you always have to have some defining that of rule. Law came out of what religion sir. Law came out of what religion. What the think of the manor the basis for all is a lot of Christians are they really all laws in the world came from the 10 commandments. How about the the country and what are we going to ask you this? How did the Asians learn about the 10 commandments? Where was the Old Testament in the in Asia? Well I don't I'm not meal I haven't been to church in three years so I'm just telling you no no matter what I'm murdered I was murder ever legal in Asia in Chinese or Japanese decided was it ever legal because they didn't know the 10 commandments. Somebody defined and they're fine. How could they possibly define it unless it was just common sense? I don't know the answer that but what I'm telling you is people are going to tell you how can we hear how can we have a conversation? I'm trying desperately especially with people that disagree with me. I'm trying desperately because I'm trying to get the agreeing I'm just telling you that you will have to be the final answer my questions you have to define harm and you can define what harm is to everybody and say and everybody agree so that's where well let me ask you this what is the great where is the great area about doing harm to another person or is the great area because what's harmful to you because if you're talking about your professor sir just a minute you're talking about people with compulsive gambling problems. Oh it's not but but to the gambler does he see the dead harmful? No maybe not. Of course I was when it goes home and he can't pay his bills in his family's term that doesn't of course he does that and that's exactly what I'm saying do no harm if he's having this fancy farming this a family what is this you that's common sense to the gambler who's compulsive it's not no he's no he's not sure you're wrong he knows it when he goes back and he keeps you and being able to do it sir you don't let you not the only have a conversation because you make no sense do no harm and when you're harming yourself or other people I mean who want to harm yourself that's your own business I guess we'll go to the effect of the people that's harm. That's some big great area that we have to have a god damn committee on and have a big discussion about very it's common sense. Not complicated. Now here's my good friend and my mebeach you think he's actually going to hold on. Hello. Miami Beach. Rochester Rogers. Yeah right. Yes. You're going to be here. I'm what? I'm off the year guess what I'll be back tomorrow and the next day in the day after that what is it? No I'm not off. You'll be in the red to go hell. I knew you. Yeah. Where would you be? Where would you be? The commels you wanted to red to go hell. Yeah. You belong. You belong but some people like a good little boy. Yeah. Look at good little girl. I mean you have a mental problem. I'm just a little boy. Oh this guy's not worth wasting time with. I thought it was something like you know interesting. This guy's not worth the wait. There's just some old the disgusting the crepid piece of crap on the beach. All I can say is you turned him a break. You didn't even let him along. I'm going to call you a second. I don't care about that but this guy's worth the wait on line. This guy's 100 days got four feet in the grave this guy. Jesus Christ there's a baby's being put in dumpsters. This old fart's taken up space. Dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. 15 years ago in Montreal was a guy got a radio program, a sports program called Ted Teason. Yes. All the sudden every time there was a Canadian coffee game on in between periods. Some guy would call up and start getting an analysis of the game. No that guy was Ron Roosh. Let me tell you something. Three months later after six years on the air, Ted Teason gets fired and who takes his job. Ron Roosh. Yeah. I stole his job from him. What was that have to do? I don't have no idea who that is. I hear all of a sudden Ron Roosh calling your program. Ron Roosh. Which color is Ron Roosh? Ron Roosh is the guy who gives the coffee games. Who gives the hockey games what? Who analyzes the hockey games? He's the announcer. He's not. We don't have anybody who named Ron Roosh. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. Go back to Montreal. Okay. You crazy old frog. Yeah. Thank you. I hope this guy up with the other one. When the old lunatic on the beach van, a match made in heaven. Whoo. Here's a mobile into Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Do me a favor. Do you forget all those guys? Those guys are a bunch of our punches and smoked the stuff that got from money. You can do me a favor. Can you give me a little Larry King? Here's our friend, the astronaut. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Okay. I got one minute. I had a very quickly. Let me tell you why I'm an astronaut. Because if I had a teach one more child, he'll marry always going to scream. And that's the reason why I got the content. Because it's a good and I really couldn't in conscience. Try and take young minds and put them into that particular frame of mine. Okay. Okay. It's up. Bye bye. There's our friend, the ex-none. She got out of it because she knew what was the bad habit. That's right. And she got her to shave in her headball too, by the way. So anyway, that's going to do. Do we have one call on here today that made any sense? No. First not. VNA. We want bumper stickers. We want pins. We want signs. We want billboards. Do no harm, man. No. Very common sense. Do no harm. That's it. That's our new deal. Doesn't cost you a dime to join. Don't have to rush to temple. The church. You don't have to pay any dues. Any fees. Send any money to any faith healers. What is it? Hey. Deal. Yes, thank. Oh, I got a story for you. Okay. I got a call yesterday from a reporter in Las Vegas. So you'll never guess who's out there buying up businesses. What a family do you think that's moving into Las Vegas? The gotty family. No. Go south. Not Wayne High Pingu. Oh, yeah. Wayne is buying up stuff in Vegas. Auto dealerships and waste management. Oh my god. Well, we'll have to look for a new place to go. I guess. This is a fun joint. Why not? I'm going to use them as a contact. It's comp. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. He'll give you a comp. Remember the end of what the hell was that movie where James, Tom was in the James Woods was in the what? What's the pun of time in America? Oh, yeah. The garbage truck at the end. Yeah. I'll wind up with some hack-up poker and some roadside wind up like Rob did. That's right. Unbelievable. So you'd like that one. So when the deal going to be finalized, when do you make in the deal? I don't know. They call me and ask me to check on it from this end. You know, that they had heard out there that they had been seen out there and and was seeing the company of Steve Wind. Yeah. And that he was looking at the fireway. If he's acquiring auto dealerships out there, I think different from what he's been doing. But maybe the good news is that means he's getting out of here. Well, that'd be great. Not a. Oh, yeah. Move the family out west. Right. Oh, my god. You find the gave us a ray of hope. He's going to move pick up the whole damn thing. Move out there. He's going to because we know we want to unload the panthers. He's already got the Marlon deal basically done. He gets rid of the panthers and dolphin to be after that. No, he keeps the dolphin. But from maybe he could leave the pan tangy leaves behind, you know, just to look at. Thank you, pan tangy leaves. There you're going small potatoes, just like Wayne. Okay. Thanks for the good news, Hank. All right. Okay. Thanks by the way for pulling the hell out of our pizza off life. Then we did a great job. We had a beautiful turnout. Yeah. Okay. Thanks coming up next. And then we got, uh, what we got? The booster at six. And we got the big ball game that I should be one way out of a pitching series. San Diego at Atlanta, 745. The Neil Roger show now on 560 WPAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.