16. You, A, L, Father, You happen all the way. I'm a Catholic. All right. We are the night, What's there up fight? I'm the cause of you, Because now it's causing That I'm all in the hands. What happened? We don't know. Something is missing us, But you won't tell. So we'll have to cry. What did you do? Cry? What did you do? It's not so long. He was standing on his whole floor And he was crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. It's not you. You understand. What's an answer there? Shut, smile. I don't know why. You're aging too. Clays the top reports on truth. I want you know someone So tell me what's the score? Crying. What did you do? Exit gently. Or just me, Maybe. You're lying. What did you do? Yes, now it's gone. And from this moment You're asking, Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. Crying. You know. You know. You know. Yeah. But it's just me, Maybe you're lying. Right in the way, or even cry and resentment Good time. So tell me what's the score? Crying. And we'll be with Donald. And from now on, good time. And we'll be with Donald. Good time. He followed our drop of light flies, baby. Esther O'R. Sid. Sid, how do you like that? Before we get to left the road by the way, in the fact that she was a big fat stereo type. Kind of like Andrew Mama. Oh, she was. Then was a bad show beside. I mean, we're, you know, sorry that she did. Because she was from here. If she wasn't from here, we wouldn't be quite so sorry. But we're sorry because she was a local lady. And by the way, she went to a, um, what was her call? She went to a school that was called. I'm looking in this article here. I'll find it. I've got a lot of time. There's a little bit. Nobody going to be listening to the anyway. We got this. These goddamn impeachment hearings going on and every network that's ever. Oh, she attended Pompano Beach College School. What color was it? Where she learned from books passed down by white students. You know, this, this country, man. This is a growth test. Bigoted, unacceptable place. She went to Pompano Beach College School. In fact, I can remember when you were working in Minnesota, WSPV 1973. At the dog track, they still had like some of the remnants from the 50s and 60s when they had the segregated water fountains and toilets and so on. And everyone had said like white people's retrorullets and the drinking fountains and then the dark color, you know, et cetera, it's all. In fact, even the dogs that were dark had a one-legged separate races, I think. That's sort of dog track. But anyway, I see Hawk's clear. I'm not going to answer questions about the little incident. That's why I played at Bryan Blades thing. Seattle Seahawks receiver Bryan Blades. My answer questions under oath about what happened in the 90s, cut them with fatally shot at his house and appeal score ruled on Wednesday yesterday. Blades 33 and Charles Blades 34 were alone when Charles was shot at Bryan suburban four-later day home after a night of fourth of July drinking in 1995. It's only three and a half years ago. What's the big rush? Blades is called the shooting and accident. A jury found Blades guilty of manslaughter but a Broward County judge last October overturned the verdict saying there was not enough evidence for conviction. Blades is now facing a wrongful debt lawsuit for unspecified damages, filed by Mar Shell Henry, the mother of Charles Blades teenage daughter, Crystal Sherry. Are you following these names that don't like all seem to quite to match? A attorneys for Henry and daughter want Blades to answer questions about the night his cousin was shot in the chin as the series of arguments between Bryan Blades and his brother Benny formally will be Detroit Lions and Seahawks. Bryan Blades is so far refused and spied of three corridors saying he cannot invoke his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. Blades attorneys have advised him not to answer questions because of the possibility he could be brought up again on criminal charges. The fourth district court of appeals rule to yesterday that Blades waited too long to appeal the first course ruling that he must answer questions. We can still file a motion for a re-haring which we're considering said Blades attorney Michael C. match in a Fort Lovardale. John H. Pelzer in attorney for Henry and her daughter said he doesn't understand why Blades would fear criminal charges if he's already been acquitted and his cousin's death he was pleased with the ruling out Wednesday. Re-what it means is we can move forward on the case and Mr. Blades is going to have to answer the questions or stuff of the consequences. I'll refuse you to answer your tells or say to be chosen. So our poll question today which is taken along or a John Bene Ramsey or Bryan Blades. Pretty nip and tuck. All right, see, she was killed by a year ago while Christmas. So this will be two years. This coming Christmas. What about right? Okay, let's do the break and then I'll come back and talk about what a big period of a period of a typical, oh, she was a big fat and chumama. Huh? Everybody liked her but she was everybody liked a big fat black face. Don't they? I'm gonna say, you're making, of course. I mean, if it's a big fat you're making black face. Yeah, oh man, they'll make your life living hell. You're in teeth. They tend to be real pushing and domineering as opposed to the cheerful like I don't want to make any stereotypes here. But no, seriously, don't you find that big black women tend to be very cheerful and jolly and fat and died in early age, although she was 78. That's, you know, lynching at 78. It doesn't say what she died of, maybe like to a little bit too fat, but 78's not too bad, Esther. 10,09 and 5, 60, go when you're feeling walking. That's what I'm trying to do. The girl crazy about her. That chicken Ontario. I love the smell, sorry, but she doesn't do it until she gets to work out where her head is staying, so I just need to apply it a little bit. But if it's a little bit, just get hot with the worrisome nonsense say you can't do it, so you know what? But she's the samaroid I get whoa and my turkey's when it's and that her volver. I guess she will be definitely much worse than someone. If they're not chewy with back and forth, them have light in their eyes as they work. I've been doing crazy about it. I have to admit. I know what is cool hearing him. I've got to go to a quarter or four. I took 15 to 5.50 WQAM. I'll be four year in a van. We really got to take a survey and find out if the public wants to hear the impeachment hearing today. The president. Here's a little sample. Yeah. Or there's kind of star that Nazi. He's got like a little swan sticker. Right above his little, uh, let's eyebrow there. And they're like, I'm starting to grip the growth of a little mustache. He's got a little growth this morning. And here's Henry Hi, the filandering son of a bitch from Illinois who messed up as poor guys life up there in Western. So let's fight out because he already wants to know why you're show today. Or do we want to just open up a pot? Because I know there are people on this station. We're anytime to get an opportunity. They just open up a pot and kill a lot of good times. I don't blame them for that. I mean, what else wrong with that? Just open up a little a pot and then smoke it. Or then just put it on here. Let's find out if these people yes or no, let's do a quick miniser by here and find out. Do you want to in impeachment hearings? Or should we just continue a patending you do a show here today? Because I know we're playing with an empty deck today. He didn't care. Or it's party drank. Please, I've figured out. I'm denying the maker of the motion. The right monster. We've got a bad speech. We love Barney Frank, baby. There's one fat wicking all admire. He's such a me. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. He pomp five, six, six, the animal will one line. Here's Miami Lake. Hello, Nihon. Are you okay, sir? First for the, for the poll today. Yes. I don't know. I don't want to see that stupid kind of star. I got on TV talking about plenty. I'm the second title described this crap. Yeah. Anyways. I want to congratulate George for doing a fine job. I think you're history. That's old news. Yeah. Okay. And I think he's doing a great job. And glad he's not putting the tape anymore. And glad that he's on there. Yeah. But next week, Thursday and Friday, you'll have tapes because you're going to be on vacation. And I'll be in Vegas. Oh, really? So those people are Jones into the tapes. At least you'll have two days so they can be pacified. Well, I don't wait on mine. It's all good stuff anyway. It's all great crap, you know. Well, we'll miss you guys on Thursday and Friday. I wish we could say the same. Okay. I've ever made a face. Okay. By the way, Channel 10 that I'd love to talk is that piece they're doing on me and boy, they're sure teasing the hell out of that. Thank God for Channel 10. My close personal friend Diane Magden, even though George off the year just now made horrible comments about Diane's hair. No, she's a very nice person, but she just can't find her hair niche. Ever since she's been a, I can remember the only times I've ever spoken about her until she did this piece on me that I'm ever over the years. The only times I've ever had anything to say about Diane Magden was about her hair because every five minutes it changes. Kind of like Bob Eisenberg's hair color, it's the same thing. Changes like every five seconds. But who cares about that? She's a sweetheart. So I'll have to clock on a channel 10 news tonight. They're doing a major piece on me and they were teasing the hell out of that this morning. And there I was hearing that's a little black dog that's day and rat. Hearing them in my arms like there was like some affection or something involved there. I guess I was on a way to the microwave. Is when they caught me with little dog. Yeah. Yeah. She had tiny little piece of crap. Okay, let's go. Let's, we better do this before 10 30 because then we'll figure out because there's still, there's still, do it like four play. Okay. Yeah. That's, uh, representative Della Hunt. I can, we say that on a year. Then a crowd of Massachusetts. We can't say that. Here's Tamara. Hello. Where do I go? Oh. Oh. Three. Oh. Oh. Three. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I hated him. I still hate him. Jimmy Walker. Oh boy. One of the most objectionable. I mean, I don't want to like pee on the parade. This lady was loved by everybody. And she was very nice. And she played a real, anti-mama issue. A stereotypical character on that show. And it was not a good show. It was a bad show. I mean, there was the Jefferson's was a good show. And it was good times, which was a bad show. It should call it bad times. Bad show. Mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Yes. Oh, yeah. Okay. Go to presidential. That's the video. Clap. Is that a no? That's a big no. Okay. Okay. He said no. We're trying to take a little quick pull here. Come on. Let's go. We've got a couple of lines. We're taking a survey. This is very important. I mean, we can open up the pod here. Very ago. And play four hours of this crap. It's on the words the list. It's on ABC, CBS and BC, CNN, MSNBC, PBS. And the C-Spanth Court TV. Every goddamn television radio affiliate in the whole free world is carrying this crap today. Is it for supposed to continue to be caring about this? I mean, for my own personal perspective, all I can tell you, if you would ask me do I care about it? I would tell you it. Oh, and, fathically, I would say, no, I don't. I'm over saturated. I got Monica coming out of my record. I've got Linda Tripp coming out of my record. I got that Lucy and Glover bitch coming out of my record. Enough with us already. And I can't have star that fact. That fact is son of a bitch. He's coming out of everybody's record. That's every time you take a dump. There's kind of stuff going on. Okay. And this Henry hides son of a bitch. You know, he's, look, he's read in the post. And which really shows up because he's got that white here. That frosted white here, which crossed my ass a little bit. And he's read in the post. And ought to be read in the post within harassment. That he's growing the president about getting blow jobs from Monica. And here this guy had enough air for how many years. And lied to the bitch and told us woman that he wasn't married. And then screwed up and broke up this poor bastard's marriage. This old father lives up there in West and now that's sitting there holding his head in his hand. It probably have gunned to his temple. Because of this Henry hide, Henry's hide. Oh, well, there was in his younger days. He was only 41. Oh, excuse me. He was young and foolish. He was only 41 when he had this illicit affair. And he's sitting there acting as, you know, some kind of a, inquisitor. He's a crap. Here's a mobile in tabernir. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. First I like to say George did a heck of a job. Yes, he did. I think if they put him on a set of the worst team then follow up with you to go to show going. I think now you're talking some sense. I think that makes sense. Yeah, more sense than I've heard. Right. Oh, because that morning show blows man. That this business where they sit around. They kind of like poke at each other. It's poking at each other for four hours every morning. They're just contrived controversy and they take a little shots back and forth like a bunch of little kids in a sandbox. I mean, that gets old after the first 20 minutes. I mean, I'm a roll over to who hank from you. Right. And because I've never followed for that. Well, my hank is a broadcaster. You know, right. They're trying to do your show and I'm warning you. They think they suck. They can't do that. And he goes doing all these cornball lines about on doing Geter hot long. Yeah, he on. Yeah, and all this other bull crap. You know, that Geter stuff. I would say the George when we heard the last five minutes of that show this morning. Instead of with that Geter song again, is it how far would you say games, Willor? About 300 miles from here. A thousand, please. No, but seriously, I think that's really a 300 miles away. And and tell a hashi, SS and you, that's got to be 400, 450 away from him from Miami. Right. So other than the, the silly people that can't get over the fact that they went to school there, or their kids go to school, or other than those people who cares about that crap. Right. Well, anyway, painful, a listen at them. And I damn sure don't want to listen anymore about Monica or the rest of the crap. Okay, that's not always enough for sure. And God bless you. Have a good day. Okay, we're taking a survey here because we won less the audience. Just side, we want you to pick and choose what we do here on the show. Do you believe that? No. Well, it's time for a good. It sounds like the American way. Isn't that the way freedom is supposed to work that you'll pick and choose what you want to hear and see and read. That's the American. Hey, man, sweetheart. Open line of day five. Did I tell you yet about my experience in top of the park last night? No. And who I met up there last night? Wow, wait till I get into that. That's almost as exciting as that. Is that the role died yesterday? Here's point and beat, shall I? Yellow. Yes, sir. Oh, I want the appearance to go on that. You're the first time Kenneth Stark gets to speak. Look, we'd buy war. He wasn't allowed to speak beforehand. All you did was see him going out with garbage every morning and smiling with his coffee. And walking with that thermos and. Yeah, exactly. By law he couldn't. So this is the original neighbor that big-side Democrats are congressmen from New York. He's a real big-side one and we're going to watch that. She's going to explode. Exactly. Oh, my God. There's a thing. This guy must not be missing too many meals, you know? But no, seriously. Yes. People on the Democratic side, number of public. But people on the Democratic side want this to end. Tell these guys to stop and flip up and have a re-hide. Let's get on with it. They wanted to flip the whole year. Are you listening? Well, I'm watching. I know. Did I see that the. The. Here are a star sitting there very impatiently looking around and funnling with his papers. They're trying to drop the year. He wants to be heard of. We have an open line of day one at Broward in patient hearings or not. We still have time. It's three to one again so far. We still have time to get this thing on because like I said, this big-side head and guy from New York. This neighbor guy. He's got pop pop pop pop pop. Mr. Start your calculation of 200 of 100. I'm not put it back on it. Mr. Star is going to sit here for a hundred twenty minutes and tell us why the president or the president is at the New York. And he's entitled to do that. But you had to that. The other time that the. The. The. This is almost as good as Bobby Boy. A press conference. We had a word. One side. We can't get that. Bob. Okay. Man. Gerald. Me. New York. Get him on the. Atkins right away. I'm serious. He may say. He's got a. He's got fat in places where it's illegal and Florida. I said it that he better stay there. I'll turn the York. Or up in DC because if he comes down here, he goes right in the Huzgo. This guy's got fat in places it hasn't been invented yet even in his back home. That's what I think. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. He's doing okay. Um. Yes. No. Maybe. Okay. Good one. Oh, delighted day. Five six. Have a think about it. Here's course. Bring some. Capital in. Capital. Oh. That's well. No. Okay. That's it. That's the American. We got to take at least four or five hundred of these calls and find out what they can sense is of the audiences. Okay. Of the 40 people who are still listening as opposed to the ones who took off from work today for a home glue to their TV sets. Because like I said, every network, CNN and MSNBC, and ABC and CBS and Dumont and DuPont and maybe even Buddy Bud. What that package that you see that they got a number. There's stock is still in the crap over the got a little bit of a number with those old crappy shows. They had a 1.1 or something like that and they're making a big case for that. That the numbers on that garbage that they're showing are higher than what they thought they were going to be. That's going, Buddy Bud. Anybody want to buy that stock? No. Okay. Here's a mobile and home state. Hello. Anyhow, you're doing. Great. It's a big note. Is it on job? Yeah. You got the religion, people and all the politicians to ship them off the Cuba. No. Okay. Thank you. They're on their way. Okay. It's five to one again so far. Open line and powered five six seven oh five six six. It's in the president's attorney was sitting there with the real, he can't wait. He's going to give his life. He only gets 30 minutes to go later on. Star gets what? Two hours to make this preliminary speech. And then they're going to be grilling him allegedly. The panel. They're going to be asking questions. And then the president's attorney there gets soap in a piss post and grill him and just absolutely Lacerate him verbally from head to toe. Maybe even physically Lacerate him a little. That's it. This God then no good right wing fascist judge can't star. Who's got it. And by the way, he's mentioned frequently in his book. This lost white by James Bovart and ever and this is long before Monica Lewinsky. This was written a couple years ago. And every time his name is mentioned in here is with another fascist ruling of his and another anti human unamerican fascist. That's the American fucking way. That's right. So you better get with it kind of start because your days are numbered in single digits. We got your digits right over here. 1026 to 525. It's like it would be like having a campaign to legalize prostitutes in America. And what they're really saying is then you're putting a criminal ability to teach people that it's okay to hate gay. Don't you want to do it? You're right. It's not a channel 10. It's right. Local, late crazy tonight on my wrist is new. Better luck. It's at its booth. And I'm thinking what's going to give us some away? What, you know, they got some incredible piece of video. What's happening? So of course, you know, me being a pushy broad I am. I make my way through the crowd of people. And I see this piece of the putting together tonight on you and your significant other. And it looks fabulous. Yeah. And I got a little sneak preview. But I did. It's morning, which I hate to say that I never watched you. Good morning America because I hate that you'll. But I did turn over there, specifically because I knew that this piece was coming up tonight. Oh, it's going to be great. And that they were going to tease it. And the tease was longer than most of the pieces that you get on TV. So this is a long piece. I don't know how long it is. But I like the long piece. And it's a long piece. And it's a long piece. Great. Long piece. And it looks like it's going to be great. Maybe feel like I'm back and I'm still down. I think that's exactly. Thanks, Gail. Okay. You work on have a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Bright from Channel 10. You might significant other. That was kind of a music. You're Donald B. Amuse by that. My roommate. Yeah. Have a nice roommate. I have two nice dogs. I have a nice house. A nice pool. A nice microwave for the one nice little dog. And it's a lot beyond it. My blood and a clock on Channel 10. Plus, I'm a nice guy. That's the thrust of the whole thing. And she's not a mean spirit in anti-centababic. It's just a guy damn radio show. He happens to be a really super nice guy. That's what my good friend Anthony told me. It was like a comp孩 is a kid or somebody called me. It's like a Darrylhamcross Revolt agent. Tighten when you storm it up and then do you get the table right next. The discipline, then if I get stabbed下來, all the pains. It's something real. Kind of like déjà-long. Nothing to worry about. I can't really go. Where does our neighbor come here? Yeah. Come on. Bottoms up. Give him to the parking lot. We could add Mr. Jika and Mr. Hyde or something like that. So at any rate, I'm at the track last night and all of a sudden, Jess who comes over to the table, I'm sitting there with Fat Rich and our friend Derek. And Jess who comes walk at Waltsing over, how many guesses do I need to give the audience? Okay, this will kill a couple of good hours. Lana? Whoa. Mad Max, he has an air. Oh. And Todd Winick, a sales owner, we didn't know what his title is. Is over there with clear channel format your fat? So that's about my mind. Right, next by the way, is getting a lot of weight. But in any way, in which made it even more embarrassing when it gave me a bare hug. I mean, Max, you're, you know, I was going to say you're a good guy, but then I would be really exeggering. Oh, he's okay. But I mean, do I want a hug Max? I hug Lana, we got a nice big kissable tongue in there. Step on her foot too, by the way. We know I said it's weird art, but anyway. And the old passion people who are now with clear channel. And I said to them, oh my God, please find me a job. Get me out of that place. And then Ron is says, well, you remember Todd Winick, our sales, whatever his title is. Because he's a Luan Winick, so husband. And of course, Luan, when it is our sales manager here at QOM, this is kind of one of those James Carval Mary Maggillindials. That is your name. Isn't Mary Maggill and his method? Uh-huh. Something like that. And I was thinking about this last night. After I met Todd Winick again for the second or third time, he's kind of a forgettable guy. Although he did say, you said, you know, all those things you say about my wife and I said, he said, they're all true. He said, I don't feel bad. Don't feel uncomfortable. You know, talking to me here because everything you said about that picture is true. A real pain in the air. And of course, with the thing with James Carval and Mary Maggill, that's all political. So they can put their apologies aside when they happen to sack. But in this particular case, I mean, one guy is like a sales maven for queer channel over there. And here we got her up there, who's supposed to be the sales maven for QOM for the beefy green folks. Don't you find it a little bit touchy there? I sure do. I find real uncomfortable with that whole deal. It's personally her. But anyway, he said everything that I said about her is absolutely correct. So anyway, Ron has said that they'd love to have me back and that we went on and on. What are you smoking about, huh? I said sounds good to me. Oh, yeah. Not that we're going to do any contract sampling. Nobody suggested anything like that. We were just talking glittering generalities as old friends. You do understand that. But I mean, it sounded real a pyrrata. And my, the line that I used, which I think was very interesting and very, I proposed it. I'll tell you what. I'm keeping my options open. Is what I said. I thought that that was a very diplomatic way. And it summed up the way I feel about life. I mean, well, I'd even use that just down the road a little bit. It's not worth it. Right down the road. The formal passion for channel people. Lots of road. Just a matter of blocks away. But they're not broadcasting in that building, are they? All right. No. Did they move just going to Hollywood building? Well, Wednesday. Super talk. Right. Yeah. And apparently, they're real unhappy with that super talk. I know those grow test minimum numbers that they get on there. Oh, my God. There's ones in two that Dr. Laura, the internet slot Dr. Laura, and then Lord Ash Limbo, who went out with Knickers, who's dead meat, especially now after that election. And after noose step down, can't find him no more. Look at this. Here's John Coniors. You hit him on. I love John Coniors. No, come on. You've been with Miss Kenneth W. Star. That's it. Oh, I want you, Mr. W. I pray after he said, can't somebody a star. He said, he's an asshole. I'm going John. That's John Coniors for you there. Oh, he's reaching great American. I love John Coniors. Why can't all black people be just like him? As opposed to like a fat woman like Esther Roll. Oh, seriously. Don't you find that offensive? Well, you wouldn't because you don't give a crap. But I'm just talking as an average ordinary Joe. Mama. But I just just answer Mama image of all your American black housewife. They all have to be big fat. I'm sorry. And this is not by no. I mean, name me one black housewife. That's ever been depicted. Oh, the one upstairs, but that was the interracial marriage. Tom's wife. What was your name? On the Jefferson. On the will the will the will the will. The will is but I was her name Tom. We know him and her name was Come on. He was real sucks. I don't do it. Not bad. That's not for her. She wasn't bad. So I guess only black guys. Mary big ass fat black and she'll Mama like women. women and white guys when there's an interracial marriage, they marry slim, large, breast and African American women. Is that what it's all up on? Yeah, there you go. Somebody have her name. We'll quick come on. Somebody out there help us out. Neither George or I can come up with this name. Tom Willis' wife on a Jefferson. One of the great shows in the history of TV and Spiderman Tom Jick is says. Who name was? We don't have it yet. No, but she was Lenny Cravitz's mother. Which I knew but I forgot. I guess she still is Lenny Cravitz's mother. And after his that awful music, she changed her mind. Who the hell can blame her? Jesus, Lenny, get serious. William, mom's embarrassed. In fact, thank God she's that dark. He can't see the blush. Twenty people. What is it? How are you? Helen, that sounds right. Tom and Helen, the Willis. Thank you, David. Thank you, David. The company. Don't want to talk to you, but thank you very much. And with the goofy guy from down under wherever he was from the British guy in the British. The silly British guy, if there's any other kind. He was great. But we don't know. Well, this is this is embarrassing. That's going to be forgetting horns his name. Twenty before 11 at five six. We can keep you A.M. It's big. It might have been tough. And five six. So, W.U.A.A. So anyway, her name was Rossie Rogen, Roker. Whatever the whole name was, the black lady to play the bloody crabbits his mother. They played Helen on the Jefferson's and she did. She died. Wow. How do you like that? The good people are the dead people. I think Tom they always had a push. I'm a damn it and fat so the good people and she was even fat. So there goes another one of those ugly stories that she left her along all of a spat people by early. How about line sign Churchill? Had a big stogian as post every day of his life, had a fifth of dinner, whatever kind of cheap food he was drinking every day. And the lived in his woman was 80. Fat is a cow. Probably a lot of that British spotted dick no doubt from what I hear. Didn't hurt him none. By the way, John conures her president. That's what I said. You want a black guy that qualified to be president who's really letting him down. Look at the look on. Kevin stars. Put his hair is falling out. What's the least got left is fall right out in clumps right there on the guy in favor. A fool and a fairer officer. Two on John baby. Just afraid of these things. What's the matter? What's the matter? What happened? The investigation. Mr. Star. Mr. Star. You're asking. Get out of there. He is simply him a major major big bloody. I thought John conures. You got my votes with art. There's a black guy that could all look up to. Well, here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Great. Yeah. You was the dormant. What was the dormant came on the Japanese? Oh, geez. He was great too. I had no idea. That's right. Ralph and Mr. Bentley was the British neighbor. Right. It wasn't that one of the top five shows. The history of television. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's everything at all in the family. Right. Good. Good. So the ester role. Yeah. I like this. He's very pretty. She was pretty. Yeah. She had a pretty face. Yeah. Pretty face. Yeah. Pretty face. Pretty. Yeah. Pretty. Yeah. Yeah. Did you really? Oh, yeah. Oh, well. Congratulations. Okay. Well, she was no shamble with the, uh, sabbou, the Indian board. We have two open lines in day five six seven five six six and five six the animal mobile one line. That's what happened the Susan Day. She got a complex because of that. No, sir. That's why she had a factory in front of a home He's got a space to have. You know, we got that. Um, she simply has been moving in on our lives right across the sea, but she's busy on our way back. What'sned with the road? Over the mountain. She walks down to the ground there. She goes to this neighborhood, politics that tells people to leave difficulties to help us get to the board in the night tomorrow. So that's a fine old day. Hello. Hi. Hello. Yes, sir. You all, you all, Guy, to you. tip there in the Racket.nim. To the TV to an apartment family. I was kind of watching Activ Cassen. My name is transmission. Hanert. The monster the turn you spent earlier. OK. Looker. Looker, look him back out of Houston, about eight of the time. Then we go to my five old book them, Dannell. By the way, he's still alive. He was down here. I was reading something about James MacArthur, who was a son was eight. Douglas MacArthur, I don't know. No. He was somebody famous his son. Mary Martin or something, I know Mary Martin's son was a fool. Helen, hey, thank you so much. There we go. We're finally starting to get some good info here. Are there your pardon? This is Josh. Well, don't get carried away, OK. Thanks for the information, but you're a little bit... Wait, between the clubs and this kind of TV trivia, we got something Josh Friedman could stick his staples in. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. God don't know what's a good thing though. Good things, Tom. And a bad show, terrible show, horrible show. And it's time to be another Jefferson's failed miserably. But we do miss Esther already. And she was nice. We like her. She was one of the good people. She was jolly at, look at a picture of her on the front page there in full color. I'm sorry. Well, if I would have said in black and white, that would have been just as bad. Wouldn't it? It's a great picture, really, is because she exuded a something. Well, she survived going, what was the name of that school again? That makes me nauseous. So think to realize that I live in a country a common old beach colored school, is where she went to school, where she learned from books passed on by.