Prime Oh, Frank. But dark star fate. He didn't know I was a happy, radiant. But it's a pain that I'm in there, just a fate. Oh, come and jump with me. Mark is Russian, my life is Russian. But I very high. Dark time, you're been fed on your bed. Oh, bear the coffin. First, I'll start. Now I'm dead in the city for the month. Where I'll be landed. Oh, I'm probably a real few friends. It's coming, jump with me. Oh, the heart of me. Don't turn a bit too close. Don't turn a bit too close. We don't want anybody to be ready. So do anything radical. Just because they're little minor things, little minor difficulties out there. Like, say, party. Like that. Hey, happy Thursday to it. Just be glad to one thing today, baby. Just all big glad we don't live in Wurski. It's right. Just count your blessings. You're not living in Wurski. Oh, well, we may be soon. But hey, don't get panicky. Like I said, keep a stiff upper lip. Keep a stiff and keep a lip on it. That's what I always said. Oh, by the way, I want to thank profusely some really nice, some girl we're getting these smutters. And it took a little while, but they're starting to flow in now. I got a beautiful, loony tunes, schmata. That I'm wearing on my thing tonight. Today, whenever the hell is it? From sunshine to plight. Mary Cohen Freeman. What kind of a name is that? If our IMO and D, but any great, very nice people. We thank you for profusely nice note. And it's a Disney Yarmuka. Ooh, it's a beauty. And I think it's very appropriate for today. So let's get to something really serious like those Marlins last night. Oh, oh. I'm at the track. By the way, we had a nice turnout last night for simultaneous. The only thing for that, the fact I enjoyed that track was nice and dark. Nothing going on out there. Hazel Park will plunge in our brains up. But at any rate, so I'm a senator to track. And of course, checking back and forth with a Marlin game. And I see it's one nothing in a normal query to have a homework at that point. And I hear all of a sudden at the eighth inning. I hear a loud screen. There's Jo Angel, but a V-Fedible. And I turn over just in time to mark from where the ball going over the fence. That tremendous bump in number 54. And now I see it the end of eight inning. It's six nothing. Same Louis. They had a big five run eighth inning. And I get my car after finished plunging my lungs at the track. And I'm going home. And I hear the guy damn bugging still on. And I'm thinking of myself, how can this game still be on? It should have been over 10 minutes ago. And now it's six to three. And Marlins have a three straight home on the top of the night thinning. And then they get a couple of men on base. And here's Marcotsa. And by the bull, there you go. Now it's six to six. I get home. I turn on a TV to Marlins score in the top of the tent and they went seven to six. Absolutely meaningless. But very exciting. Sammy hits 52 yesterday. The choir hits 54 last night. Marlins pull one out. They pulled it right out. Even Bubba never pulled it out like that. So I'm sure a lot of people are all whipped up. And two jets. Let's jump on the bad wagon. Okay. Two to one. They don't care. By the way, anybody want any men. So our friends from Nicksegar are here today. And they brought me lots of good stuff. And by the end of the day, if the market keeps going down, I know exactly where I can put all of these. Right, and by some of them are shaped perfect for that. In fact, look at these. These are those Cuban bullets. Oh, look out. We're surrounded by Cuban bullets today. Look at a nice shape of those pyramids. And if you've got a bruised rectum, it's perfect. Like inserting very gently. It's the tip of those. It's a beautiful thing. So at any rate, we'll talk a lot about that to make them happy. But at any rate, the Russians are all lined up at the banks. Panicking because their money isn't worth a crap. Even the Canadian money is worth more than theirs. And the Canadian dollar is slid. They're going, this is perfect. Blue he tunes. Because the Canadian dollar is some of you may know it's called the looney. And the $2. What? It is. And the $2 coin is called the Tune. All those Canadians. They got a sense of humor. No. Well, they don't. But at any rate, they better have a good sense of humor now. Because they're a dollars falling to the lowest. Are we going to have a worldwide like the pressure or something? Or at the very least recession? No panic. The market is only a minute. The market is not a hundred and seventy-three points. And President Clinton, the people of that state, 1045. Get on C and B C. We're going to get on top of this stuff. We might have some important stuff going on here. And even though this is not a news intensive station to say they're very, very least, I mean, there's something a little bit more important to talk about than a guy named U of M. Scrimmage. You know, I'm driving over to this morning. And I'll confess to those guys directly thoroughly entertaining. Laughing and puking and yuck it up for a few minutes. And then the call start coming in. Oh, you're the one went to that Scrimmage last night. Those guys can't block or the crap. It's a symbol. I'm thinking of myself. Is this the worst thing that these assholes that are calling in have got to worry about is whether the UM, or at least goons at the hurricanes can a block or not? Who gives a crap? Speaking of hurricanes, by the way, how about that Bobby Hall? There's another genius for you. All the problems in the world with Russia. I don't want to say very quietly about maybe coming. Isn't it so bad for them? Well, don't say that. For them, I said, I'd say for us. Yeah, they seemed to be there. It was good because they had the dictators. And then they kept control on everything. And they kept the people down under their thumb. And they said, hey, don't monkey with us. Well, he would lob on, okay. And they, okay, whatever you say. And we'll go back and be slippers again. And then they thought they were going to try a little bit of capitalism. And now all of a sudden, I'll leave these over there, which is all they've got. They stole all the money. They stole all the money, even if, like I told yesterday, to my tell you, all the lawns from the IMF, those $100 billion. Not one penny of that went to doing anything except all the thieves over there that are running to joint the grab-drop of all the money. They got yachts, they got homes all over Europe, all over the world. And we're giving them money, crazy riskies. So we're going to have like a little bit of a problem here, but there's no need to panic. The Dow's only down 182 points. And that's the only down 443, which is equivalent over 200, about 215, looks to me. What do we worry about? Is anybody panicking at this point? So here's another good thing for you to think about. If you don't have any money, this is perfect for George. If you don't have any money, get a big smile on your post. Fat Joe and her, he's smiling from here to here. He don't have two nickels to rub together. Man, all man is chef, what do you worry about? You don't have to worry about investments. You don't have to worry about working a whole lifetime. And you see your life flashing before your eyes because... It's very funny. Because of a bunch of crap. And then these jackasses on here are sitting around Hawking a China. Looked like a good investment. And tell us, it's tell us, it's okay. The markets in Latin America, all these emerging markets. This is what these same assholes that are around there. Now these experts, they were peddling emerging markets. And one of them, of course, was Russia. Put all your money in Russia. Guys, come inside here this morning. He says the Russian markets are basically worthless. Yeah, worthless. In other words, if you went out there and bought a whole bunch of Russian stocks, well, guess what? Here's one for you. And here's another one. This is the make sure. Just the ease of paying. Yeah. The Russian market is like basically fabulous. I don't want to overreact here. This one is a town like I'm overreacting. But the president's going to speak, I think it's at a 10.45. And we'll get on top of that. If they ever put that damn thing on there again, we'll monitor this carefully. Now, what's he going to talk about? Is he going to talk about Russia? Is he going to talk about money? Or is he going to talk about monickers? He's going to talk about his sexual addiction? Yeah, that's the new thing they're saying. You heard that? This is going to be the new deal. Well, but it's got a sex addiction. A addiction. Who does it? I don't know. I don't know anybody alive under the age of 200 who doesn't have a sex addiction. But that's a good cop out in it. That's great. He can't. Oh, and of course, what you're married to the ice princess, what tell you? I expect. I'm going to your daughter looks like that. Like that. I mean, oh, you can't even look at her without getting like, oh, it's psychotic. And so it makes you want to go in the opposite direction. Of course, that. Maybe that's one of the reasons when he looks at Chelsea. He's a well, I'm reading a morning. I want to do somebody, but not anybody looks like that, but I might look too good. Because then when I do somebody looks too good, I look at her and throw up or something like that. You have to kind of finger out what this is all about, how the emanation of this. I think they'll become so psychotic. So Yoltsin's going to be out either like maybe today or after he meets with Bubba. Maybe they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll run off the Siberian together. Maybe not by choice, but at any rate. Don't panic. Now it's only done 170. We're going to keep a close eye on that today. If there's anybody who's bored with that too bad. So Bobby Hall, while we're getting better and better. Bobby, what can we say about Bobby Hall? He's an asshole. And what about David Janey? He's an asshole. He's a fellow with his two-side choco, but it's following again this morning. Hey, they finally told Sunnyhurst. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to go, baby. They finally said he's Sunny here. Don't come back. What a bunch of go-in. 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 6.00. You know that Johnny Carson is probably maybe the thief to learn. Where did he have that? I've been in the toilet. You're really smart. Oh, I want to know. Did you know there's a place just to go. You're at the toilet. Here's what you'll find in the toilet. This one. And this guy, being a birth to a 65-hour child, so far. John Cheny's come back in a spaceship with a super-new diet. He's dating Johnny and Glade to make one jealous. I'm sleeping with Joan Collins. I don't even know. He's been to the toilet. But, the National Day is just a little bit of a dream. It's a little bit of a dream. But, the National Day is just a dream. But, the National Day is just a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. He's a dream. Another dream. But, the National Day is just a dream. We're in the toilet here at 5.60 WQN, that's what we like it. Because we're used to it. We feel comfortable there. So El President Hates is going to speak. Now, do you think he's going to speak about the hurt-coing? About Bonnie and about the 80-only post-polt-bass, who's up in North Carolina, they get sick. Do you think he's about that? No. We're going to speak about seeing his sex addict? No. He's going to speak about... Why don't you learn how to hand that in, maybe? Who are how those... So, stay still. Oh, look at that. General Electric. Up at eight. Oh, my God. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. See, that's funny. That's what I always say. Don't get panicky. Was I under the phone? We were bright and early this morning with my stock broker. I don't know. But you're sweet. That's what I was. I didn't panic. I just got in the phone. All right, that's it. Now. That's all I don't panic. Now. I didn't. I did. Not all panic. It's only God damn money. This will actually just have a little bit of depression around the world. At least, papers are on their time to get us a son of a dance. The market's only done about 100, 90 points right now. I think this is good for about 350. They've got these things from the market. I don't know about how to support kind of heart. The only money is this will last. It's more to life than money. It's not true what it is. The way we're a Bobby Hall, of course, most of you don't know Bobby Hall from Warren Hall, from Warren Harting. From Kanye Hall. There's something a little more contemporary than who that is. And Jeff Deloitte. But Bobby Hall allegedly was over there in my son. He was in a few years ago. He was fine with his paper. He made a lot of drugs that are led to this. But he came back. I never did that. I never did that. I'm going to ask him one more. I'm like most dogs. But I never said those things. He said Hitler wasn't also bad. He said he had some good ideas. He just went a little bit too far. What he said. Oh. Yeah. Most people would say. Like even if he believes that, are you going to say it? Anybody with a brain going to say that? No. He doesn't have a brain because he next job. You also said that blacks are like you producing too fast. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is there anything wrong with that statement? No. Blacks are me producing too fast. I think he's got a point there. I mean if he can't afford, don't put up front of the oven. If he can't afford to do whatever he's supposed to do it. What he's supposed to do is put it in a dumpster. I'm sorry. So anyway, he made all these drugs. That's fine. He was like you. He came back and denied them. And now, of course, there's always all about doing it. And David Janey, who come to the... He's like, you know, a little bit. He's like, why me hold hockey reporter? Come to the game with rest. Ma'am. Milletin, African, Busan, Shaco, or whatever it hell out of the days. He says where's the climb here? A ledge comment is disappointing but out of surprise. And basically, what he's saying is that everybody's a racist anyway. And especially these old Jacksonud old school, who had it used in blasting everybody else. And all he did was open up in the state. What's wrong with it? There's no climb there except that if you're in his position. If you're in any position, you don't get on there, so I'm making all kinds of comments about the original. about the years and far too, you just don't do that. I mean, what kind of a jackass would come on an interview around here and start talking about the fruits and types and stuff like that? You want him to say? On you, Bobby Hall, not only that, he doesn't have any way, he's a black-cloth. So there he goes, stick it in your big bad-up of the act of the act of, and it's done, Brad Hoy. You know, breads, he's an asshole. You know, maybe not from the same exact law, but you know, done in fall apart from the tree. Is that what I always say about the bad-apples and the worms in him? They don't fall apart from the tree. So Bobby Hall blow it out your ass. You just don't know, it's dumb and jack. This is like all the other, well, why should jack be talking about, about world-abend anywhere, what the hell are they, you know? Look at every time you get one of these jacks runs up to the little office. It's always some way, when my vinegar bend, my gel, or a jacky camp, who's like modern, if you're in the, or Steve Larson, always flaming white wings, 99% of them. Although, I guess you could've prepared after the playing in some cases. Thinking of jacks by the way, all of this great sports work, is that the most important thing on this station, even over the Dow is on 180 points, and people are getting blown away in North Carolina. I think it's blown in North Carolina, all right, let's go. It's a facial lamond to do, a U.N. play by place. Better late than ever, it's what they say. There you go. By the way, you've heard talk about that. I suppose these nice little cigars and this front people are all friendly stuff. Including more of these immense, these gigantic big fat ones. Oh my God, there's a little shorter than the other one. A little shorter and a little darker. A little bit darker. Yeah. Well, there's different shapes inside. There's some our shorter, some our longer, some our lighter, some our darker. And the cigars, too. But at any rate they got their new cigar, which I'm pumping on one of these are great. They've prepared domeo number one, predomer reserve, which I think means it's got a reservoir tip from the Vot Producer on Cavita Series. These are the best cigars they said that they've ever made, and I would agree with that. And for the benefit of, we're going to get this on here on TV and get next to nice plug on here, but they're no better. Because the radio people can't see them, and this would be a nice incentive to them to turn on the goddamn TV show on the way and each one of these they saw. To see the amnesia are beautiful, because they're shaped like little torpedoes. And they're just rounded enough on the edges that we must stick them in that they're not gonna back them for too much. Yeah, those ones that are like those Cuban bullets. Oh my God, you see those? They got a real piercing tip. They're going straight in there, but if you like it or not, if the other ones kind of like these and they're kind of like a cigar-suppository, yeah, that was a point to the elephant cigar-suppository which are the in men's shows. These are gigantic, in my life. I've never seen anything that dig around. I've seen things longer than that, but never quite that fat and dig around. Anybody find one, keep it away from me. So there go this nice little plug for our great friends in next two up here, Thomas, what a great job we're doing for them, and I would agree with that. So anyway, Dave Vermont, you know, Dave Vermont, I know him for years, but when he was about anybody seen that, yeah, you see this. And rumors in there, eating a free meal in the monster there, that was when I came back on here, and I thought that many months ago, my good friend, Dave Vermont came by and you know, good guy, but they made a bad mistake. You know, Dave, you can't know. He can't have business cards for the same divorce or the hurtful ones. And here's for Sunny Hurt's has been doing it. It's a good guy, you know. I heard people this morning on the morning show about debating LSD was he great, was he, Sunny's not a great sports guy. He never had been here. With job and he's been doing you of them sports all of them for 100 years. But like I told you before, there's no loyalty over there. They'd stand to grab on a back, so they'd look at the process they in the right mood if they get out of bed on the wrong day. And if they got a line that can't block, a channel communication, you know, in my mind, I don't differentiate between action and third channel. It's all the same. At least in this part because it's vulnerable and people's those are the chiggers in the wood pot. Oh, don't get upset David Danny. All I said, chiggers. Those are the chiggers in the wood pot over there. They feed everybody like crap. They stand everybody in the back. Which is not that unusual for this business, but they go the extra several yards. They're really stickin' to everybody. So here's a guy. So when did the nice just from the standpoint that maybe Sunny needs a few bucks to live or the right to this life? Then he needs to have some kind of a job. And instead of town the guy like when they knew which is months ago and out they knew that he was just redoing when he went football, they wait until today which is just a handful of the easy for the first guy damn game. But the good news is for Sunny. Because once bread read, you can ask George and his, or you ask George Ask Rimmer. Once bread read makes the commitment to you, you've got a deal. Don't you? No, once he shakes your hand. No, don't you have a, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. And he makes a promise to you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But when I shake your hand, no, you better see what's on it. That's right. When he shakes your hand, you better take a long look when he walks away. He's all over your hand. There's something. Some slimy, slippery substance. You know what I'm talking about? That's great. But Greg Reed, W.M. General Manager in part owner said when he's interested in pursuing you, when right after the school's contract with W.I.N.Z. expires after the 1998 and 9th school year. This coming season. Reed also said he'd consider hiring Sunny Hirsch to call you M.Gain's, expect to hire her soon to give sports updates on the station. Oh, right. Let's have Sunny Hirsch back on here on QAF. That'll be the third time. I heard that whippersnapper that's guilty on it this morning. Talking about stuff he has no idea what he's talking about is usual because he was born what 10 minutes ago. I mean, this kid is like an embryo. I came to town in March of 1976, with WKT, where Sunny Hirsch was in sports directed. So this will be the third time I worked with Sunny. We were the M.G. at IOD, where he was, we called him, the Lazyest White Man on the Face Dealer, with every hearing called him that. But he's a good guy. Love Sunny, great guy. He used to sit around, smooth, smooth with cheerle up there in the morning. And then once in a while, he threw up on time when he was ready for the sports rubber that. And then, of course, he loves to take all of our car. All the carts that were the sports carts and put a big S on there. Now, to the S stand for Sunny, the stand for sports or in stand for something else that starts with the S. But at any rate with little message there, like don't mess with my sports carts. And if you ran out of carts, which we were always doing, because we had billions of carts in those days before the EEC yet before the computer days, if you ran out of carts and actually had the audacity, you're going to study little booth there and borrow a sports cart to use. It was just a field advantage in no time. Because it had the magic S on there. Maybe that was for Superman. Super, super Jews, Sunny Hirsch. I don't know what it was. But he's a good guy. And he treated him for horrendously. I mean, way above, I've seen people scoot over in his business believed me for 30 years now. But this is so far above and beyond the Call of Duty, like you had never believed in your life. And I think it is absolutely reprehensible. You people at the U of M, your bunch of assholes. You people at Pair Channel. You're the biggest assholes on the face of the year, to you and the passion people. I mean, how much huts boil? How much energy? How much effort? How many bowls would it take into a sit? Even just send him a note. You don't have to face him if he can't look at his person, tell him. Guess what, Sunny? You're out. Like Tom Hagan in the Godfathers. You're out, Tom. That's all. Take to the broad Michael Paulioni back for one short meeting. You're out, Sunny. Like that with a thumb. You're out. Like an on-part. He'd have got the message. He'd have said, oh, OK. And I would have been the end of that. And then he would have come over here and done some sports updates. We got all these old guys hanging out here. Like Ken Mald another great guy. I don't ever see him because he's over the other building. We're not there, thank God. Ken Mald and you know, this game's on track. I can't tell him. They closed down. Ken's got to have a job. So we heard him here on QA. I'm doing sports updates. All right. Let's hear it. For my good friend, Ken Mald. Oh, God. Ken understand the word. He says on the air. But he's a good guy. What? Wonderful. He sounds like he's got a sock over his course. But he's a great guy. You know what? He is. He's a tremendous guy. Ken Maldon is that you won't find a nicer person that's found in Ken Maldon. So no, no, no. Well, he's maybe using the wrong kind of mic. And son of your son is a great guy too. It'll be great. And son of your way here doing those update. And then the dude, the word, he's great. We're talking about good people who paid their dues. They made their bones while you were still dating cheerleaders. You know what I'm talking about? That's right. That's what Maldon Green said. Look what it did for him. By the way, the chain barber shops are far too late. But then anyway, so we're going to have son of you over here. We're going to have Joseph Gacky over here. Joseph Gacky stopped. So, okay. That's what we're going to do. We're going to get all the guys here. Everybody in town, jump it on the back. Except for David J. Neal is there because we can't stand him. And he makes a secure stomach. What the hell am I worked up about? Okay, we keep an eye on this. You watch CNN in there. I'm watching CNBC because you got no investment anyway. Markets, those, those, oh, it's bad. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. The Dow is only down 170 points. What are you worried about? That's only down 45 and a half. What the hell is the big semis with that? We have to have just a minor correction here before we go into the gigantic plunge. Just a little minor correction. And all these talking assholes come on here one after another. Thank God, if you have no money. Seriously, kiss the ground if you're broke. If you haven't got five cents to rub on your thing. Be very happy because money is power, but money is also trouble. Just ask Wayne, he'll tell you. Here's a guy that's worth $1.7 billion. He can't, he don't know what those going on. They're even buying that republic stock back now because it's a worthless try to come somebody else into buying it. And that thing's done like 17 and something and dropping like a rock. And we're all really upset for Wayne. Aren't we? Because what goes around comes around sweetheart, baldy. He's going to be on there. He's going to be on there any minute. What's the 10.45? Are they staying on here? Is C, what are we seeing in? Are they on top of it? Are they in between it? He's going to be speaking baby and we'll have it. We're going to be hanging on every goddamn word. Because this could be a, you know, the Russian, Russia is history. It's out, it's finished. He got Russian stocks just to be nice knowing it. There you go, just put it in your mouth, don't make a mess. That's right. No right, it's not conanidist, right in the post. Because Russian stocks at this point are basically worth nothing. Watch some of the paychecks to come out of whammy. Oh yeah, we got another whammy story by the way. I did get my check finally signed after went to rob and went to David, went to here. But I mean by the way, David, you're a great guy. I love you. But I'm not doing too many important things going on in the world. Much more important than a goddamn Dawson. Okay, I better come down. Let's take a call or two here and we'll monitor this thing and see when a president's going to be speaking. I'll keep you up to date on his damn Wall Street thing until he just, until you're ready to blow your brains out. Then you're ready to shoot a bullet right through to the MTV screen. Right through Ron and Santa's push. Okay, where are we going? There's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. God damn, it's so long. Yeah. Yeah, that was an hopefully 20 minutes. Yeah, that's a double. What do you want? That's a double point. It's a battle with you. That's so important with you, asshole. Oh, what do you got? What do you got? What do you want? Start about Craig Erick to say, start to get out of here. This guy, I will hear the guys on here for a half an hour. He's got no material. And so we started talking about Craig Erick. He's got the best compulsion he ever saw. Is that what this guy said? Okay, here's the sunlight. It's all. Thanks, Ron and you, okay. I thought you about the time. Did I you object to the rerun at nine o'clock? Yeah. It's been him in the act last night. I caught the tail end of the story at the seven o'clock show. I tuned in at nine to see it again. Yeah. The sound was all messed up. They were playing like, let's try. Let's try. Hurricane reports from CNN over the news. Over the picture. Great. In the middle of the show, they run a spot and they run a different newscast. And old show, which they then repeated at 1230. Oh, right. So they were playing yesterday's news. Are those way people getting on top of the situation or what? Telling it. One thing I got to tell you about, listening in TV guys, so-called odds on HBO about prisons. Yeah. There's an office, a set of sender, who is a free ready for release? Yeah, release. I'm going to say what kind of release? There's no fact in the church. I think they're talking about courts. Where that kind of release. Oh, that's it. I'm out of it. OK, thanks for your good news. OK, 567, 0560. All the data is open. One in Broward. 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Maybe we'll get some real financial experts to call in here today. You know what I'm talking about? They're all experts. All the guys that work for Sherson and they work for Merrill Lynch and they work for this one day. They're all experts. Like they got it with a semi-allet propaganda over and over again. Kept calling you. They're wants to handle my portfolio. I'll handle it myself. OK, pal. It's quite frankly, I know your intentions are of the very best. And a lot of these people got to have their financial advice. There's nobody knows nothing. They're all experts, baby. They don't know crap. They don't know the ranch from URL. But that's right. 20-G. 11 at 560, WQM. And a half-not-too-bed on the scale of the 10,000. Better than the Russians are doing. Here it is. Let's all have a big smile on our face. We're better off than the Russians are. Even if you've spluckers out there, they're like a homeless. They're on a street corner with a tin cup. Look in your cup right now. You'll find more in here than the average Russians got in a bank. Because whatever he's got in the bank is worth, no, it's worth. Next door to it. You know, Trump isn't going to be speaking now. Are you watching us CNN? Are you running or going to talk about the hurricane? They're talking about hurricanes. They can't block the game hurricanes. Markets on 153 points, that's that 40-3 answer. I've got a whole big package in here. Anybody after got a big package? And it's from 10 ponies originality. And Patrick 10-pony, or is this one? They're in Austin, Texas. Says the Royal Listener contact, and this is this thing I said, I was spaghetti sauce because this man loves good food. And he's a former tacos fired from some of the better states in the round of country. KSDK on West WWL, instead of in Seoul. He's got a team set. I've got tired of getting candid about 10 years of work started making my family recipes, telling the sausage to stores. A short time of a public contact, with us after searching for a high quality, great tasting sauce to add to this session. And the food business is a big great publics. There's over 500 stores in real public operations. Yes, they do, Patrick. So we're in and we're selling fun. We are the most expensive one there at 399. But look what's in the jar. It's set of into one. Moments forgetty sauce with big chunks of garlic, lots of fresh basil, that's one in public. And they also have, I hear this forgetty sauce, whether it tastes it. Oh, man, you better make a mess all over the place. Only smell it for it. Oh, man, that's a ton. You can smell the grease. You know it's real a ton if you can smell the grease. Yeah. And they're screaming next door by the way. If Lee cutler in his saleshold, don't stop screaming in the next room. I'm going to sit here and just dump him up. If they don't stop screaming next to my day room with our paperpin walls. I want silence over there, okay? You ask, hold. Anyway, also they send us 10 pointy sauce on Lee Reika. And we're the 90th senior. Sauce is the portion making the tabloos and those Jimmy up and burn up all the calories. And if they put your feet, if you eat this whole thing, it'll be real good for you. Oh, no, it's from the guy. It smells and tastes like, I think that's what you eat. You die after eating. You say, you're throwing with your yellow being. You go over the big smile on your face. So I'm going to taste that as soon as Jeff Cumbrings and that's a little bit of a bit of an interesting, interesting thing. I'll take that one, you know, just to real story on it, here's a gross test. Fast, by the way. I thought, it's said the president was speaking at 1045. This is the first time I came to me at 1045. Here's the fact from one, he says I heard some veiled weapons for this if one's driving a worse on the morning show. If you're here who might be on the parents, or if you drive fast, you're serious. If you're in the theater right, that goal, they does not belong on radio. And certainly don't belong on TV. You should need me to love to take good morning on radio or television. He never had any of five-grade TV job on the pants. Oh, oh! Yolty. Oh, my gosh. I bet you remember, Gosey's a great guy. Well, here's that. The rumour knows what a little putt-wacker that guilty is. He don't want nothing to do with him. Believe you may. Even to these potstands, the one on the do with that little guilty. Who doesn't listen about a professional little ass sucker? God, oh, my, don't have enough ass suckers out of his truck. Can't sell ready? Get him out of there. Jesus, guilty. First to show you all you punk sucker that can't even speak or sound like scratching fingernails on a blackboard. Don't give up. Don't give up because you're going to be cancebyk. You got to shout at it. Look at that kid that Lenny, what's his name? We got to one of those tags on his box. Mark Keds? See? Well, what is that? Literally looks to drive the bone. Marcella one. Marcella, Marcella, now Marcella. And this is a guy. This is Jeff Cohen from the piece of law by the way bringing him our cellosaws. You're supposed to be an Italian Jew. What does that look like? What is wrong with you? What would really be good? You see this nice mums spaghetti sauce that they set? Take a take a whip of that. Now, it's a matter of fact, let me have a little shake this. Jeff Cohen, by the way, is going to alcohol change party in New York. It's the way way. Let's taste that salsa. Oh my god, why can take a little bit of this, too? Now, let's begin. Oh, man, is that salsa hot? Holy, Somali, baby. Woo! Good, God Almighty. Look out. Oh, jeez. That is the hottest goddamn salsa grape, but a little bit too hot for me right now while I'm on here. What's going on? Get out of here. This man is touching around my life. I've got to goddamn, are we doing a radio show today? No. The markets in the toilet, the president's speaking. We can't find out when or where. Bobby Holler's talking about Hitler was a good guy, but just went a little bit too far. And this? Oh, now we're talking perfect on. Oh, that is good stuff. They'll be using that pretty soon at what? God, basil and big chunks of garlic in it. And I bet they would be. This is a dried up crappy about me here. They said, if this is garbage, my dog wouldn't eat this. This is pasta from a month ago. Now, jeez. Oh, God, try one. What do you mean by that? Marcella, not Marcella. How long you've been in the restaurant business 80 years? And you came brought. And would you get out of the way for my clock there, please? And the TV said, we've got a bloodless tool like a heading watcher. You think that was big. We had a bloodless coin that's building this morning. I mean, I enjoyed having Nick and Mike from Next to Garth, because they brought me some great cigars in here. I didn't need to see them necessarily, but they brought some great cigars. But I mean you. We're in a, oh, God. Oh, man, exactly. So anyway, run. The problem is before I. I love it. Oh, look at that. Just mungle a little bit of my mining hero article here, too. About the post office. Open lines in date, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. This place is like a circus today, Man. Like a zoo in here. They're screaming in a sales office. I got you have cool running around over here with that stuff. I, I'm embarrassed that you brought that to me. Why don't you go back to the joint and make some good food? And feed these people here. Don't be bringing me leftovers from some damn bunch of old banana. people you just catering. Yeah, especially the crappy. That's what he fed them over there. A bunch of crappy old fish probably a bottomed feeders. Somebody said he was excited this morning. Oh, he was on Zeta hoaring over there with a clear channel people. Okay, that's it for Jeff Cohen. You better redeem yourself. You better give Pizzy right now. No, sure. They I want some good pasta. In fact, here's the deal. Take this can of sauce. Take this jar. This is excellent. Take it back over there by your final. Your sauce is great, but that would be a great idea. Make me up some nice pasta over some nice spaghetti, which is not on the yakins, but a little bit of this, but not a ton, not like you usually do. There you go, fine. Great. Get out of here. Have a nice life pizza loft. You have corn, you have corn, pizza loft. You got a lot of prepuggs. He was on Zeta this morning. Oh my God. That would have podcast run over Rippoff Artis. Was it? He was on here with Castron Ova. Oh my God. Shame on you. I'm not speaking on the chili brings the food back. Okay, Dave County, are we going to have any calls and Dave County. We saw it's super little Julio's the rest of this week or not. Are we? No. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, he wireless line. Had that incredible Marlon Game Maristine McGuire hit number 54, Sammy hits number 52. We got all kind of where Russians going to hell in a hand basket. The economy, the market is dropping like a rock and these people in data like that. They got a big and men so in their post they had nothing to say. They have really during these dog days of the summer, Broward's held up to their end of the bargain. They had County really sucked a big one. That's why everybody's moving out of Dave County. I think that right now because Dave County blows big time. Almost as bad as the post office. Are they having a grab ass party out here in the hall or what? They're having a grab ass party out there. Why aren't we involved? Huh? Maybe Dave and I can work out a little deal so I can promote that stand-up thing. Is this a lay down thing he's doing? Here's a mobile and little of Anna. Hello. Yeah, what's going on? He doing sir? Oh, listen. I don't know if you saw the CNN last night they had a page warning for the mudman wire. No. But they were saying that he gave over $2 million for these children. Right. They knew it. Right. And they don't even mention it. And all they want to talk about is a full crap. Yeah, the stuff that you buy in a health food store for the counter. And you know, D.P. was on there two days ago, belly aching about oh the kids it's so bad for the kids. It's a bad role model. They're going to go out and try to bulk up with this craft. And at the mean time, the kids finally you got somebody like Dave Booth that they can admire. They finally got a hero who's a hell of a good guy. He was tons of charity. Never stole a free train that we know of. And instead of letting everybody enjoy this, we got to find we always have to find something in America to rip somebody apart. Whether it's Clinton school and around or Mark McWire took a substance that we don't like too much. Whatever the hell it is, let's always bring everybody down. That's the American way now. We did give a few of these guys a warm moon or you know they got a few of them up to a wire. Right. Mark McWire comes. All these other juxtapes that have been had my done drugs, ADHD, how and their strawberry and duck good that have been busted for drugs 50 million times but as long as they can still play they keep in a 15th and a 20th chance. And here's a guy that's phenomenal. That's bringing more excitement to baseball and it's had in a Zidian years and we got a bunch of negative assholes out there. You got that right, you. Have a great day, pal. All right, let's see ya. Yeah, everybody's got to be brought down in their knees. That's the American way. You've got it sweetheart. We have it open. Oh it is. That's the win it. Just like the Clinton stuff. He's doing a great job. Everything was cooking right along. Everybody's pretty happy with him. Now let's just drag him down. Let's disgrace him and embarrass him and humiliate him. And let's just bring everything down to the lowest possible common denominator. Okay, can't we keep this country on a more intellectual level? Seriously, can we get along? We have an open line in the Broward 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. We need some financial advice here today. I'm talking to that right now. What's the story with this Clinton thing? Maybe I had the wrong time. Was I read out of the kit flush in the podium like they're waiting for him? But he was splashing it on the podium. Oh my God. Oh, he does have a problem. You know what? He the president is splashing it on a podium. And they much so look at is what I'm hearing. Remember that Brad Pitt thing on the internet? We all saw that. It was like a little it was like a wonderworm. Remember that that Brad Pitt like kind of like that like my little finger that was Brad Pitt man. Oh man now when they asked the question what's in the box? We know the answer not too much. Okay, let's go to a book. Hello. Hey Neil, you're talking about Luke Bice. Yes, sir. Please. I don't want to say I'm panicky the market's down 182 and then has that almost 50 but well, I don't have any advice for you, but I've got a buddy of mine that works for Merrill Lynch. Yeah, the broker and he called me. Does he know anything? Well, that's what I want to tell you. He called me one day. This is a wild bag, but he called me up and he goes, man, I want you to listen to this this back that just came across you know as a memo and he read it to me and it's that this is a fact. I'm not making this up. But I know what it said. Yeah. Now what it said is and you're going to know this, but I mean, I just would love for people to hear this. It said you are not a financial planner. You are not an analyst. You are a salesman. Your job is to sell what they have and buy what they don't have. Right, specifically. That's what they're given their people. So, you know. Yeah, so it's a lot of BS. They just want you to go out and buy and they don't want you. That's it. They want you to do a transaction. So, they can get a piece. Exactly. So, I mean, it's you have the ability to make some of your own decisions. I'm doing it. I'm not listening to anybody else. I bought it at Dan Hilton Stock based on all these newsletters. These experts. Everybody was pushing Hilton Hilton. I bought it 32 and eighths right now. It's like 22 and three quarters. It's down 10 bucks a year dropping like a rock and I'm stuck with it until a miracle happens. I tell you a great stock. It may have reached its peak, but the home depost stock. I don't know if you have it. That's right. Home depo and office depo by the way is a great stock too. Sensational. All right. I've given stock advice like my good friend or a Rick Ryle. Have a great PayPal. Okay, and don't take any wooden nickels from all these experts. And all you got to do is watch the NBC even if you don't have any investments. Just you want to get a real good grip on what this is all about and they bring on a half a dozen people and they got their Brooks Brothers suits and they all got big titles and they're with big fancy companies and they're all experts in their field and they tell you 10 different things. So by the end of the bear a bull I think it's a lot of bull what it is. And by the way it's either bear or bull but it's all a lot of is what it is. They don't know what they're talking about and they knew so much. They wouldn't be wasting their time there on TV. They wouldn't be peddling newsletters. People of cell newsletters are people that you know try to get your money. That's what it's all. And then after you buy the newsletter then they got 20 other than they got a mutual fund newsletter and a bomb newsletters. They got 20 other newsletters. It's a pyramid deal. That they want you to be a sucker because that's where they're making their money. They probably never bought a stock they were on beneath of a point. These assholes. Oh yeah you better get that Hilton thing man. It's hotter than a pistol. Yeah right. I'd rather I'd rather had that damn acumen cigar in the back that the acumen bullet is worth more than that Hilton stock right now. 10.50. So let's get a hold of that Lewis real Kaiser. Come on here we go Louis. Four minutes till. 0.56. You A M. The Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WQAM Miami Port Latterdale America loves to watch booms and butts and<|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|>. Good evening ladies and gentlemen and this is Walter Croft. This year at Albany Law School Henry Kissinger will be giving the commencement address here now or some things that you will never hear Mr Kissinger say. You'll call this crack. How much would the hell spoil it? That is too much for the rodeo tickets. You'll have the video hot Johnny of the Amshut. Yes baby I am hung like Florida does my ass look fat in this dress. Who's your daddy? I'm hungry and if I feel like jinx, see what that ought to be like she was brought and my bolts could dead oxygen. All right it's level one at 5.60. Thanks Hank. 5.60 WQAM. Our Hank Hank Goldberg from the Crystal Palace casino at Obama's to the sixth to staff known including the Jimmy Johnson Show from five to six. We have an open line of date to a Broward 5.605.60 on the mobile line. So the bad news is the president will not be talking about Monica. Where's that the good news? Well whatever news it is we do know that. I have a feeling he's going to be talking about the hurricane up there in North Carolina perhaps it's one of the things that I also have a feeling he's going to be talking about the fall of Borussia. The fall of Russia all those maniacs with the nuclear weapons over there who rip off all the money that the world of the bank and everybody else gave them the IMF. And about the fact that the Russian banks are Russian bank is not seen more on the first place nothing but a bunch of Gypsy Grams and thieves. Maybe he'll be talking about those things and don't panic okay. Keep everybody con that's what we need we need some firm strong leadership today to get up there in Tala Merca. Here's Miami hello. Hey don't you okay sir. You know how they found out about McGuire taking that uh yeah reporter walk by his locker while he was taking a shower or something yeah. Any any vote down all the stuff he saw and he's checked him out later. Right. That's real mind. This is an accurate this guy's snooping around sticking his nose in there right down what the names and the bottles are looking for a problem. We got all these great reporters looking to find something on his guy because they just can't stand the fact he's doing so great. Yeah I don't know because he said you were the track but you got you miss Keno 7 news yesterday. I heard about it. Oh it was better than any comedy program I'm seeing. Along there people get blown away into the ocean up there in Mercedes wouldn't let him go. I heard the girl and the girl is talking and like going up for like 10 minutes about how the hurricane is this and the guy and the English guy standing there holding the microphone while he talking and I'm sure it's mind is going you know rabbit up like he's out of here yeah you know and they kept talking and they kept talking and we're gonna go with the best question tell us how do you feel and the guys you can see the salt spray in the water hitting how does it feel to be getting sucked into the ocean gonna be drowning any second out in the middle of this 150 mile an hour of thing and then they cut the the poor guy gets blown over so they cut the Patrick Fraser and Patrick Fraser those who are how's there gonna go all the water never heard anybody there you go. I say that you dump 500 gallons on Sanchez right on the set tonight. The funniest thing to the Mavic. Okay pal I'll read it her cheek. Funny your stingson Sally Fitz said we have two open lives and day one in Broward waiting for El Presidente who's gonna be speaking and we certainly will stick that on here unless he starts boring us five six seven oh why that's not interesting we're not gonna carry it we want something spicy here today almost like that salsa that I had boy wait till you taste that when you get a taste of that stuff it'll tear your kishki's out wow that is really hot that's for real man which leaves me up here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir are you doing me okay yes um this smart but smart but why it's tough I mean the problem is this country is that people have they had so far to ask they don't even know what they're thinking to me that's the American thing right exactly exactly actually mergers you know wait and the thing is nothing's good can come out of it you know we can't I have anything good anymore right it's just everything is changing out uh huh we have to be having to find a blemish on everybody and of course I don't have any perfect I'm sure you know he's got a bad complex and how come they're not talking about why he had all those bits on his neck wait you know maybe he did something grow tense and horrible when he was a teenager who knows what the reason is he's got zipl find something no matter what it is there is nobody ever satisfied with anything ready buddy and it's this crazy media again am I right the media they don't want to sell all this thing they don't want to see the feet on that's right really need to put in the feet I and this is hold there country stuff you know is the media is that I mean you say it's having a great day palies right this country needs a god damn barium and a media leave not sooner we have two open lines in date we have one in power this audience these well and out of there they're not here what do you want but I'm trying to glue some a little bit five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line who's this guy or Gary uh tuckman he's in new burn north Carolina is the uh non stop cover down hurricane continues on and I have one thing that I'm thinking about with all of this you know better than than us that's it one more that's a terrible thing to say but better than than us we already had our good times okay we'll sit back we'll sympathize we'll send them some food supplies when you know when they're desperate we'll help them out a little bit better than than us here's Del Ray Beach hello and the answer just because uh mark guard taking drugs does that mean that they're not drugs whatever it is but does that mean that Arnold Schwarzenegger can uh can it for you to know really not and closing of why you guys can um guilty to the middle of hurricane all right there's the best idea thank you sir actually we got guilty going up there in the North Carolina that's his newest on assignment sticking right there in the middle of the hurricane to do a blow by blow two open lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we're getting some real good song financial advice here today yeah the guy that called before that was the best call the spread of works for Merrill and said you got the memo saying you're just a bunch of sales holes okay you're not consultants you're not advisors you're there to get people to sell and buy and buy it's because we get a piece that's all we care about we just want our piece just like the president everybody wants a piece what's wrong with that but as far as expert advice and financial advisors they can throw out their ass I say just stick it all onto your brand new mattress from dialometres that's why you need a big mattress of big gigantic comfortable mattress for you to stick all your money in there underneath and just patlock the doors and get a lot of can goods hey there you go that's right that's a way to do it that's the American way let's go to Miami hello Miami yeah hello yes sir yeah I mean oh my just wanted to know uh, Sammy hello okay thank you here's North Miami hello yeah sir hey that was quick uh well we got a bunch of butt plugs here that's all we got for the stock market goes it's a crap shoot but the reason is going there yeah now's a good time to buy no it's not why why is now that's the most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life here we were to respect now it's not the time to buy what if you if you if you if sir listen to me when you listen to me carefully sir now is the time to have lots of cash accumulate lots of cash so when the market bottoms out which is a long way from doing now I believe that's the time to buy not on the way down not on the way down in other words you're saying that if a stock like the big day is not a big day right now and then we get started you can't have the sell I'll give you a stock like Disney yeah is he shot up Disney's taken it up though right now like everybody I mean let me tell you something I bought Disney zero ox down five in a fraction today how do you like that they're all going to drop they're all looking every every stock that's coming up on the board here is then they're in the you're all going to go to the crowd but what I'm saying is stock that traditionally have gone up I was using Disney's example I don't I would say like a few weeks ago it did a six four on split it was up to 110 yeah at some point again that will happen again how do you know that well because it's it shows it's historical it shows six times it split let's just say you pick it up now he goes on strike making let me tell you something I made a mistake are going up there a couple weeks ago that places when you got a pay you people got paid 350 bucks a night for a hotel and I mean just think about that every day it's packed they're the markets going to people there 90 bucks to go to a freaking theme park yeah yeah I mean every day every theme park is filled don't you understand sir that's the American fucking way don't you get a home that that would good okay well listen I hope you have a great luck together he wants to buy Disney today yeah by right now when a market son of Roger V.A. a major collapse that's a good time to buy excellent you buy an alcel here you want to buy some we have two open lines in day one and Broward 560 560 on the mobile one line for this speech I was gonna maybe I saw the wrong time on there maybe it's 1145 maybe it was central daylight time maybe it was maybe I just imagined it maybe you thought you saw podium if you're feeling lucky I mean why not you 560 Q 8 L I don't give a you to death as junk you sack that's even got a time for his life he dated her one time she thought she was his wife she wears your clothes when you're gone and watch his his sleeves you think it's casual but her feelings are deep that maybe driver's a nurse but what a fun okay 1113 at 560 WQ I'm out give you one good reason here's something uplifting for it that we can all be thankful for get on your knees and thank the Lord because guess who we don't hear anymore about lately in a long time give you a give you 400 guesses and it makes me very pleased that we hear no more about about Leo all right who exactly yesterday's mashed potatoes when all those young ladies woke up one day and finally came to their senses and they said he looks like a scrawny little faggot to me everybody said okay let's move out of somebody else here's a call from molloxa had you hello yes sir how are you okay i'm all week long have been driving in my mail truck and i've been listening to you and most carriers listen to you all week long yes sir thanks to rain the paper in the hell today by the way about this the movie this TV movie that's coming out right try to make the post office look good the inspector staring lugos at junior okay well the band pod is where it's thought it's top what what's going on with your mail it's not the carriers we're all in a trickle a mail yesterday about four or five more pieces not anything to a study you're just trickling in Neil it's not the carriers we're out there from 10 a.m. like you stay in a hundred and fifty degree temperature to shade so six o'clock at night yeah with your problem is five small women sitting at the computer when the mail comes across the type in the wrong numbers that comes to us we have to return it back to them and get that was that small or smooth or small uh-huh yeah yeah what all that's what's up my mail yeah they got a really long on air what about that was well kind of good the carriers are out there doing the job at you see us one day sitting underneath the tree they can ten minutes to shade down here and stop for it with no effort don't forget also looks a little like chili dog but anyway give us a fight break the carriers do it at job so what's the answer so what we do we just sit back in the we grin and hear it but Neil you're also in an area with a higher from within what do you mean by that look at the people that you got the higher from up here in Palm Beach I mean I mean that the people that are delivering my mail lately and my neighborhood living my in my area let me tell you right now no way no way Jose Neil if you're in a school just moving I don't want to sound like Bobby Hall but if Esther role and the got some of his brothers they're moving it to our neighborhood that's the end of our good times I'm trying to write now it's not your carriers don't know it's the people we have a full darkhearted folks in the area it's very good we got a quota we don't want too many and just just nice to wait is now we don't want no you know millions that we don't want this gigantic influx all of a sudden Neil all you have around your area is all immigrants and that's who they are in plantation acres up here in bulk of it's all white Brooklyn boys yeah we're all trained we're all intelligent we all have high school degrees down there you have nothing if well I'm going to stop the mail truck when it comes to saffron even though they don't deliver my thing I'm going to stop them out there in the street and check their green card don't blame the carriers please you know can I call somebody to spare yeah be about oh you're a douche bear okay good story pal we don't believe it okay we have two open lines in date five it's always somebody else's fault is they can't that anybody stand up and take the blame for anything we always have to blame somebody else that's the American way two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the only a mobile one line I still don't see how president they up there and I must have the wrong time on that thing I must have overreacted but you said they showed the podium on CNN yeah with all the little chairs behind it but nobody there but there was nobody there yet but he's busy right now he's he's busy he's got to have a little bit of release before he goes out to court court and the pressure all the crap that he's got to put up with lately he's got to have a little bit of release and we don't hell we ain't gonna give it to him that's what he said where does that article what we don't have to go back to that again although was very entertaining here's the Oakland Park hello Oakland Park Neil this is Joe yes you are a long time listener first time caller all right did you happen to hear that we have poured this morning on the morning team uh one worth a trade about what about the panther trade what panther trade there is no fanther trade well that's the way a partner re-retired yeah go ahead they uh they you made a trade for a pot man no they didn't well then it was a bad reporter who says they made a trade for popman they didn't make that trade that we're talking about the trade that might happen they have made a trade for pop well let's say said this morning that it's a done deal yeah according and uh for hunter whom for a new buyer and a defenseman right one right partner well one that is all they didn't say that they have done they said that that's what they're talking about that's what the leaves one that deal hasn't been made don't you think that I would know that by now that somebody uh I know my colleague this point and say it's a done deal well that's what the gold he said he said it's a done deal yep that's what he said he said it's it's a done deal but but I don't know yeah okay there we go another sports expert there's a they're right there is the definitive QM sports list they're in color right there I rest my case we have an open line and browner all of the data's vanished again it's very spotty here today looks like Monica's dress five six seven oh five sixty on a mobile one line we're just killing some time to the present get something oh here's a news flash down falls more than 240 point wow and then as the countdown sixty five what did I tell you this morning I won't get everybody depressed especially since most you don't have more than like four shares of stock and by the way those who have those are retirement plans you know those uh Iris oh yeah anyway I'm not don't get people nervous okay you're we're supposed to be here to give a few good laughs okay come on let's let's buckle while our money goes up in flames in fact when you go to the bank I don't want to get nervous but instead of giving you dollars when you cash you texted the bank though they are gonna be giving you rubles don't get nervous where we go and let's go to uh hemorrhpines hello that is if you're checkers signed in the bottom right hand corner hemorrhpines hello hello Neil how are you okay sir I just want to say that your last caller about the trade is it is a complete moron of course he is there no trade with me anything other kind he said that they're among us and they're cool where they were talking about neetermire where I want right I need to learn how to listen and also to read a newspaper it's in there this morning anybody knows that there's no done deal and I think it's probably unlikely I'm hoping we get pipe band but I don't think we will in fact maybe we can trade Denise pipe band for Felix pipe band there would be a blessing it would be great for us and thanks for the good news yeah all you these sports nerds they get on there pop pop pop by you talking trash these guys don't know who the hell Bobby Hull even was which is the saddest part all these great hockey fans we got down here what do we got about 10 people down here there really no anything about hockey less and guilty ain't one of them by the way all he knows how to do is purse his lips step in a few better watch it there on now whanny because we got a real professional lips guy over here two open lines in day one in Broward 567560 pound five sixty on a mobile one line pop out of be chill out come on out told mailman it okay very well said sir excellent keep that yeah we got a little breathing at all he said that yeah he got a degree from high school we need more educated degree from elementary school yet our mail and our letter carrier the call before yeah excellent job sir thank you so much you just can't say that anymore of course after we have this tremendous crisis that's come up you won't be able to take but also get a lot of toilet paper now is the time ahead for the store this has got nothing to do with hurricanes it's sensitive of course with the impending crisis i'd run to the store I get a lot of can goods i buy lots and lots of toilet paper lots and lots and lots because that's probably a toilet paper starts going up real bad i can start doing like those old humans doing reaching back in the box and recycling over again using it over and over and they listen that's called being thrifty when you say that because you're always talking about the old cute don't say that what what are they doing they don't know why they just don't think that you can flush it over here because the plumbing in the old world yeah well guess well we're not in the old world mister oh when doubt flush it out of that oh god so they throw it in a box in a waistband how about they do like it kind of like a litter box they put it like next to the kitchen and next to the dining room where they're eating dinner uh no one of those says then such a snoddy mood oh yeah there was a big headline they finally had this thing at the convention center last night these cuban artists performed without a demonstration and it was like a headline in the news okay here's a bulletin we finally had a thing here in this town with some performers and we finally didn't have a demonstration people and rario mombie must have been out to lunch all day or something like that because no matter what rario mombie tells these assholes to do those 400 old old farts they're running out there with signs but it'd be better to put it up near the mead of marical and medical and Samo tired meardah namayah me hello what's up meals yes sir hey uh the cuban's at all recyclared toilet paper the reason why the toilet park clogged up from the camp on the the cuban girls put in the toilet uh and you know the reason why my guard has all those cars in the back of his neck yeah all his uh his youth a lot of filo punta and payevil okay see I know sooner or later we get to the bottom of that yeah you look at his neck man it's just oh god I mean you know he's a great player but you know we really don't want to look at him okay maybe from a distance you know he's an imposing figure from a distance you don't want to see him up close and personal good old the Mac man here's a highly with 28 question marks hello hey neo kapatou yes sir yeah about that letter carrier there cause he's in the heat from Brooklyn and intelligence number one that's not tomorrow and he and um they're a bunch of lazy guys I know guys the letter carrier he couldn't care less he's heading the wrong address constantly you know the body he don't care yeah and part of the rest of the stop saying he route to what is it yeah about all these old Cuban bitch in a barbecue way they gotta remember they're the ones who put it out in power and they don't want the hard back over year after the uh you know it's a guy hit the fan you know what I mean that's right you know and then we got to live with it our generation but there's the positive our problem and by the way they don't know that we're sending them all back the end of the year exactly later you okay see that was a great call you had question marks on their just because you're just picked about any of the other sounds like highly they all sound the same like that guy that's always going to kept even a public and running into old ladies who are with their free food I was in the middle of lunch or something yesterday paying the attention to the doing reason that he got on again and like about two thirds of the way through that stupid cereza oh not this asshole again evidently his boyfriend's hand must have got tired for a few minutes we have an open line or mouth open line in day one and brought five six seven oh five sixty pompive said or maybe his boyfriend's breakfast don't get so about it pal just don't talk to us again we're sick here's a mobile and liberty city hello this is honey heard did I have no idea where I'm going to be this fall I need a yes sir yeah I have a I have how you doing son I need a how do you like the way they treated son he heard shop it's really been saying that ever since you've been on the air in this town that's the broadcasting this yeah but I've never seen anything like this I mean this guy's been doing you and uh uh sports games since uh before Jesus was a baby and there's nothing you can do about it right I got into contract but don't so don't you have the decency just to even send him a note under his door if you're too much of a coward to tell him it was face say thanks but no thanks and thank you for all your great work but we're gonna decide to move into another direction and they keep stringing his guy along and everybody else in the world knows he had come and back except for him he even see the thing of the past right I got two customers that's the American fucking way right I got two customers who are Russian uh hyphen juice and they live in one million dollars one million dollars homes on the beach and they can't afford to pay me the miserable pool man their economy so bad how do you like that oh you want to be in their kind sir I hate to break the news to the economy the economy isn't so bad their economy has collapsed their economy is finito it is history it is over it is audio they come on this morning on CNBC and they're saying the uh the stock market is not like 69 which is and dropping like a rock which means that the Russian stocks nobody will buy them so they might not have a 60 forget 69 losses to the channel it might be zero because they're worthless if you have Russian stocks right now they're worth nothing but on the positive Neil yeah the Canadian the Canadian economies in the toilet which means they want to know the Canadian economy is not in the toilet but their dollar is in the toilet and the frogs will not be coming in large numbers and we already talked about them we have a big celebration about it and they don't hire me to clean their pools anyway how low is screw that Neil and closing uh Tim uh the uh sogees smoking letter carrier don't blame matters because you keep putting it in the wrong box all right thank you that's what the president said too we have an open line don't put it in the wrong box maybe you be in big trouble open line and day one in brown we're just stalling around here because the president may speak uh what it it must be taking a long time this morning or it's going to work on that thing let's get going here we got an important business that we want to hear about you saw whipped up into a frenzy just they come like me okay sell just they come like me don't get all worked up into a frenzy one thing I didn't get no lip from my broker this morning over there at that I want to say where I didn't get any uh well of course she wasn't there I talked to her secretary which is just as well that I blocked the line so I couldn't get any phone call back what's the number where you are right now okay oh yeah I give it number that I blocked the line just sell it okay and give me that cash give me some good hard green that's what I want right now some green even it's from the lawn even if it's just grass the distress you can make them as in terms of the bushmeister that was small potatoes but Truman didn't finish off the job but a guy named Russians that's right when we still had where the only ones would love bomba that's when they should be sure to go over there saying hey this looks like got a lot of oil over here a lot of uh gold a lot of good stuff we're allowed just kind of take over thank you so Pat and one that you do that's the way to do it and the same thing with the japs same damn thing baby on a let's build their economy back up so they're stock market not going in the toilet so our money's worthless and the Russians stock market worth nothing and our market is crashing because everybody else that they're trying to to wipe us out we build a backup again and of course the German banks that are taking 30 billion dollars in the rectum for a big Russian debt that they're never going to see you know what we say about that all right okay what am I talking about markets down 248 points okay in the an Aztecs down 70 points almost 71 that's like 350 points so anyway y'all sand douchebag since we're working feverishly George is and Luanne and yours truly gonna be putting together the best out for this fall best of uh two volumes for money for cent of one and few folks to get your eyes CDs well since sand douche can't be above and do that since of course you really don't do much of anything uh now he's sucking around heavy duty setting us things to give away free tickets that's what we like a promotion man they're really good in fall there you go what can we say about Sam he's an asshole yeah we know that so here's the deal we got two more parrot tickets isn't that a shame we didn't have these yesterday for the guy that called no it's not for the rods store concert that's right two more two parrot tickets for the rods to a concert which you'll have to pick up by the way insurance we did QAM because of the concert be on Saturday and today is already Thursday needless to say it's at the course guy amphitheater this Saturday the 29 and it says you can either give the QM contest line I will say that for the uh for the other tickets for the Markman Guyer or Marlon tickets well let me say it again what a game last night oh level how did it mean anything no except the bar hit number 54 but the resident was pretty astonishing nice job by the way Davele Brian Davele Brian gets no credit at all Davele Brian is outstanding nice job on a radio Dave so anyway let's so we'll give those two whoever ask two pair for Rod Stewart will do the other stuff oh look at us we got six pair for the well we better do this now too give Joe Costello something to do he's probably off the phone with his broker by now I would think when a parrot tickets for the southloaded dodge dealer what are you laughing about when a parrot tickets for the southloaded dodge dealers macatects on the by Monday you know he's gonna maybe if he gets really hot again like he had that streak or hit like four and six days it might be getting real real close to that 60 mark he's up to 54 already and you want to be out there Monday night okay so call number nine right now 1 800 227 0 5 60 that's 1 800 227 oh 5 60 there's a mobile in Gainesville yeah sir I'm doing it yeah I'm doing it yeah just just recruited me for the Panthers all right we can use you baby put your right there on the blue line that's the lighters property right up and I was going to put some soft truck in goal and Timmy Horton on the blue line there we go you're shining on a 259 down and stuff here the awesome I picked up up here can't do it now and you're gonna have to get to somebody send your videos somebody to take this for every night somebody's got no life which is you're being all problem finding many of them there's been a day down in Dave County right I sure mission okay have a good time pal yeah okay okay okay okay okay okay he's on his way to where he's there already huh he's in Gainesville baby hey you know that's good those getters are they gonna have a really great running in this year what's the story with that huh can beat that Gator meat how about those uh seven holes how's that Bobby Bowen how's that old Yahoo doing up there huh those are the important things we should be worrying about markets down 250 points rushes collapsing they got all the goddamn bombs you could ever want to see and then and we're worried about the can a U.M. offensive line blocked that's what we're worried about all right let's hear it for the south photo for the mentality of these people because we got our priorities straight enough baby we know the things that are the really important things in life that's the American's the way here's Orlando hello Orlando Neil yes sir sorry I'm working uh I had to get to the phone Neil I read in the article on that little thing they're on it oh it's got a lot of things on it hey uh what's this I hear that the the night ridders trying to bail out of the Miami Herald and sell it to a bunch of Cuban investors and it'll be the Havana Herald I mean I heard they're actually really getting to try to sell the paper yeah oh wouldn't that be great but you haven't read about that down there I don't I don't I don't they they put a Cuban American guy is the new editor but I didn't read that right they gave him Lawrence or hired after like a hundred years thank god yeah and now they said that you know they the Herald wasn't having it's advertising revenue up to certain levels so they were taking a cell on the paper and they said the biggest investor group now looking at it was a group of Cuban Americans well maybe we can just call an L-Herald and nobody who speaks English will buy it when you get an real newspaper in the county well that would be you know maybe time to go on a daily basis and you get some kind of at least counterculture paper in there yeah instead of some kind of right oh they put that out there on the counter and nobody still picks it up but nevertheless oh well then then that's why they call a counterculture because you pick it up on the counter it's free and they tossing the waste bastard you got radio down you're already taking over the TV ways down there start your own day I'm not my old guy damn news paper sir Rogers right I'll ride all right Neil we do you up here okay I think I'm on it today by the way Rogers rack well it's because of this damn stock thing you know get a little bit antsy don't panic just be like me stay calm cool and fully packed we have two open lines in day five six seven oh I love these cigars by the way from next to you oh oh boxy these these are really good but don't overdo it cigars are great just don't overdo it because then your mouth will start form or party get big tumors but these are uh per dome on a one is box it is a nice box and it's mine okay you know worry about your box now we're about my goddamn box hey George he's doing a Brad Pitt what's in the box I'll tell you what's in the box is a whole crap load of these beautiful little torpedo shape per domas or these these are sensational Nick and Michael told me this morning there's a these are the best cigars we've ever made it says on your thing here 25 exquisite handmade cigars that's an understanding they're a little on dark side don't be or I see the color of the tea tobacco doesn't always necessarily mean that it's real strong with I get a little bit nervous as I don't like them too strong when I put them in my post I want them to be nice and mild okay and malleable 22 before noon if I wish still waiting for the president but he's still in there it's Gord's Gord's working on it and the speech too you need some 117.19 I know and of course everything is dropping like a rock which I told you earlier this morning but you know a lot of people out there but a beatbettable let me call my broker let me call my advisor let me call you know Lewis Rukas you're okay do whatever you like let me get on a plane to Russia I'll tell you one thing you know another we have a American dollar so there's a bus we might wouldn't have you or we need place to go to because you wouldn't have any banks to put the money into no can you imagine you live like a king you go to a gigantic mansion with big big walls of course to keep all those crazy people outside because they're gonna be like you talk about civil unrest that's what South America's all about shoppers I know that like Caracas they've drowned never as long as I live forget to drive from the airport to the city downtown for the shirt and Caracas and you drive through these winding mountain roads and you look and there's nothing but Zillion Zillions and Zillions of Shacks with tin roofs and little TV antennas on top oh yeah they all got a TV set why you got to have a TV set I mean how the hell can you watch whammy with no TV set those vennas whalans they love it just that same a douchebag our people promotion guy but yeah this is just rampant poverty and then at night at night you look up into the mountains and you can see all the lights of all the Zillion's homes up there and of course crawling in the lurking in the background because they come into the city at night and uh do a little hanky thank you well like man for crying out loud they gotta do their thing here's a plantation hello yes sir okay you know I'm sure time this no problem I want to know the how does it get indoors you back those yes because we had a guy here there that we listen to you in my old day and we had a guy here that the air condition played the Joe Rose well good you called Joe Rose and told him about it okay we have an open line in Broward 560 560 560 and a mobile online if ever we heard a pony set of color it was he's singing a song by the way was the guy singing or was Joe Rose singing that call up Joe Rose on the worst team and talk to him about it see how long you'll be on show market's down 330 points that's a nice even number in fact when we get to 333 that'll be halfway to 666 all right told you L anti-caristo is coming in fact there's a big limousine coming in your neighborhood any minute now with L anti-caristo is driving and riding shotgun is the triple cover see better watch your ass god damn it crazy I've calling with some food would better be better than that stuff I threw in a waste basket oh you see I actually had a even light all that stuff yesterday from hops which is delicious by the way but definitely not on the actions I mean let's get serious I went home my blood sugar was 281 281 thanks Gary Sarner you jack-aids you know that Gary Sarner he's in the ass right he is the full of a sensational by the way but I just can't do that but now you're going to be eating pasta I can have a little bit of pasta what why are you shaking your on the say let me say it again I can have that a little okay I just told you what which now was that QUE or CHE here's a full lot of deal hello for a lot of deal good morning when is this listen the couple of common comments like one of my team yeah I never heard so GDR updates from the post full of fish on the pulse you know super mind or ever called you concerning your case oh yeah we had a stupid advisor coming everybody in the brother to all works for the postal service and they roll blaming everybody else it's the system it's the supervisor it's the dog done it it's somebody else is falling oh well then in the they're in the same category it's the financial advice that's absolutely correct the second comment bunch of BSR second comment looks like europea markets are all going down the drain so they're all taking a dump but you don't have all going down the drain do you really believe they're all going down the drain God I don't know what's up yeah it's pretty scary isn't it sir yeah they're talking with okay lock yourself in don't take any rushing ripples or wooden nickel or any steven nickel we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty and see the problem is that these vases don't they won't tell us the truth you're all blue sky you know well but I mean by the boat and if you buy this and if you do that it's at your right they don't know what they were talking about and they keep getting those real nervous uneasy looks you know on CNBC for Joe current and on there he's the working like 15 hours a how much money can those guys be making on there by the way they've got to be making a fortune I mean even though it's you know it's a cable channel nobody in television works eight nine ten hours a day on the air I mean it's not unenrupted but they're in that studio like eight thirty in the morning they'll send a clock at night these guys are gonna be making a fortune and I bet you they're all sticking to another macros they're not investing in this damn stupid stock oh yeah the long bond I got your long one over here okay here's a highly a hello highly a okay I'm talking to you we have it over lunch why is it that there's so many assholes in higher here we have any do we have an answer for that maybe it's role Martinez maybe it filters from the top down well I was kind to about that just afternoon over there in the Bahamas at the crystal palace five six seven oh five six the pound five six the unemobile one line here's a mobile in western hello mobile in western going once go out twice it's too late he's gonna lair yeah he's gone you know when I say here's a mobile at western that's probably used here I said it 45 times and I realized this phone system blows but I can only say it so many times you for people start saying yeah where to hold it be already including me what is it thing up on that line okay thank you it's made with my sauce no it's made with that good sauce oh no what was that okay see he always overfeeds he always overfeeds you're like my god damn mother then you'll be bitch in about I'm too fat I'm gonna die just like my mother by the way go take care of my dog will you die hmm that's good sauce hmm god did chunks of basil and garlic in it what's the name of that again Tim Pony see I MPo any man that is simple sounds like the real and they go stuff man hmm and I'm gonna need you to be a topping from the pizza too well the cheese and the sauce wait put them up cheese on here by the way that's one just what I like to thank you oh yes I am he's going there even too are you screwing up his diet right you fat pizza crap you turned burger he's eating the pizza with a crust if he would just eat the topping get a fork and eat the topping you'll find that that's the crust is crap okay crust is not where you were it's that the topping is good stuff I thought I was talking about the crust is underwear we have an open line in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a prestigious mobile one line here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey deal yes I know the I know the whole country's falling apart and everything so I'll bring things closer to the home because I haven't focused in hotkeys okay the I read the story in the Sun settled today on how Brian Murray is going to trade for you know I'm trying to trade trying to trade for part now all of a sudden you say well you know the gold tending we be and they also have an even signed Kevin Witsett I didn't realize that they've been signed as guy yet Ryan Murray has his own agenda you know it's gonna be great if we get him we got somebody to stop gold to one end but what the hell are we gonna do about boring gold out the end of the other end are you're gonna be picking out yeah well I see I see four basic weaknesses with the past is okay gold tending offense defense power play those four areas I see really a week so that's not everything that's not really so I guess we're gonna have another losing tickets but you know they took the following to the seat you know everybody's buying the season tickets next year if we have another bad year the place to be empty everybody can pick the wrong seat they can pick their seats that's right that's what Brian said he can say you can go pick your acto and what he said yeah well I was waiting all off season for what they were gonna do during the off season we get there in the off season no but absolutely nobody nobody nobody we didn't make any well everybody every day to pay for your read only but surely you know this one's making a trade that one made a deal but while we're doing absolutely anything no no absolutely not any head of it any head of the street within within a couple of days when what he was going arbitration before they finally signed them because they peed in their pants when when they gave all that money to uh... wrecky and then the next day they give the big contract whoever to hell was after that uh... turjan yeah well we have enough problems that eight to six out of weeks and uh... and the rest will sit out during training camp when we need them in training camp to put the team together yeah i think i think uh... maybe Brian more in the city of the time i know exactly the camp you need to go good luck they know you got in a rock to a picture sure hang on okay take care of that guy see talk talking because you think that was an easy way to get to me that's right whatever he'll use on he wants to rock school ticket and we got one more pair by the way you have to pick him up at the share in the street studios don't go in and building too far by the way just go right by the front receptionist and give me your name and get the tickets and get out of there because if you think thank you's ad you're a twenty talks about that right in first and bug and first it's a little bit of an end of the best part of the list red read tried to suck a lesson to work in there oh yeah well maybe we can find some room to build your studio when they try to back out of building this studio and go back on their word which was probably a first for red read you know who would never go back on his word and they try to suck all you will find somewhere like a little broom closet somewhere we're gonna stick you into and then of course is big jewish attorney Allen pretels well we'll pay you a lot of money if you've got to do the show out of a boom closet about the air right over my dead body you big fat maniac taxa hoist oh I'm gonna go on with that mean now okay where are we going let's go to a mobile in a cold spring hello okay sir I get cut off yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah go ahead anyway I was talking about my sister to master what we see oh book over there published by head turned it yeah yeah you got cut off yesterday just like today because it was terminally boring okay we have an open line a day one in broad five six seven five six they got cut off you didn't get cut off sir I put my finger on a button and you vanish it's called hanging up terminal boring send your sister back to room have a great time a lot of good time and go see the colosseum okay and just don't tell me you're a Christian because they'll be bringing the lines out again here's a mobile in poppin oh okay sir good listen to you for a long time I bad you tell me when you did you know I when it was poppin what I mean oh yeah but I'm 27 now and now just getting my career started looking at making a good bit of money they were starting out investing in the back market around taking a dump unbelievable I got 18 these talk that I worked with them at 15 percent discounted all that I think I have to give it with that and the public you know hey you have no heavy public stuff oh I had it out of the wild the first thing I thought I thought it makes it some better to get hard things you probably should you pay for it uh twenty six yeah yeah now that's what seventeen yeah yeah yeah yeah seventeen yeah someone had ballpark seventeen eighteen it's not as bad as my hilton stopped by the way I'm doing ten dollars a share on that thirty two to twenty two in a share and send a fraction I go back to go to the track and make it up okay uh can you do me a favor maybe with my put your hand on my back and plan on the window and then before I jump and give me your right to it okay hang on thank okay that guy wants to go see red store before he holds his brains out online for we have an open line in date that's the end of the road store don't be asking for no more road store tickets because we just had two more pair which of course are close personal friends Sam Dushbag over there are great promotions man who's part of the a Gregory family of uh whatever you would call it that the dysfunctional family of people who are not overworked or overseen which is kind of the way we like Sam let's we see the happier we are anyway so that what what happened to that ten forty five speeds we're not even seeing the podium anymore we see that ugly a pasty old Mary McGrawi on there with a stupidity out of show on CNN I want to be watching the guy damn uh CNBC thing and I'm forced to watch this look at that big come come back to markets making we're down under three hundred now only two ninety eight we're going to make a big come back today probably only go down about two seventy five that's my prediction hey just keeps going down and down and those people out there who have no stocks who haven't got any money there laughing at all the rest of us saying you see you guys thought you were sitting then uh hog city baby or hog heaven and now you guys are taking a real dump and you're right hey if you want a great pair of shoes that have very reasonable price that even you slip down a first let me thank you for your remarkable and warm welcome I'm glad to be here in Worcester the heartbeat of Massachusetts for 150 years now well what we had to carry that because you might actually said something important like about the dresser about the rush of going to hell in a hand basket about that but uh it's you know slick will be in a real good guy Thomas about how great everything is and all the good things that they've done he's got a great sense of humor and saying that the baby if you want to cry go ahead and uh what the hell and a market still down to a hundred seventy four points it's a ten minutes past noon and five six you keep the people listening just in case you might say they can just a feel free to interrupt at any moment but not during the spot if you're feeling forward there we're gonna have a nice corner above you're expecting that we need to do 16 at five sixty w whoever if you'd like to win a pair of tickets for the software the Dodge dealers macatax zone be call number nine right now to the QM contest maybe you'll be able to catch one in a ball two 1-800-227-0516 be call number nine right now maybe you'll win maybe you won't who knows okay that's number two we got like six of those to give away they because Sam is trying to cover his ass because he said your part-backers we have two overlives a day one in grower at five six seven oh five sixty how five sixty on the ATT wireless line candle hello hello yes sir oh it's kind of a long time all right and first one I'd like to say um because I track the market uh for a longer time okay those people that are I call them traded to speculate is that are jumping in and out of the market all if you have been getting filled yeah I know a few but guarantee me Neil if you if you want to fit for a next four year horizon yes a longer I wouldn't have had a crap I don't think the right can see and put it on you know we only the only thing I did was I took a profit today on the GE because I got a very substantial profit there and I would like to have the cash as much cash as possible so that would have market bottoms out I think at that point it is more to get back in right right right on and on the second thing is there is a TV evangelist I catch in a morning when I wake up this guy told me Larry I see out of the arm frame tight he works my name is packed the Robert Tillset all of you have a heard of him all right yeah the name is from here but his thing is he gets on the TV closest eyes and he says there's a lady in Texas for Florida with a back problem you have to send in a hundred dollars for fix it yeah long you just did that right right right right it's not bad about it I should get a car a fracture and then you say you said you said you said you said you said you said about a thousand dollars if you can send that in um your problem be on top pretty quickly there you go and when that thing I want to get back for your back when you have to keep standing up with the heavy load in your wallet but when you're loaded man you get up real quick and easy sure true the one last thing I'm on my back wheel and I'm a true that I'm not cool your pack of luggage in the right one all right and we get more women all right I'll leave I'll leave you with that and we believe you have a great day baby okay okay we have two open lines of date he said he's got a big one so what's wrong with that five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Daniel hello Neil two things top column 3a of the sunset on top left about your favorite subject post office you know and two things all you slept out there it go by some friggin stock yeah buy some stock what you ever Christ say and bail the rest of us out when you do it no come on just give us a little bit of your money so we can you know bail out of it you know get something bad oh well I give it come on give us just a few bucks two over lines in date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line all to be poor again and the guy said oh just wait a few minutes you will be where we go let's go to a plantation hello yes sir you go large Asian crowd out there yes they are heard about the poor Haitian calling call yourself John Lard yeah well what's going on but what do you mean what's going on I'm surprised by the arts you're making crowd we have a large Haitian crowd we got a large parts of crowd we got a large Jewish crowd a lot of go in we have a lot of facts we got a few was straight people we got a lot oh and the good news is from Maddie from channel from whammy call me yesterday to give me the good news that the the what are they calling the sweeps we actually showed up in women 18 to 34 we had a one-sharing woman 18 to 34 so they're actually finding out who's watching that show young women I think you like that young women are watching that show on whammy what do you say about that that diversity right we got a little different kind of crap for everybody like that that's what we're saying yeah could you play the breadstander okay we have an open line well we were talking about huh is never I just said that open line in dating to a Broward 560 560 560 on the 18 to wireless line mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir how are you doing here okay okay um hey um first time call us on one time listener um I just wanted to call in a request and you please do that request line um the duck job no okay we're down it's like two calls on a board actually thought we had a bit of momentum going to this morning we put it all the way had nobody left when the person came on anyway so don't give me that song a dance we had nobody left on it we had two calls on a board then we got two calls on the board now so it's very very weak because we got still just a few days just hang on by your toenails I would I wouldn't be surprised that Joe hasn't even give it away that second pair of tickets for the marons cardinals game put a Mac go the Mac song huh are they gone yet Joe oh Joe's gone oh he he went over just broker at the broker said you better go over here right away because man we got some problems mister maybe the hands got him maybe those yeah they ants got them over there in the right and piston bugging up I'm going to yeah who's that yeah yeah yeah so I'd like to do fat Josh Friedman I could smell I could tell it yeah so what was I asking oh about the uh we did we give those tickets away yes we gave them away to early early quickly right up to a nice young lady oh great okay we have two open lines of dead county see we have young women less now they they don't want to talk to me but if we got something free hey they're right on a phone and Joe's taking her phone numbers let's go to a Hollywood hello hell yes sir hey did you get my profile call geez praise that call okay get us phone number that's a crazy uh Ron Roy what's his name Ron is it Ron Ron we thought it was Raymond but it's Ron why was the we're thinking about Raymond but this is Ron who said it pros act through the mail who actually give us his real address sure you need mental help okay we're gonna send a guy over with a white coat tab you take it away with a a butterfly that put in a rubber room somewhere sending uh pros act through the mail two open lines in date five second and believe me you need a more than we do okay Ron unless you keep calling us which case will lead in need a lot more you maniac you simple then put him away somewhere this guy's running around on the loose here's Miami hello yes sir I got everybody here out of work uh huh yeah and they want uh they want what a call you uh and if you give our play a push and basically got about fifty people you know something we can't do it okay we got one call up and a board never gone straight to music music of your life and WLYM five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line that's bubble man he killed us killed this show well you know something if I had to do it again I'd put it on there anyway how about the other day get him off of there like I said oh but how about the other day when we like uh got fake out and then all of a sudden you know what we were bombing the crap out of them over in Africa just in case you got to be on a safe side I was taken to myself during the Alance break can you imagine what would ever happen if we have another serious like Andrew and other serious hurricane hit this town what would happen to this station I mean at least on the other station all of the faults that may have existed before and after enduring we had Chuck Meyer and Tom Hopkins and we had Jennifer Remp and we had a whole bunch of real news people and me and guys who actually knew what that was all about been before we were through before we're nearie but can you imagine that do we even have a weather wire here? No we have a news wire? No absolutely not to have any contact with the outside will be said to TV set? No no no because there's nothing more important than goddamn uh whether the uh line can block at the U of M or not or they have an block party over there well good maybe they'll learn something that's the only thing that's important so if something like major really does happen like if we have a major financial catastrophe or if the president resign or got our nose what happens like the market found 1996 to dial and that's that 37.75 uh they were not gonna find out about our stuff and the fact we got the TV set and the satellite did for free. I mean these people are all on them they are totally positively absolutely unprepared for any contingency sure they need to like a really important happen to work which guess what is not sports? How about those marlin? All right two-opelines and date one in Broward 560-50560 on the AT&T wireless line. 1224 and 560 QM Hank get somebody's back in a TV. You know it's got a fiction and it's got to be made for TV because it's a fantasy that's right television reruns a bundling fictional mailman like cliffclive and outchairs and Newman Jerry Seinfelds and Nemesis get pretty tedious for real letter carriers it says the U.S. Postal Service is backing production of a made for TV movie about heroic postal inspectors who track down a mail bomber they can't deliver the mail on time they can't forward your mail but they're busy tracking down a mail bomber. That's here in another 40 movie on TV of course backed by the U.S. Postal Service starring Lou Gauss at junior. Remember him remember chapy or was that movie with uh Joe Jason Getrick? Iron Eagle. There you go. Terrible movie. Jason Getrick look good in the do I thought too bad he had his clothes on. Okay we have date counties laying out here today all of a sudden they're all out there brokers right now. They're all rushing to their stock brokers saying sell markets down 327.5 points no need for panic you're with that guy said before what he's saying four years will all be broke so enjoy it while you can. 560-50560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Boko hello. Hey Neil Howard. Okay sir. Hey I'm going we've done not to 3-Morrow and games next week. I didn't go at all last year nothing this year right and I'm excited that's something we're seeing. Yeah a lot of the guys that's gone because the Marlins pull that game out last night. No I know why you're going we all know why you're going. I turned it off after you told me and I just put it on whenever he was on deck or worked in a time. I was just lucky enough my timing to you know leave the track when it was the top of the night. I think it was 6-3 and they had hit the three homers in a row I didn't hear that but then Marlins got the two guys on and Kotzi hit that three round pinched homer and Dave O'Brien went nuts and I got home in time to see the Marlins score the winning run the top of the tent that was unbelievable. Even though meaningless that would a much rather seen the home run live I saw just because I heard I heard the announcer's screaming I heard a joe angel screaming out a TV nearby me at the track and so I flipped over just as the ball was going like 501 feet over the set of field fence. Yeah and I said all right it's something to see you know but again I'm planning on walking around the stadium looking around in between the patch from a choir and anybody who tries to pee on your parade and say oh well he's taken his stuff and he had Tom to blow it out there and I was like a big time big time you know but he was including that default that's trying to stir the pot around here because it's so boring and the dog these are summers who's trying to create a big controversy you're not full of anybody default you've been sitting a douchebag and get married October 10th going to Vegas for the honeymoon we can forward to it great you could be exciting and we went last thought silver on your recommendations on how great Vegas was and out of glass we're going to back every year great excellent yeah but now I don't have anything to plan to solve down the tubes in the market just like so credit card they take credit cards out there like the president told Monica what goes down will pop back up every great day pal thank you love it 1232 at 560 WQM we have an open line in day to and Howard 567 are really slow today they've been slow for about two weeks now getting slower and slower and we're praying that it they'll be back you mark my words I know this crowd like to pop my hand after labor day they'll be back with the vengeance especially after September 5th when rookie camp opens for hockey for the NHL then we'll be doing it baby everybody in legal be all worked up except the court the pants of fans because we got nothing to get to excited about but the arena is going to be great that's the thing see the arena is supposed to now be not only a great place to go and break convenient for many of us but also a substitute for out of good team because we need to open up his pocket book and because they give us a lot of double talk but it would be but about but all this other crap the double talk you used to especially if you listen to this station last season and I still can and thank god Terry Murray smart nothing I could be doing a coach show here's a mobile in for lottery hello hello yes sir hey any idea and great yeah I just want to say all this mark requires to find and and I I don't I know I feel about New York and all but nobody's been attention to Jenna over which hitting almost 400 yeah and what exactly now what's his ever since he's up to 375 unbelievable I bet you're just puking their guts out in Toronto about blood and him get away oh my god it's just unbelievable this camera goire gets all these great drugs and I'm gonna get out of here get these great drugs blood here's another New York asshole okay get these great drugs what a jackass I would be surprised if John or Ruth's taking it up the record you know okay Mr. Experts hot shot so get your nose out everybody's personal life and worry about the accomplishments on the field oh yeah mark McGuire's gonna only see if a mark McGuire will plan for the Yankees or the Metz this guy be at her oh he's the greatest but I mean but don't forget about Babe Ruth forget about Roger Maris forget about Hank Aaron yeah right you freaking New Yorkers make me want a barf god if it's in New York it must be the greatest I must be the best too bad about the Yankees by the way those in four in a row to like finally pull around last night in the second game of the double hundred game singles with stay almost blue which they blew the lead and had to win oh man see everybody sooner or later like I said what goes up must come down and vice versa yeah two he's getting all these great drugs that you can walk into your goddamn neighborhood health food store right on by over the counter see this guy must be listening too much of that default propaganda in the morning on this station another one of these sports experts like that guy to call before oh yeah that trade the upathers it's a done deal your done is what the story is pal well done but don't go off half baked here's a mobile and opalaca hello hello yes sir hi uh yeah John old Rudy think I was the batting home and when he's off the field right hey he's a goofy looking guy he is but he's a you gotta get in credit he's out of the house no doubt hey uh honey hers uh think about him oh say out there about sign he's known for a couple years ago that he's gonna be out when this guy has been able to find that contract the last contract you signed that one of the causes was that he would be the voice of the hurricane by the last year of the contract and he signed the contract like two three years ago thanks mentioned before I mean it can't be a surprise thank you's mentioned this yeah that's a lot of how come Hank knows it and Sunny doesn't know what Sunny was on with Hank for a few minutes couple weeks a few weeks ago I was the guy I hate uh came on and said you know yeah he looked in good because he thought it was uh it was well what he mean he looked into another the only way he could have known matters if he talked to Dave Lambert or somebody over there who signed the contract with him at backson or queer channel or where we're gonna hello was well that's what he did because honestly he said yeah but but setting matters side what first of all what does it say about my good friend Dave Lambert that he was string sunny along and I tell him I've already made a deal and uh I mean I know it's a hard thing to do but for crying out loud Sunny's an easy guy to get along with he's not a uh raving maniac why the whole thing in tell him of something like that and certainly what how can you make an excuse for the U.M. people and a clear channel people not having the decency to give him like a few a couple of months notice or anything well if they've known about it for two years why didn't they tell him I don't think he should have got rid of the guy in the first place but honestly from what I understand uh wow I guess I don't know how worth that but it's supposedly this has been known for a while there's gonna happen it's just now that's happening here okay yeah yeah that's you m4 have a great day pal yeah Sunny you should have known pal you should have known you should have been a little bit more alert when you went to the locker and they had your name off the locker and all your crap was thrown out on the street you should have known no more sunny her show but here no more showers with a guy's at u.m. we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line by the way George you worked with Sunny what do you think about so here's a lady mobile in sunrise hello yes sir how are you doing this is lady hey lady how are you doing okay I just want to tell you you're the best yes and thank you so much for suggesting the m-o-d-coach oh what I tell you that place is incredible it's a great thing I'll tell you so the m-o-d-coach they said you better call me on the morning tell them how great it was excellent so thanks again okay I'll see you there okay bye bye bye m-o-d-coach is great but I turn out a restaurant man like the pizza law of mandum is that a great meal or what of course mainly thanks to my sauce oh god what that's a shout he's don't know don't spill that beautiful uh that's salsa that's gonna get my m-o-d-coach your team that away hundred thirty pounds tomorrow we need to hold your sauce and it's gonna get my m-o-d-coach I'll be talking like a yelty on helium tomorrow m-o-d-coach like that because that sauce really speeds up your metabolism and it makes you burn it baby or your all your judges burn it one so anyway this is from Patrick Tim Pony at a court where that's where the name came from I didn't realize that that's his own name that he put on his brand ice gun San Perefresca always fresh in Italiano Tim Pony is originally and it's a great great spirit now is that what we got spaghetti sauce and sauces that to yes medley over there and it's in public by the way we'll have to get our friends at the Ranzo to create that too because I know that they would definitely want to have that because it's really great stuff in fact we'll have to get you have corn to start using that because uh like I said although he don't want to get his friends at Cisco foods upset because he likes those free trips a lot Dave County is wide open for your porousel by the way there is not a tickle on the board in Dave County there is nobody who speaks English there's nobody who didn't come off of an animal there's nobody's got anything to say about a god damn thing there's nobody owns any stocks there's nobody who cares about markman glare about anything about bobby hulf and we had one call about bobby hulf no and we had one call about this major controversy bobby hulf says Hitler wasn't such a bad guy and a blackster multiplying too fast and all the other unbelievable stuff he want him as smart shot look like a sweetheart no not one call because they haven't got any idea who the bobby hulf even is all these great sports on your sports station how can you have a sports station tell where nobody knows anything about sports one thing we do know about those good food and things the remainder of your golden years in the land of death but once that you have to depend on is your car with chukinus effed on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carolar now bring you and old jewish guy named Isaac Hitler raised from my portable field you think and the ass remember when we used to post a mac and carabine and we ought to get a bundle for this baby white was a cooler hit a way from my portable field you think and the ass was that I have sex seriously the confederate like that well now I think somebody's got a way from my portable field you think and the ass get a way from my portable field you think and the ass whenever some bastard tries to steal my car I feel safer with an old jewish guy named Isaac Hitler raised from my portable field you think and the ass get your old jewish guy named Carlisle now and receive a free flower in tenor get a way get a way from my portable field you think and the ass an old jewish guy named Isaac Carlisle now available it all there's story property 35 50 WQ I'm going to pair tickets we got a whole bunch of these still the do they we got four more we better get with it you're on saying get on top of it when it pair tickets for the stop for the dodgedeater's mac and tax on be called number nine right now for the QM contest line and one eight hundred two two seven five sixty one eight hundred two two seven five six eight your catch markman where were the QM mac and tax on on Monday night at pp park in the club level section no less it left field who else you might catch it we have two open lines in day but we've had let's do the highly a crank first home move on highly yeah I'm from my Liam and he we have a question mark yes yeah and you were talking about how nobody from data called this side just for you know come tell call you you know like whatever man oh you were talking about the other day but I'll awhile ago you remember how you would criticize these sports town hello I'm listening oh sorry um you that Chris that they're like laughing gas yeah true like they're always laughing around they never like taking it this year but like ever since you criticize them they've come down there you go and um and he's got no problem no problem sorry Neil but what's your name I forgot her name who the bitch I show I have already what did you start a show like stop showing Kathy Kappin will it yeah Kathleen what I was reading the will is yeah stop showing cleaver then you know nothing just in a little bit better but you still want to sorry I'm you know yeah but you know they're all right name they're okay they mean well they're okay no we're conscious I got okay date county white over last call for the calls for date county any interest in date anybody alive in date anybody got anything to say and date in English anybody in that's funny oh no in a tally on no in front say no we got any brits in the date county any tourists in date anybody oh okay well I'm just checking five six seven oh five sixty anybody in date the who Bobby oh nobody's here no bread home nobody no Warren home no he's orangey heart and no five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18 do I was fine why I'm gonna tell you what the usual on your keep during these several weeks especially these last couple you will really earn your keep and thank god I'm just I got that salsa man I'm wired now baby it's either these crazy uh cigar these two-bin bullets that I'm smoking or it's that salsa that's right recto on fire but I want you uh who's recto not so much often not really bad for the group recto not a good idea this take a really easy I'm soft tissue okay in fact those touch wipes are really good where we go in here's a lady in poppin oh hello lady in poppin oh hey yeah okay I your pickle problem still not worked out it's just he's creeping very slow I'd say maybe he has 20 or 30% of the meal and today is the three weeks since I put that card in this is an athletic I still am looking for about 70% of my mail I have something I'd like to read you from home office out several issues in the trade big adventure called going postal despite the fact that the US Posting Service has realized profits of more than one billion dollars per year in 1995 you're sure that it's a share yourself for a and your business yet another post the type that's because in June the Postal Service Board of Governors announced the decision to increase revenues and additional 2.4 billion dollars oh it was awesome January 10th 1999 that's what I like to know oh I died we're the house making you know profits from there I you know it sounds to me just like the Russian government you know the IMF owns of a hundred billion dollars and none of it ever gets spent on anything and all just appears the business of the public and the business of the public and we did use your all these idiots calling and whining a couple of days ago about it if we were just pay 45 cents a stamp then they could afforded to get it done and how they're understand and underman of billion dollars of profit that money must be gone somewhere if these people at their foot the out delivering mail we're not listening to you and calling you on the phone right you know there might be a little bit better good point they're all wondering about what they're Sony Walkman I listen to this y'all they think that's all I've got you ever great day you give a buy 30% it's going to be pretty soon there'll be 40 cents it'll be 50 cents let's see feed on the three to go I know it's a long circuit okay now right now don't put a lot of pressure on Joe whether he's busy if he's lucky not even like we did today boy that was really good and from people I'll have no less okay we're I can't believe he asked me was I find a New York to go to Elgo Stignell Elgo seems a great guy I love me sensational he's got a great sense of humor a little bit on a crude side I like people a little more classy than that but uh and that's enough of him already you know what I'm saying anybody although you enjoy the free meals okay she would not go say too much huh you're not going to say glory hold yeah and of course that rich interesting too much does he show up at the same you're going to have no for a long time on by the way fat rich couldn't make it in the track last night had another pressing thing coming up so Derek and I were there was just a soundle catching only and uh at a great time I want to prove in 70 bucks 70 bucks you know something what I leave the track and I lose 70 bucks I think I just want to make it this is better than playing a stock market here's a you know and we had a good crowd out there last night because I came on here told everybody about the fourth floor is open and it was packed thank God for me because you pose those over there poppin oparks don't tell anybody what's going on and Derek made a good point he said probably 90 percent of these people thought there was live racing that and showed up and had to stick around anyway that's going to tell ice-cony and here's a mobile in hailea hello yes sir great hey listen I hope that lady doesn't mind I'm taking my two hour break you're under the shade in hailea yeah let's okay I don't care either I don't keep my meal in hailea you take all your life you know all the play I'm about all those uh 4.5 billion whatever 20 years for three different government agencies yeah and you know what the little people the blue collar worker we never see up any of that and the his bowl is the upper management the guys are doing the hard work they're all the scuttle I know that I got a friend of works for the government he is making up my two uh by dog food leave me that's just you guys we down at the bottom you know we have the right yeah well you can't even go smoke it yeah yeah every week that's all I care just like this place I can really don't you know that's the way anyway I just started to bad mood nice timing actually time you know what time is cutting down here in post office I got to make my money somewhere out yeah yeah I put a few thousand dollars down and I stopped the so far it's going great you're going to the mass taxes and I was asked you what the hell that mean by when they're getting ready to do a split should I buy right before right after the do a split I mean they're racing right out the door be Korean catching no I don't get out before they do a split I think you were super one you get there if you got a hundred cheers then you get two hundred cheers I mean if you're chasing your chances to make a money are better doing that although the notable exception was Republic which should did a split and now I'm doing this split because their stock isn't a crapper no no I don't want nothing to do with that guy because I mean I republished up because it's a bunch of crap I'll let you in and a little uh called dull computers man yeah that's a big secret hey you know they don't get affected by you know all this thing is going on in the Asian market because they don't keep an inventory even the Haitian market ain't the interferon winner oh Haitian hey okay pal okay pal good luck you go ahead another whatever you're smoking okay there's a postal guy he's smoking a number he sent under a tree you know a bit of shade you know I have no problem with the individual people as long as they're eventually delivering the mail I just have a problem with a system that doesn't work that's all we're talking computers here he's talking about Dell which by the way brings computers to mine I mean Dell by the way rhymes with sell oh I'm sorry this came to my it's only down 270 points now what did I say this morning right at out of the box I said a 10 o'clock I think we can go for about 350 days and the market's got three hours and I'm in it's before it closes at 445 when they find to get the last trickles in there it's got about three hours and 15 minutes I think we can get to 350 days don't you? huh sure I'll tell you for a guy that just sits here and I don't I'm not an I know nothing I know nothing about it I don't know nothing about the weather I'm not a meteorologist and I tended to hurt him was gonna smack in North Carolina then I tell you I'll run on target while Brian North Cross was hyperventilating and jumping on the ground like still spinning he's totally irresponsible Brian that's why channel 4's numbers even when we got better numbers than you had a channel 4 news that's right you got numbers that nobody could find with a guy been in search party couldn't find your numbers and you're waiting either you little poor weather theory got getting everybody all worked up but I thought when it hits coming back it's not coming back okay pal it's not coming back any more than the audiences coming back from the hurricane end with that got stuck in by your hysteria because the next one what was the one that almost came I came on with the name remember we had a real good steer there and he was trying to bring it back with his hand on the map was already north of here I keep mentioning this every day just to point out to you if you want to we need to know what's going on with the weather you want to see places where they're not psychotic in this there we're gonna turn on the weather channel you all got the cable turn on the weather channel they got good people on their like Dave Schwartz there's a guy got a sense of humor speaks a little bit of yiddish one of the plans oh he'll give you the straight poop said this hysteria I mean he's irresponsible jackass you can't complain about the general's minutes down because there isn't a right none here's the hollywood hello yeah you know who Bonnie was blowing on the nail yeah hey you like doing that ass bar yeah great that's the same guy that was pretty I guess you must have finished okay you get a towel we have an open line in trial we five six seven oh five six these five five six these are a duct job over there five five six the on 18 to one was one here's bulk at hello bulk at hello yes sir hey here how are you doing okay I just want to know we keep a couple of statements that's been hearing in Miami but how Miami told people like the next Hollywood is this bad and people are being told he would afford to not California no I mean Hollywood man you're confusing well I think somebody is a thing tag you know birds and the trinity of the guy you know Hollywood yeah yeah yeah I mean not you know that's right about everything yeah you know it's a rouse or anybody but like you know I do want to go and link in stuff and I've seen the ones you I know they said our involved with any movie production it's not that bad what do you mean you guys don't only prove me don't want me in with a couple okay I just did do my show here in a paper okay you guys I don't want to be a source any of those yeah I don't know what they're running play I'm using these chat on like Lincoln Street and the place knows from unprofessional isn't it just I don't know what you know you got me what you mean Lincoln wrote or the old way and you know what I'm the quarter there well I'm not fits in like a glove and you got me just doing around I guess the first time doing a show or something on the air you can see like the way what happens is it makes there's nobody watching anyway see I think I'm picky about no but people are watching they might put some professional people on there but I don't it's public laughing fire and they don't know how to do with the public and that's what I think the reading one of what is that has to do with this town what does that have to do with this Miami and Hollywood we're gonna be working to prove this town is being worth you expensive you have to have well we counted people running this show yeah I just think in other words just how will be successful will land it gets it's okay that's a good point so hold your breath right now the let's you know what it is out in your breath too we have an open line that's like they got to call number a few days ago said that we have to have a powerful mayor that'll do the small stadiums and we create good radio these people are reading a man they are on top of it they got to grasp they got to grip they understand government they understand the world around them don't say no when you're looking to make you're next to like chronic your 8L but Neil Rodderdale it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon you know showing this what a great sense of humor he's got in the baby is crying and he's yucking it up and telling us about the great accomplishments in the economy and butterbeat but it will and at a meantime while watching that they've got in the upper left and corner there on CNN they're showing the dowel information all the stock market taking a crash down almost 300 points and they're showing stories about how workers guys out of business and everybody's broken they're ready to go into civil disobedience and right in the streets and trying to get their rules out which are worth nothing and etc and the fact of the companies are and you see that the communist legislature is saying this and they're saying that well at least that'll give some of those old people in domino park to start screaming about companies that communist the city there he goes again it was Ronald Reagan got the communist out and built up and let the comedies back in there I told you don't let no no no democrat back in and most of them bubble while he was busy doing this they were busy doing something here's Hylia hello hello yes sir yeah I mean you know that's not a lot of funny thing on tv I don't know if you thought it's gonna use that pen now we heard about a rich scientist thank you okay we have two open lines and day one and grower five six seven five sixty five sixty on a mobile one life awful out of people out there watching channels have a news he can only including Gellie he was talking this morning about how he was watching it on the one hand he's chance-tizing the everybody else where they won't watch in the whole Marlon Cardinal game and I want to bad fans they are how many they're watching the Cardinal game and channel seven news at the same time I ask you huh you've phony little pork Gellie you little piece of pus here's call spring hello you know the others thinking you know Bobby Hall they've ridden Chicago black hearts on the same line with stand the key I what about what is got to do with replay but well no you just said you were saying nobody knows who Bobby Hall is and I did them a big hockey that's what I'm about yeah well no what he said though what he said you know in Russia what he said you know what he said you know what he said you know what he said you know what he said you know what he said you know what he said how could he be some his quarters is to say that he's suing them he never said anything like that that is a lot of bullcraft because you know what his son is an F so he's his son is an F Paul okay his son screwed over St. Louis okay okay okay we have two open lines in date to a Howard 560 560 560 on a mobile one line there's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir you know God are you doing okay just so I'll quick I'm next to that was often now Vegas and then I set up to a Colorado division like Southern the L'Avada but that works from Denver I stopped in a little town a little mining town called central city and as I'm walking through the street there's a little they have you know machines a climate change at all that real place found the glory oh I got you the guy that's some of the pictures no no no no no no no it's something to pictures I got it right here finally it's somebody sent me photos of it yeah very very loved pub right right a full white man oh yeah yeah well there's the glory hole goes to sure if you're looking for me you'll find it okay there's a guy went to a Vegas and said a gambler and have a good time he was looking for glory holes and found one we have an open line in date I didn't know that they had a Westland mall out there what open in date and all of a row all of a sudden come on stand up and be a man over to where 560 560 560 on the mobile one line better do this again when it heard the city only recently that they're not calling me is there's a one type of their line they want to be free to be calling joltai still and try to win your god name stupid mall and take it when it heard tickets for the southboard of dodge dealers macatax on be color number nine right now this is the fourth one out of six by the way to the qm contest line 1 800 2 2 7 0 5 6 6 with cash marks from where the qm macatax on monday club level section in the last field and maybe it'll catch the big ball it'll be number 50 something we don't know which because he's got 54 already every time Sammy so so looks like he's got a catchman move pass like he's standing still Sammy comes up with 52 yesterday and all of a sudden by the big nays and he lives back there goes number 54 501 foot shot over the set of field fence in bush stadium a man is shot a woofian shot nice going airmax so that's number 4 1 800 2 2 7 0 5 6 we have an open line in date we got 2 and brown we got 5 5 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line here's higher lia hello yes sir okay okay okay how come all of the kids can we get calls from anywhere date county beside higher lia no I don't think so you're all hanging out of what they're all calling from the wasteland mall I think look at this one call up the naburnits got question marks on here my buddy he works on Pitie is downimes that tell 74 to pick one i'm gonna buy my You're right. You're right. You're right. Three, two, one. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Oh my god. We're back again. Okay, we got to play a hard ball with the back door, boys. You're to get some action out of these lines here. Very weak, man. You people are really laid lane. And we got some really great advice on that market today, didn't we? We got some really, and of course, all, well, we don't have time to be caught up. So we're busy selling and trading and jumping off to our buildings. Yeah, good out of here. All a bunch of the phony's man guessing. This one says this is a very, is a police full of bull crafters. What they're all for. They haven't got any idea. Down 240, who make a little bit of a comeback there. Maybe we can get under to a member of City of City. If we can get to a day and the market goes down less than 100 points. Now, we're really happy. We can finish under 200 by 405 this afternoon. We'll be having a party. All right. Under 200 points down on a dial will be celebrated. We'll be having a party in the afternoon. We're doing something in our pants. If somebody did a, on a carpet, like you little dogs, maybe he'll be down in drop to the little logs, they'll probably get me a sign holiday time. Well, drag content. From under 1 to 560 WCM, headgover from Crystal Palace over in the Bahamas and other tough assignments for hang today. And as Jimmy Johnson, sure would hang 5 to 6. We've got on at 6. It's Thursday. Oh, we got talking baseball with Johnny. That's what we got. And of course, the Marlins and the Reds. If you think that's terminal. Hey, there's going to be just as much interest in that Marlins Red series as it was in the Cardinal series, wasn't that? No. Here's Miami with 17 questions, Marcelo. No, okay. Thank you. Nice job, George. Two open lines in date, one in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Well, I gave Marlins a lot of questions. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? You don't know the thing. Okay. And I say, you are hilarious. I say, you are right with me. I don't hear it. You have a final list of what's up. It's just over the news. I heard you're talking about that. What's up on what up? What up is like, you know, you're questioning something. And what's up is like, you're in the same need of money for a long time. What's up? What's up? You know what's up? You got, you got, where the emphasis on the yup? Yeah, like the civil inversion. You're like, what's up? Yeah. Okay. I worked for the post office and these faces and branches. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Well, you got, you're the head problems of your previous mail. I'm getting reported. Yes. Well, probably would be an understanding. Yes. Slow terminal snail and do's. You know, I don't deliver the mail. I work at the general mail facility. You know, we like the imagery of the post office. What do you do? You're sitting around drinking coffee all day? No, no, no. A lot of dirty jokes. That's the simple values of that. Okay. You know, the civil values of your own legal answers and these are all the, you know, on the major positive things. But when there's a mail post office at the brand, too, you got to use civil values who only get in the post office for maybe a year or less a year and they become Microsoft by a little bit and you know, you can't get them trying to run your bill. Is it? Is it a memory? I'm sorry. I'm sorry you have a little problem. I'm better at other times. My stocks in the crap, and I won't be able to pay those bills anyway. Who cares? But Josh Friedman is doing the baseball show and not totally. Is that what you were so brusseless to your wedding, tell me? Well, who really put in court in there? We're putting Josh. Well, I think that's why I said that. Josh says what Josh in Jason is what it says. Is what it says in my schedule back there with Josh and Jason. Does anybody care about that? No, okay. You're doing a good job with the way there Josh puts the cut the crap. We have an open line in Dave one and borrowed five six seven, five six seven, five six. All in by the way, you know, it's interesting. Yesterday we were panicking because Orange for Marty was having semi-soulson. Little bit of our realize that the times were playing the day game yesterday. We're sending him number 32. And that was a paper interview. It's not like he was talking to him like live and currented like what's up. It's like ancient history. So all you idiots that were getting sucked in by that orange for Marty there on Waxyman. Shame on you. Here's Miami. Hello. You know how to go on? Okay, sir. Okay. I'm on the slow side, but look at your will make it through. Yeah, you know, you're worried that the beginning of the summer, whether or not you're going to be able to pull through. Oh, it's brutal. You can see the light in the tunnel. I'm a virgin at 6.1, who could take a joke and who will love us and see your show. Who's totally converting his family members into listening to you. Yeah. Well, a little bit more thin skin to me. And it's kind of funny when you just play the bonnet song. Alright, I'm going to go. I can remember a few months ago I played at 2.0 and they were all turning out off through it. That's nonsense. I don't want to hear that. Great, sir. Yeah. I can't think of anything that people were realistic to man. You know, they'd be right on target. You know, the people that they don't want to hear anything that's their minds is a foot down the race or whatever. Don't confuse them with the truth, is that, eh? Yeah, you know, they can't take it, you know, as- Just like there's some Orthodox Jews that they want to hear that we're in these two but being here is like I'm worried as we're these two but maybe I can make people a laugh at you. Yeah. I mean, what would they take us to convert you from where the yam is going to win the Dasheekies? Well, that's the next week. That's the same as the Red of Schedule. Hey, Neil, I found something that is truly important. I'm not sure if you're wondering who's so shuckled once you've via David Janeel at the Harold. Once you've worn by the great Ahmed Khan, too, by the way. I found something a little bit more terminal than Warnsch Marley. Yeah. That is Sunday line up on QAN. That's still a shame in that soccer hour and that you just can't look at that. They still got that soccer crap on there. I couldn't believe it. Oh, my God, don't be understanding nobody cares about soccer. We must all points during that hour. We must have squiggly lines during that hour. Well, first of all, I don't know what I was doing. We can not that early anyway. But I just happened to wake up and that turns it on and I listened to it. And I thought, I mean, I mean, I'd rather go through high Leo make it or something like that. And remember the days, if you must go over, we were running like 60 second promos for a 60 minute show with the Philshit, the soccer show. 60 second promos. 30 seconds will be logical. 30 would be like 30 seconds to much, but 60 is like punishment. It's like murder, slaughter. People are on death roll for less than that. Now, you have to end with a God's left. They won't joke that I'm funny. Probably not worth that. That's Tony Bruno, man. This guy, he needs some serious assistance. This guy's pathetic. Okay. Well, no, you take it easy. There are a lot of hurdles to like you. All right. Okay, Dave County's opening again. Boy, do we have any white people ever hear the show? No. We said, all of our comments today. Be dark. If you know what I said, which we have no problem with that, we'll talk to anybody who be listening. We don't have no white people. We have who we always talk to a little punk. And we have dark and white people. We have no white people left of this show. Why? White people are who you? Is that like white people or Jews? We have no white people left listening to the show. Are you trying to tell me that Julio's are white? Some of them are. Oh, oh. Like who? Like me? Oh, God. Are you kidding me? We saw that your blood test results. You're how do your mind, man? See how I'll tell you get to about that? I totally have seen those pictures of a Cuba. Yeah. From where? There's no white people left in Cuba. So what are you talking about? They're all Hispanic. They're all Latinos. Oh, and I'm going to tell you what a genius guilty is. Oh, my God. They were having a big deal. One of their big contrived arguments on the morning show a couple of days ago. And somebody said something about Mary Elito. And he said, what's that? This is a punk who lives here in South Florida now. Pope Francis and something he's going to be on the Panthers telecast, which I find either I'm using or enough to be cry. What's the Mary Elito? What he doesn't know about anything. Not just sports about anything, you can feel 7500 in Central Piggas with what young those are about doesn't know about anything. But I think somebody that is doing must have an eye for him or something because I can't imagine any other reason why he's on the air. He must have caught somebody's eye. We have two open eyes and they've found he 56, 70, 55, 60 on the mobile one line. We're not just talking about, say that. How are you with? Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I spoke to you a few days ago. I'm a postman that was called and I, about what? You hung up on me, but I was posted in the year three years ago. I think a fence that you were a postman of the year three years ago. Well, what do you have for lately? You didn't have the courtesy to talk to me. You could do up on you'll probably speak a lot of crap. That's why what did you say that made me hang up on? Because if you say that again, I'll probably do it again. It's raining right now. I'm not here delivering mail. Yeah. And what about you? Nobody's packed me on the bed. Are you getting a punch, Joe? Do you have a punch, Joe? You know, all the guys that you ever gave me. I don't remember for you. Yeah. I'm not on your watch. I can never get the mail. Okay, there you go. All right. Congratulations. There we go. We just saw the problem for you. Okay. So, I'll just get your Pins off the postman. You'll never live long enough to see your mail. Thank you so much. I'm so glad you called back my asshole. I hope that Hurricane Bonnie lifts your ass up off the ground. And whips your ass right there to the hills of Carolina never to be seen again. You're lucky I don't deliver for you. Oh, hold, baby. Right there, that was it even even Inspector Pussau. Good finger this one out. You'll never see your mail there. I wonder how many of these mailmen are like, Oh, well, I don't like this particular on this block. So here's a piece of the mail in the box. And here's 40 on the ground in the dumpster. You jackass. Everybody is a postal service in Ferris. They just called and made that statement. So, that he was the postman here. Yeah, right. My ass. Oh, my god. That was one of the great calls in history of radio. If I do say so myself. I want to win a third ticket for the software to dodge here about that 50 columnist area's chapter. Well, that would be something to mention in next time you come down here. So, you can do it. So, be college alone. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I've been looking you about a month now and you got a real good show. I want to ask you about, you said you want data for a while. Uh-huh. Now, did you have the same type of show on data? What you just like this? Yes, I did. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. All right. We'll think to you and we think you're hilarious. And God bless you. Thank God. You're proud. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. 16 year old white guys. Oh! You threatened you knocked over my bonge. Oh! I can't stand on the floor. Only my damn feet. I got to sure if he's right right there. One thirty one. But, yeah, I was listening to you yesterday, and I guess I never heard it by Bob Molly. I don't listen to Bob Molly. I don't listen to Bob Molly. And he wouldn't mind me if he was a good anyway. But now let's see here. That people don't care what he wants to do. It's Elvis's concern, whether we listen to his music or not. No. He's not that. The strikes are not your care, whether we watch his stupid movies or not. No. Well, listen to his goddamn boring music. No. No, you're off. Oh, God. What are we going to start getting the real good strikes and not the stuff? Not the croaks. The market's making a nice comeback, if I do say so myself. 217th. That's small potatoes. I told the people just to sit tight. Not over yet. So, I mean, just calm down. Next down, 66. The Dow was down like 33 something before. But they're animals anyway. Let them lose their souls. Isn't that always the thing we say about an E.A. Ethnic group that's tall on the hard time? They're animals anyway. Let them lose their souls. Like I said in God, Bob. I didn't know no God, Bob. Here's Miami Beach, hello. New God. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Listen, I was just driving home from lunch and I heard the abionics song. And I had to call in. Yes, sir. Today, I had to do some work in overtime. You've been working overtime, yes? I had to do some working liberty city. And two things. You don't have to. What's up? Yeah. I'm driving there. Okay. And every other billboard is either for a brand of liquor or a roadshmo tell. Yeah. Every other store is either like a mom and pop supermarket. Mom, I love what? Yeah, because you want to see a public deal. Mom, I love pop. I try. You want to see a bank there. So, it's either a mom and pop supermarket. Windows can't or or a morgue or a morgue. Okay, well, listen, say hi to Bobby Hall. Okay, we have an open line in date five. He sounded just a little bit racist to me. He's starting talking about sparks sound like that. You better cut it out, Mr. Open line in date five six seven five sixty. Pomp five sixty on a mobile one line. We got don't forget Josh Friedman and. And who? Jason. Oh, Jason. I guess I don't know. I don't know. I guess the lot I've never met most of those people. There's a little 10 year old board up over there. And we have that Josh though. And the good news is we don't have to get him to the door with the shoehorn anymore. Atomoy Josh. He's doing his lot of 700 pounds, only 300 to go. What? Pretty soon he'll be able to see his. Won't that be your shot? Nobody else wants it. Here's a Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, well, who is clowns think they are in the morning rip in your man? About what? I don't know. Goldie was talking to some crap that he had a beef with you about something. Something you said about him. Yeah. He was a girl. He's an asshole. That's who you. In fact, I think it ought to be a girl they being such a cut. Who sings songs about himself stand up and sit down and fall down. Gellsy. Gellsy. Talk it on a sports show. Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here, old girl. I'll let those sports show. What else are you saying? Goldie. Gellsy. Talk it like a baby. Who needs a little training? Like how you understand. You don't sound like a man. We will go rubber bands. That's your throat. Come, Goldie. Gellsy. Gellsy. Gellsy. Your lucky management doesn't have to tell me. You don't belong there on the air. Gellsy. Those sports can wait till your voice cracks. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your baby and your baby. Gellsy. Gellsy. Gellsy. Gellsy. Gellsy. When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to grow up. You feel a swinging boom. Go to broadcasting school. Your free, your best is for us. Make you sound like a punch. Your heart. Your heart. Gellsy is a surpassed normian kid on the annoying scale. First of all, the most annoying person on the face of the year is to use to be normal. Can't be classified himself. But Gellsy is passed in like he was standing still with flying colors. That's gone, Gellsy. Just annoying and real and always wrong. I have no idea what you're talking about. But boy, he sure can look that big round. Okay, where are we going? Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. There you go. Yes, sir. Listen, I've got a comment on the Mark and Warren. New supplement controversy. You've got 20 to 30 times. If you look at pictures of them when you play them all a couple years ago, about three years ago. Right. So now, I mean, it's a complete matter of what it's. Yeah. It's not a natural testosterone blusers don't do that. It's been a personal trainer in Miami for 15 years. Right. I've been on an avocceroid that's taken every supplementer is I'm telling you. There's no way that guy's done that big. It's got that powerful on a natural testosterone blusers. Of course not. Absolutely not. But he says that is just trying to be honest. That's all the star posts not to be put away for a while.