So, before we get into anything else here this morning, because I'm fascinated with the obsession with this gator thing here. I mean, I know that there are people the animal huggers who are into gators very much. Anybody ever seen any gator dropings? Because I thought I heard a few this morning during the course of the Lifestyle Paralympic show, gator dropings. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Hello, New? Yes, sir. Hey, I moved on here a few months ago from Houston. Yes. We've done it during the time when the baseball team was selling out all their star players. Yeah. And I remember you were, you were right and then Raven about that, you were given away your tickets and different things and you were right now. In fluency. And nobody cared. Right, but I remember that you were saying that you weren't against the players. You were trying to send a message or we should send a message. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not going to be a good player. You're not a one. See what I'm saying? Is that a difficult thing to find out somebody who lives in Gainesville? Somebody who went to school there? We got to find out what the hell is the big attraction with Gainesville? Maybe it's even more exciting than he's dancing. You think so? No. And Arbor? No. Columbus? No. Christopher? No. I'll sit back here and wait. This is going to be just like yesterday. Oh, we're in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. This is one of the great mysteries of my life. Gainesville. Gator droppings. Let's hear it. Come on. How long do you think this is going to take? And see this one guy. The first guy that calls. He wants to do not know. Not like a full blown shot. But a little shot at me. Aren't I hypocrit? Yes, I am about the hockey thing. And like I said, I don't care who the guy named owner is. I'm just looking around. Just keep looking around you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. This morning, by the way. 22 after 2, we got the boasts to reach 6. The D2 are right wing, 7 o'clock tonight. Any interest in that? No. Just one. Did I think I asked a difficult question? Seriously, I want an honest answer. Do you think that that was a difficult? I mean, if the point I'm trying to make, if there's all this interest in the Gator Crap and Gator football and this redneck Steve Spurrier, then there must be some connection with Gainesville. It's 300 f in miles away from here. And I'm waiting to hear what it is. And I can't get one for you. And you know there are less than every guy that I'm including this Jack as the postcard, get rid of the arraggers we want sports. And I'm trying to learn. I want you to learn me something, okay? And I still can't hear nothing here about Gainesville. Which have an atleast a hell of a lot more important than anything else that's going on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Are these lines working? The funny working. How do you like it? I'm sitting here screaming in the yelling, carrying on a phone's not working. How did the one guy get through? Hello? Yeah, I like to. How did you come from? I just called from a mobile and bokeh. How long ago? I've been ringing for about 10, 10, 10, 10, ring. I'm sitting here, you know, something I could be saying every word that the phone's broke. It might be. No, it might be. It might be. I'm calling. I'm calling about Gainesville. Okay, let's hear it, pal. You're on. Class of 96 graduate. You're here for five years. And tell me all about Gainesville. What is your call? It's your call to me college town. I've been to some other college towns and I thought Gainesville was the best one. Yeah. You know, I've been better than East Nautilus. I don't know. I've never been up there. I've only been so comfortable. Definitely better than Ann Arbor. I've only been to couples schools in the south. Can't beat that gator me. So, you know, I can't talk about East Lansing and Columbus in places like that. My brother did go to Columbus about a month ago, though, for a football game. And he said, he really had a great time. He said, you know, of course the people in Ohio are very nice. And Columbus was a great college town. Yeah. It was kind of a bit. It was a little bit comparable to Gainesville, except that it was just a much bigger city. And of course, you've got the different weather and the different, I mean, because I mean, because I people say, well, of course they sell out every game in the football game, because there's nothing else to do there. And I hear that all the time. They do say that that's true, but you have to remember that about half the people that go to those games, come from all around. They drive up from here, you know, some camp up, some jack and bill. So, I mean, what's the, what's the, what's the, and University of Florida? What's the student population? Right now, it's right around 40,000. And they do 70,000 and some for the games, right? 85. 85 and saw every game, of course. That's right, every game sold out, even if we're playing, death in dumb you or for playing Florida State, it doesn't matter. Oh, you're calling her, Cones, name's Defendum, you now. Tanned, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about like a little, three-poss that we played open to see. Right, well, everybody's got to do that, you know. And I get, you know, I get the reason why we do that is because, you know, our family, problems up in East Lansing, we tried that too, but they're around the Nadebito. So, it didn't work out for you. Like Central Michigan, Eastern, University of Toronto. Luckily, luckily, that hasn't happened to us recently, so hopefully, you won't happen in the near future. Okay, pal, go gators. All right, see ya. Hey, Karen here. Now, this was the most revealing thing that has ever happened to me in my life. I've been broadcasting for 600 years. And I'm sitting here, and I'm getting every day. I'm getting sabotaged over here. I'm getting a job. You saw it, you're a witness. I'm going to say, I hate this system. Get in there. The gunner, people's got us. This is the system. I'm going to tell you. I'd like to break the guy, damn thing. Now, I'm going to do a hand-goover right here on here and lose it. I'm going to do a hand-goover right here and just totally lose it. Because I've been sitting here for God damn ten months with a phone system that doesn't Fing work. I'm sitting here saying to myself, even for a crank to be calling it. I mean, I know if we got anybody listing something must be going on. I'll reach over here and I start personal and God damn buttons. Now, let me ask you this. What happened after I did that, that suddenly magically allowed the calls to start coming through, George? What happened? I just picked them up. It's still broken. So, in other words, they don't ring. They don't ring. There doesn't show up on here. Now, I could go and reset the system to see if that helps and it probably will. This, like, I'm going to tell you something. This guy upstairs wants to be a big shot. Like, I've told you before, Mr. wannabe, we could get a guy damn irrector set. We could get our own little goddamn teeny tiny transmitter and put it out here on a 441. At least the people on a 441 could hear the guy damn station in their cars, which they can't now. I could build a better goddamn studio with a guy with an irrector set with a play toy. Then this man is putting here for us. Ten months sitting here with a guy damn. And you remember in the beginning when the phones wouldn't drop off? We've had more f- and technical goddamn problems. And still got those big numbers. How do you like that? For all you sports nerds that can't stand issue, who are all listening right now. I'm going to reset it during the break. Everyone will. We ought to reset the whole guy damn radio station is what we ought to do. 27.2.10.2.8. This station stands for nothing. You ain't a talk show without a phone that works. How do you like that? We're kind of used to it, though, aren't we? At this point, yeah. So in other words, there were all these people calling. Every guy damn line had somebody out there at the random, but they weren't ringing because the little Greenlight don't come on in here. Like I'm lying to here. Oh, now the dial is in, but when it rings, it doesn't delight up as what you're saying to me. That's what I'm saying. Okay, so little bit of a nasty can. As usual, here on Stutt-Shod Radio, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm a Florida graduate. I got a little stuff to steal on that city. A lot of people are calling, I've trying to make this a glorified town about Gainesville and the first of Florida. Let's face it, the nickname for that town is Hawk Town. That's what it's known by the local government. Hawk Town. Yeah. And number two, the only thing that's ever been beneficial out of the University of Florida is this marijuana growing. It's got some of the best weed in America. Now we're talking. The drug culture is phenomenal. And I thought the buyer did up there for four years. It's got stone, got laid in, uh, with the class one. Like I said, just like Ann Arbor, it sounds like to me. With the great town, I'll never forget it. I lost a few Brain cells, but it was worth every dollar by death. So what's the obsession down here? I mean, this gator thing is it's bigger than the dolphins. It's bigger than all the other sports in this town put together. It's like a mental sickness down here. Well, seriously, if you go up there, you have to spend many time in Gainesville. It's like being under jailhouse arrest. Yeah. Nothing to do with the most boring town in the world. That's why everybody goes to the football games. If you're not getting high, you're going to football games. You're getting late. When you're pregnant about 85,000 people fill it up every game. You're playing the bum for you. It doesn't mean nothing. It means you're out there. And those people often do. They travel in like the last caller said. They travel from all over the state of Florida. There's the biggest boosters in the Florida. They're from Gainesville. We get the biggest booster club. But there's nothing going on in Gainesville. It's the pressing staff with that account. It's known as Hongtown. And any local will call you up and tell you that's the day. All right. Thank you, Neil. Okay, pal. Good day. George is not a way to see how good the weed is up there. We have it now. I already know how good it is. What do you mean? No, it does. Well, how does the weed is from Gainesville? I visited friends up there. And yeah, he's right. The place sucks. There's nothing to do there. But they get stone and get late and get late. So what's wrong with that? What's everybody pitching about? Sounds okay to me. Two open lines going on here. We ought to just play music today and teach these bastards a guy damn lesson. That's what we really ought to do. Stickers in here with a bunch of second rate crap. Top rated show in a goddamn market. Top billing. A top of the rate. And by the way, we ever get those numbers. No, from ten to two. Oh, no. I don't think we're going to at least not today. Why not? Tough is on vacation. And Greg will not be in today. Okay, okay. So here you go. I want you to follow this now. Follow the bouncing ball. Okay. The general manager Greg Reed with a pasty suit. He won't be in today at all. And the program director, you think I get a lot of vacations. This guy, when he's here he's on vacation number one. But now he's on another. What is this? It's the end of October. It's only his 18th week on vacation this year. Is that what the deal is? Oh, yeah. There you go. So if there's something wrong. Is there anybody? Oh, you know who's in charge? Oh, my God. And see, don't talk to us. That's right. The water not see. She's the one in charge. Maybe that's why it's taken him so long to get that. God damn parking lot fixed downstairs. You know, is that the repaving a parking lot? The inside for those of us big shots? That that's like a major. It's like a 10 year project down there now. By the way, when you go on vacation, can I borrow your clicker so I can park under the building like a hot shot? No. Next question. So this is fantastic. So let's just have a party here today. Okay, let's do our own thing. We got nobody running a place. It's on automatic pilot. That's funny. All right. That was great. Let's just call for this 15 minutes. Oh, what? And I wish, which buddy is that? That's the old guy. The old guy is that. Right. Over the death threats. Yeah. Everybody, the wife, the receptionist upstairs. Yeah. We'll get to him again. Have his number. Do you have his number? What is his number? The old guy, the calls are in keeps making death threats. And that wants to have his phone. We're not letting him report it. It's already been reported. It's already been reported. Real five. 948. 948. 3 914. 3 914. He's been called us for weeks. Some old crusty farter keeps calling her with death threats. And all kinds of obscenities. I'm not sure stuff. And maybe you want to keep him busy today. What is it again? 305. What? Pull in Boca, hello? Yes, sir. Something wrong with the phone. Yeah, I know. No, no. What happened before was when I was trying to reach the building, the building, the other sudden, when you went to the forest, the deer, then all of a sudden the calls started going through the cell. It was crazy. Yeah. I've been feeling for the last three or four months here. Somebody did like with his phone system. I mean, I can't prove it. But I have a very strong beliefs because I've been doing this two God damn long. Somebody's didlin with us. A couple of things. Last Friday night, I saw you there at the game. We got the worst ever. Yes, Friday was one of the all-time wars. Not the worst, but it was in it. Certainly in the worst five. Um, one of the worst, I'm performing. I mean, no one who has them. It was disgraceful. Absolutely disgraceful. Uh, nothing. And so then he goes and benches the two best players. Yeah, right. And so see, this is a guy when he came. Here Terry Murray, I don't want to get started again, but I will. He said, well, he's guys better perform because if they don't, they'll be sitting on the bench. And in the meantime, the guys that don't perform like Kirk Mueller and Needemar. They're in line up here. He got them night. And, you know, he wants to take it out in the guys who are best players, which makes no sense at all to anybody. How about the war elephant? It really pissed me off to watch. Remember when he dropped the gloves and died when the game was a best year. Well, who was the guy in number eight for? Not a year. But yeah, I mean, like. Was Murray telling him to go out and get something going just, you know, trying to fight the team because I don't know. But by the time he got rid of that fight, it was already for nothing. The game was on the other side. So it was totally meaningless. No, they see, they're not going to get sucked into his stupid guncraft because they know that the number one, he really can't fight. Number two, he can't play. And other than that, how can, why is he out there so much? You know, the two, when you got a team that can't score, why do you put iron hands or well out there all the time? I disagree with you a little bit. I really thought I saw some sort of see some skills in this guy. I can't play. I mean, I thought he had got his skated a little better in that exhibition game. But as far as being a real player, forget it, he's no player. It was really disgraceful watch. And I mean, his stick came in, possibly is absolutely disgraceful. Right. And all he did every time he took a lot of sheep shot. About that time, I was so damn frustrated, you know, it was for nothing. Which is when I left. But just to watch, you know, I had to try and engage somebody. It was really a disgraceful, and by the way, he's speaking a Donald Bercher, who used to play for the Canadians. He's been around league. And he's just identical. nobody gives a crap nobody says anything except me and that's why I'm gonna keep up him and I asked I got a question for it real quick you know real quick there's a topic in the pombie post today can a's betrayers middle from oral sex seriously yes they're saying you can't they're saying you can't and not right that I don't agree with that that's not what I've read all right good luck okay back to you okay we have uh... two open lines and day one and brought it if they're bringing we have no idea but let's uh... okay just checking because we don't have a phone system that works today and we got no uh... nobody run a joint today so we won't get those numbers that were looking for we won't get any assistance here because of our automatic pilot which means probably a lot of music coming up ten forty one and five c-a-m it's day by any time five six o w-q-a remember when you first got yeah i think we lost it okay we have an open line and brought it to and date our pho systems all screwed up here i'm not gonna worry about the phone okay you would do whatever you want with those assholes okay she waited all of that time we find a god oron she was on a virgin like getting into a bad cell like oj or whatever and then love a son she popped right out that was yet and there were anyway john grogan has a very interesting arbor d and a thing it's the organization it doesn't cost you anything to join we got bumper stickers we got placards we got uh uh all kinds of stuff buttons but we don't have to be organized because it's just common sense do no harm d and h but that's an interesting thing there and never if it brings back to mind a situation happened when the years ago and i think we broke the attendance record for the miracle and anywhere so i am signing autographs i'm doing a whole thing and then i walk in to see part of the game you know i walk around into the stadium and there's an old fart sitting up there with some other people and i look up and i hear a hearing say i mean one of those people is talking about you but make sure it's loud enough so that you can hear it or maybe his hearing aid wasn't working at the he's an atheist yeah the guy says oh there's neah all the guys said yeah but he's an atheist and he gave him a look like oh geez he's an atheist i mean i could have expected if he said oh he's a fact you know something like that but this far transcended any of that stuff and and and that was the first time it ever dawned on me that there's this enormous stigma of not being one of the god people even if you're a god person that's not good enough you have to be one of the the god people so god bless you Franks you're voting whoever to hell you are 80 years old he's from religious intolerant lunatics like the ones who killed the doctor in buffalo the other day oh yeah we believe we're pro life we don't believe in your life but we're pro life for those fetuses two weeks they bad stuff in till is a store account but it's actually not a bad little count and as far as I'm prepared to what it's compared to palahashi oh yeah i mean what could be worse than palahashi it's you know there's nothing that's going to compare to my enemy you know it's for his first in all of that but it's not a bad count as far as per versity yeah as far as per versity um tonight's game you got to be excited lineup thought those guys were all on team last year okay date county lines are open to make eggs right here on the thing i remember he could i could fry eggs right in the counter we got a phone system that doesn't work last night on the tv show which is the last time ever good i even mentioned it until it goes off next week the the beginning they got the sound finally straightened out no hump and then as the show went on the sound kept getting lower and lower in the hump came back we you know we went they wanted to support want to make sure you get your free home job on whammy there so i got a half as tv deal over there which they can't technically get that thing straightened out i got a situation here where we got a telephone system that has been crap since the day we sat down here and i was just totally following apart i'm going to reset the whole thing during this break and what's that going to do uh maybe nothing maybe something who knows don't you think it'd be a lot better if i just said here and read all my great articles and yeah that was a lot of stuff it never thought i'm not worried about the god damn i'm just warning you i've been telling you that we've been getting dicked on this phone from for a week now yes i mean i've been doing this too long i'm sorry but you saw that right there when we sat down and then all of a sudden as soon as i started talking about it and pushing the buttons up magically and miraculously all these people run alive i mean i'm not that paranoid that i would see her make it up because i know there's plenty of times in this town that you could say every word that's ever been invented four letter and five letter and two letter is an f u and nobody would call but uh this is just too god damn obvious and is there anybody a here in charge no anybody involved in any of this stuff it's straight now for us oh of course not they're all of this one's abocation again and this one is out to launch and this one's out of the building and uh who the hell knows who's in charge here maybe it's the water nancy oh 1050s one line for all you people that spend some time on the here we are as a home in a Mr. Getshin welcome to radio show i changed me out to pick up a couple of battles which he used them for as she wouldn't say just give me a couple of seashell sure that would be one bar a last a here you go and you're gonna miss your Getshin i gotta ask you a few questions i'm in kind of a hurry don't take long what's your address sky pad upon when were you born when he's 62 now do you follow or obey religious organizations that i pose as threat to the galactic better a she what kind of i'm shy mr. Getshin but i can't kill you these batteries until you answer my question okay no very good Mr. Getshin and now with what's your penis size what what's that got to go sorry mr. Getshin I'm not cool damn it I'll share how about just your social galaxy no i'll be here all dead sir the question mr. Getshin one trillion four billion radio clock we have questions and you damn well better have the answers and is this for that free catalog oh no you've got a pain for that and you came to the right place it's radio shlock out right it's 1101 at 560wm by the way it's full of stations joseph milion a poor black a bookkeeper in Haiti who reversed his fortunes to become the charismatic and revered leader of a delray beats church was convicted on Tuesday of sexually molesting a young member of his congregation of six member jerks how old are you gonna do it the jury found milion not guilty of charges that he laid a developing more involved sexual relationship with the girl milion who means with the pastor the full assembly of church of god and leader of its 200 member congregation faces as many as 12 years in prison dozens of members of the congregation crowded into the west pombies court romant to in the courtroom benches many of millions of supporters who can consider him something of a cultural guru wept openly after the verdict one woman collapsed in her husband's arms when pombies cuddly circuit judge how it's he bermin ordered milion back into customs and fondled him shortly after they arrived from Haiti two of the women say they later developed full sexual relations with milion but did not question because of a statue in the community some of the alleged abuse took place more than a decade ago so because of statutes of limitation he was fatally flawed because milion confessed to police that he is fondled the girl oh father that's good yeah we go again so at least this time it was with girls there you go that's a breath of fresh air a little bit of a change got to check out see if you're a virgin sweetheart let me just stick my probe in there and see what we find just probing for the truth here's pomp and obee chillo you know what this is go leave go yeah just wanted to comment on a couple of things first of all i go to games till every year not for a football game and i'll get back to that in a minute yeah those are beautiful towns really low rolling hills it's got a lot of Victorian homes that are just you know some of the hockey transcends all of this other crap as far as i'm concerned okay when i first came down here 22 years ago i used to go out on my balcony at two in Dan Kelly on KMOS right who was like it here a hockey game and channel two with televised the game when they were fundraising and they did more fundraising that it did televised in the game now here's a bombshell the number one event in the city of game mill every year is not a football game it's the gator national drag races held in March it brings in warm on me oh my god oh the gator football games combined they had a great games in marching gamesville every year in March yeah they're dragging it yep and the race and two and it like i said brings in warm on and all the football games combined yeah about that so in other words it's a great place absolutely yes compared to here but then what isn't real houses now yeah real houses not all this concrete talk and stuff all houses actually look like houses ain't no Toronto the while you're in t of that oh it ain't no Toronto but it's a nice town that a good one okay and god bless you sir and go leave sco okay there you go get in a few reports on games i i'm gonna tell you i said here that first one of your 25 minutes would seem like an eternity to me and i realized we've gone through a rough what is it about the last six months on this radio station but i mean this was just unbelievable just incredible and it was like that skit on sctv where the guys sitting there doing a show and he's day the can't make the phone ring for a lot of money and finally after we start screaming and swearing and carrying on and let's kill all your children and the phone finally rings and up wrong number and that's what i felt like here this morning because we're being dict here with a god damn bunch of cheap crap that they got at the Woolworth somewhere at radio shlock and we're trying to make magic here but these people and is there anybody here who like as any interest in this floor well i just all conveniently happen to be out again here today get that automatic pilots which go on because there ain't nobody here running the ship oh yeah just the water not see here's a mobile informyer is hello yes sir hello i'm here yes sir really here though very briefly very briefly yes today apparently i'm not suggesting one of these Colombian hockey fans called it oh yeah okay have a nice day pal this guy wants to call every single day and tell me about his death see we don't play that game here sir we got just like the guy to call me yesterday he wanted to pick up where he was the day before and repeat the same whole conversation again about the pot and whatever we were talking about we don't play that game here sir i realize you're kind of desperate over there in Fort Myers just kissed the ground that you got to show on the early stepper early but we're not going to have a running repartate this is now his third attempt to call in here and yeah and unload his hostility and psychosis about Colombian i hate to break the news do you sir i hope this doesn't burst your bubble i like Colombian okay i'm not too big on the median cartel but anybody outside of that which i think there might be 10 people on the country you aren't having joined yet other than that i like Colombians okay so you yahu's over there in Fort Myers that realize that not everybody who's listening in fact most people listen to the show don't fall on a category but if you have spilled over who think that you can use this radio show to spew your generalized hatred and venom forget it go get your sheets out have a great time this weekend at the rally and leave us alone over here okay and just kissed the ground that you're over there in Fort Myers otherwise the Colombians would come and guide them put your ass out of town on a rail that's right what a bunch of horsecraft that is air every day this guy's feels that compelled to call it like he's gonna have a running debate i'll tell you what old buddy why not come on down here you give us a date you give us a date at high noon and we'll get a whole bunch of our Colombian friends to meet you down here and we'll have a seminar at the holiday in and you can stand there and look him right in the post face to face and you can tell him that there are a bunch of subhuman no good even scumbag or whatever to have you said and then see what the responses okay and maybe you might learn something maybe you might be able to iron out your differences oh eight minutes after eleven at five six eight holy macadam this is double on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority you'll got five sixy wcm here's an interesting facts which I think may have some truth in it it it says your phone lines remain in trouble so I resorted to the facts the interest with the Florida Gators is nothing but the contrived controversy the morning team comes up with the stimulate calls and since we have a great number of overgrown children running around with their college banners stuck to their asses those are the colors they get on the line and effort I guess to impress the audience with the popularity of the show ten question marks and it goes on to say I'm not a hockey expert by any stretch of the imagination but what the new coach of the panthers is done with Mr. Whitney is not only unacceptable but tedious repetition of the crappy product we've been given last year the more things change the more they stay the same okay excellent job sir excellent observation and right on all counts and again I don't want to deal with anybody else's show but I can only speak as somebody who's like a captive audience here last twenty minutes of that show when I'm getting ready to do this show if we ever get the equipment working and that is that hearing all these gator people calling in here at Goddam tape of that radio station up there over and over again is uh pondress at best now am I the only a Georgian higher we the only two people in this state in this town who don't care about the gators we've got to be we're out of step mister you better get with it I don't give a flying crap about the gators about the sim or also about the hurricanes or about the Spartans to be honest with you I saw a little bit of their pathetic performance against Minnesota Saturday what they want to blow into the game in last minute and a half Minnesota score ten points and we want to blow in a game and I'm used to it did it did it change my life no that's me of a colleague head this morning I'm coming to work and some kid calls he's reading a prepared speech about the dolphins congratulating them on their win on Sunday and about a beat and then he talks about the buffalo he's reading it he's got a written out long hand and he talks about all the sleepless nights we've had in the past over on Ray Reed and uh this one in Bruce Smith and I'm thinking of myself I know it's been a great rivalry for a long time until the bills portions turn south but I mean is there anybody in this town that had sleepless nights about the dolphins playing the buffalo bills oh did you ever have any sleepless nights oh unless maybe you're making a big bet I can understand having sleepless nights if you're making you know a compulsive gambler like default for some of the other people we got on this station but a sleepless night and this was some kid why don't think is making any bets on again not yet sleepless nights over Bruce Smith and Andre Reed and the Jim Kelly who's long gone and all those other Graham wow and Thurmond Thomas here's my Emmy hello Neil yes sir I'll go all day yes no all day well this is morning yeah I went to games a last week and I went to school every five and a half years yes sir and you have some horror people calling then there's kind of missing the point behind games though okay what is the point behind games will I spent five and a half years there I still go a couple times a year it's because of the drug team you yeah can't beat that gator me what's not in different any other city or town there's a lot of hillbilly to lot of money to go there well I don't these people are calling it on the morning show why don't they admit then instead of talking about Steve Sparish parts is on a team and who's gonna catch the most passes news got the biggest lineman and all this other tedious crap why don't they talk about the good stuff well maybe they wait forty Neil they would need to discover vibrant gamesville man maybe these bad guys might get alive and they have the all the best all night race club in the country in gamesville yeah good news there's our first on his call of the year and it's already the end of October we have an open line in Broward date cutting by because the phone is still all screwed up and will be one I keep checking them nothing yeah okay well I don't want to say those are the deadlines because some of that's another thing with this system some of them coming on those last three lines who knows where the phones are coming in here I'm sitting here screaming and carrying on like a maniac and the phone systems a piece of crap anyway so what's the point five six seven oh five still just keep you know going up and down just keep punching it and the phone lines too and see if there's anybody button button who's got the button baby this is unbelievable I've done talk shows under bizarre circumstances before in my life but never in my life with one where we're playing hide and seek today with a phone just beautiful nice gone Greg here's a mobile in Marguid hello yes sir I really briefly I want to just say I agree with everything you say about religion speaking tongues rebel hold of that wicked snake like they do on Kenneth frequency and twist it in the Yankee and mistake too five six seven oh five sixty I have no idea what we got what we don't have because I do know what we do have and that's a crappy phone system that's been crappy since the day we say who makes this thing get ner whoever to help get ner is I wish you have like a bad bowel movement okay I hope you wind up with a bruised goddamn like I had there for a few days not only does their phone system some yeah they're call screening software sucks because it's designed by someone who never produced show yeah and when you try to talk to them about it they don't want to hear from it yeah we tried to get some modification but I bet you sure was cheap compared to what we used on our own radio station question you know you can knock I O.D. all you want but I'll tell you one thing okay and we had some stuff over there like those old car machines you know we had some stuff that wasn't maybe the best but generally speaking may tween over there and then even uh what's his name bro a pexon who was a hard ass but nevertheless they spent just untold amounts of money to bring in the best god name equipment the most did the art stuff that money could buy unfortunately just like over there at whammy they had a bunch of engineers who didn't know how to make it work right with their digital stuff at the TV station but nevertheless they spared no expense and bringing us in the state of the art to try at least to give us the opportunity to compete the beer real god damn radio station on A.M. which ain't easy baby but this joint over here and I'm gonna tell you you're measly people over there in Naples you're at a disgrace you're not broadcast there's your slot misters slot misters if this audience could have seen what we went through those last days that he's never before we finally got on here coming in here today after day after day and being told well this part and the stuff was coming in here piecemeal because we sure weren't gonna expand that money to buy new stuff were we oh no we had to get the computer over here the DCS that plays all of those neat stuff like like that we had to get this from Philadelphia from on so they're other a bum for station up there and it came in pieces one carton one day another carton and of course for George Corso's working 24 hours that they tried to put it together with Scotch tape and then of course this this beat up old cart deck that they probably kicked out of one of those maybe even the four mires stations that here we don't want this thing in a building anymore that also came in a box like I said this was like a tinker toy studio a tinker toy radio station or sitting here we're like a 10 or 11 year in man in this market on a make believe god damn radio station getting postcard saying hey Greg read getting the allow if we want sports on a year 24 hours a day how do you like that so you can go back to your two shares or maybe your one shares like when he had when Christine was on her in a midday and even when I was off the air for seven months today still have a number here in midday no they did not so just so we can satisfy some of these overgrown children and like I said you listen to the conversation you try to talk about any sport in this town there are no people in this town who can discuss sports intelligently maybe like one percent of the people here and then most of those are people who are fans of other teams because their sure is all not from here steve yzer man that guy yesterday at wiser guy yesterday with steve yzer man yeah another hockey expert but college football now we're talking baby because they got and we found out why they got to go to weed up their in gainesville at least we finally had somebody who's straighted out for us only took us an hour 20 minutes we finally got to the bottom of it get the seeds out of it here's for my or is hello hey Neil yes sir you come about these leads they got all the money down there navel and they say remodel 770 over here you did they really yeah so he's best about the time that you came on yeah so they probably hope the signal is loud and clear over there and then everybody over in a west coast here's me saying that the beesleys are cheap bunch of bastards who look like they came out of a demsea dumpster what they look like they're giving up good talk radio over here and uh they're putting on another shock joc in the morning uh with old Joe and uh so we'll see what happens here I wanted to talk to you about gainesville yeah um what do you want to know about it anything you want to tell me pal I've never been there well I want to find out what the bigger traction besides all of you guys get laid twice today and the gooey is good but other than that well it's right uh about the wind when you go across pain's period it turns blue over there all right and and uh since the million uh was really good they got the homegrown yeah you know with the little with the little red uh hairs coming out of it yeah my little red hairs coming out of it yeah i'm going to get a two McHairs coming out of it yeah yeah we believe you i know you got to watch your ass in four hours you always stand always was good when there was there but it's a night town it's uh they got hills yeah well I got a lot of big open spaces to grow all that good stuff out and that's a good part we don't have that down here well you go towards wild those you know outside of town up towards stark yeah by by uh by raper yeah right for you know and uh so you got some real country out there yeah good thing that the gainfields close to start so that when they take most of those gate or criminals about players away they can you know i have part of go is that what's been happening oh that yeah we don't really know talk too much about it you know but they take a lot of those big guys away middle of the night well um i i wish it uh we can get some good talk radio over here i i i'd rather just have no mojo yeah and uh and leave gain Roberts on here but i don't know beastly don't want to listen yeah well we keep saying that our morning sure here too no mojo but they won't listen it was okay pal have a great day and hide the good stuff because there's a little lock at your door right now okay we have an open line in proud and a couple in date maybe maybe not five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the 18t wireless line we got the old broken down bees like crap here today maybe the best crap I'm running can buy because believe me no matter which weather it's Bruce Beesley or that the guys their middle name is make no mistake about that that's what they specialize in 24 hours a day around the clock because last time is real cheap you can get it by the pound right in your backyard 25 i was so mellow was just it was frightening and then i went through that first 20 minutes here of screaming and carrying on a wondering if i was losing my mind and not seeing one light on the board light up and then can you imagine what would happen if i wouldn't have gone up and down the thing there and checked those lines? I'd be in a goddamn rubber room by now i'd be in a goddamn straight jacket in a rubber room and my good friend Larry mixed it over there at bell south southern belt whatever you're calling yourself this week how many years have I gone through this with you mister with your crappy phone operation in your phone system and sending the tones down here and your goddamn lineman who are playing games in the fast and loose with whatever's going on here in terms of this makefully phone system you're not fooling me Larry this horse crap has been going on for 150 years with me here 25 after 11 at five clock the books through it six we got the panthers and the detour red wing seven to talk three games seven scoped those tickets panther pack five hundred of those and five hundred more let's pack that place tonight and if Terry Murray did all's around the way i think he's going to do the around that will start pulling his ass behind you Terry i'm just a few rows behind you Terry get a plane Terry that's right i'm going to have all Larry and Jyd is tomorrow morning six seven oh five sixty let me get him let me try him five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen te wireless line we're operating with what we can play call or no call call call or no call that's good reconciliation life that no call on one no call on two no call on three I'm pretty no call on three okay there you go well it's a 50 50 chances like flipping your thing flip it flip in your loin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen te wireless line in date counting maybe we think and if you call and it rings the rings a too bad here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello yes sir we took it about who's Smith for meaning what i don't know i mean you took it all and open up your ears okay this guy's call me what was i talking about on four because he's an asshole pal just like you are he's a big fat asshole from buffalo where were he's from open line at Broward at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen te line at all three and date I think hello QAM hello yes sir where is screening what is it where is screening what do you mean why i'm my screening yeah was this one little Julio's what about little boyfriends yeah blow it out your ass that's what we got why aren't we screening he wants to know oh he's operating his own little show over there in his house and of course he had to run his boyfriend is there panting on the bed in his guy you know how you had a little put the instrument down or run to the phone put out the u-kidden's sweetheart Julio tell you what thing he ain't no Colombian five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the only eighteen te wireless line here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello no yes sir are you material and you sound like the very steel they're very what steel you need the new material the why are you listening i'm on it to you oh you another one at monitors it's the same asshole from boca again who pretends to be in for a lot of the over and over and over again he's monitoring he not only is monitoring because he hates me in his show but he's also about least one he's my has the monitor he'd like to hear some fresh new material is what he says okay one call after the board here mobile in dear field beach and i would go to the music like i said hello hey Neil what's going on not too much fell another nightmare is day for a beat the music read broadcasting i'll tell you these phones are really screwed up i was calling for low grip it's but i guess i got you yeah i believe it's a second line i went to a u-f about five and a half years yeah i can give you the real stupid okay well first off let me let's get to the point of what you really want to know make your life enjoyable in games what you might want to go there for the gay population there is thrive really yeah yeah lots of bags and gamesville but you know i mean it's real liberal town there's no bags in the gamesville um but uh into summer though it's not that's really hard with you yeah big overgrown hick town that's all it is you know but uh it's a great town i mean i was there like a different five and a half years although it's fine yeah if i would have had to do it all over again i would want to have this you and the only reason that is uh you know if you're a swinging Richard uh i mean there are too many swinging Richardson gamesville all right i'm doing it that way oh yeah i mean if you're a hot girl in games you got it me you know i mean so anyway but truly yeah okay glad and a great time pal bottoms up okay there's the load on it's just a party place where people get drunk they get laid they got the good weed they got green stuff blue stuff yellow stuff stuff of under turman origin and that's it and all these assholes calling on a morning show talking about the bigsfarts is gonna go out and catch the past nobody cares about that so we got quick put on an act okay we cleaned the board out thank god five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line lots of response to that john grogan column that i read the stalls were many glory holes really filled with concrete yeah on the sign on the wall by the pollution county people up there there's rolling up holes in on these premises is unlawful and violators will be prosecuted yes they don't like those glory up there Neil yeah in fact last time i was up there there was a big sign it said you're looking for the glory hole yeah well they're looking for them that didn't yield okay thanks for the good news that's what they're doing up there in paloia county baby that's right there's the goat got tired he got wore out two open lines a day five six seven so if you're a blacker Hispanic my suggestion is to you you probably should be in florida in the first place unless you're like in date county but nevertheless because they'll come and get your ass but don't be driving through a valucia county especially if you got more than fifty cents if you got some spare change and don't be feeling a change either don't be reaching your pocket feeling a change we're going straight to god damn jail also don't have a date county tag oh god dead give away here's uh mobile in bokeh hello yes sir are you doing not columnian down here in south florida a Colombian yes sir holy crap i'll tell you what i heard a gentleman two three days ago you played a skid saying that we were most despicable people on earth he was in it it's the same guy that called the twenty minutes ago try to get on again to say the same crap from the fire i'm sure he's not a gentleman he's an asshole right yeah i'm sure he's never been to our country and if he was and you ever did go i'm sure he claimed he claimed he spent ten years there probably behind bars yeah probably but you know what the drug trade we most people there don't use it it's the man here in the United States that people you know they want it the we supply the work of the fact and not a pricey business for girl there he go or even one that you're going the old that's all i have right now okay pal i was to keep it with us okay we have an open line in brown two and damn except i'm gonna get that panther song out again today but you want to hear that no ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha i'm gonna spend a couple more hours on Terry Murray man not no what just happened there what was that i just i looked up to the side you're for like a half a second half a second i just counted my actual count that was them just hanging out all of the same time two of them everybody at the same time is that would you just tell me there's nobody in jade there has not been here's a mobile and call spring sell all our last call of the year hello oh i hope i'm a good laptop better be take all the time you want pal thank you appreciate it now every day here is another day from hell in this place you can't just come in here to a god damn regular radio show every day and here's another major song in a dance i feel your pain believe me with the red wings being in town i think there should be one lesson to the great people of south florida and that is that the way that the red wings become yeah that's right you know the day you made that deal and brought in bob essence of the human siv to play ghoul they said hey i'm buying by the way get out of here you're gone you're out that's right and that uh you see they went figure it out here because first of all you've got a problem is you have an owner of the team all he's gonna do in the mean totem game he doesn't have a good idea everything and if you have an effective fans here to give a crap i mean uh you don't let me sit here in ranton rave and make up a bunch of no VM buttons and jump on the bad wagon for that but there's no uh concern there's no interest they don't even know who else play in anymore correct and there's an absolute fact in show i got my maple leaf stuff on i'm dull there you go okay and they beat your ass twice okay we have an open line did well you know may ring and may not ring we might pick it up we might not but it's like telephone related okay five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line what a deal and by the way don't forget the this Saturday noon to two i keep forgetting all about these we have here just a little bit over and above and beyond if you want to and also even a recon suds they got a few of those and also the old the best in yield stuff from two can order right there on the internet and the roger is to be advantageery is never too long to have a tour hello yes sir last night channel 51 showed the exorcist in Espanol all right and it was a who I remember the few of the scene where father Marin and father Cara's first go in talk to uh Reagan yeah and he's uh he starts screaming at everything Adam he's caught in the fan sure well he was multi-lingual multi-con multi-con right he's got a father in mind he's right and the also uh the power lots of mama's going on in air the power of Christ compels you yeah and it's Panyol it's L4 that D3 so he's a oh great there you go one you do me exactly there you go thank them okay have a great day pal they the spirit of Christ compel you to do something good we have an open line in uh bro or be well let's just check that out okay line one there you go dial turn on one don't tell TTC we have to keep checking these out because they don't ring and they don't light up and they don't do anything and our phone system is totally broken up at least one good thing the people in data consistent we don't have to check those too much because they're not ringing anyway let's try a crawl springs hello crawl springs yeah and the all you're doing this drug got the dentic he's out of control you know stuff for and uh little more to that airport stuff and you're allowing your listeners to hear then I'm allowing them to hear what does that mean oh this is what you know the killer of a few local kids thought for and now it's cheaper than it's been it's been spending about 25 years it's more drugs coming through here when they're doing those prep oh wait wait wait wait wait but your stubborn was in Houston Texas February 27 1991 it's got the name of the individual it's got the name of the judge who made the ruling on it it's got all the details it is true people are having your any time you're in their natural outflarts they have a right to search for no matter what and you know that's part of the obligation of flying and and they have a right to take any money you have on you and tell you that you're a drug dealer and not even give you a receipt they they do give you a seat that they didn't have to be close and the dating give her a seat there's a reason for that wait wait what was the reason bacer probably because they've identified that person as a drug class but her he has to you know old people money they don't give her a seat sir let me see you did you you just want to make a lot of noise or did you hear the article I read I spend you know a couple of minutes waiting it's I do hear the thing and you know what you know sometimes I got to respect your honesty but sometimes you just only cover half of half of the issue and what I like to do is I like to perform a little bit if they need to give him a more peace it's obvious that they wanted him to go through and he had the actor to come by because the worst drug money sir let me say it to you again there were no drugs found they didn't even arrest him okay but they kept the money let me say it again they kept the money when the officer he asked him for a receipt they handed him a receipt for an undetermined amount of US currency not even an amount of money it took him two years to go to court and get his money back there were no drugs there was no arrest and there was no conviction and you can keep saying you're on the on the yield 50,000 times this goes on all the time you're an intelligent guy first of all he's been powerful from the curing $9,000 would be narcotics on them number two you know it was if it was impossible for what in the curing $9,000 were the narcotics so where was it you know that isn't the way they transport where was the narcotics so where was the narcotics you either delivered it was on his way to pick it up oh so in other words you so in other words you we have psychic DEA people now we know this for a fact that if I get on a plane that I'm flying home from you didn't hear the click no I didn't because I was talking to love thank God he hung up because he's got no balls and he's another one of those lion pieces of craptured of porchers is what he is another porcher pulled a fan anything that the law enforcement people doing his country and you know that was only one page I read out of this book there are hundreds of pages telling about similar stories and worse hope but we just made it up you know you're a bright guy but you're only telling half of the story I'm telling you the whole goddamn story sir the DEA ought to be disbanded today they ought to disband the whole goddamn DEA because all this is a big gigantic waste of taxpayer time and money and they use the news media oh we made this big bus today we did yeah what we do you're really doing a hell of a job hassle in the hell out of people and especially minorities because we know that any minority members got a lot of cash on him he is a drug dealer don't ask any questions don't get more receipt just bus to his ass bus to his chops hassle a hell out of him just like blacks in his panics driving through Valusia County which we know there's no red necks no bigots up there just like that guy over there in Fort Myers and the Colombians are the worst I mean how in God's name can anybody get on the air can you go anywhere and make the in makes statements like that the fill in the blank the biggest scumbags the worst bunch of direct the worst whatever so thank god we don't live in the deep south with a bunch of bigots four minutes till nothing I said and was so cowardly that he just hung up and disappeared again this is from the book lost rights James Beauvard the destructive american liberty which you all damn well ought to be reading once upon a time pal we all have to go step and see your wife because you want to still live in a goddamn police state and some of us just are going to be quite obedient enough to satisfy you here's plantation hello hello yes sir Monday I was listening to you talk to the box of books something about God and you said you can't find it I went out the web I couldn't find it where do you find this book a book about john you mean you're well through all the gotter well yeah after buy it from Canada what is it what can it be like that here because this is a repressed conservative country so that's why I can't be like that because we got a bunch of sanctum on your hypocrites that's why yeah like these is a servant okay I'd be at a good time so we have an open line of day five six seven five sixty five sixty on a mobile one line here's point and be chill out I know yes sir I know I'm a young bullio and very interested in your topic I a couple years ago I had gone through the DEA system people they've lost the more I can't believe your phone line doesn't lit up they are now they are after that asshole called they all lit up like I'm happy to be sure that guy that guy has no clue he's he's putting his plane with people's life and he's got no proof on nothing and I mean I want I'm sitting here reading him right from this book which I'm sure this guy didn't you know he researched this book very well he didn't just make this stuff up he's got names and dates and the judges name and I'm reading them and it's well you know he must have had you know he didn't have it on him he didn't have you know you know we as we presume that you're guilty because you've got cash there you go you can can you imagine I was just saying the George's in a break can you imagine getting off a plane in Vegas and having to DEA guys there with dogs nothing dogs checking to see if you have a lot of cash on you yeah well I'm sure Vegas wouldn't have anything to do with that put up with that for five seconds man they'd have those DEA people would be sleeping with the fishes they know who they're messing with and Vegas but Vegas you know you're wonderfully have a great show and I have a different outlook the life because you give me a lot of aspirations and meals got go see the reason it's so great there is because it's not a police day don't all harm let people live that's all we have all these self-fulfilling prophecies here in this country the more drug enforcement organizations we got the more people more drug artists we have to keep them in business the more things that you make illegal the more agencies you have to have the more billions of dollars you got to spend instead of taking care of things that really need to be taken care of all these billions of dollars were wasted on his horsecraft and we got people starving that and freezing the death in the winter time on the streets of this country and we're spending billions of dollars to fight the wicked weed because these people like we've said all this last couple of weeks that we've been talking about this it's a big goddamn bureaucratic nightmare is what it is and they have to keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger and more and more money because they have to justify their existence drugs sniffing dogs baby because you might have a joint on your ass I don't like that anybody ever rejoin you're there it's a abonance past noon it's who turns out to be a wacko and full of crap from some scumbag we're just going to come in and see your property we're not even going to take the trouble looking see if it's uh for real or we're just going to come in do whatever it'll be want and then you can go to court and spend all your hard earned money and work to get your property back maybe if you're lucky and let me see and only because the Pittsburgh newspaper exposed the uh the fiasco the scandal they finally said okay well you can have your property back but you got a sign off into the green out to ever sue us new yes sir you know I'm a I'm a consummate girl I hit calling from Kate Coral I'm a morning show from 8 to 10 my whole tells me I thought too much and I'm good okay we don't want chronic colors okay he's the consummate and so in the same set I'm a consummate color little bells and buzzers we're going off in my head we don't do chronic colors over here okay sir just listen because you obviously have nothing to say he's the consummate color chronic is what the word is sir chronic pain in the ass we don't need you we don't want you go the hell away but out of shape we heard his feelings I feel really really okay we apologize Denise here oh yes sir yeah call up about that uh having money on you yes I was at call the one I had I hit a race to $7000 dollar drug dealer no yeah and it's a carry God you know they got that five percent guys up there right so they took me and these is this five percent guy down that's right I think took me in security off and what happened what they were trying to do and they were trying to say that this guy's sign my ticket but he contact don't even know the guy I got at $7000 my pocket I just used to say that they paid you in cash well yeah you know when you hit a big trifecta yeah they usually write you a check they don't give you a chance yeah sure they do so what do you want you were you were cheating the government for Christics this guy's called me in complaining like the five percent of it you got to do that for you you got to know where to go and who to see man well fat rates will turn down who to see we have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixteen oh what he's talking about is that when they take the money off instead of your 30 percent or whatever or 20 percent that they take off the top of the government here's a guy trying to cheat the goddamn government trace that call by the way leave the poor old fart alone here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes your time long time alright not chronic well you took the words out of my mouth before the break and that's that color after the break but you know I'd like to say that you know you're right this is a jack booted police state and and you know like you said these these guys are just you know they're taking our money they're taking our property and people need to protect their assets you know I want to know what the book I heard lost rice but I didn't get the author Jane that legislature and in the executive branch which is a violation of the Constitution separation of powers but people don't even realize that because they're not even taught civic and school anymore yeah it's ridiculous anyway I love you buddy okay pal all right have a great day we have an open line and date one and if you want to be in America don't walk around with a lot of cash on you okay that's the message and the darker your complexion is the less cash you ought to be carrying around because we know there's those farts is out there that I have more than like 10 bucks right when you say that's about right let's pick a number if you're black in fact if you're real real dark black and you got more than like uh two three dollars on well let's see now how much is it five dollars for the vaguency law what's the vaguency law George how little do you have to have on you and they can rest you for a very good five bucks I think I don't know it has not changed all that it was under twenty no no under twenty bucks how to how did I ever make it through those years of KAT don't you remember my story about how the day that was on a Sunday and my bank card wasn't working that day and I was broke and I wanted to go have lunch over there on an olden road what the wasn't even at place whatever it was and I had no cash and I put my card to machine and would work I thought she's I'm gonna be fat as you I'm kippered to the idea even though it and I'm walking across the street and I look on the by the curb and there's like six dollar bills sitting there on the ground of course that's back in seventy six or six dollars in seventy six bought me a nice meal in a big banana split yeah and I said all right there you go it's America they've paved the streets with money we have an open line a day one help deez for the lives pop in Florida you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you whatever. There's a good guy right there. There's a few of them out there. Not too many, but we got a couple of good people in this town. That guy, it's about it. Candidate, I had an affair fathered son says this candidate in Jacksonville Republican congressional candidate Bill Randall, who was seeking to unseat and incumbent Democrat by running a campaign based on ethics and family values. I'd he liked that. Said Wednesday that he fathered a son while separated from his wife. I'm bringing forward this information. I wish to stress that this private family matter has no place in a political campaign. Said Randall, who's 18 year old son, Nicholas Omar Randall lives in Atlanta. I've always acknowledged my son and I'm listed on the birth certificate as the father said Randall 53, who said he is paid child support. After initially refusing child support, his mother first asked for financial help in 1992. Randall said a news conference in which he was joined by his wife Mary daughter. She led in two grandchildren. The affair first reported Sunday in the news journal of Daytona beat took place in 1980 while he was separated. But he's running on family and ethical values. Another good right wing asshole, hypocritical, a psychimonious piece of crap. What do you think of that guy? He's an asshole. All right. Here's my me like, cello. Yes. It was going on Neil. All right. Yeah. I got a spider port for you. Yeah. Half by highly or maybe lakes and solve free school buses and yes to black women and one Julio looking. Oh, hey. Hey, I'm going to. That was the Julio male or female. I'm sorry. Julio was a female. No, that was a male. A male. Yes, sure. No, no, no. But kind of going by a little too quick. Okay. I'm going to the game tomorrow. You guys are man. Yeah. Um, I'm really excited about going to the game because I haven't been to the new arena. You see in the food core, yes, sir. All right. Sergio, you're a taco, bend in coconut, eat and do stay. Okay. I'll see tomorrow. Okay. Well, I'll hang out there in the food court. Okay. And we'll sit there and roll a whole court and belly aching. Bit you about this and scream about that. Well, hang Terry Murray and F.A.G. We'll have little voodoo dolls. We have an open line. But, if you have a lot like they got those big high ceilings in there out in the hallway. Yeah. I got news for Terry Murray. This ain't washing. Okay. This ain't Philadelphia. Maybe it is for what I'll feed you. Didn't lie. They're too long. Bench in the best players on the team and then bring and re-witney back and stick it them on a goddamn fourth line. Oh, my God. Just absolutely unbelievable. We don't know where our next goal is coming from on a team of about the only thing that this organization does know is a lot of splits in his early. That's about the limit of our understanding. One, two, eight. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Boy, Dick. Hey, look at the rules. There's nothing like a little cowboy, Dick. I scrapped. I want something. I've got a craving. Yeah. Well, how about some cowboy Dick? Oh, the cowgirls love my cowboy, Dick. Oh, and I should know, because I'm cowboy, Dick. I like my cowboy, Dick, with some nuts. No problem, partner, introduce in cowboy, Dick. We're not so big. You can hardly wrap your lip around them. My onions love cowboy, Dick. Oh, man, I'm feel your posse with my cowboy, Dick. Oh, cowboy, Dick. Yeah, try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy, Dick. She's smiling. She's smiling. I feel your mouth with my cowboy, Dick. A valuable new grocery freezer. What you had your first cowboy, Dick, you won't ever go back. When you feel with cowboy, Dick, you'll scream. Speaking of cowboys in a ranch in the ambiance of that whole thing, you know what it really is, don't you? That's a game club you moron. We have an open line of day one in Broward. Stop and think about it. 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They'll take showers together too, just like football players and other athletes. Here's Miami. Hello. And Neil. Yes, sir. Next time the old little guy calls the bus driver, counter. Yeah. I've got a couple new categories for him to start counting. Okay. Jamaican, striving 15-year-old Corolla. Brown in color. Right. Little brown coops. 19-year-old Julio's driving transams. Uh-huh. Or Dennis Corvette. And about Jews refusing to tip more than 10% of wolfies. And Prince Canadians, anywhere. Okay. God bless you, sir. Whatever you said. We have an open line in Broward to a day, 560, 780. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This has been a show of fits and starts today. I've been having the fits and they've been, you know, they're kind of here. They're gone. They're not too sure. They're on the side. While we got a half hour to go, Hank will be along at 2 o'clock from this sporting bruise. And then we got the booster from 6 to 10 tonight. And then we got Eddie Kaplan with our gambling show at 10 o'clock tonight. And then we come back to Maristar all over again on a worse team. With Galdi. Oh, that's right. And of course tomorrow is Game Day. So Galdi would be really suck at heavy duty. Make all kinds of excuses for the organization. Little Quizling suck hole man. Every time I think of him. You know, I see John Glenn and I hear, that song goes off in my head. And I hear Galdi's voice and I think little Quizling suck hole. Who happens to be on the payroll? We understand, we understand the abnormal credibility. So why not dummy up? In fact, let me, let me stop and point this out to you. Okay. Galdi is on Wayne's payroll and Wayne owns the panthers, the Marlins and the Dolphins. What? The only sport in town at Galdi should be allowed to talk about since he might have some credibility, not on a payroll is the heat. Right? And since the heat aren't playing now and either is anybody else in the NBA? What can Galdi say is the main thing? He's saying, no, there you go. I got to solve that problem. Here's Pember Pine. Hello. New God. Yes sir. Hey, I got a board Saturday and I was watching at the hurricane game. And you know, I would like to put it. You know, I'm glad I pulled it out, but you'd like to have the puller? And that too. Yeah. Hi, guys. Hey, Bob. And they do. But Dave, did you hear it? Oh, let me say I ordered a pizza like seven o'clock and I feel okay. Let me go pick it up seven 15. I'm getting my car. Right. It's like a minute 30 to go with. The whole thing goes down. When he first of all, whoever says they're going to get the PAT. What is that? I mean, he, and then they'll find me to the conference. They're doing two and two and then they'll get the gall seams. I mean, man, I mean, I know he used to fart a lot when he was up there. Yes, he did a lot. I thought he got it out of a system, but I don't think not. They need to bring back Sunni Archer, whoever, Sunni, oh, I got Sunni Fox fire board. Yeah. I went to the haunted house. Yeah. I like to loosen the yellow bars because he says the word as well. He was candid out little stickers for kids at a haunted house Saturday night. Yeah, so I mean, that's the best thing to do on a Saturday night. Hi, I'm Sunni Fox. I listen to the Elijah's because I could hear the word asshole. Hey, listen, that's uh, that's good to hear that he, they're keeping him busy anyway. And I'm saying, Sunni. Yeah. There you go. They got enough other problems over there on at the on their FM's, huh? Yeah, that's right. I was A&P people here in this measly grid organization. We'll show them how to bunch of upstanding people. We are as opposed to some problems they got over there on the FM's. Oh boy. Woo! I don't want to say power in particular, but I'll say it anyway. We have an open line. I was squeak straight in it. I don't see never did kid career. They had like one of those, you know, agreements. Here's a mobile ride, hello. Hey, Neil. We have an arrangement. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. First the comment and then a fire report. Yeah. I, you guys are talking about sportscasters. I think Dave will Brian is great. He's good. He's very good. I wouldn't say great, but he's very good. He's no kid. We're him and manager are definitely the best two here locally. I'm not too fond of a Jo Angel, but Dave will Brian does a great job. But I'm not too fond of Bill Jinner's in for it. Does that all in games? You know, I'm not by any way. I was at the game this, the game against Vancouver. You went into the rest room. He's about the radio broadcast. I don't have any pain in the attention. Okay. I go into the bathroom. They go to a commercial break. Yeah. And during the commercial break, you can hear Goldie and the, and the, the board off talking back and forth to each other. Really? Over the commercial. And the stop is asking Goldie, is there a lot of ash in Boston for him to get when he goes up there? And the people in the bathroom are staring like, what the hell is going on? At least it's under 10, which is better and listening to that moron is doing a game. Unbelievable. And in closing. In fact, you know, something you just gave me an idea. I'm just going to have the theorem tomorrow night. But I didn't listen all of the time. The scenes crap instead of here that moron. In closing. Yes. You don't come to Florida and talk to a man like Neil Rogers like that moron. Okay. Thank you. All right. Oh, Jesus. All of a sudden, it's one eye. I got this sharp stick in pain. We have an open line in day. Better get my optometrist on a phone. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We love the pants. See, I'm going to see. I keep making the same mistake over and over. I can't get like this sugar thing. I have two addictions in my life. Sugar is one of them. Hockey is another one. Okay. And I can't get rid of you the one. Hockey at least isn't making me sick. Sugar is killing me. Hockey though, uh, uh, I'm going to show it's killing me because there's nobody's interest. I'm not saying that I'm interested. They just don't know anything about it. And they sure is how I can discuss it with me because it's not like somebody other shows on this station where they call up an A-star Miss pronounced in names like that guy that was talking about Stevie Wiserman, whatever he called him. Stevie Wiserman. Two bad Stevie's two small. There would be a great player. Right, Brian. See, they don't. They don't like small guys on this team. Doug McClaimed didn't like small guys. Brian Murray doesn't like small guys. And come to find out Terry Murray don't like small guys even if they're hell of a player. Their size queens. I told you that before and I'll tell you that again. We got a bunch of size queens on this management organization. They just don't measure up to their standards. And from what I hear about Brian by the way, I heard like just about like a butterfly he's on. Here's the Fort Myers. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just heard a commercial on your station with an last hour about that former actor Charles and has. Yes. And it's concerning the constitutional revision number 12. Yeah. He stated that that would, uh, for a habit people from being charged with crimes and serving time and said, well, there's nothing in that reading. It's one paragraph. This says anything about those things. He's right here. The reporter. Yeah, right exactly. He was son of a bad guy. Yeah. It's, you know, it simply gives the counties of the authority. I think he's still suffering from that God complex, you know, evidently, but for your listeners, those that don't know the difference. I don't know whether he thinks no one's going to read this, I guess. Yeah. Which is probably the case. He thinks because he's God and Moses and Jesus and Abraham and all those other rules that he played 100 years ago when he was out of the age of 100, uh, he thinks that people will pay attention to him. Well, I don't think I think it's going to. Yes. Thank you Neil. Okay. God bless you, sir. Don't forget. You son of a bad guy. We have an open line at Broward 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. Hey, we don't care. We just want the money. We don't care if we got fascist putting stuff on a year here. I'm starting to get in with a swing of it here. Okay. I'm not fighting him anymore. Just give me my guide, damn bonus check sometime. How's your bonus check coming by the way? This man sat up there with a straight face on Friday and said they were taking all three bonuses from the winter this spring and a summer book and you were getting them all together on one big fat check is what he said to me. Did he say one? He said something about big and fat. Maybe he was talking about norm. No, he didn't say when he said it's not a question of if it's a question of when. Oh, there he is again. Every time he comes down it we had three hours and 40 minutes of show today never once meant mention this topic and wouldn't you know see there's my psychic by Broward. Just like I conjured up David in a hallway. I was talking about Colombian hockey fans. Here's David in a hallway. All of a sudden appears like like an apparition. I'm talking about Georgia's bonus. Greg Reachos upholding up the door frame there. Give us a date sometime between now and when. Now let's see what's next. The next pay will is November. Next one. There won't be time to get in the next pay will is November 10th. Oh, that's right. The fifth for him. Oh, that's too soon. So the 20th. The 20th. Okay. Everybody in the audience marked this down. Okay. Market down right now. Greg Reach says November 20th and that paycheck George will get his three bonuses from the summer the winter whatever they are. Princess summer fall winter spring whatever and however it goes. Just remember you heard it here. Does anybody believe it? No, but it sounded good. Does George believe it? No. Okay. In fact, when that happens we're going to have such a party on the day that you actually tell me that your bonuses are right. We're going to have a goddamn party like you and believe a drunken brawl right on the air is what we're going to do. In fact, we're going to do it right down the hall here. 20. Then they can send us all into rehab. 228. Well, while spending the remainder is your car with two canoe theft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. Remember when we used to post a vacant carabine. If we ought to get a bundle of fish maybe, the white ones are cooler. Get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. How is that? I have sex seriously. So, better than you like that. I think somebody's coming. Get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. Get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac. I'll rely on now and receive a free flower antenna. Get away, get away from my supportive of the old you think and the F. Old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm now available. It all there's toys. Okay enough 144 at 560 WQM. So, what do I tell you about about a good guy Greg Reed was? Now he's not a bad guy. I've always told you that it's just that he's in partners with a bunch of slabs over there in Naples. But in any rate, what he's laughing about it's the truth. If he had his way, if he had free reign on his place, we'd see a lot of things happen. And even in spite of that, we may see something. That was some good news, Greg. I told you that meeting was good if we had just gotten a norm of a can out of there who left his notes, oh god, almighty. By the way, my it's lunch day at Mazda. Oh, she's cooking up a big dinner today because I'm starving. Mentally and emotionally speaking of food by the way will be at Ben and Jerry's never in sure of the Saturday noon or two. And we're going to have all those DNA things that we got. George, we got all. Now what do we have? I haven't even seen the poster. Oh, I assume that's the same thing. Let's, uh, let's look at one now. Let's take a peek at one. We got, uh, thanks to our friend Jeff, that he may call us stuff or did somebody else make some of it. He made buttons and key chains, DNA, do no harm. Neal says that this and he also says that. He'll come. And we'll have these for you. Even if you don't want to donate, if you don't want to buy any of our stuff, that's okay. But come by and get a DNA sticker or some of those big posters? Oh, look at that. Oh, I love those. They can stick those right on their brachomes. Those are huge. How many of those have we got? A lot. A lot. Tons of these big. I'm talking about big posters that you can slap right on your goddamn, uh, whatever. Right, go. Right. Or maybe just on the, you know how they have those things in front of the churches? Were they announced the, you know, the various, you know, I'm talking about on the lawn and front of the church. They could slap those right on their will be lovely. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Uh, Neal. Yes, sir. This year, eight years Colombian hockey fan. Yeah. Neal, what's on with that guy calling about Colombians? I heard something about, yeah, to call back and defend the race. They're Colombian race. Colombians are right. He's gonna come back and you know, watch us come back. What he said because he's over there in four miles and he feels that he's safe over there. You guys are going to come and get them. That's for some Colombian crypto. He's Tina's worth this now. Uh, uh, well, Neal, you show it's great. Okay, pal. Neal, you have some tickets? Yeah, I got a ticket for it. Hold on. Okay. Colombians, baby, we got Colombians up the old ass out there. Don't kid yourself. We got Colombians. We got Argentinians. We got the, uh, Brazilians who are in drag. We think we're not sure. Cubans, oh, forget about that. We got, we got more Cubans than you can shake your thing at. They're all out there. They just, uh, are intimidated. They're a bunch of postsies because they don't want to come out of the closet. And I can understand that we understand the cultural barriers in your community. And we understand why you want to make closet for the rest of your life. And I appreciate that. I, uh, you know, even though you are spying those cards and my decontents, I appreciate that with tiny little pingas. Here's a guy, Pad, you came to the right place. I've called the athletic department at UM. Nobody, I don't know who's studying here. Whatever the question is, if it has to do with UM, here's the answer. What? I think, whoa, there we go. What happened to Sony Hirsch? What do you mean what happened to him? They, he was an ethanol through that I've ever heard from the heard. They squeezed them out for this hysterical screaming maniac. My good friend Dave Lamato is a good guy, but definitely in the wrong position, he should never be doing play by play. And they squeeze Sony out after all those years a good guy. They screwed them over. They lied to him. They wouldn't give them an answer. And then right like about a week before the season started, they said, oh, by the way, don't come in. You're not doing a game anymore. They screwed them over big time. Yeah, what's radio time? They've lost because now you can leave. You want to watch it on TV. You don't even know the announcers that are given the game on TV. There you go. That's right. Good point. Can you imagine turning the sound on TV and listening to Rao or Dave Lamato break the speaker on your radio? No, that's right. I turned boomer off last night just so I could listen to the other ESPN radio announcers. But I can't imagine doing that for the UM games anymore. You know something the boomer is killing them, you know. He's he just never bop bop bop bop bop. He comes up with a couple good things once the wild, but then he's on. He buries himself. He doesn't even know what he's doing. He's killing that thing. Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop. They need to dig up old Howard Kossel and Danny Don boy. Bring back those days. Co-sell and bring back those teams too. That made. Anyway, can I call somebody a douchebag? Go ahead. Anthony, do Pozo and your brother, come here both douchebag. And your mama too. Okay. Okay. And by the way, you know, I think Bob Eisenberg is wearing Howard Kossel's hairpiece. What he used to have that used to like keep flopping off in the breeze all the time. People can say whatever they want about Howard Kossel. I got the book right back here, maybe. There you go. It's very self-serving. And it's, you know, very pop-as-as he was. And my good friend Dave Johnson, a great race call or Dave can repowered all he wants. But the fact is, in many ways, he did tell it like it was. He stole a lot of stuff from other people. But at least in the book he admits that he liked the Jack Ockworth. So he didn't invent that. I think Shirley Povich, the sports writer, invented that. He just croaked. Then he just croaked. Shirley never trusted the guy named Shirley. He was great. But in any rate, Howard Kossel, I never played a game. What of course, if you'd just, if you'd just eliminate and you're mind all the Self-serving stuff about how great money Netfootball was when he was on it and all the other Pop-as-as-Egan historical stuff. But all this stuff that he tells you about the Inn's and outs and the screwing over the fans. And the team owners and all of this good stuff. And about the in our take of an ex-joks up there in the booth who've taken it all over which he's right. Like I said before, you've got generic guise. I mean, Joe Bucke's good. I'll give him that. that Joe Buck is very good on Fox. Excellent. But other than Joe Buck, who the hell have you got? In any of the sports, you got Patton John on Pat Summerl and John Madden on Fox and football, who are still the best. I don't care what anybody says. Even though Pat's 110 years old. And who else you got? You got a few great hockey analysis, but obviously there's no interest in hockey, so why even talk about that? Can we hear some Mike Lang? No. Oh, love Mike Lang, but you're not going to hear him. See, that's another thing. What what are these people thinking about? In the middle of a show where we're solving the problems of mankind and some jackass calls me, hey, can we hear some Mike Lang? Of course not. Of course not. I watched Mike Lang last night. I suffered through the M. Leaveskitten shot out by Pittsburgh. Mike Lang is great. All the while I'll tell you right now, the greatest hockey announcer in North America right now may surprise you, maybe not Joe Bowen. There you go. That's right. Toronto Maple Leaf. Holy Macadadad. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Hear the best Joe, make dumbest thing about it. Some other guys, they move around a little bit, you have to reassess. But the other sports, they're a bunch of crap. And if anybody's going to tell me you saw an answer about Bob Costus, oh Jesus, what a smart me little arrogant Torpeas. Okay, another guy. He was okay when he was doing his little commentary and he was doing a pregame shows. But to be doing play by play give me a big break. That's right. Bob Costus, little ass sucking Torpeas. He's like one step away from Goldie. In fact, you know something next time I see Bob Costus, Goldie and John Glenn together, I'm going to think, oh, that's the only thing I'm going to have to think of. It's a catch all. Thursday coming to a Cape near you. That's terrible. Is that bad? Is that as tasteless as the good? I tell you, John Glenn is just he's got to go. You know, it's his time is coming. See John, you will stay a little fart right wing. Yeah, Democrat from Ohio. What is it with Alzheimer's? If you're shopping in QA, yeah. It has a pair of my cocked Nuri. I don't want to step on it. Okay, one from the seven at five, 60 WQM. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. You have a good interview. Hello, any interviews? No. Well, I have a suggestion. I think you should do a celebrity interview. With Mickey Rark. Why is that? Well, I think he's a great guy. He's a terrific actor. Well, when I talk to Mickey Rark about a regular talk to Mickey Rooney. Oh, you know, he hasn't had any movies out lately. Yeah. Yeah. Well, but I want to talk to him. Oh, he's a good guy. Yeah. He's a local hero. He's a local, local hero. Yeah. I rather talk to Stevie Bower, at least he's my buddy. Oh, people don't even know who he is. They don't know. Can't possibly say you're not in Stevie Bower, Rocky H. Are you a Mickey Rark is a national? You're going to burn on the lake of fire for not can Steven Bower. Did you ever see the Pope of Grand Isle? Did you ever see a thief of hearts? No. You ever see Scarface? I don't recall seeing Mickey Rark in Scarface. Well, because he could do better than that. Like what? Nine and a half week. The Pope Grand Isle. Not in the half week. That's a baby movie. Rumble. There's these are quite a lot of bomb. Oh, get out of here. Oh, I wish I had the do I have my Mickey Rark. Oh, place the music. It's not in the DCS, but it's got to be on the part. I think I'm still at the master for that. I think it's on one of my mini discs. I'm positive. We got a little Mickey Rark just enough to make you understand what he's all about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, what's up, man? Are you doing sir? Good, listen. I went to the game for a night and the problems with what's on the ice. I don't even think we've never got out on the power play in that game. I think we had like five hours play that one. Well, he doesn't have to play in the point of the power play. He was great in the point last year. And I was just too old at all and so he's right in the useless and he's going to destroy. I'm just remember what I told you. He heard it. They gave me a bunch of crap two years ago and I was right on target about two barns in Jason Wolik and his Chris Wells stiff. They gave me a lot of crap and I'm telling you right now Doug McLean destroyed Marty Strocka and Terry Murray will destroy Ray Whitney and he'll be gone and that's going to be a sad day for us. Yep. I think he ever has brother to both sides Queen's meal. There you go. You got it. That was science. Okay. There's shys Queen's. That's the problem. I'm telling you, shame person by disguise. Okay. That's just oh, by the way, anybody go on my, my heaven they bought this book. What is wrong with these people? What is wrong with these people? Lost rights by James Boulevard. It's in paperback. I'm going to read some more from this tomorrow, man. It's going to make you pee in your pants. You'll want to run out and buy this book before it's too God damn late. You'll make one trip to the bookstore to get a book. Another stuff at the passport office and another stuff at the guy to get a letter on Porto. Thanks coming up next from the sporting bruise that we got the booster six o'clock tonight. Eddie K with all the odds on the high school volleyball games 10 o'clock tonight. I'll be something more than just friendly because you know, when we listen to our radio station up there in game. So we don't talk about Miami and I can't figure out why you got this. A lot of people up there don't know Miami even exists. Come on. I know they've never been out of the game. Why has it been personal? Just the answer is question. Default. Here's one. No for a long time. Why? I have no idea. Classic example Bob. I welcome Gator fans to call in talk about the Florida Georgia game and Steven Joe have been very adamant and he's post show meeting saying to force you got to let him talk and all you do for the first five minutes. Ronnie here is Rip me. You haven't said anything about the game. Me. I'm telling you that I will turn your show on every day and listen to it. But it takes all of it. Come on. You never said anything. That's over the world. Hang up on the game. And that guy's telling you right now why he basically doesn't like you. Did you hear the previous caller came to the forefront. He said, hey, we're not running scare. We're going to go up there. We'll finish this piece. This guy comes on and just wants to attack me. Steve. How are you doing? Go on. I'll be on the program. All I'm glad to be on here. You know, we listen to you day after day after day. And it's the same thing. Do you put on the night and try to write your lines? Say, well, you do that well. Is that your mating call? No. That wasn't me. That was Steve. Come on, D. What do you guys just say? Give us something that means something to people out there listening to the program. Your pissed off. The fiat is the Gator fan in the middle of a month. On Rip and you have everything you're fine. You're rip boss. We should be able to rip you back. We're going here. I'm listening. I haven't had anything. Let's talk football. D. So let's talk football. All right. X is an host. Yeah. Right. Play. D. That is a great call. I appreciate you coming in here with that. Thank you, Dad. All right. All right. There you go. See? Hey, don't worry. Back to your fan. If you guys come to the little intelligence, that's fine. Come with the usual. Smarming. No, no, no, no, stop the backhanded shots and just take the calls. That's it. We got to take a break. illusion elite. Our free 0 ifnt version free in the cloud countless surveillance files. Stop this dirty. So we're trying to have a piece in how many characters we can you eat a fan talk football. I queremos. It's all missing counts. I like these calls. For. We're going to tell them to play it. We're not. I didn't tell? Yeah. I did say it because now I'm gonna try, to express my I didn't tell him to play it. Maybe not. I had nothing to do with it. I'm only getting some intelligent calls from Gator fans. I think it's a good thing. And I wanted to continue. So we'll continue on. I'm pleased you're at the Ford State. Or you're a version of my amy because that would explain your feeling about the Gators. No, actually it started with Spurrier a long time ago. It didn't really have any problems during the Charlie Pelgrant days or Gailin Hall. But I just presented some of the things that Spurrier did. And the next thing you know, you shine this on. You wouldn't come on any radio shows. You was taking pot shots at us. And just like the guy in general. Yeah, he is a pretty arrogant guy with his great coach. Thought he was a great coach. I'd never deny that. Yeah. You're accomplishing something. He's again the Gator fans to like you a little bit. I'm going to exactly take him to shots. You take when they're not on the phone when they are on the phone. Typical, Jeff the Forest at his best. How's that? Well, you didn't stand up to him. But he just kind of down to his own. You don't get to their faces. Then the people call. Next thing we know, you'll be a Saturday. You'll probably up with the game with Gator colors on. Blue and orange, baby. Up in Jacksonville. You are brutal. Go Gators. Oh, come on. All right. So you don't buy that. That's fine. You know, I can understand that. No, I was happy to see that. You know, we did make some progress here today. Gator fans traditionally call in and say nothing. I just take pot shots at me. Today they brought some football knowledge to the program. And that's what this show is all about. I'm talking about. We said something until we only hung up on one Gator today. Unlike other days when we have Gator calls. Maybe four or five six Gator fans get on that part. And I got to admit I didn't enjoy the show as much. Neil Rogers coming up. Be out. Can't beat that Gator meat. WQKO. Where the back is. Oh, can't beat that Gator meat. 1003 at 560 WQM. Happy Wednesday, Toya. What is this obsession in a style with college sports? And I'm only college sports, but college, how far would you say this? About 300 miles to Gainesville. I never been there. More 350 miles. About 400 miles to Jacksonville. Can't be that. 300 miles away. The stuff that's going on here does anybody care about that? No. But Gainesville, men are obsessed with Gainesville. Maybe we need to get an education here today. Maybe we need to talk to some people. A lot about the Gators. Who care? I saw a licensed tag. I'm going to get my male last night. And my poor storef is boxed. And as a guy in front of me, he's got a, one of the specialized licensed tags with a picture of a Gator on it. And it says, no, no, a picture of a seminal thing. It said, no Gators. Was the thing. NOG, ATOR. No Gators. Don't you want to like stick your finger kind of like in your nose? I mean, because every time I see either Steve's for your or Bobby Boutin. I mean, forget about Terry Boutin. You know, something he saw a picture of himself on TV with a white shirt in the baseball camp. He said, I'm so dang embarrassed. I got to get out of here. And he just ran off and quit. He hauled an awesome quit. But what is it about college sports in this town? I mean, I thought this was like a sports day. Because I see a piece of male a Greg Regret got this morning. Which thank God he shared with me. Because we like to know when the end is near. And it says, get rid of the arraggers. We want sports. Oh, sign, of course. No sign, get your nose. No nothing. Get rid of the arraggers. We want sports. We even know his ratings are like double anybody else on the station. Do you realize that? Oh, did we get a response on that? Were the attend to two numbers, are you? No. Well, why not? Let's get with it over there. We're kids Wednesday are ready to book him out on Friday. Let's get those attend to two numbers. So we have our own real numbers these four hours. And we can see here in Greg about him. How great they are. Like kind of morning drive and afternoon drive put together in some demographics. And bring it in more money. Make it more money than any other day. So let's get rid of the deal because he don't want to talk sports. And he is principally don't want to talk about that nose picking Gator crap and seminal crap. And we're going to send the big black guy wait. We're going to send him out wide. And he's going to run like a mother scratcher. And we're going to throw him to ball and we're going to score score score. And I mean, get serious. Will you please? So I noticed, and of course, when I do talk sports, there's no response anyway, because they talk about a real sport like hockey, which we got the game with the red wings tonight. And we got a thousand unsolved tickets for that, including the 500 Panther facts. So please, let's fill that you in up. I heard Gordon Murphy on with the worst thing this morning. I was going, Gordon, good guy. Very articulate. So actually said something. So part thing had basically no calls. There was some shorts. They're called it about some dolphin and greek. And not Craig Gerson, but somebody else I never heard of. And that was it. Some shivow. But there wasn't any a discussion about the situation with the Whitney, which he may now play on a second line. We understand if he does, you know who to thank for that. He understands that Terry Murray was having big jogging movements yesterday. During the course of this show. See, this ain't one of those places where you can run and hide, because I'm going to expose all the crappy guys who don't even if we get no response to it. Like I said, they had no calls about that this morning. And they were going on and on a great length about the benching of Whitney and Spala and about Terry Murray being a hard ass. And they had Gordon Murphy on there. Did they have one call about that? No. No, but he had all, all D foes got it. Who is good at that? Get out, get out, get out these goat, which I think is the one that Terry and Brian Murray were photographed. Do one, get that goat out. And start with a gator stuff. And here they come. One after another after another with one finger in their nostril, one in their echo and start with that gator crab. And here we are in Miami. You know what's interesting? The one call I did here was to go to set up there on Gainesville radio. They don't talk about their heroculents. They talk about the gators. They talk about what they're doing up there. Forks are not in the same conference. You know what, what's the big deal? What's the attraction? But because we have so many people down here who had the misfortune to go into school up there. See, I went to a school where we have a crappy football team. Michigan State. We had a couple of good years, you know, sixty seven and a couple of good years along the way over the years. But you know something? Does anybody really care all that much? No. No. There's plenty of corruption and plenty of a scandal and plenty of illiterate jobs up there. But does anybody really care? No. And went to Michigan State where the team loses or not? We got a great hockey team. But we do we care about the fact that our football team sucks. No. And at Michigan in the year and in the year out like this year, almost every year beats the spot out of us. We beat Notre Dame this year. There you go. That's our claim to family. We don't need to do anything else. But these people at go to school at some college and right away to become obsessed with a football team, obsessed like it to be placed about substitute for a life. I don't get it. I don't understand it. That sports talking has done. Not professional sports. College sports. I'm going to tell you something. Maybe we can actually work it down to a remaining full level. We can start talking high school sports. How about junior high sports? How about Kindergarten sports? All right. There's a kid over there placing my me high about 70 years old baby. He's going to be his girl and he's about 62 already. Six years old, 62. I'm like a moose. And we're going to sit him out there. He's going to go out wide and he's going to run like a mother. He's going to run a goddamn crowd. And they're going to have to keep that thing up there. They're going to do a hell Mary. It's unbelievable. And don't you think it's humble? Why do it's amazing to me? The grown people that adults are so obsessed. And so, and just so full of like psychosis about this. Like it's important, like the future of the world depends on Gator football or seminal football or her kung football. Depending on who got the biggest, you know, Shfo's this year. Stuff like that. Isn't that what it really is all about? Who's got the biggest foes? Because I'm going to tell you, Steve, Spirier and Bobby Bowden. You'll put the two of them together. And you still have minus points in your IQ column. Yahoo! Every time I see those guys. Yahoo! That's what comes to mind. I think of the things that are wrong with the state of Florida. Not the things that are nice about it, like the weather most of the time. Like those nice, pretty palm trees, stuff like that. But I think of the things that are wrong when I see those guys. Like, kind of like, yeah, I got my finger all the way up to where my brain used to be. In fact, maybe that's what happened. Maybe they had their finger up there so much where the brain used to be. They kind of scratched it out, went and out of kind of fell out. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. Nine minutes. Where you? You ate out. Can't beat that Gator meat and beat that Gator meat. So George just had some hysterical lunatic on a phone, which I wish we could have gotten him on. In fact, I discuss sports there for our Mahipakrit. I don't discuss sports. I talk about hockey, which is a level above all the other sports in a class by itself. How about that game last night, even though it was a scoreless talk, okay, not college football, which is for overgrown children? I mean, how do we talk about college soccer? How about LaCrosque, very big in colleges up there in the Ivy League. They play LaCrosque. How about college golf? Huh? College swimming? College diving? That's what Greg Lucena said. Divers do it deeper. That's what he said. Now look what happened to him. I mean, let's, you know, get into the nitty-gritty. That's the problem with this time. You don't hear it like during the Marlins thing this year. I imagine this yesterday. Is there any intelligent discussion about baseball? Hey, Eddie, you're thick. Lee Bonds going to win 20 games this year? That's a level of conversation you got about baseball in this time. This might be odd to think if we had real sports fan in this town, people would be screaming about this. They'd be having an nervous breakdown. And by the way, the Met's only paid $30 million more for the whole deal in the next high stocker. Smart move their Met's. But do we have any comment about that? No. They've talked about college sports. That's all in any of what they do talk is Kakka nonsense. My school better near is his and deeper. Where'd you go to school? You're some kind of a seminal. Oh my god. You're some kind of a hercune. That's not sports, huh? That's Kakka. That's baby craft. That's like that. So the notion that I'm the evil one on here, there must be a reason that all these people are tuned in. Like the guy that was screaming to you, the claims he's going back to changes radio right now. Who listens every single god damn day. And his listening is I speak right now, but doesn't have the cohones to call them speak to me. He wants to be right you because he's such a macho man. He's probably a goddamn gator if he asks me. And you know something? The gators, the seminal's, and her arcanes, they can all kiss my big fat. Raccoons, I don't give a crap about any of them. Except I do like to see the hercunes lose. I do like that. I'll confess to that. I was very, very sad when Dave Lamont was shrieking and yelling and screaming. At the end of that West Virginia game on Saturday that the field goal was wide right or wide left. Or wide something because I couldn't understand what he was saying. Because he was screaming so god damn loud. Is if it was about something very important which it wasn't. But nevertheless, I do enjoy seeing them lose because number one of the corruption of the program. And number two because of the f**k. It's a f**k thing in this town. They couldn't even sell out the FSU game. With 60% or 80% of the people were there were seminal f**k. They couldn't even sell out that game. Could they? No, that's right. But if they should have like one of their glory years again, all of a sudden, and they pack it 80,000 phony or f**k right. This town is great for that, front running phony's. Very big on it. So I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about. Thank you in a response. It'll be just the same, none. Neil, just like I heard this morning. See, I feel much better about it. Now, there's only one person on this station that gets phone calls. That's Hank. Have you noticed that? Hank. No, seriously Hank can sit down and do his three or four minutes or five minutes or whatever and ramble on. And there you go. Here's a Tom and Davey. One after another after another. Now, most of them are of course compulsive gamblers. But nevertheless, I salute Hank the fact that his phones bring off the hook. Warning show, do they get calls? No, do we get calls in my pocket? No, I got a bus. I got a Papa bone. Do you get these backshorts off there? They're out there. Just like that guy that's calling you screaming in a horror. But they're intimidated. See, I'm supposed to be the limparistate fact. They're supposed to be the macho man. And of course, they're hiding behind the anonymity of the telephone. Which is, I mean, even less excuse for they're not having the McCones to talk to me. But they just can't do it. Can they do it? No. I want to hear right now from some people who tell me about Gainesville. What would he give me a look like that? For I've never been to Gainesville. I would like to find out something about them. What kind of a community is it? Is it kind of like Lakeland? I've driven to Lakeland. That's a horrible place. I've never driven to Lakeland. But it's a lot like Lakeland. City, I've driven to, is it like that? Were they have a horse country? A lot of horses, asses running around? You know, it's a college town. A lot of young people running around. A lot of bricks, a lot of IV on the walls. IV? You can go float the HOT-Tuck IV on the walls. Are you making it sound like kind of like Harvard now? Something like that like, I don't believe you. No. It's just like dark middle or airfring pan or partying all the way. IV League school kind of like brown? No. Oh, I wouldn't know. Like an institution of higher learning. I mean, does anybody learn anything?