Sports radio 5.50 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. No, no. The Neal called 5.67-0560 toll free for dating Broward. No. Or pound 5.60 on yourself. Yeah. Your opinions of Neal, his guests call us or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, Beesley Reed Acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast. No. No. Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 5.62 AM. We're going to be in the first room. We're going to be in the first room. We're going to be in the first room. Oh! There. Sarah, what's the matter? Oh, Judy. I just found out. Michael has... Harder. Oh, no. I just don't know what to do. Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the Harder on Treatment Center of America. Harder on Treatment Center? Yeah. It's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested. You think they could help Michael? They were very kind and caring when they were looking at his owner. He doesn't even watch the USA channel at night anymore. The Harder on Treatment Center of America. Helping so many Americans to their hardship. Prudon by big booze and so many hours, Miss Lydia. Please call today. Don't get excited. You're not alone. The Harder on Treatment Center of America. Cold water standing by. Hey, happy anniversary. You know, thank you. Is that your anniversary today? One year on this radio station? Yeah. All right. Are we getting like tons and tons of faxes and balloons? No. Of course not. But Greg, we did come down and check my hand. It ain't say happy. Everybody I made a one year. Yeah. And that was pretty exciting. I guess that was it. No balloons. No big deal. I guess we'll have to get some food in here today. Have a big party. We'll have our own God and celebration. That's the way we do it. We have plenty of practice doing that by ourselves. And of course, I'm sure lots of you can relate to that. But I do have one facts from Don and Homestead. There's one guy out there. One guy in Homestead was at least got the. At the homes. He has a good memory. One year ago today December 30th, 1997. They said it couldn't be done. And here we were. I didn't think it was going to be done either. 930 the night before they're still putting stuff in here. They're patchking around and it looked like it was impossible. Couldn't be done. They said it couldn't be done. And we almost did it. By the way, we got about 140 grand for 101. And still these last couple of days. I wouldn't be surprised if we wound up with everything totaled up. Maybe 145, even 150. Huh? Other time everything is like all factor in there. Wouldn't surprise me. So nice going guys. Oh. On the day of your daughter's wedding. So we got let's see 13. I think he was like a fudging a little bit. Maybe no such problem at the Evans guy. Dave Evans. It was on with a worse team this morning. Probably more like 14,000 unsold seats for the game on. And they've extended the deadline till tomorrow at 1230. Little boss as he thinks it'll be extended beyond that. Do we agree with that? No. I don't think so. Because the game Saturday. Why would they extend the deadline till 1230 and Friday? Highly unlikely. Unpricinated. So that means if they don't sell another 12 or 13,000 tickets by 1230 tomorrow. There's going to be no local TV for the offense bills game on Saturday. A major, major embarrassment in this big, big time sports town. In fact, if you watch that, I watched about two minutes. That's her cool game last night. That pool and week, whack her MCI. Whatever the hell that thing was. Bull game. And they kind of threw 44,000 people in there. If so, the most of it about 10,000 of the sky's the empty seats. Because you could go bowling in the upper deck. There was nobody at all in the upper deck. There were a bowl of like big patches of empty orange. There must have been a lot of people dressed at orange there last night. Because it was a vacant. So what's the excuse? I guess the excuse is it's the homo dace and a lot of people are out of town. Right? Could that possibly be part of it? That could be it. Or maybe the excuse is that it's just the usual bush lake town. That could be it. By the way, we own a apology to the entire community. Although I had not no control over it. Yesterday we're doing the show and we're rolling along the wall and singing the song. And then the one to two hour kind of hit a dead spot. And I started thinking about it. And then I go and watch the news last night. And I realized as usual, since we operate here at a vacuum on this radio station. I'm 95 was like tied up for seven hours yesterday. They had traffic backed up for miles and miles and miles and miles. And I'm sitting here doing a radio show. And we have a lot of people in this audience who listen to their radio. Who unfortunately have to be in their car. They're trucked their van, their scooter, whatever they're doing. For their job or maybe they have a life, I don't know. But I guarantee many of those people are sitting there in 95. Don't they know anything about what's going on out here? Aren't they going to give us any information? No. Now we do have this to make believe traffic service. Which I don't even know which one it is on this station. Because I would have to listen to the morning to find out. And I try to avoid it as much as possible. Do we know what it is? No. We don't know. No. Okay, but anyway, so we have trouble. What is it? Metro traffic. Oh, Metro traffic. That's the one that Joe else is in his with. Joe Brennan. Yes, he was. What do you mean he was? You got canned. When we first said he still is. Yeah. Why are we getting a ton of information from over there today or what? They're just like like barely got a squeeze it out of Joe over there this morning. And the awards too. So that's the one that Joe Brennan is with. Of course, over the years, we know that what I bunch of losers they are to begin with. And so, you know, in the past over this one year that we've been on this radio station and somehow survived it. Once in a great while, I'm not going to save very often because we know do the traffic here in the day because you know there's no big traffic. No, just one more on either in the rupture. Which we already get more than enough of those already. But in the past a couple of times there have been those occasions. I think like maybe twice in the last year when it come on and say, I'll guess what? There's a problem on the turnpike. There's a problem over here on a palm. I don't please put it on the air. Let your listeners find out what's going on because yesterday when I came in here. 4441 was all backed up. I mean, I get off the turnpike off. I was very wrote. I make my turn on the 4441. It's not even moving. And I'm wondering to myself, what the. What is going on here, you know. And now I realize that everybody was off in 95 because they were taking 4441 to go over the head to go. So we have apologized profusely, but do we have a like an even a news wire? No. Do we have like any information unless it has to do with a ball game or something and do with sniffing a Josh Drap? We know nothing about it here on this radio station. Okay. If they're dropping bombs like I told you to be a I predict this year ago. Like, if they're dropping nuclear weapons on home, instead. Would we know about it? No. Hey, Joe, we're solid. Come through. I even had written it down. Thank God. Thank God for our good buddy, Joe, we're solely from Rothoff's supply. Yeah, we had a little bit of a problem here. Again, another little bit of an other little insufficiency. I don't want to belate because we're certainly not as cheap as clear channel. Which I'll mention that we're concerned to again because it happens to be true and very, very sad. The cheapest backdudes on the face of the earth buying up every station inside queer channel broadcasting. So even though the beeslears are as tight as a snare drum, not even the same league with queer channel. But Joe was only comes through with our 1999 calendar. You know, those big planner calendars like it would be have to actually write something down on them. So you have some idea of what's going on. Because unfortunately for the rest of the staff, the calendars like for the sales holes and all the other people around here, they're not going to be into what you said they were. So February, now they didn't say what year. Maybe we have a why 99 problem here. What channels that why 90 don't have? We got a little bit of a problem here. We can't get the new calendars in quite a time. So by February, maybe if they're lucky to have them. But we got them now before we're right before the end of the year. Thanks to Joe Resolved. Nice going, Joe. God bless you. And happy New Year, etc. So on. Eight minutes after 10, I want to get that thing on that it was a great piece about channel for a scandal by Howard Beal. I got through here somewhere here. And then of course we have to do the the history of all the happy dances at the football games. I'll let you get in. Javan all at the horrible crap that goes on. That a lot of you pretend that you really think is entertaining. And in the meantime, you just sit back there saying, hey, look at that. And you're right. Like an email. You know, that's what it's all about. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. You try to tell all you poor black folks up there. Stop letting white America continue, you know, keeping you under their thumb. I'm participating in advocating and enthusiastically embracing behavior that makes people look like step in fetcher. It's just it's garbage, okay? I don't want to pick a single anybody out. We don't need any more policies from Lamar Thomas or anybody else. But the fact is, cut the crap already, okay? It's got nothing to do there. No separate culture for celebrating. Like saying, oh, well, I'm driving this way because we got a separate culture. We'd be driving this way, okay? You'd be driving one way on a road, but I'd be in the other lane. Okay? That's a cultural thing. Is anybody believe that? No. Of course not. But in any way, don't go getting all worked up about it. It's the 30th of December. We got it. We got it. One year the day. Look at the phones are light and up like crazy. Aren't they? Happy anniversary. Neil, one year on Q&A. They said it couldn't be done. Sports radio 560 QAL. All of our jobs. Nothing New York Times wants to have as approaching humorous. Mark Russell. Well, as you know, the Commander-in-Chief has been accused of being caught with his pants down. Shall we say? So, I wrote this little song about it. And it goes something like this. The President and the President and the intern. He'll immediately pop his pants all the President and the intern. Mark Russell gives you a chart political commentary in 20 original songs that all sound exactly like that. See, you went to get a job. He went to get a job. Can't leave with me. Got melted when she went to ask for a job. Mark Russell, why? This week on TVF. For a guy who doesn't sit down when he plays the piano, he is pretty funny. Bill Clinton likes laurels, bags. Bill Clinton likes laurels, bags. Do I mention he likes laurels, bags? Bill Clinton likes laurels, bags. Thank you. Oh, what a crowd. Oh, what a what a laugh of minute. He's the worst. 10 14 at 5. 60 WKM. Here's a facts from Bill. Who says happy one year anniversary, etc. And so on. Thanks a lot, Bill. There's another facts. There's more out of town scores. Please don't let scoreboard there. It's a pantheon game. Instead of showing all those idiots constantly up above so they can see themselves on the scoreboard up there. It's generalized. Let's see the out of town scores instead of just between a period. Actually, for a while there, Dave, for I think they lost their minds for about one. There are two games. They actually were showing them up there in the corners. All through the game. So we won't see that anymore because let's face it. If you're not interested in the local score, why in the world would be interested in the out of town scores. In other words, they're no fans, or anyway. But I'm not going to go back into that again. That's my new year's resolution. Forget it. Because they don't care. That's one of the least interested things of anything in the world in this town is the whole hockey scene. They don't know about it. They don't care about it. And I keep trying to convince myself of that. And it makes me want to cry. So anyway, Howard, Bill, whatever this guy's real name is in the city link. December 23rd, a week ago. Rights in Media Watch. Here's Mud and Youri. CBS's glory days in South Florida are long since over. SWFO continues its downward slide. There was a time not so long ago when the Columbia Broadcasting System was revered as the one to emulate and television news. From the early days of scratchy black and white images, the more recent times, a satellite images bounced around the globe and from planet to planet, working for CBS, meant adhering to a code of ethics, loyalty, and journalism. In South Florida, CBS television once meant Ralph Redneck, followed by watercrunker, or Dan Rather, solid community reporting. And a disdain for reaching into the snake world puts a flash in trash news casting. Welcome to the latter stages of the 20th century, Ellis, the certainly isn't your father's CBS and 9-E any more. And to be fair, it shouldn't be. The technology of news gathering reporting is advanced so far and so fact in last decade. We used to be the prominent source preaminent source of televised information, but now we look upon its video dinosaur bones. Progress and all that you understand. What CBS has accomplished here in South Florida certainly has never been done before by any other corporate owner of any of the other top or 20 rated markets. Beginning with a purchase of then independent WCIX channel six, continuing with a great signal swap of NBC and becoming WFO large channel four, ending with a recent and still pending personnel changes, CBS has made history. They have single-handedly created the most annoying, least creative, uninformative, poorly-staff, badly-managed news station, and the history of television. Oh! Hands down, no question, and those are the good points. Let's begin with a signal swap. When NBC bought WTBJ and 9-E CBS, a section New York City panic realizing they had to do something or surrender the potentially lucrative market to the competition. There only alternative was to buy WCIX channel six, which was expected to have an audience-limited limiting week signal. Making a very long and convoluted story short, CBS coughed up millions of dollars to swap channel six for NBC channel four and renamed the station WFO R. CBS officials trusted the deal as an age or coup, they couldn't lose management scheme. Lose they did in the most embarrassing manner, Channel four has never made a consistent profit for CBS, and while experiencing brief moments of success, has slipped into the television never world of rarely if ever being a newscast rating contender. All this while those groups from NBC who took the CBS cash and ran with a rotten signal, fill the record desk of Channel six with well-known faces and black and CBS's eye on an almost daily basis. CBS made every mistake possible in those early days. The most damaging was jettisoning, jettisoning, veteran anchor, barbers flown, never flashy but always a solid reporter. While station officials denied it, most believed he was bounced for being too old and not fitting the station's new flashier image. Sloan and many others were placed with a seemingly never-ending stream of cannon barbie types, and stick artists to our now featured on Tapes used by broadcast instructors to vividly illustrate what never to do until a vision news, most of them thankfully have forever faded from memory. Fast forward to the painful present where Channel four is losing money hand over fist, credibility ratings are plummeting, and morale is only slightly higher than death roll before the juices turned on. CBS wheels in New York are tied of shell-ing out-huge bucks for a huge failure and aside something must be done quickly. In walks Mel Carmesan, the former head of infinity broadcasting, considered one of the two visionaries in broadcasting. Then again, everyone in the industry, most visionaries usually manage your speak for patched wielding, blaveless assassin who knows the only way to make real money as the tree workers like to ferroist feed in slaves. Everyone from the top down at WFOR shutters the announcement is made everyone. General manager Alan Shacklin, his days are numbered. Shacklin managed to survive in the sea of red inks since the early days of CBS purchased by promising ownership that things will get better. They don't, of course. He's about to get found when he announces he's leading to spend more time with his family. Weeks later, he accepts a position at a TV station at Atlanta. Gets the family didn't look so good when viewed up close and personal, bed and having escaped with a tidy buyout in her deeter. Carmen's at install Steve Maldon is the new General manager and staffers know the station will soon start resembling a Marie Antoinette spirit reunion with head rolling factor that they could be blow dried. This is great. This is one of the great columns, and of course it has to be in city length at nobody reads. From the outset, Maldon proves once again that television means never having to say you've learned your lesson. With ratings dropping, CBS swings the ass again and hits sportscaster turn lead anchor Camrell Marshall. Granted, Marshall will never be mistaken for a red Bradley, but he was known for his exhaustive efforts to aid the community never turning down the opportunity to help. Marshall is considered by those who know him to be a rarity in television truly down to earth unimpressed with his celebrity status, a really nice guy which means he has no future in current television. Marshall wasn't the problem at WFLR, everything and everyone else around him is the problem. But like a GM or a head coach, someone had to be fired as an example of the save some exact Tony Voloni job. Co-anchor Anne Roberts who could never even mistaken for a Bimbostyle female anchor instead has alienated viewers and co-workers alike with a tool lack of any talent or personality. The Barbie role at WFLR is currently held by anchor Jennifer Gould, can risotto is the perfect can to Gould's Barbie. Fake smile while practice cliches, body English by Sega and completely unable to deliver even the slightest line without a viewer wondering if the lights are truly on behind the facade. Once the save you are thousands from Hurricane Andrew, Brian Norcross is now becoming embarrassment. Having a clause inserted in his contract upon leaving Channel 6 that allowed him to anchor newscast, Norcross has proven a line spoken by Clint Eastwood in one of those dirty hairy movies, a man's got to know his limitations. Norcross doesn't know his, but we can tell him if he's interested. Float back over to that weather map, Brian. Sports anchor Jim Barry has become the single greatest example of stuff aggrandizing, self-serving, e.g. statistical television boars. Is that having one sentence being dumped in Chicago? Barry has only managed to keep from being considered the worst sports cast of representation because Joseph Gackie works there as well. Is this incredible, Laura? Joseph Gackie sucks, okay? Okay. When Denver Broncos running back to Reldavis recently made an appearance on Sesame Street and was doing the alphabet with a muppets, Barry couldn't resist once again, making sure he was the center of attention. Editors took that result of the alphabet and spliced together Davis-Bellingout, J-I-M-B-E-R-R-Y. One can only hope that after the grim re-percums calling, Jim Henson welcomes Barry to the next world by beating him senseless with a useless piggy doll. And now comes word that Shannon High has been hired as new director. A former associate producer of the station, most recently assistant new director of Channel 7, most spectacular was soon the role of a hatchet woman. She's expected to carry out the mandate from Carmesan to record greater profits by cutting salaries and finding followers instead of leaders actors instead of journalists. Rumble has it very should worry about a new contract perhaps norcross as well. Several defections have been recorded in the front office recently and there are plenty more to come as people realize what the future holds at Channel 4. Maybe Leonardo DiCaprio can play General Manager Maldon in the movie. Oh, oh! One of the great articles in the history of this town by Howard Beale, Vausher, which he had a real name. That's to be linked magazine. Nice going, Howard, whoever the head you are. And right on target from what I understand. The circus over there. Okay, let's delve into these calls such as the I ever got a couple of months of board and I want to talk about all the jookin' and jive and the high step in the dirty bird and the funky chicken and the California quake. Oh yeah, we gotta get into the history of that. Here's a, what is it? Mobile and porting Lucy, hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. I wrote that note, Steve. First of all, I don't know if you watched last night's on the work on game. No. Okay, well, I hope that 30 seconds just to see what the crowd was. It was pretty weak. Well, the crowd was pretty weak, but they played a hell of a game. Yeah, I hope so. And one thing I know is what, once the guys, I don't know what the college teams are, regulations are. When they sort of touched down, they didn't go doing that dirty dog or the dirty bird or whatever. Yeah. And they didn't have rid of cells, uh, reasonably. So it looked like a, well, did they go on the sideline and beat up some of the cheerleaders who probably were the girlfriends I don't know I didn't see it. Well, I think so. I don't know if they still do that. But, you know, I have a, I think, I was a, I think it's still seen a little bit more, uh, control over the planet. Yeah, because it's prohibited by the rules. They can't do that. Okay. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. They're powerful. Three, four, four, one of the teams who are top thing like out of the ordinary. And, uh, you know, I guess that's is either they got to keep doing implement, you go through that way they can control them. Yeah. Another thing, you, uh, the brace family was there last night, and the way it's debuting them. Um, we were Brian, but it was there. Yeah. Uh, and, uh, it was like you never committed a crime. Yeah. And um, when we're trying to have a couple of drinks with the Zolt Buddy Dennis Duration, he's got a lot of and he's got a lot of time to attend other probably a remission about old time. Okay, hello. We're probably one in high and jumping fast, or has it the other way around? I want to wish you a happy anniversary. And for your one year or w2am, and if I do not want to ask, I would like to hear a little request about, you got one bit about our stickers and a look at, you know what I'm going to talk about? Stickers in the hooker. Hi, I'm a horror or some of that. Hi, I'm a horror, okay, I'll let work on it. Hey, happy New Year, Pelkin. Hi, I'm a horror, okay. I'm Callow to board here today. Happy anniversary New Year, thank you. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Wow. Here's a lady in Miramar, hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes ma'am. I was wondering, could you play the silence of the lamb bit? No. That was no lady. That was a kid. That was a little kid. Wasn't it? Was a lady? Okay, that's it. That's our cross today. So I'm going to do this thing after the break. I'll do the thing about the funky chicken. And the dirty bird never played the record yesterday. And then to go all day tomorrow. Wow. could knock the over with a feather duster right now goes to show you never expect anything from the south-load audience and then you'll be uh then you'll really get what you expect right. 560505050 on a mobile one line they are dead as a door nail baby better than a proverbial god damn door well it's new years eve coming up tomorrow okay we got a lot of stuff to worry about here we got a lot of uh important crap going on okay we don't have time to talk to some fat due fat on a radio we celebrate in one year on Q&A we resent the fact that he's down there anyway oh by the way speaking of who's on Hank continues on vacation they build zimfer I looked at a schedule almost he and my pants those zimfer is gonna be on here at two o'clock from two to six fill in for Hank today which I find most bizarre and then six o'clock we got Josh Friedman for an hour kind of killing some time in there and the seven o'clock to pre-game with guilty because we got the pants are they panthers and the penguins in Pittsburgh tonight there'd be watching that anybody oh I didn't think so I will 26 to 10 at 5.50 WQM and you've got your breath beautiful we're having alien anal probe you've ever been impregnated by a creature from a far off galaxy a bit the only thing you took away from the experience was a strange rash and that chip that's still in your brain well I'd like to pick up a nice lump of cash the next time an intergalactic traveler decides to pick you up well now you can with a reduction insurance you've heard the crazy farmers in low-rend white trash talk about it so you know it's true alien abductions do happen and now for the first time in the history of mankind you can actually benefit from your next abduction just pass a little bit each month in the next time you take a little trip come back to earth and show us that chip in your head for the rod in your ass and the claim is as good as yours abduction insurance sign up today and get three as a bonus a meteorite proven brellum just in case 1035 50 WQM the main reason that that column was so great that I read by Howard Bill in fact the best thing since he said right something that's just because it rips and I mean because all the ripping was very accurate right on target because here's somebody that actually wrote a column and said something who's such a rarity in this town even on the worst thing this morning they were talking about how any the pope and his columns lately becoming more and more in coherent not the day where ever any good and you you you you you're read it and you wonder what what is he writing this for what is it that he's trying to say can anybody figure it out no is anybody want to figure it out no by the way got me a uh that thing with the toilet seat everything turns into a major project I went to builder square over there right by the saw grass which is right by my house that figure well you know that definitely going to have them in here I walk up to the place and the first bad omen was they have all these big signs plastic all over the front of the joint that say close out going out of business everything must go and of course the problem is when you going to a home depot or builder square one of those places that they're so gigantic and huge you know remember the old days you'd go into a supermarket I think grand union used to do it maybe that's why they're out of business and they're used to be on the front why did the front of the store there used to be like a big directory and like if you were looking for like toilet paper you looked up there toilet paper out seven you wanted this spaghetti sauce spaghetti yeah I'll six whatever what and you go to these gigantic places is there's such a thing anywhere around no so I'm wandering around wandering around and some guy who's a listener okay and you know how I say hey great you know where worthy I'm gonna find toilet seats oh there's not a very good selection left is not too many left but they're in the aisle 14 because this place is going out of business they're selling everything out why would builders square be going out of business there hold depot oh no lot of business oh like I said home depot's putting them out of business just like that came out of big one pretty soon too because Walmart's gonna well get to Walmart in a minute so anyway I go over there aisle 14 I look and here's where they used to be evidently once upon a time a whole lot of toilet seats and there's you know a smattering of toilet seats there but they all of them say regular bowl and then I find a box that is elongated bowl and so all here we go and I pull a box forward and it's a blue toilet seat what shade of blue baby blue powder blue a blue toilet seat now in my case I guess it couldn't hurt my image any okay but am I ready quite yet at this stage of my life for a blue toilet seat no no and of course that's why I was still there then they have wooden toilet seats now the last thing I need is to have you know wood in my rectum right okay oh wow wow anybody get a wooden because first of all wood especially down here in South Florida you know with a humidity wood rocks oh excuse me I've got a little echo problem so to make a long story short after wasting all my time wandering about 500 yards with a space during goddamn uh builder square I walk out of there with this because to look on and I post likes for get about this because they got crap so now I go over to Walmart which is right next door after you know Kmart didn't have what I want about Walmart is certainly a step above Kmart isn't it like a half a step a little a quarter of a step oh excuse me let me get this splinter out of my rectum put it in any way so I go in here and I look around and sure enough within the matter moments I find a guy with the outfit on I say hey come out can tell me where I find a toilet seats uh go to the red line and make a right then even look up go to okay I go to the red line and make a right there they are and you know what I look at them and they're all like little baby toilet seats for little baby toilets and people with little small baby retos I guess but just as I'm ready to walk on and I'm thinking she's I'm gonna have to go to another place to get a goddamn toilet seat I mean why should you have to spend this much effort and I look down there on the bottom kind of often a corner and here is two of them that say for full for elongated bull it's got like a sticker when I found a pretty long-gated bull and sure enough I you know there was like a selection of colors white or white yeah that was the selection of colors either white one or white one so I got a white one for uh what what what what am what I'm gonna do am I gonna you know this isn't uh something I'm gonna spend my whole life on okay so for 1699 I get me a white toilet seat and I take it I'm gonna of course the toilet is now white the toilet is like beige almond whatever they call that you know and most houses in apartments they got like either white or almond or one real fancy fancy place black maybe for like refrigerated it's almond so I put the thing on there and I ask for it all in and it fits it lovely but it looks uh you know looks a little goofy a white toilet seat on an almond toilet but I got me a toilet seat oh no no seriously so what I'm gonna do is when I have some time I'll figure out I guess I'll go to home depot would that be logical move that'll be my next it'll only be a tense debt process getting a goddamn toilet seat and I'll go over to home depot I'm Rosie on over there and I'll see if they have like any elongated uh in an almond color when that actually matches the bull itself and I'll take this one I'll do the same I did with the one and throw it away oh you're not gonna take it back no I'm not no so that'll be 27 dollars with a toilet seat that I will have thrown out huh hey hey listen when you got it we easy come easy go okay I'm not gonna take it back I'd rather throw it in a dumpster than take it back I would say anything under $20 if I buy something under $20 you know if it doesn't work out I just toss it I'm not gonna take it back and go standing online and go through a big song in advance like those jack acid that go to Eckridge and stand online and make everybody else's life miserable for refunds can't do it so the mystery of the toilet seat is saw that everything can care up there's one let's take a call a mobile in coconut creek hello hey Neil how are you doing today hey listen I'm a kitchen designer at home depot's funny you just talking about that yeah and uh one I wanted to say happy new year to you uh your show is a great show I really I'm sure thanks you're listening no matter what that little poor buddy never says hey listen what you're saying about the builder square they are going up because we're buying them all out yeah okay but could you have put your weight in another a month or two so they had a better selection of toilets you sorry but listen here's my guaranteed promise to if you were to ever come over to my store I'm at the coping store and coping to 95 oh no chance no no this listen yeah here's my promise you ever come over here and you need any help whatsoever you come into the David and the kitchen department yeah I'll personally walk you around the store and service anything that you need you'll surface me in the story yeah well I don't know about you I have a guy that may be will surface you but uh it wasn't a long get it full it was a long get it's bow uh all right well there's nothing wrong with having something elongated but it's not the bullet had mine okay David have a great no year yeah thank you too I'll be seeing you real soon up there on coping to road one I know okay we have an open line in day one and bro our five six seven also the other thing I want to get some assistance on it they since these people are like pretty boring I want to fight out about my passport because so the people from the passport office in Miami a few months ago sent me the renewed by mail thing I don't want to be new my passport by mail I want to go over to my mailbox placing it a couple of passport photos and then go like there are within the first week of the new year meaning next week one day I want to go over and do it in person and get my pads and passport we knew to immediately because it's not something I feel comfortable kneeling off and it's you know waiting for it to come back the new one because with the way things are going in this country right now you have to keep your passport you have to be clutching it at all times you have to have it in your hand as much as possible and your passport too okay so maybe we'll get some advice on that because I don't even know where to go anymore because when I originally got my first passport it was in Hollywood somewhere the Hollywood post office on I don't know where I need nowhere I have no idea but somebody will know some a-sought there will know the information because I'm not going to mail it and I appreciate the fact you sent me all that stuff to mail it in I know you can do it I'm not going to do that I want to go down here get it right in my fat little hand 22 before level at 5.60 WQA and where did you find it right where you got it sports radio 5.60 QAF next time on Martha Stewart Living Martha gets busy with Hank the lawn man now we'll head out to the west lawn thanks been trimming around my hedges for several years now and today he's going to show us the perfect way to think of post I'm just going to go see the post next to the night 30 post hang thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you post him and begin packing it in good for Hank he's trying to miss his skills be next time for Martha Stewart Living okay 1042 at 5.50 WQA and Bill's improvion for Hank he's working hard in the yard with Martha yes here's North Miami hello yes sir I need a lot of you great happy new year thank you thank you which is one of the reasons why I called you I for months the all I come down every winter and I wanted to wish you happy anniversary because I would call last year I've heard you and I thought you were one of those refreshing and delightful people have had the pleasure of listening to it my life well that's what Dick Irving Jr says he's my number one fan by the way I'm curious yes he is I wish you were syndicated in Canada I think so to what I'd be I'd be big and Toronto the frogs in Montreal might not like me too much I'd be big and Toronto way well I'll tell you what the only reason why Stern was removed from the air Montreal yeah was it was all politics they said it was because Fox had an neighboring station coming at a Saturday night BSA they had a lot of nonsense going out versus the French and they were sort of being but in the end they didn't have to pull him off the air and I think that you're a much better thing they took him off in Montreal because he spoke English I think that would happen that's all you need to do not true as a matter of fact you know it's a very unknown fact but just as much as all is the second largest French speaking city in the entire world would you believe it's also the second largest English speaking city in Canada so you know what there's plenty of room for everybody irrespective of the problems I think you're one of the most knowledgeable people that I've had the pleasure of listening to and you're also a surprisingly knowledgeable when it comes to hockey more what I mean surprisingly known as one of the American famous nationality yeah and I think you know you're you're probably more knowledgeable and most Canadian people when it comes to that I'm sorry now you're getting carried away no no I'm serious the ally listen to we have a show a much we all on the radio station c-i-qc a-m-600 Mitch Melick and he's well aware of what you're all about and he enjoys you furthermore I pick you up on the internet every day between ten and two excellent well also we're going to be having a say on to Danny Gallivan little bit later on today oh my god Danny's going to be on with you also uh uh bill he would's going to be on foster he would's going to be in the one of two are yeah the oh I just wanted to say Danny Gallivan will probably along with foster he would uh go down and probably he's already immortalized in the a-nose of hockey descriptions uh we've enjoyed him way back when and I'll go I'll tell you I lost interest in terms of attending games because the places are just un-apportable you know you can go to the uh most of center which is a replacement of the old form and I promise you for two people the park the car have a little snack and fit down or sit in the tropsies you talk between two and two fifty for a night that's in for ask Canadian but still to go especially probably keep frogs up to them don't they won't put it up well wait to the city to know air Canada center by the way it's beautiful looks right on the outside I haven't well you don't you're funny they say it's gonna replace uh uh monumental place in Maple Leaf Gardens and probably will but you don't know what the truth is I was there last year it was a barn if wasn't like the forum to form uh had been refurbished well what was a barn the Maple Leaf Garden oh my god I can't believe you said that I go there all the time so it is not a barn it's still got all I can't believe you said that now you're letting your all allegiance getting your climbing guys at both Maple Leaf Gardens is uh the greatest place in the world the will you ever at the refurbished for my say we've heard that I've never been to Montreal I don't go there's too many frogs there's Neil the truth of the matter is that won't go into the whole politics you know what I mean yes but I will tell you this much brought to the corporate entity of Canada but once you all is still it's like comparing to that you know how people are feeling out of their like they got bad b.o. which I think I would have a great new year pal they'll all go down to the beach and Hollywood thank you very much get out here oh my god Maple Leaf Gardens is a barn this man oh Jesus well it's no macarine I'll tell you that can't even cover up the goal life there when a goal scored you actually see the goal life come on here Maple Leaf Gardens what's wrong with those bastards where we go I can't believe I how did I leave him on that long when he was ripping Maple Leaf Gardens here's a mobile in a four pierce fellow yeah Neil yes sir congratulations on your year thank you it's one year today December 30th on time really flew by do you believe that yeah yeah I got to take on this uh ticket situation on the dolphin tickets yeah I am on 30,000 seats that still aren't sold out and people are calling well I got him a new yelper corner you know I mean I what kind of lane crap is that well you know you're wanting guys you just spend my stress I think for the dolphins organization anyways but uh and there were I went through Jacksonville I don't know how to swim in the tickets there are playoff tickets are regular price get that regular not the league the league your wrongs are the league in fact I heard Dave Evans under this morning the league sets the prices for the playoff tickets yes I don't but all right what do you mean you don't how could he come on the year how could he go on the year and say that if it weren't true I mean I know people lie through their teeth but I'll get you make a statement like that if it weren't true the league sets the prices for playoff games well I'm Jacksonville's regular price you know there's gotta be there's something going on here you know I think it must be a tight for money but I you know yeah the things are really tough at that finger house he may not be able to have a new year's e-ported this year things are so tight he may have to go over to buddy nevand's house and celebrate you gotta try some hair transplants yeah hey but anyways no yeah in Buffalo maybe your god wouldn't splinters in his back though that could be his problem yeah hoppoll for their big game against the jet two weeks ago yeah there was about the same number of seats left and I challenge we and I think I just like we're all well some good he bought up yes I saw that I saw that and by the way speaking of that I want to tell people that have the small dish if you want to learn what a real great sports TV network is watch channel 313 watch empire watch fan TV on there watch the job that they do before the sabers game I mean that is a great great sports network uh empire above me my global price very good right you you know my right I don't know but I know who he is of course I mean he talks you've come down on the organization now like these butt kickers down here you know I will say one thing for my globalized but it got better let's then look hey I got a question we had a lot of progress yes sir oh so I'm here in the Rio with he born with a flower on his face or is that just after every play from script that's after he looked over and sees the Jimmy Johnson's the coach he starts from having great new your pal huh oh geez I just spilled water all over the place well must be these last couple of calls I almost got it I got my finger on the uh don't worry about it okay I'll take care of it I got lots of lots of cows here relax it's our one-year anniversary and get a little bit what I did what no I did not spill it in the board I spilled it off to the side see I'm not I'm not like what's his name there you're good friends Steve nose ring wasn't Steve nose ring it's still all the stuff in the board there you wonder if I've got doctor pepper yeah big a big golf doctor pepper he says no wonder brocated in like fours and huh she hates everybody well it's always somebody else is fault maybe that's why your show stuff go by because everybody else in the world makes you go stuff makes you sound like a jappy obnoxious yet they're from New York but that's only put on finger hers okay so the rick and suds the right I hope you're spreading the word about that because it's not a story it happens to be true and by the way I don't tell that I don't tell you that store with any great the with any degree of uh enthusiasm because I wish them only the best to luck they're good guys even Rick and I wish them all the luck in the world and of course being locked in there with queer channel they'll need it and being involved in any way shape performed with with peep bolder see let me just tell you that's here's a message for Rhanna wolf over there queer channel okay Rhanna I know you like me a lot you respect my talent you kiss my ass if I could work over there but the fact that you got a guy like Peter bolder as your henchman this tells me that you uh you know you guys over there haven't got a clue in addition of which is doesn't make any difference anyway because every clear channel station in America blows they have a got one good station on here in the country because they all are cheap they put all is syndicated garbage on there they got doctor Laura they got fat ass on there and that's it that's all they know is syndicated and anybody that they are paying money for the rights to their show if they're trying to avoid them down to a lower number anyway so they can give you all the big song to dance and all the flags that they want but the fact is it's a real cheap best outfit that even makes easily read look like the lack of the big spenders and that doing that is all the impossible oh seriously we never believe that that could be possible clear channel cheap obnoxious destroying people's lives and what did I tell what did I go on here and say three four years ago when i started when the FTC relaxed the rules and they allowed just a handful of companies to buy up all the stations i said it would be bad for the people in the business and would even even be worse for the audience no more creativity no more virginality no more paying people a big bucks to bring in some serious talent now let's just open up our pot and put some syndicated crap on there and see how many spots we can sell and that's what it's all about here's a mobile in north Miami hello yes sir yeah yes I am are you doing great good love you show happy anniversary and the same user happy new year means happy anniversary when it was okay hey i just want to tell you about that build the square that totally made me laugh because that place deserves to go out of business that is the worst crap out you ever go to not just because they're going out of business now you mean that particular one or all so that particular one yeah why nobody knows they're asking a home around in that place like you couldn't get a straight answer and it's a good thing i ran into that one guy who knew me in the place because if i wouldn't run into him i think i'd still be walking around you can't find anything in there it's just a mammoth junkyard you much better going to home depot anyway okay throw the toilet maybe i know how people collect stamps and coins maybe i should just start collecting toilet seats oh you make me laugh because if i could go back in the dumpster i got the original one that's so i got the one that i a little baby when i bought a came art i got the one from Walmart that's three i want to get my new one i'll have four oh it can have too many other people in America i have four toilet seats for the same toilet i just pictured you down there it's changed in the seat that that made me laugh you're done i'm behind the knees and you're in your bathroom changing the rim believe me after somebody's show some days i go in the bathroom and i'm on my hands and these all right listen have a great new year pal you too yeah right okay we have an open line and day one and brown fine like today it's our one year anniversary on this station i don't know that any uh words all our friends today happy anniversary neo we love it by that's it that's all it takes they don't care enough to send a very best to send a very worth to take one moment out of their busy busy day they're not busy doing anything in this town see that's the excuse oh well also busy i don't have time doing what doing what going to the store resting how many illegal aliens just came in on a bus don't tell me you're busy doing something in this town there's nothing to do here you play golf you play tennis you play tennis you play golf you go to the uh saw grass you go to a ball game not that you have an interest but at least it's so get out of the house that's it you go to south beach and get stone you watch the drug addicts posing down there that's it oh well we're hanging out of koko walk great that's pretty exciting oh man and what's that plastic place up there in bokeh i can never think of the name of what is that damn place up there what are always uh what are whatever that place is it's another rust saw grass another one these joints what is it bokeh you don't know either you never know i always ask you this you ever know don't put a bokeh well i don't either but i there's a place up there don't you remember David the a paramedic number him i remember him having heard from him in a long time is he gonna call wish me a happy uh anniversary uh of course not how about a roberto who disappeared we're gonna hear from him not finding lady is he no abandoned like a goddamn stepchild that's new Rogers man we still keep fighting we could fight and plug it along and pressing on it's quite the fact that they abandon you like you got the kuddies or something maybe there's kuddies on my toilet sheet that could be it i got an almond bowl and a white toilet sheet in fact wasn't that a song by Marty Robbins a white to something like that here here's a mobile and sunrise hello hello yes sir hey hi the morning happy anniversary and happy new year and happy birthday to me and happy as if you're birthday today yes sir well how do you like that and i got your takes and that were great great i the janty question is uh your city hall and plantation those past spots now oh yeah it was not called paperpot two or three weeks back about it are you cereal cereal now how does that do you have any idea how that works if i get my past if i take my present passport and i got my new passport photos can i go in there and get it like in one day i think i have no idea you know i study i saw the paper because i know you had mentioned good back about four months ago that was coming up right i was you know i didn't take her and i said because i know they all i had opened up they got one up there and browse someone then i saw that and take her excellent thanks for the good news all right okay there you go there's the guy that's got some information that i want i could get my new passport that the cares you for another 10 years oh boy i tell you any any of you walking around out there without a passport well you must be crazy you must be out of your mind your life must be on delay as in time delay from Texas okay you must be on slow delay because the Nazis are coming baby you can hear them marching in the goose stepping i'm maybe that's just a food on the way speaking of food it's our one year anniversary anybody offering food yet no i mean your result came i think i somebody still loves this now you know South Alconi was here a couple of days ago brought us a lot more solely water and i'll add the extra virgin olive oil all good stuff south to love this you'll found coney still love this over there and we're off office apply what is all our new plan or calendars for the coming year how may be bring by the way to excellent boy what a great guy he is also brought me a couple of new pens keep trying to settle that i you know they i think the operation what are they calling radio care autonomy not an either no and late the late the late the surgery yeah yeah you can throw away those glasses you can get yourself you know and the meantime i've got this this flu virus that's been going around we had it might i take my temperature it's normal but it feels like you've ever had that where your skin feels warm and you've got like aki uh aki breaky joins little flu virus then it's just it's just enough to be annoying not enough to go to the doctor not enough to take anything but just enough to be annoying it's kind of a good way to say goodbye to this god damn year of nineteen ninety what a year this was huh what a huh well it had it was had it's up to downs it about to not these running around talking about blow jobs and stains on blue dresses and all this bullcraft and that come to find out the not these were busy screwing their brains out too as if that was some big surprise tent at the seven at five fifty w q m bills didn't prefer ankle break today from two to six we got to know who that is no but meal Roger show now on five sixty w q a m Miami Fort Lauderdale this is the meal Roger show this is your brain any questions the following that is just a u.s. comment so that you can get your love that will can bring there's a so much time and it's over to just find you feel as though you're back you like breaking it right now it's a job you can't avoid the thing you've got never heard you got to spend your weekend just breaking it because you'll be breaking up the backyard all day breaking up your backyard with the greatest your breaking up the backyard and it's my breaking up your backyard that you take in white how do I always people I mentioned before were sure they're all out of time for the holidays I think that must be the reason that they're not no other not hey by the way guess what I got to buy the audience to the rest of the day today now we aren't given stuff away on the show you know ordinarily and it's worked very well the last few months we stopped doing that and again I think that's one of the best things that happened the new year that one caller who told me in very infatric terms stop giving crap away okay because these free loaders kill a guy damn show and you know something sir absolutely correct and since we stopped that feel much better about myself as a human being even buddy nevin likes me now you believe that no so at any rate we do but today is a holiday it's like almost a new year's eve and I don't want these stupid things I'm not gonna go and of course a lot of you don't want to pay for obviously because there's 13,000 unsolved tickets so let's do it by drawing okay about 130 will do a drawing and everybody who calls it wants to be on the list I got my personal pair section 217 row one seats the 9 and 10 and the purple preferred parking pass for the dolphins bills play off in this Saturday at pp park like that wow repary just to come in they're just like hot off the press the ink is still practically running on you that's how first these are and I'll give them away because I'm such a hell of a guy because I wouldn't go there if they if they paid me 500 bucks if they picked me up in a limousine paid me 500 bucks I wouldn't go there because I really don't care I have no interest if they win they win the super bowl maybe who knows and if they lose uh what about care I'm not gonna I'm not gonna faint interest and be a late late near bandwagon jumper even if they should want to go to the super bowl I'm not gonna be one of those people it's like the thing with the marlins two years ago was I put putting on a phony act I had stopped going to marlins games uh like the season before that am I gonna become like a uh one of those front running phony's at the end and jump on the bandwagon no that's not my style I'm not interested in that it's like a fake orgasm I mean you know maybe some of you are very good at that probably had a lot of experience to me it's uh waste of time so we'll put uh names on the list and we'll run 130 okay and just assuming of course that there might be some people in the audience who might want to go to that game for free and a purple parking pass how much of that would does I have a price on those tickets by the way 59 bucks 50 now I got news for it for a lower bowl hockey game is that you got those tickets ready giving 57 is that what you're reticulous they on there by the way look at the price zero oh no those are cops but I'm telling a lower bowl 57 bucks per ticket so this isn't too bad 59 and I have no idea where these are because I never gone to any of my uh well these must be club seats aren't they yeah these are club seats by the way whoo heavy dude that's right there it is club seats 217 row one seats 9 and 10 heavy duty baby somebody's gonna be going in serious style I'm Saturday and we still have an open line of date how do you like that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound it's my anniversary we got a pair of bills off and play off club seats to give away not knows bleed not way up in the corner that they can't sell for a lower money and we still got an open line in date county or somebody wanted us to keep doing all our appearances in date county by the way even our biggest investment and it turned out to be a plantation and our biggest borders turned out to be on the last weekend of anyway up in Palm Beach, Blighton Beach and Boca which shocks the crap out of me by the way if you had any idea how many people up there in Palm Beach are listening to show even what's your name even cheap pee or paddle on these I think she's got a pretty good idea here's my any hello yes sir hey happy anniversary thank you sir happy new year happy new year to you we'll lots of help at least on your level we'll lots of help and the same listen yeah about the uh the toilet the seat the white in it you long go to a promise applied place oh why a promise applied because there ain't no promise applied place anywhere nearby be done I know about it just you look at the end of the book on the I think or forgetting a toilet seat you probably shouldn't have to go to the old pages and look in the book and run around town it's not it's you know it's a toilet seat because some of these places they wouldn't measure you on the measure you right because they got uh hundreds of the thousands of them you're yeah right and your seat too yeah okay well anyway how about how the uh how do you do you do you do you do he say you do we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teela he didn't want to be on the list he just nice guy that was already on there they want to say happy new year and go get your thing measure I got news for sure I'd be too embarrassed to get my thing measured here's a highly a hello hello yes sir are you doing sir okay it's uh is a five ninety five guy with a firm grip oh yeah are you doing sir I got a nearly drove me off the road in the tow truck yes sir maniac happy anniversary oh no wait a minute you know it's funny you mentioned that because I was just telling Georgia about how my right wrist and I don't have a lymph wrist can spider what they think my wrist is killing me and you know something and never dawn on me the day that I shift your hand is since that day my wrist has never been the same again I think you yanked my thing out of drop come on I'm Tanya you got a grip I mean unbelievable couple things they have to be running for governor um well first thing uh happy anniversary and happy new year and the same wife madam it because I told George happy uh one year anniversary and she's mad because I never told a married Christmas yet yeah okay okay share this request yeah anything you play the right with me now okay yeah I'll go one and then join your show I'll see you on a road pal bye okay and don't shake it's a hard next time in my handy there we have an open I'm serious but this guy's got a grip I mean there's some people you know you make judgments about people based on their grip I have like you know an ordinary uh not a real lympho with the a saggy uh thank God handshake not like a wet noodle like that's bad you ever shaking hands or somebody's got like a wet plan oh boy bob kneel oh yeah bob kneel from Atlanta from Cox Broadcasting little wimpy guy with little wimpy hand and little wimpy wet handshake clammy yeah and does he he also gives you one of those too oh man yeah I use the same finger but I did something different with it when we left I give one of these when I had that last meeting oh I have better things to do than come down here and you know pass along information like this like we're selling you the passion what an ungrateful little pricky was you know that bob kneel up there in Atlanta I'm second-tired of having to do a lot pretend to kiss their answer but they're at Cox Broadcasting I'm tired of it I mean no we got uh some people over there who are friends uh friends like uh you know loosely wow what are you smoking about it's true fair weather friends and they're listening right now Bob and she'll all over there listen right now they got nothing else going on in that building and you know they've admitted to me it's as boring as dog poop in that place since uh i od is out of their picture out of their life boring they got the coast and how 105 in fact a logo I both stations just show somebody a sleep that's how boring it is even they have to go and keep poking Johnny darken the armpit to keep poking him up to read those liners again at the on the coast it's 87 along with code jays how's he doing by the way he's still an asshole Johnny dark huh here's parkland hello hello yes just want to wish you uh happy uh anniversary thank you and uh one of those listeners is the listener T-sense and here W snooze wow yeah really back in the days of the holiday the back in the days of like holy Joe and Dr. Jan Delos yeah that's holy Joe and then all the other guys try to steal away holy Joe and I think he met his make her up in a sky I think he went to that big south beach in the sky or something anyway I got one shameless request yeah a greatest song since Rick Riley stole my briefcase gov okay hey you got it okay that's good no you know nobody wants to be on a list maybe that's why I did not sell too many dolphin tickets nobody cares nobody wants to go even for free they don't want to they want to change the wind i'm all they got to do is sit on their ass they still don't care which is fine with me you want to have to do a scalpel of course how can you scalpel something when uh you know the game isn't gonna be sold out that's yeah you know scalpel I even have I scalped them for 30 bucks a piece I wear a exploding ball oh guilty talking on a board show trying to be my Joe your boy sounds just like a set of year-old girl i live for tow show what else are you careful guilty dancing talking like a baby who needs a little driving like a new answer you don't have a manreboost of rubbish to tell me I'm So sports can wait till your voice cracked Well, if anyone who sounds like that should find another job And say you'd only say you back when both your BBs drop I'll carry Stalky When you're gonna grow up Give me, because you wanna grow up You silly, winky fool Go to broadcasting school You're free, you'll bet this boy Thank you Now die, die, die You're a pot You're a pot You're a pot 15-5-50 W2M2M2M2M I just have very briefly The Lambo Leaf, Lee-Wye Butler, was the first packet of the stands in 1993 in the gaming industry and the Raiders and teammate Robert Brooks Soared with it the next season It's not used as much anymore But any celebration involving the fans get time marks say the answer is it's sporting news Who treat all of this is, though, of course It's really entertainment and that we love it The Mile High Salute, Terrell Davis and the Broncos brought some class to touch down celebrations With a simple salute And now it's seen from Elliott Street to Sesame Street And of course, Yarmor Yager and Pittsburgh stole that When he scores a goal for the penguins The Adurney Bird here we go The Falcons foul play has both players and fans in the stands Flapping their wings Its popularity has flown as high as the numbers in the wind column this season And the Adurney Bird, just my fly right to Miami for the Super Bowl And it's no wonder where Dan's crazy popular with this team Billy by Tuesday Johnson works in the front office Which brings us to the wobble Johnson was truly the NFL's first showman It says, for this touchdown celebration in the 70s and 80s A dance in which he's scissored his legs and rolled the ball up as arms and down his neck He had kids in school yards and playgrounds Everywhere emulating his whimsical moves How sad that is The funbunce, the 82 Redskins had fun all over the Super Bowl 17 Formed as a sign of unity that receivers would pick up the slack And the weight of an injury to hard monk The funbunce celebrated touchdowns by forming a circle Jumping in unison and high-fiving each other Occasionally an parent player, preferably a cowboy would be caught in the middle The funbunce's routine led the league to put in the rule in 1984 That was supposed to limit end zone celebrations to spikes But unfortunately didn't work The home or heave, no they didn't have catchy nicknames back in the 60s But giant slide receiver, home or Jones is credited With being the first to spike a ball after a touchdown Yeah, let's take care of him, okay Won't do it no more The right way chiefs wide receiver, L-Mull right is the grand daddy of the end zone celebration On November 18th, 1973 Right scored on a long touchdown pass from Lany Dawson And began running in place with his knees pumping in arms turning He finished it off with a spike and the rest is history The Ikki shuffle, the NFL put the kabach on the dance The Bengals Ikki would perform to the end zone a series of hops As he shifted the ball from hand to hand It didn't matter he just performed it on the sideline And into the lower of Super Bowl 23 The boxer returned man, Vi's Sikahima originated this move with the Eagles in the early 1990s But only 49ers linebacker Ken Norton Jr had the pedigree to probably padding around the goal post Standard after an interception return The California Quake in the early 1980s, the kaboys boots Johnson shot off Mejnory 6 guns In the way imaginary spoken put his guns in an imaginary holster An outlaw image eventually outlawed by the NFL And of course the funky chicken, 49ers safety, Merton Hanks Employers, Harky Jerky hit an upper body movement after an interception Also known as the Quake in Shrek, also known as real embarrassing Oh god, so there you go There's the history of all these very ethically stereotypical and disgusting What's Johnson always white which is why they didn't cut about Here's a mobile in Miami, hello How you doing Neil? Okay sir First time caller, it's one wish you happy new year Thank you I'm an all-ably city Miami this morning and let me tell you if people don't hear Yeah Anyway, you can get me out to a Panther game I haven't been to the new arena What do you mean? I'll get you out to a Panther game, what does that mean? What do you got some tickets for show them? For the Panthers? Yeah No Okay, we have an open line of day five six to the other day We got a Panther game, they're playing the bills and the dolphins That should be one hell of a contest Five six to seven, oh five six to this overhead blows today Maybe that's why I'm gagging and choking because Somebody patching you up at the levels again and here's that the problem Yeah, overhead sucks today Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay sir I got one ticket for the Panthers on the radar Yeah, can I hook them up with the Panthers in a radar, right? Hey Neil, finally got my watch to listen to you because the Buffalo Bill Yeah, that's that Maybe you must go see the Carolina Panthers, maybe that's it You don't get a gas station I'm not shinning the back Yeah, I do well. I want to request to get a listen to all you can eat and eat Girl guy Okay, have a great day pal No way We're not going to keep playing the same stuff over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and get day after day after day after day After day even though it is the holidays the answer is sure even though I hope you have a great new year the answer is no Okay, let's do Miami, hello Miami Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay sir You know, number one, the money can lift her See, I'm your vacation Right, and I heard you are listening to all the internet every day And have a little more friends listen to you, it says little mango So I would like to suck up for those tickets if I may Okay, I'm going to let you know if that can't get to guarantee the tickets but I'd be putting you on the list On a similar request to your nail Yeah, if you can place it to the whiskey Into the one ski Happy new year, a double ass Okay, hello, okay, there's our first guy on the list into the one ski is actually on here I think they should use some other side Try to jump on a man-ee I think he should try and kick his story On the other side, he should try and kick him No one could grab this On the other hand, then he should screw your  Like himself to run into these guys Just like he's a loser Oh, and Neil Come on Robo Oh, look Well, now don't you tell me to lie. I look that motherfucker sick fat dad. The start of the news that can't deny a hateful big in hair rip off. You, yeah, who? Who do? My president's a juice was squirted on you. Love a motherfucker. I'm at old old path. I wrote that voice that grill is down. Nick and I were not gonna embellish him. I couldn't have pissed a fat of him, bro. Feeling patriotic, I got my black coat closed. I'm a whole glorious nearly choke. When she's not done, I'm a bit fat. Well, they started to scream like an ordinary family. Illarid man, out of my knees, into the whiskey and don't go re- Into the empty mouth of a man, you can tell me to lie. You can tell me to lie to me, my fellow men, you can tell me to lie to me. You were so report, I really can't call. I'm a president, not a friggin' post. The time is now, and I'm coming, please. Back up, boys with Cherokee, the boys on the hill see the main yin' beast. Or again, suspect at two time at least, Time to hire a cut, quick to these legit. If you didn't spit, they must be quick. When my candidORion's time just blows. I'm jumping hell of a rease like I'll potato. Never stop the hell, read the dollar. No, she's all a gith, busy with january, no. Instead of as a once, call me a bump. I'm out of got sprux, but I should not come. Scared that this motherfucker's a stand. Could be general ball map can nace stand. Ma-ila-amahip-y-s Boydman-fie-bicy-o- cad- ey-kar- blush. A class-issue-all-i--q-a-y-k-p-a-ay-s-b-d-eye-al-. Think of a cigar-whoof hinge-to-stick. You think effix-happy thought-girls like man and wife. when we saw the throwing out the name of your friend, clean it, be out to a permanent friend. I got a little speaker now ready to a dip, sparking it does, who would lend the strip, checking out the booze I'm ready to pop or everybody, I'm letting my pants eat your ass. 11 22 at 5.50, WCU, I'm so the guy that I put on hold just now, don't want him to hear that. Happy New Year, sir, but I put him on hold. So we still haven't anybody on the list, which is good. Because, you know, I'm next couple of hours. I mean, how many names can we get on? So maybe if anybody, maybe just nobody wants these guy damn playoff tickets. Maybe that's why you ask, oh, it's got 13,000 sold seeds, because maybe the interest is minimal to an existing. Is there a possibility that's true? Here to be. Here's Hollywood, hello. Welcome, Leo. Yes, sir. This is an old chronic call and you wish you had the anniversary. Yeah. I don't know if you recognize the voice. I'll give you a few minutes. But I'm listening. I'm listening. OK. Now, I don't want to go on the list for the tickets. As far as the call. Who is this? This is Stubby. Oh, my gosh. He must have had a learning strength, but it's not like he's stubborn. Oh, really? I'm still talking to him in our garage. So I'll show him something. That's probably the crappy phone that I'm not talking to. Well, that must be it. Yeah, that's always a good way to disguise your voice to real crappy phone. There you go. I could have one little special request. Yes, Debbie, for our driving and juke in players, play the complete OJ, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I think. Maybe the only call. And you notice by the way that the not slanting lady she's a bad of this and the Roberto that used to make all those tapes. He's a bad of this. There you go. Yeah. You know, I sit around here with nothing to do. I'm not that busy, so I figured I'd give you a call. I came here trying about the nobody's calling. Yeah, I don't forget you, my buddy. OK, I'm listening. OK. All right, say how to K? OK. Ask you. Remember Stubby K, is anybody my friend? Oh, man. Everybody really really really is about that. That's the thing, man. Because you know, the sale, my three-bap fold. You know, and then the boys, and then the boys, they were like, I can't hold food, and then the men. I tell you, man, I'll do a crazy. We're so round, easy and roll. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't know what time it's over. I'm going to tell you, man. And he said, one of them all, you know, they're going to call the judge. Final boot. You know, Bobby said, man, all those bumps, really. That, I didn't do no, no. He said, one of them, I'll check you later. He said, man, oh, nation, we're going to do a song. He didn't even saw it. So I put down there. I didn't do no, I ran the back of the end. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. I just didn't do no with a night, one of them, man. You're welcome. I'm 25 at 5.50 in WDQM. Bill Zimfer for Hank this afternoon, until a clock that's no laughing matter. We got Josh Friedman at 6. We got Yeldy at 7 for the pregame, sure, with a panties and ping 170 tonight. And Tom Jika, good old-world-balldy, Tom Jika will be on for Red Capital after the game tonight. And by the way, if you call George and he has something to be on the list off the year, the answer will be. No, no, no. Well, a lot of people waste their time doing that. There's absolutely, is there any chance that we're going to put their name on list that they don't come on a year and talk to me? No. Okay. So after you asked George, can I be on the list of your mind and the list, the answer will be. No. And then you hear a dial tone real quick. Or maybe he'll say yes and you'll still hear a dial tone. Man, oh man, what a bunch of anal retentive. It's 11.26 in the guess what we still have nobody on the list. Alright, this is outstanding. I smell something, so it must be eating. Are you on the Canadian, aren't you? I'm a small bit of a scar. Oh. Well, that's great, because I'm going to talk about next right now. What timing, man? This man, he is the master of falling into a bucket of crap. That's right. I am. I'm the master by falling into all the time. This pot's not good, it's great. Oh, man. Where he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made horse. And then I can start the term, see their box. Means the herd may get stars report in lead to go in blind. The living he was working hard late night in the ovary of this. Working on a practical joke. He took a matching noodle, put an exploding, loaded for my girl with blow and rings the smoke. Feels the gods and Hanukkah's a giant of. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way gold, my necko is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and herb a giant she's no mine. For people feel that Hillary's been made a full of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was morning morning. I'll go and her with build a bomb. Feels the gods and Hanukkah's a giant of. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes it way gold, my necko is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and herb a giant she's no mine. What's your gotta do is take a sip of it all over. Every friggin' time he makes it way gold, my necko is not the kind you can do in the behind. Okay, so I'm the 32 and I'm gonna believe this. I better stay something. I just gotta make sure it's almond. I'm gonna get a long heated almond. I'll give the money to her. So there's another 105 bucks for center one. How do you like this? A god damn almond toilet seat. A long heated. Oh my god, life is worth living now. Beez. Peanut what is it? Okay, 26 till noon is 560 WCM. That is fantastic. So there we go. We just roll them along singin' the song. We want end of Wayne Arles. We're gonna provide some food for us today. I saw Wayne in my mobile station on a familiar road a couple of days ago. Wayne was a pump again and the gas too. And I was pumping it in the gas too. And I looked over and I said to myself, there's Wayne Arles. Hey Wayne how you doing? And he kind of like wandled over Wayne. You're kinda loose him weights. We've heard you're a great guy but man. Wayne's looking a little on the rough side. How about a resolution for the new year, Wayne huh? How about like a cleaning up your act a little bit. Wayne is looking a little on a rugged side. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, me. Yes sir. Can I get a lift for this? Yeah. For this? Yeah. No. Okay, we have an open line of fire. Fire is the overhead like turned off or something. I mean I can just barely hear this damn thing. I want to turn up like real lives because then we'll get feedback with the calls. The overhead that I got up like twice as loud as usual out there. We go, stay out. Jesus Christ. Now we'll make it a little bit of progress. That's not too good. It's more of this great equipment we got here at QA and Bay. Hey, at least we're in a nice clean building here where you can almost eat out the floor and we will be in a little while. When we get our big one, your anniversary celebratory meal from lean Arnolds. And by the way, feel better. Murray Murray from lean Arnolds is home sick today. Feel better Murray. Feel it. Probably been hanging around with Wayne too much. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'll go there. The line would you be speaking now. What was that? I'm delivering some boxes here at the place that I work with. I hear what you said, you said, Mama, something rather than I should have come on. Listen. Yeah. I got that that the small dish. You're going to come on here. Oh my god. That is the best thing ever made. Yes sir. I'm being able to hold you. The picture, the sound, everything. It's a picture. You're so clear. You can practice the rewitch in here. Exactly. Travel. That's right. Yeah. Listen. I want to send the best to you and your mom for the new year. Your mom, yeah. Okay. And can I get on that list? Yes you can. How do you like that? Thank you very much. And you're mama too. Hang on. Okay. Okay. There's one. There's one. I did put them on hold. Because I put that other guy on hold. Too many hungrappy disability. Probably his heart wasn't in it. I don't think so. I'm not excited. I'll do people over there at the PPP Park that are waiting for the big long lines to us. Because I know most other places as soon as they announce a playoff game, you know. People are online. You know, the minute that they're going to open up the box office hours and hours before they're lining up by the thousands. And within a matter of a couple of hours, all the tickets are sold. Did that happen here? No. I mean, the four morning guys this morning, you got to put that poor guy on. He's begging and pleading and squeezing. Please buy some tickets. Won't you please buy? No. Come on. We have an open line in Broward 5670550, pump 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Neo Roger this. I got news for you, buddy. Never need your heart out. You little faker. Okay. You little piece of turd. You little scraggly piece of human garbage. I guarantee you, nobody ever brought Wayne Hypinga a long-hated toilet seat right to his Posa. Wow. And it's the right color to it's an almond. Is that fantastic or what? That's not the first time that guys brought stuff. And here by the way, he's a great guy. And we know his name. No. No. He's a good and great listener. He's got a Panthers tattoo on his arm. So he's all American all the way around. Bring me in a goddamn almond to a toilet seat. I feel so excited about him. I'm ready to do a honor right now. In fact, if we had Jeff Cohen come to the day instead of the other place, probably in about 45 minutes like it, you were right on there now. Instant response at the pizza loss. That's right. By the way, did I mention that Fat Rich fell down and the busted is knee all off the Pompatau Park Monday night? And then I hear. Huh? And then I get a call yesterday home with the whole story about, well Kevin, he been on Kevin Wallace in the horse broke going to the starting 80 went running up to cancel a meds and he was right in the window yelling that there are cancel. And I've had anyone took a tumble in a gigantic fall and his knee swallowing up like a guy named watermelon. He said, just a couple of the waiters up there tried staring to chew on it. What? Well, we got, you know, with all of Joel up there, they know it's just a joke. There's great guys. I bet you Anthony wasn't chewing on it and you're neither rich, okay? I don't Anthony. But in any way, so if I were to have a little bit of a problem, look at the schedule now, I see tomorrow we got the New Year's Eve, of course, the track is always open, but Northville down, simultaneous casting at four in the afternoon over there and Detroit, I guess they were doing a little bit early in Detroit because everybody better be in real early on. You can see the Detroit, you know, and we're talking about. How'd I get in Miami? Anybody going out for New Year's Eve in Miami this year? No. Good idea, probably good choice. Well, speaking of Pomp and O'Park, again, he specways ran into falls into it. What's this schedule tonight here? So let's see, in 21 minutes, we got milk for the High Life Simon, casting at Pomp and O'Park, we got three-hole harness racing 1230 without Jackie Lee, the overdons at 430, Northfield at 7 o'clock from Cleveland, Daniel High Life, 715, metal-ancer 730, and I'm sure there's some more, but it's on the bottom of another page here somewhere. Oh, here it is. Let's see, let me match up the day to the younger 740. No, it's not. Monticello, I can't make it out. Nice going, Kira, you stifled in metal-ancer 730, Monticello 730, made with from Chicago Way 3, and of course live on track racing tonight and tomorrow at the Pomp and O'Park. Now what about the rest of the schedule? She didn't send me any. Okay, like I said, and then of course Friday, and on the closed Friday, New Year's Day. Look at this, I got on 17 different pages here from my good friend Kira, over there at Pomp and O'Park. By the way, be sure and stay close to Ohio and I'm a good close personal friend, David Harrell. Anybody know David Harrell or Pomp and O'Park? Stay away from me, David, okay, that's a New Year's resolution. Usually adopting right now, stay very far away from Uncle Leo. He doesn't want to see you. He doesn't want to hear from you. Don't give him a long-time home phone number to eat more assholes, okay? And have a real happy New Year, far away from me, David Harrell. So let me say it again. We got a simultaneous thing and the live racing today and tonight. And again tomorrow, close Friday for New Year's Day, and then we're opening Saturday with both of the above. At Pomp and O'Harrings, Plunge your brain to us. This is 560, you A.L. Sports Radio, 560, you A.L. You're up and back. Yeah. Oh, I'm a year. I'm a teaching to my teacher. I'm a teacher. I'm a teaching to my teacher. I'm a teaching to my teacher. Now, swinging, free, two, three, four, three, five, five, five, five. But now we've spent that bad at this, that's what we're all about. I'm a teacher. I'm a teacher. I'm a teacher. Are you a teacher? We don't know how. We don't know anything. We're told because we don't know how. So brush our teeth. Don't come our air. We don't even wear clothes. We don't know what make you clean. You wear a brush. My blood's empty. I'm a dear. I'm a kiss. I'm a kiss. I'm a kiss. Now we're done. No matter. Well, be as we just look to drop for all. Well, don't. We don't make you laugh until we're back. Then we'll lay down. Scratch our butt. Then watch who I'll turn red. Oh, I'm a morpheus. You're a morpheus. You're a morpheus. You wear almost this doll. They run and want to be at the top of the cat house or so. Or cow. We're smelly. And we like it. And we've heard that things you said. No, no, no. And we can't wait. But our will is on your head. Oh, I'm here. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. Oh, no. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. We're a morpheus. Okay. September 15th will have a fire. It's five species. WDC and attack race by the way. You're the only person in the world. I know who would go to the track. Have an accident like that. And call you to tell you about it. And have to give you a rundown of every race. Who won by how many lines they catch to triple for five of their bugs? And Brad Kramer won the first two races in Northfield Down. And the Kevin was going to the gate in the horse broke and he ran up to cancel a bet and he's double in felon's big fat knee. It'll fat rich reminds me of my mother but not quite as neuronic. Here's Miami. Hello. New York. Yes sir. New York's the high priest of the NHL or you. Okay. Listen, first year that I've given out all gifts from center one the new cities. Right. I've never gotten such a good response. I like gifts everybody loves. I think I've gotten you at least to a four more listeners and giving those gifts because you're not going to be close to the lotion in the basket. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And most of the people are giving them to one of them. That's a half of the people are giving them to. Didn't even listen to you but they started listening. Sense. Well, when you work on a radio station that's so big into promotion. This one. You know, all the AM stations that I've worked at is I buy a more AAM. We don't promote. We don't want to spend the money and you know, we like it nice and small and convenient. That's true. Can I get my list? Yes sir. You got a hangover account. Have a great new year. You too. Okay. Put that guy. He said you too. So we can't spend in their Irish. Well, I don't have nothing against the Irish. It's just that Irish music. You know, and then of course the Scottish with the bagpipes. Oh, sorry. Where we're going? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Nice talking to you. First time caller. All right. You make last so bad. Guys here at work. They just look at me like that. That's wrong with that guy. Yeah. I'm trying to convert my wife. She's still not. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. I want to tell you a little thing. Last week, not this last talking game, but the one before I guess the inventory game. So I'm sitting there and between periods and people are coming up as they always do them. I'm sitting. I sit on the end in my row. And so a guy says, hey, Neil, how are you? Love your show and a guy behind him, which I don't know a friend of his is brother and he, you know, and it was obviously the woman behind them. These three people are together. The point I'm making. Okay. So the two guys, they both take my hand. Love your show. And the woman behind was one of their wives. And I look and she looked at me. And I looked at her because, you know, I try to be reasonably friendly. I said, hi, how are you doing? She gave me a look. I'm telling you, like I had just done a, right on the scene. You know, what it was with these women. I don't know. Don't they have a goddamn sense of humor? I don't know what's wrong. But no, she's not like if you were to come or we want to go to you, she'll say hello. Yeah. Very friendly. I know that. She's just not yet getting to, you know, to, about your humor and the way you come across. Anyway, I wanted to call you. And thank you for that. For the entertainment is just great. Yes, sir. And, uh, wishing you a happy anniversary. Right. And happy to hear. And finally, yes. shameless request if you were to put me on the list. Yes, I will. Thank you very much. I mean, I suck job like that even Monica would be proud. No, no, you're really good. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay. Okay. So, no, you really are good. Even if you don't believe it. Okay. Where is she? Whatever line he's on, he's on there. She's on there. I'm not giving stuff away any or any more except as one day, I'll make that exception like Michael did for K and the movie. I'll make just this one time. He can ask me about by my business. Because I'm not going to the game and it will be a shame. I mean, what would be the point? That would be a stupid thing on my part. These are club seats for the big extra, what am I saying? I'm so excited. I'm almost well big. The big playoff game between the dolphins and the bills on Saturday at P.P. Park. Section 217 were one seats nine and ten. And the purple preferred parking pass. Which gets you right inside up close and personal. And you don't have to pay any money. You don't have to park 50 miles away. So there you go. I'm going to give away. We'll do the drawing at about one thirty and so far. Very few names on list. So if you do get on there, you might have a pretty decent chance that you're winning the goddamn lottery. Here's my me, Bill. You know how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, I got a bunch of stuff to talk to you about. But I also want to be on the list. Okay. Wait, wait. Okay. You know what? Okay. The other day I'm going to say, well, what would you going to wait? Wait. Well, I don't know what you're saying. Well, I don't know what you're saying. Well, I get to listen every once in a while. And I heard you talking about the toilet seat at the day. You know, when I was in college, every time I ever moved, which is just about every other semester, man, the first thing to go was that old toilet seat. And the new one and the hardest thing was the one to remember. You know, do you have the long one? Do you have the short one? So I could definitely sympathize when you were talking about that. I had a feeling that you were in the chat. But you're fat as I am. You're in the shower. You stand down. You can't tell if you got a long one or short one. Well, you know, I had a Christmas party last week. I had a fat guest at my house. Yeah. You used the toilet seat kneel and they split the toilet seat in the middle. Like, where you've like goes, like they were so fat they cracked the seat. And I didn't realize it's a lie sat down on it and it pinched me and it actually true blood. Believe it or not. And the reason why I'm sucking around today is at my work, you know, we have direct deposit, you know. And so you turn on the money. You're being there Thursday so you don't have to pick up the check on Friday. Like everybody else, well, the girl that does direct deposit, she's going to take off extra day for Christmas. So no one's getting paid to New Year's and everyone is broke. This can be. And I would have called in order to take it to myself, you know, I'm on my, you know, my debit card. But I have to suck around. I have no other way of getting to see it. I'm not going to get paid until the second of the third of you. Okay. Can I be enlisted? Okay. Okay. David J. Niel's a loser. Okay. Okay. He's on to put him on. There you know, I do it reluctantly. What is all that stuff you've got there? What are you doing? What are you posking around now? I'm giving what are you bunch of crap. I think what he's already got plenty of crap. Right. Guy on to want to be on a list. I just thought I mentioned that in passing. Okay. Where we going? Here's a mobile in a bointon beach, shallow. Yeah. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Listen to you for years and years and years and years. You've been sick my day. Happy New Year. Happy anniversary. I got fired on Monday. Are you the guy that called and told me you got fired? I'm Monday. I'm a guy that got fired. I'm only not. I'm a second guy that got fired. I'm Monday. I'm not going to. I just want to talk to people and boy for the people and pop it out. They can go suck off because I get back on my sheet. You guys stick. That was you. Okay. By the way, uh, can I sit down on the list? Yeah. Okay. Hold on. I said suck off by the way too. I know it's kind of a muddy phone. I just wanted to clarify. So everybody makes sure they understand it. Okay. That guy, where ever to tell you is, he's on. I want to be on it. I just mentioned that in passing because then I'll what he's in there bugging the hell out of you. And just serving our show. Okay. Where we going? Here's a mobile and pop in our Hello. Hey, you know how's going? Okay, sir. I just want to wish a happy anniversary and I really enjoy your show. Thanks, sir. And I got your best and you'll take both of volume one of volume two. I really enjoy it. I got a couple of my teenage friends with you. And I was wondering if I could suck hard enough to do dolphin pick it. Okay, hold on. Okay, see the people that said don't do this on your own. They're right because these people are nothing to say. That's why it's a killer because they're, you know, they're trying very hard to say something. And they say the same thing. Everyone says the same thing and you're great. And we love you with the babana. Turn you out of my brother and law. My boyfriend and my girlfriend and my girlfriend and my goal for you. She and my, your palm, Iranian. And you know. And it's a terrible, it's a killer nowadays. The holidays. We don't really give a crap on the listener. Not at this time of the year because there's no ratings. And we're just going through the motions. I'll be very honest with you. I'm the only one who'll tell you that. These other assholes are come on there. Pretended like working their ass off and really, you know, Kill them themselves to entertain the audience. Not really. I mean, I'm here. I might as well be here, you know, like tomorrow. I could just as easy take off tomorrow. In fact, I was going to go to Vegas for the long, New Year's holiday weekend. But why don't I want to do that? I went away last weekend. I'm getting too old to keep going on these long trips. Weekend after weekend after weekend. I'm just getting too old for that. I have to must do a little bit of strength and energy. So the next trip, I got a little bit of something build up. If you catch my drift. Oh, here is a mobile in Florida City. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. You want to hear a story about Gary Glythera Composer of your favorite rock and roll phone? Yes. I found a paper a couple of months ago that, you know, now I guess he gets some of the royalties from that song that he wins, you know, in somewhere in the middle of England and some big mansion. And, uh, let's go get him. Exactly. Exactly. He's a raken of everything from our annoyance. But anyway, his computer takes a dump one day. So he calls in the technician. So they computer's taking this off. Um, the guy comes in, pops open the heart drive and find Kitty corn on it. Really? So, oh yeah, I read about that. Thank you. Gary gets dragged off to jail. Right. Kitty corn. So he was thinking, uh, he only does Michael Jackson's but he only, uh, tells forms of pedophile, uh, useful food. Oh, right. There you go. Oh, man. Anybody deserves it. It's Gary Glitter. I did read that. So that leads to a reply. Yeah. I don't know if you can see that Michael Jackson's Yeah. Yeah. I can find why the week is just five later. Yes, sir. And, over to the weekend I get on the list. Okay. Okay. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Alright. Ready, A. Thank you. God is that thing in one. And they just don't get the message. Man, of course, it's just the fans. If you would eat it, you know, no matter where it is in America, they crank that thing. Hey, you know, they, they just here with their like automaton. As soon as that thing goes on, hey, they react like Pavlov's dog with a little bell, you know. And it's part of that same syndrome. I've been telling you about it. As long as they keep playing that and, uh, you know, make a lot of noise. And you think you're having a great time. Even if for what's going on out there is garbage. If it is the worst, if it's pathetic. Like most of the panther home games, although it's getting a little bit better now. I wouldn't get too excited though. I should mention it passing. You know, we beat the islanders in that game. Five, one, two, that's ago. They weren't half of day last night. I got shut out, treat, and nothing. My bill ran for it. Who looked like a combination of Marten, brodoor, uh, dominek Hashik and the Patrick Frog and his best days all put together. It looked like Jacques Plant and Johnny Bower in their heyday. Put together. That's how good he looked against the prosthetic and the islanders. If I were my mill, where I'd be getting my resume, I'll write now and tell you that. They stuck. So just try to keep it perspective. That's all I'm saying. I don't want to pee on our parade, but keep it in perspective who we're beating. Here's your field, be. Chelle. I knew how you doing. Great. Just want to let you know that everyone on my family now and now has the best of new cities. So we contributed to $240 to the, uh, center one. Oh, right. So that's good. And, um, the reason why I'm calling is I'm a 20 year old guy and I've got a little problem. I'm visually impaired. Yeah. And I've ripped, I've never done this before. But nevertheless, um, my me and my dad are big, big, kind, dolphin fans. Right. It would be an excellent surprise to him if like you just be on the list and have a chance. Okay. Let's give you a shot. Hang on. Thank you. I'm putting him on the list. Okay. In big letters. Okay. We're checking our list and checking it twice to see all other bull crap. Okay. And give those tickets away. So somebody can actually have a good time because nobody's going to go out there and buy those tickets. Are they? No. I mean, they just don't want to spring loose a lot on money for Christ. Especially. And, you know, a woman called the award team this morning, she made a good point. Of course, she didn't want to admit that this is not a sports time of the game with the way it's, which is not. And the fact that the TV station had a biofummy game this year. At least two that I can recall, or the TV station that was going to be televised and had a biofummy last two, three, four thousand seats so they could televised and not have a blackout. However, it's also right on the heels of Hanukkah and Christmas and New Year's Eve party getting in the way here in the middle of all of this. And, you know, a lot of people are tapped out. A lot of people going out there spending a lot of money on expensive toilet seats. People are tapped out now. So maybe not everybody in the world's got two, three, four hundred bucks to crop up for the tremendous experience of going out there and watching the bills and the dolphins. And now the bills and the dolphins on Saturday at PPP Park. So we'll try to help you out. But needle Rogers show now on five, 60 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. You can kiss my rear end. Hey kids, are you tired of unable hood boys? Yes, don't worry lunch money. I shut up kid and tell ya month to hold the mail next time. Six times, fight back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no. Just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new shark cab candy bars. Sharky? Yes, it's a new candy bar. Feed entirely from recycled cow dung. Garen tea to turn your stomach. So next time. All right, did Gimeo launch. No, no. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy. Okay. Cool. Ah, this tastes like shark. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We got a lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take the bite of that shark cab bar. All right, 12-0 to 5-60 WQAM. That's just an honor for our one year anniversary. I think it's something to up nicely here. Oh, you owe me a answer. And again, we apologize that's profusely for being totally ignorant. Not a touch. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You owe me a answer. And again, we apologize profusely for being totally ignorant. Not a touch with reality. That big mess on 95 yesterday. Which we should have been here telling you in warning you about them. And we were not. Are we really sorry about that? No. Well, I mean, it sounds good. It sounds real sincere. Now, we should know about this. Up here's fingerman. I've had you eat as we give a crap. How you doing, sir? Hello? Yes, sir. I've gone to a close. I want to. I want to do. I'm happy. I'm here. Thank you, fan. I got your card too. Thank you for that. That's pretty nice. I'm having it for time now. Now, was that your finger or Michael Keynes inside? No, I have it for time. We got the Holy. Yeah. Did you prove to or you? Can I be on the least? Well, I don't. Yeah. You said yes? You never let strong. Hold on. That song. Your fist is on my list. Okay. Hang on. Okay. Okay. I lost. Okay. Flutters finger on a list. Okay. Maybe his name too. That's fingerman. Who came up with one of the great lines in this video. I'm going to show you the show. It felt like a finger. That's with father or tooltooled him. Okay. And he somehow survived it. Here's a Pabito Beach, yellow. And you'll have the holiday. Thank you. Sure. And I'm not going to thank your chain. I'm not calling with any stories or stuck around. I really want to be on your list. I'm a loyal listener. I like listening to you. But I'm just not a big caller. But I really have that much to say. Yeah. Why not? Well, make something up. Tell us. I told you that. Tell us that you're wouldn't toilet seat broken. You got a splitter in your room. I don't know. Something like that. Like that. I like the toilet seats with the cushion. I totally hate it. And how can people do that? I don't know. You have company over and big people sit on. They leave something. Oh, it's crazy. Yeah. Exactly. Hopefully she's the one that's got to clean it anyway. That's right. Wow. You're the okay. Pabito Beach. Have a good new year. Okay. Hold on. Okay. That guy. Nothing is. I don't know because ordinarily I hate to break the news to you. This is not something that is on my mind very much. A toilet seat is a toilet seat. It's just there. It's a part of life. It's like the knob on a door. It's not something I really think very much about. I'll show you that there's some moving out there getting a little bit excited. But nevertheless, depending on how tall you are. But I go in that story. Yes, I guess the D.V. When I first went into Kmart and they got all these designer toilet seats and these cushiony ones and ones made out of all kinds of material. And I'm thinking to myself, why would anybody want a cloth of the toilet seat? Jesus. Oh. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? I'm down from Toronto and I want to talk about the leaf. Yes, sir. What's up with pop and man? Make it really for Meridian. What's up with him? He's hanging out. He's being a professional frog. Trying to straighten his lips out before they trade him. I don't know. I just don't know what Mike Smith. The problem with Mike Smith is everybody hates him like poison. Nobody wants to make a deal with him. He's a dick guy. Yeah, he is. Cut the on the list. Okay, pal. Go a little bit. Yeah, he's a leaf fan. I'm not sure. Not sure sure. Okay. Put him on the list anyway. What the hell? Get him out of the street. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Love your show. Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir. I'm a company where they saw, you know, toilet seats and stuff. Yeah. And I was going to call you to tell you to come over here and get it. I know they have them over here. But once I was on the line, I heard you're giving away dolphin tickets for our lease on the list. And I love you showing up. I would like to get on the list. And if I can have our shameless request to heal their Darnell. Learn to fell with Darnell. Yeah. That's one of your best bits. I love my kids love to have it to hear them. I'm kind of nervous. So, uh, Bob, put Generalist and hang on. Okay. And I think it might have a good news. Okay. Put him on the list. He's nervous. But never let. This is learning to fail with Darnell. I've been down there, Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word consensus. Better with me now. Consensus. See you all in, S-E-N-S-U-S. Now, let's you get in a sentence. Be careful what you say. Those cops consent us for jail. This is looser to fail with Darnell. I've been down here, Jackson. There's nothing to follow. By the way, maybe somebody can tell us about that. What that thing is would be a French Canadians. I might have the, the Carol lip. I want to say it like you notice. Look, Robert time. Who doesn't look all at bad. But he's been through it. It lip problem. And Felix Poppand. They look all at bad. They had that cool lip on one side. Like John Cretien, the Canadian Prime Minister. Who's also a frog. He's got like, not always you have a lip. Like curl off the one side. But like his whole, like look how he had a bad stroke. But he did not. He's stroke it. But he did not. And who was I watching? Oh yeah, I was watching that Tampa Big Game against the pathetic islanders last night. And at rookie that convention, La Calvalle, he was going to be a great player, a beautiful goal. And then we're interviewing me between periods. And he's a frog. He also have you ever noticed that? That French Canadians have that, that genetic, like lower liver could talk like, yeah, what did they talk out of the corner? They're first. What is that? What is it with the frogs that have like a little twisted lip problem? Maybe they have something in their mouth that kind of like push their lip off the one side. You think that could be it? Here's a mobile and dear field, hello. Anyhow, you're doing pretty good? Yeah, I was saying, can I get some squirbing sounds for which people suck it up to the dolphin's ticket? Isn't that something? Yeah, I mean, I'm calling to people. Yeah, I'm calling to people. Yeah, I promise you I'll never do it again by the way. No, no, and now that I'm listening to this, I do realize, think how to tell holiday and the show is a, you know, no counter to boys, brutal. Let me tell you something. I want to, I call the box office to get the tickets until I realize that 26 dollars in my account, but this pathetic, I come from New York and with the dolphins fans all my life, I saw them take the crap as a jet in 82 when I was five. And the jet to the giant? Or is that that big AJ do again? Yeah, they always, they always, they're gaming them on the Yeah, they always sell out. And I can't believe that there are 14,000, some are tickets, but for this game. I forget the game we'll both like out. I don't want to, I don't want to PNA boys parade, but I just, I can't see any way, seeing the history of the way this time goes. How are they going to sell between now and 12 30 tomorrow, 13 or 14,000? Or even 10,000, assuming that channel 10 would pick up the others. It had to sell 9 or 10,000 anyway, not going to have to. No. This is the most pathetic sports center I've ever seen. It didn't like it's higher life. And like I said, but he's filling up the macarine with all those bodies, but as far as you have to have a, you have to get a search party to find any real hockey fans in there. Let me tell you something I try to talk sports people down here, and they don't know what they're talking about. And that's just the station. If I try to pick up somebody on the street, forget about it. Yeah. All right. But I'm not picking up anybody on the street. Okay, hang on, pal. We'll put you on the list. Okay. Okay. Put him on there, and he's absolutely correct. He's what on target. But, you know, he's not going to change it. We can sit here and bitch about it and belly ach about it. And that's going to be one of my new year's resolutions until January 2nd. I'm not going to do that. And since I won't be here for a second. Oh, that's right. This is tomorrow's our last show, right? Remember, we had the lady from the Christian coalition, and then that other guy that blockhead that the cops were not going to his door 20 or 30 times, that couldn't stay off the phone? Oh, yeah. You're all done. You're all finished. You'll never be on in 99. This year, you're all done. Yeah. Hey, to break the news. You'll be here tomorrow. I'll be here again Monday. And I'll be here Tuesday. And I'll be here Wednesday. Unless, of course, that lottery should kick in around Saturday. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I got to tell you about that. It's found in the beginning. What about you, second? There. Now I'm on a better phone. Okay. I got to tell you about the incident that happened to the last week at the McAureena. I'm going to be a Washington game. And I'm a season-priced holder. You call that a game? Well, you got a point, Jeff. But I didn't know that before. But anyway, I don't always have someone to go with me. Sometimes, someone extra tick it outside the arena. For like 15, 10 bucks, whatever I can get for it. Straight in jail, pal. I know. Straight in jail. I'm standing there. I'm not really being real obvious. And some guy comes up and has to have a take. And I say, yeah. And I say, he says, I say, how much is it? 15 bucks is okay. So we're just getting ready to give you a 15 bucks and this is a high-zinga Nazi runs up yelling at me. You can't tell tickets on his property. It's a gas alarm. It's a gas alarm. It's so, I didn't want to make it. I said, okay, well, this is actually my friend. And I'm just going to give him a ticket. I'm not going to sell it to him. And he goes, you can't give away tickets on his property. It's a gas alarm. He can't give away. And if I had had the guy, so let's say, look, I'm going to stand right here. And I'm going to give this guy a ticket. Now, you call it cops and have me arrested. For giving this guy my ticket that I paid for. But anyway, we just walked in together. And I followed me in and I held both the tickets. We walked when he paid me after we got inside. I mean, it was ridiculous. Unbelievable. Sounds like some kind of a Nazi operation in the beginning. So I know now next time to be a little bit, maybe I would go a little bit further away from the next before I find myself. Do it right down there by the escalator. It's never working anywhere. Nobody hang out. Yeah, yeah, that was nothing. All four of the escalators were out of order. And I got to go up to the fourth floor. Well, the other ones are out of order, too. Yeah, the ones going up to the fourth floor. There was one working. And I get on that one and a half way up. And that one stops. So now all four of them are out of order. And I think they've got a problem there. Okay, pal. But hey, can I get on the lift? Yes, you can. Hang on. Thanks. I'm going to great mood today. I'm not really sure why it's my one year anniversary. Survived a year. Thank God it's over here in this place. We got all the bugs out of the way this past year. Didn't we get them all out of the way? No. You can get everything straight enough? No. 10 minutes after noon at 5.60 QA. Where did you find that? The captain? Why? That's it. The last one. He's just 40 in my thing. He's got $1.00 on pay. How cool. All right, guys. In gold. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. It's not like some kind of fashion celebration of the macaroon. This is to the blue steps of the night. Be wanged. I ain't never in trouble at all. He must have several leaves just not as tiny as rain. The doll of us and had a love. A hot dog and a beer cup only 40 bucks. The bathrooms all have dollar, change your spot. Is that a two-in business was what they really suck. Taking us for all we got. May you wait on pocket for some air to blast. Ways, they can fill it in our part of the sand. Let's give the vast and even stick rockbuster. Mark up your hand. Break them. Mr. Pugum, boost that's got the night's be waged. Oh, I'm giving way to break that's what Pugum Evans says. Give my break. He's a real philanthropist. He never stole a freight train. Hey, Kabus. We're going to give him a break. No. That's our resolution for 1999. We're going to give way and have a break. No. Where are we going now? Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, man. We have the university. Can it have the anniversary from a royal woman listener? Well, thank you, sir. I don't think anybody's called yet today. Any ladies? You know something you got a good point. How do you like that? That really makes me feel like crap? Well, that shouldn't. I think that for you. Now, one woman out there that makes me feel like walking on legs is what it makes me feel like. That you're the only lady that curred enough to call the. That's probably because all these guys are called sucking for those damn stupid tickets. Well, that's true. Can't understand people that call them suck around for free ticket. That's just a joke. I'm just going to. Well, I just want them to wiggle and feel bad, you know. I've got a story about pro player stadium. Yes. I want to be parked. Yes. I went to the Denver game. I don't have any idea. Unless we could go. And I had to sit in the wheelchair section, which is like right below the first row on the lower side. Mm-hmm. And so it's kind of down by the field. However, all the people down there that wheelchair people, they will not let them have beer down there. Yeah. Well, have you ever seen the wheelchair people when they start getting a few pops in a man? Wow. Well, the person who goes things. Everything Chris read after two or three after you structure a couple of beers through that straw. Yeah. You can beer through a straw. They'll get you every time. You know, it's kind of that somebody's in a wheelchair and they can't even have a beer. Isn't that incredible? Well, that's not even waiting again, man. Yeah. So, what monsters your money? Once you're inside, he don't give a crap about putting on a show giving anything. All he wants is your money. Anyways, could I be on your list? I'll maybe I can sit somewhere where I can have a beer. There you go. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. Okay. And do that thing straight? Oh, no. What did you do that for? She has her special line? I call her. Oh, or George Caller. Oh, no. How are you? Haven't heard from you in a very long time. Well, I've been feeling so blue about that. Oh, don't feel blue about that. I'm feeling so bad. I thought, well, maybe one of one of several things happened. Either she left town, where else she ballooned back up like an elephant again again. All that weight back and she took him to him. Bursal talked to me. That shouldn't happen, didn't it? No, not really. I'm not thin like I was, but I'm not what I was before either. You're less than more in between. Come on, and be true. Well, that's good. Yeah, I'm going to try to make a new resolution to get me. Yeah, and that's just what I'm trying to do. It's just a painting of the essence. So it's so tired and old and boring and so on. Exactly. It's just scary. It does. It does. I want to eat my fish food, God damn it. I want to do the good stuff. You had to tell me about that. You know, I had to try it. And stay away from that. I love it. You're pretty good. Yeah. And my public's man, they got like 7,000 points of it in there. And all my mobile stations were getting my gas. They got 50,000 fish sticks and 2800 different kinds of points. I keep thinking I'm going to run into you because we shop the same places. Yeah. Will you shop in my public? Yeah. Well, how come I never see you in there? I don't know. I see my bag boy friend Frankie in there. I'll have to check him out. Frankie's a great thing. Very good looking too, by the way. What I shouldn't say about him. I'm not going to stop. Well, Frankie's a great kid. He always very friendly. Are you listening to Frankie happy new year, Frankie? Maybe maybe he'll let you come in there and pop a ziplomb. Okay. I don't want her to. Something like that. It'll straighten out. Mm-hmm. So next to you. Yeah. But I mean, I've been there. I just. Just what? I'm going to start getting busy with the attacks. I know it. Yeah. I'm going to be off. Well, what have you been so busy doing? There's nothing going on here. Hall of Day. It's not before the holidays. You've been too busy for a long time for me. Let's face it. You look like you're having some kind of an extommerital affair. Yeah, that's what I'm doing. Okay. Well, good. So that's not telling anybody. I can understand. No, that's not. He is. I would never. You never know it. But he's a good guy. He is the greatest. Love him. Yeah. I just want to. George is laughing. You snickering and he's laughing. He's rolling on the floor. He's a great guy. So he doesn't look like Frankie is a great public. He's a hero. He's a hell of a good guy. I mean, if the only people in the world that were good people are the people. A lot of people that look great are assholes. Okay. That's right. I don't know. You're just toss him away. That's right. And he move on to the ugly people because we're the good people. Okay. We do good people. That's right. That's what George said. So you have everything's good. I'm going to stop by too. But I haven't done that. I'm going to stop by. I have to. That's what I'm going to do. Oh, that was a nice day. So I really get my nerve up. Uh-huh. Don't hold your butt. You know. Never mind. Okay. You can tell I'm really out of practice. Oh, God. I would say it's been really this but not hearing from you. But based on this call. Well, thank you. No, you're great. Okay. Well, I'm glad you're feeling well. I'm glad you haven't gained all the weight back and ballooned up to your previous drugging. Oh, my God. I couldn't even imagine. No, that would be bad. I can't look at this. Thank you. Regillaryate me on my new toilet seat. Yes. Thank you. And have a happy new year. You too. I'll say hi to your husband. Okay. Can you work for him? Okay. And Frankie. Okay. 12 18ers that I'm flying to lady. Now we'll be like we can go home. Okay. Finally. But I was almost as tough as finally hearing from my friend, Izzy. Maybe Izzy was a little bit too incoherent to call me. Not that we want you to call again, Izzy. I mean, the one call this year was enough, right? Er, and that was enough. But anyway. So now, and who is the other one that was looking for? Izzy and the not-slanding. Oh, Roberto. I mean, he probably flew the coup. He must have been deported. I'm surprised you didn't run into him at the INS on Monday. The adored was at the INS building on the corner of a businessman in 1793 on Sunday. Try to get his illegal alien status upgraded like maybe you can stay here another year. He was scalping lower numbers all day. Yeah, right. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. All right. You know, I have the inversions. Sandy, sir. I mean, happy new year. Happy new year. Whatever. What's Johnson by the way, is this black? What's Johnson? Are you half black, I think? Is he black? Yeah. Oh, he's not working. He's real light-complexed, isn't he? Yeah, it's very light, but I think he's... I'm not even a bush, but I know he's real light. You know, he's right, and I must find him in the vise to the human. Yeah. He's something, anyway. Uh-huh. He sounded like a lion or something. What was that mojie-dard to football? To football? He's something like that. Right. Why is it to the... What's for the only sport that this is for, you know, it's carried on. And you never see... Can you imagine like the mountains down seven nothing in the eighth inning? And Ed Derenzer, really? It gets a blue single, he reaches first, he starts chucking jive. No, no, I cannot imagine that, no. Why is it to just... You know, exclusively football players that act like this? That's a very good question. And probably because the national football league is so busy being about your epic reds that no other sport would put up with it. They wouldn't tolerate it. Oh, I wouldn't say this. I would say this though, the NBA. I was thinking about this the other day. Dennis Rodman. Can you imagine a baseball player or a football player dressing in conducting himself like Dennis Rodman? No, no, no way. No. No way. And there are a lot of people, especially white people, again, who thinks that he's very entertaining. That he's amusing. He makes me want to throw up. I look at him and he makes me want to vomit with his drag queen. He's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, you know, I can't see what the trick like home. She didn't like that. She didn't. It was just a whole thing was a gag. He was, she was gagging on it. I'll be asleep. I wish I would challenge her for the last night. I came to coach sportsman. Yeah. What happened to the girl in the black guy? Oh, they're grown. They had different. They have like revolving host. They have different every couple of weeks. There's somebody new with different. Oh, yeah. I'm watching the wild. I just noticed two different people. I didn't know what was going on. Yeah. Well, you'll find just a blank screen on that channel before too long. Yeah. Have a minute of your foul. Hey. Yeah. Okay. Hold on. How did I know that? Just as I was about to put my finger on it. Okay. So how's that? We're almost food coming by the way. Anybody seen that yet? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. New. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Happy one year. Thank you. Listen, you have good on the Vegas for the first time. And I hear that you travel there quite a bit. I was wondering if you could get any a couple of. You're not in an out burger. I'll come out in the house. I'll be in the house. Carl's junior's out there. Jack in the box. Jack in the box. Well, couple of. A couple of what are you looking for? Okay. What are you looking for? What are you looking for? Like, what do you like to do? Damn it. And a couple of good restaurants. Forget about restaurants. So I don't know if I'm good restaurant. I don't have time. See, I can't waste my time. I'm a tubular losing money when I'm in Vegas. I don't have time to search out. They got roots crisp out there, which you can go here. But they got two of them out there, which are sensational. Oh, real. In fact, I would say with all the respect my friends and for a lot of the other best roots crisp in the world is the one on Sahara. I think it's a Hara in Vegas. Okay. It's unbelievable. Any good shows? I don't go to shows. No shows? No. But go to the MGM and go to the, you know, you'll check out the ballazio and you'll say, is this your first trip? Yes. Oh, it's your first time ever. So you have nothing to gauge it by. So you'll be, you'll be so overwhelmed. Just be sure and check out all the big joints. You'll be able to see the ballazio and MGM grand. And maybe you'll be able to go into the Yorkshire five minutes until the noise drowns you out. You have to run out. But it's great. And don't waste your time going downtown. Okay. Don't waste your time. It's bogus. I deal one more thing. Yes, sir. Can you tell me that underpants? Some underpants? Yeah. I'm not sure if that's the right name. Oh, he's, you want to, you know, that's the awful thing. That George plays all the time. And I'm not here. What is that thing called that underpants saw? Okay. Have a great day, your pal. Yeah. But I think I'm the risk for me. Okay. Get out of here already. Get out of here. By the way, the answer to the underpants song is no. Well, wait till George is here next time to my next vacation. Okay. Because I do not play the underpants song. In fact, I just, I'm glad that he reminded me because the next time George plays the underpants song will be the last time George goes in. Okay. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60. I can't believe you play that. That is, that is the worst. It's just a little long. But it's okay. No, it's not. It's a fun time. I'd rather play on my own grandpa. Oh, which I know you hate like poison, which is all it's bad. It's weak and I admit that. But that's even better than what you're going to do with all of the sounds. You're hiding in your underpants. Oh, and just the way he says that underpants. I mean, just just that phony rednecky thing. In fact, I'd like to hear a book about money to take off on that. Would I read Nikki all you need to do is a banjo in there. That's what we need to hear. One more. I know I played it yesterday, but that's what we need to hear with the big game. Coming up on these tickets that we're giving away on all these. All these shameless suck around to be got today. Yeah, one more time for the West Coast, okay? Well, Buffalo has the football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks that's a good city. Really hot. The Buffalo feels like an apple. What do you want to see what I mean? So just sing alone. You say Miami. When you say Buffalo. And here you're that Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. Okay. The greatest even in history of human race. Data. Buffalo Bills. The greatest in the land. Then slice bread and canned beer. Yeah, there you go. And you jazzed up that redneck stuff. You listen to that banjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. Would you take Buffalo Bills to don't sound so rednecky do it? Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill Fan? Here we go. Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best teams. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times, which is more than I can say for this scum suck and finish. And they're a great as. Because they really like that uniforms. They sure is hell. Be set out of having a fish on their helmet. Because they're down there. Supple all whole bills. They're best football teams. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills. The whole team is telling the greatest quote of back in the league. Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo Bills. Get the Buffalo Bills. And they've been around long enough. They're stinking right in fish. Well, let out Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. What would you have to have as a pad above lower fish? What is a Buffalo bill? It puts an ocean in the buzz. Oh, but it does. 1226 and 560WKM's. You're just brought off of a good point today. Being my one year anniversary here on WKUA. And wishing you to see some of those old, bumper stickers from some presidential races in the past four more years. Why do they? Baby. Oh, God. In fact, after like tomorrow, it will be like three and something. Even though it will be three and a lot, it will still be a three will be that first number. As in, like there's light at the end of the tunnel. The Sun, like that. New splash. Due to recent news of experimental penis transplant taking place in France, there has been a sudden rash of penis theft all across America. Small and down men everywhere are turning to the wrong side of the law. In hopes of finding Renegade French doctors to extend their manhoods. If you're a long, don't demand. Be careful and take every precaution you can. Lock your doors and your doors. Even padlock your penis to your hip if possible. You might even want to monogram it. Just in case. Any individual caught at French or American customs with a stolen penis will be sent to a fully gay prison for light. Once again, penis theft is on the rise. Take necessary precaution. Or you could be next. About thirty and five sixty WKUA. Here's the bag with all the food in it from my namens from all my food in it. A couple of nice newly burgers with bacon and cheese. Cozier by the way. A couple of watches to one house with pork kosher with onions. Perfect. No bread, no starch, no sugar, no S-s twins, the starch and the sugar. And it says on the bag, happy anniversary from Hudson. Do we know Hudson? Do we know who that is? No. Thanks Hudson. Over there away and on over. Thanks. Great folks. Like I said, I saw Wayne at the gas station. Are they pumping it? Here's a lot of day by the sea. Hello. You're happy? Happy anniversary. Thank you. I missed out on the show Monday and I wanted to use when over that story about the way to some lakeland that was fired. No. Can we all have garden about it? Didn't see it. We can find out that congressmen, uh, guess who is representative, Kennedy, uh, Republican. Remember the host Kennedy? That's that people's euro that the ugly twin, yeah. This member of the House to discerning committee. That BDI piece of crap, yeah. This former Democrat and I guess she mentioned to someone in the restaurant. Uh, I'll see, uh, talk to the, he is ignoring the will of the people in his boat. Right. And he chained up and he overheard him into the manager and then, and said, are you anything to say to me? And so she made the statement that, uh, he talked to me with a turn code to traitor for stabbing the president in the back. Right. He was immediately fired. How do you like that? Yeah. Why, I hope she suits the crap out of them. How can they control her political opinions in a while, where a stop in burgers and a restaurant? Well, they, they say that, uh, that candidate guy, I'm telling it. That's people, Jews identical twin, the ugly twin, the evil twin. They're assassin. Yeah. And, uh, well, typical, I noticed the newsweek they have listed all the, the congressmen and the, uh, way they voted. And they had a, they had a graph scheduled, uh, color wise that shows you who voted for wife. No. Only four of each party voted the other way. Well, do you just wait and see boys, sort of the senate to get to a single one on the seventh and about a week or whatever it's going to be? They're going to zip through this thing like Grant took Richmond man. They're going to get over with real fast just before a public makes a state of union dress because, uh, they're sniffing it. They can see the public's ready for revolution here. They're not going to, they're starting to get the message. But they're doing all this posturing. And well, you know, we have to investigate. We have to have the testimony, bullcraft. They're not going to be any testimony. In fact, these are the same assholes who were saying in the house. We don't have to have any testimony because all these people are all these people already tested by before the grand jury. And it's all in Kent stars reports. So I wasted the time. And other the same assholes and liars and hypocrites. Or I say, well, uh, let's have some testimony, right? Yeah. I agree. Let's just cut the bullcraft. Okay. And get on with life. Yeah. I also have a change of class. And everybody ought to go out there and buy that damn book about Kent star by James Carver. They're just finished reading the last night. They get the whole inside story about Richard Melon's case and all these payoffs and all these rives in about Kent star being a right wing asshole. Glad they're going to get that little book, believe me. They're definitely great wing conspiracy. Yes, sir. I can't get the, uh, the request I was, uh, I don't even know the name of the bit, but it was like Don Corley owned in a like parody of the Star Wars thing. And, uh, with different people, but I don't know what the name of it is. What is it? It's like darn Corley owned, talking to them. What is it? Well, wait, we're going to draw a watch. I'll star watch. Okay. Have a great new year, pal. All right. All in soon, from directors George Lucas and Francis Ford Coca-La. The newest chapter in the Star Wars saga. When the heads of two families collide in space, they become star watch. Within all star cast, James Earl Jones has Darth Bito and more than Brando has Obi-Wap Kenobi. You should not have come back over that. Your powers are weak. You've had wind, uh, if he's black, he's out of mouth. My family will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. I left you. I was put under the ground, uh, uh. Only a man to a people, uh. Al Pacino as Han Solo Mio. Come on. Someone greet us. Don't want some of me. Come on. You're going to mess with the bet. Say hello to my little friend. You'll list her alone as she's black a lot. But look, they're your own. You're doing well. You're doing well. You're doing well. You're doing well. With new feature footage, never before seen of the ominous Don Java. Our new book, we always tell him our whole world. We lost garlic. You stunned the freedom to be over the stars, uh. Oh, Paco. Yes. We'll know how come Han Solo Mio turned Greedon to an egg in potato pie. Tony Danza as Luca Skywalker. Yoda. We are. Chana Kenna. Welcome to my son. You must go to the integral bond. People love you. You've been in the swamp. No, it's a pile on seven streets. We're all a guy's name. You must go there and learn the ways of the stars. The stars. The stars. What gives a jet on in his power. His energy. We're is the source. It's the mic. It's in your kitchen. It grows. It's when the sausage in the radio. The pasta and the meatballs. It combines everything together. With special guest appearance by Joe Peche as Princess Leoni. You haven't read the story. You haven't seen anything until you've seen anything. And both of the final chapter of the saga return of the judi. Coming soon to a total corner view. May the song be with you. 36 and 56 of you. How many comments? Then who that was in there before? I didn't even recognize him. I only saw him once before in my life for that bad hippies. But so by the way, George has Bob Ake who's the program director over country kiss. Was in there in the novelties out of the building, George said. He's an asshole. Okay, let's do a lady in Carl Springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, this is a long time with near first time caller. I'm a woman too. Thank God. We got to know where he was. Three. Ah, three. Yeah. Three. We had a call. What was he number right? What have you seen? I hope so. I'm sort of lucky. But I didn't. I wanted to call because you're off the publicity now, right? Yeah, I'm off it right now. Yeah, well, I'm on the media. You don't want to be eating and sitting on the television. Yeah, but I know some people like I go to the media. I'm calling for the toilet at funny toilet. Before he, at least I thought it was funny. Okay. We went to one. I wouldn't. New Jersey for summer vacation. We're living. Oh, Jersey. Well, that is a toilet. I wouldn't. Yeah, man. And we spend all our summer's there before 72. We'll move down here. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. But anyway, we stayed at a friend through the committee on the weekend. And he gave us his apartment for the week. And so we said, give you one. He's a plumbing for the week. Okay. That's a day and she wasn't going to be there using it. And so we were there and he never told us about. He had a craft. He had a wooden toilet. He had a crack problem. He had a crack problem. He had a crack problem. So he said, wouldn't he tell us he said I have a crack problem. He didn't even say much after the splinters. No, he never even can't get through with the prime room. And so my husband after we had been able to help you out and everything. And doing that thing and having a while. Good time. We came back and he had to do a quick apple soup. As you say. And so soon too. When you did a bathroom, I did settle in that heat. And it's little off like a hockey pot. Not and because of the risk, what? Why did it grow and the metal thing and help the bat. Why did it grow? And we had a flood of water coming on. And I mean, right. It's a stormy. Oh, good. Right in the middle of my beautiful lunch. I got a mouthful of beautiful, way narval food here. And you're telling me stories. Yeah, great. But I'm really nervous. I don't blame it. I don't blame it. First I like all through and to my husband's house. And I'm having good on and because a lot of times I was going to call and you say, I don't know one of the cars. There you go. There you go. Well, look how pain was it was. You got this one. I need to do it. No, no. Okay, sweetheart. Have a right new year. Don't do it again. I'll hang on. Hang on. I'm the line. Hang on tight on the sides of your bull. Yeah, it's our little bull story. That's what we're going to be hearing for next several weeks now. Like my story at Venice. Denise restaurant there in the Davy. True story. Slowed right the thing. God just came flying right off of there. And it's a miracle. I mean, with the urgency, with the sense of urgency that my body had at that moment, with the, like just on the verge of bursting, you could almost, like Francis Scott Keyes. He could almost feel the bomb bursting in air. And somehow with miraculous amazing stuff restraint, I managed to pick that seat right up off the floor, put it back up on the bowl and just mouth that baby again in the bowl to do it and to do it right. Thank the Lord. Okay, we have an open line in date. 560560, pound five 60 animal bull online. We got the last landing lady today. We got a great anniversary lunch from Lion Arnold. I got me a beautiful toilet seat. Thanks to our listener out there and 30 bucks more for center one. And what he great, we brought us a nice check. What they'll work at anybody one on those five 60 QANs. This is 560, 2AL. And keep the factor in his hands. Hi, this is Martin and now for tomorrow. I may be retired from tennis, but that doesn't mean the state can't stay. With my no fragrance, my team, my friend, Arnold, and my team, my team, my combination of fresh cut, and they've been there at my tennis ball. So even though I'm not playing tennis, I'm not playing tennis, you can do this for the team. But team, strong enough with me. But we're not for a moment. 43 or 560 WQM, how's he doing? By the way, these days, Martin. Here's a lady in the tamarack. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Is this you? Yes, it is. Hi. I'm calling because I'm, oh gosh, I've never done this before. Good. My boyfriend is a painter and his friend's a painter. And all of these guys talk about his meal. And they run around the hospital and they're like, oh god. Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, they're these big buffalo bills. They're not in the basket. Yeah. Oh, that's where you got that one too. Oh, god. I hear this stuff all the time. I'll be right about the game. Right. Right. So we're kind of worried about the game this weekend. I think we're probably going to have to drive up northwatch it. So do it too. Yeah. Okay. Now, I'm not going to see it here. It's going to be blacked out unless some miracle. That's a box. And that pathetic, that foolishly placed this is. What? What a bush league town this is. They can't even sell out a playoff game. But, you know, it's terrible. It's terrible. We get dressed up every week when the buffalo play. We have our uniform. Yeah. Our buffalo hat, our buffalo t-shirt. And we even got a little kid that runs around his buffalo stuff. But I had to call anyway. You, I'm taking, I can't believe I'm talking to you. You're shaking at me too. And you won't believe these guys. So we sit out in the patio. Oh, yeah. Do you hear me all the day? So it's nice to talk to you. And the likewise, and have a great new year. Thank you. Will you put me on the lift? I sure will. I'm not a buffalo fan, hold on. Hold on. Okay. By the way, if she doesn't, if she doesn't get the tickets, maybe we'll send her some flutty flakes. What we sent her some milk? No, we won't. Won't want to hang out. What's wrong with a duck flutty? Okay. There we go with those little guys again. The David J. Neals probably got to write another story out there. They like those little guys over there. Like, wave Whitney and Stubborn and Marty Straca and Doug Flutty. Look at how some endinos just suddenly don't leave Dino out. If he ever gets healthy enough to play again, you think that'll happen? No. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary, Matthew. Thank you. This is an essay to the clip of that guy that called the Doug. I think that guy ever taken any actions. Really, do something about that? Yeah, he had a good, any occurred with brain types. If that was real funny, my theory, I liked it with a true phone call. You know, and then like you said, you know, you made the guy into a star. I am Jack, straight away. Hey, Neil. What about all you said? Listen, I would like to get on the lift if I made the lift. If he was so straight, he was that's why he's a little problem. Okay, I'm on. We call, but he's okay. He's a good guy. Put him on there. Put it for a bunch of people on those to make it tougher, you know? It will make it like a contest. One 30 will draw a name. And some lucky spit out there. Two people will line up going and sitting there asking my seats, which I've never sat in them. You've never gone and the tickets are for free. That's right. It's what it goes. And guess what? I had the tickets for last season, too. I was in those in those seven months of glorious limbo getting paid for sitting on my ass and traveling around the world and having a great time. And I had tickets for last season, too. Did I go to any games last year? No. Am I going to go this year? No. Next year? No. So there you go. Just because it's almost new years and because I'm in touch of great mood and because it's our one-year anniversary, why the hell not kill the show with all these prelovers. I'm bored. We don't a great job of that. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, how are you? Great. Happy anniversary. Happy New Year. I don't want to be like the rest of the stores. I don't think they would. I'm a big dolphin fan, but I don't want to snore for any tickets. I want to do something for Neil and George over the New Year's. No. And George has my telephone number. If I could do anything at your house, I'd rather do something for you than you do something for me. How's that? What is it that you do? Well, I was at your house a couple years ago. I don't have a pressure-creating business. I'm not necessary looking for a plug. I just want to thank you for the great entertainment. Pressure Clean What The Room? Anything. Sure. What did you clean in my house? I cleaned out of your screens that I did your chat is OOTC right before the fire. I put my dad's right. Right. That's right. So I didn't call for anything other than say happy New Year than if I could do anything for you. I'd be my pleasure. I was at George's do-house as a matter of fact, and it is deck. And who's deck was bigger? Okay. Have I had a new year, pal? Okay. Happy New Year to you. Thanks a lot. Well, he's having a little holiday cheer there. We have two open lines in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 5. Why are we always found that way? I know he's a good guy. He was in my house. He, you know, not too long. I said, okay, give it a win. Get on it. He's a good guy. And he didn't want to be paid either. In fact, I think I said, okay. And that's why I took him this long to call back. She want things. Don't go to like fat rich or a rim or a rim or a rim. In fact, that's going to be our poll question on New Year's Eve tomorrow. Who's the biggest cheap skate fat rich or Jeff Rimmer? Boy, that's going to be really- that's going to be nip and tuck. I want to pick on Rich Wadder's got that bum knee. But that would be really- who's the bigger free loader, fat rich or Jeff Rimmer? Man, a tight contest. And those are the part of the wire. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Passport renewal myth. You will not get it back the same day. So don't play it on that. Yeah, but how long does it take? There's three ways you can renew your passport. Okay. The first way in the cheapest way is 40 bucks. I don't care about it. Okay. Okay. The first way is to still outdo the renewal application and mail it away. You'll get it back in 14 days. Second way is you take- You'll get it back in 14 days. You've got to send the old passport, right? Correct. Along with new photos and your money and the application. I've proven to have to do that, yeah. The second way is you can take all that stuff down yourself to the passport agency. Go through the line and all that BS and pay an extra 35 bucks for the expeditive fee. And you'll get it in the mail in like 304 days. Oh, that's not bad. The third way is you can pay someone anywhere between 100 to 150 bucks. Plus to 75 dollars. That the government charges for a fast renewal. Yeah. And let them do the whole thing for you. I don't want to do that. I'm not trying to do anybody else in my passport. I got to cost that thing very tightly. Well, then option two is your best route. Well, you know, in a plantation city hall is doing it. How could there be any long lines for passport and plantation? I don't know. So many hard work will do it. They will not renew your passport. They'll take your application, your money. Okay. And then they'll send it somewhere. But they will not. They don't. They might be so that doesn't expeditive in any way. No. If you pay them an extra 35 dollars. Yeah. Okay. Bill and send it to the next day. I'll take a table if you slip my mouth. I don't send it to the passport agency. We'll process it within three to four days. And then they'll send it back to regular mail, which is almost the same thing as if you were to go down to the passport agency and do it yourself. But if I send it into the mail, I get it in 14 days, right? That's right. Even faster if you send them like a cell phone. But you're at the federal legislature, right? Way bill or US mail, next state thing. Okay. I'm going to go home and do it today. I'm going to send that thing out immediately. All right. You can look at the address on the internet and everything. Why? I think I got all the stuff. I got it. Okay. Thank you. Get the passport control. Okay. We have an open line in day five six seven and then you people are laughing out there. If you don't got a passport, oh, baby. That should be your new year's resolution right now. Whether you're young, whether you're old, whether you're on the verge of death, whether you're somewhere in between, whether you're like just barely past fetus age. Better get you a passport and fraud your little kids out there too. All those punky kids. Get passports for the Gotham or Spurhal because God only knows when you're going to be having a hop on a plane and say, Okay. See ya. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm good. How are you? Great. Happy anniversary. Thank you. A couple days ago or last week, you were talking about the Mormons and their underwear. Yeah, that was Monday because your Constellal was here. George was out being in the legal alien. And Joe was here and never heard of the magic underwear. And I only had one call on it. Well, I think what they're called is Temple Under Garments. Yeah. The official name for them. Boy. Yeah. And there's a great book about Mormons. Well, it's actually about Mormons. It's called the Mormon murders. Yeah. I've seen that. I've never read it. Oh, it's really good. It gives you a lot of insight. Well, what was it about? They're real strange. Well, they're... Even Donnie and Marie? Yeah. I don't know. Donnie was on my show here as if we seemed okay to me. Well, there are ideas of strange. They're police or strange. There's a lot of traffic in documents. Old documents to prove their face. Yeah. And that's what the Mormon murder is about. It's really good book. I couldn't put it down. Well, hey, listen. At least it's easy to remember Joe's a Smith anyway. Yeah, right, right. It's a easy name. I mean, you'll realize you're my hand at all as other names. A little bit tougher, but Joe's a Smith. Even I can remember that. What was the... one of the things? What is the real story with Rick and Sudd. Every time? No story as they got fired. They were told by Peter Bolder that would not be renewed in February when they're contract ends. They would not be coming back and go look for a new job. And then Rick came back and asked for another meeting. And in a cheerful plea told a people that they had killed a station and they didn't have any morning show and that they were so great in mornings and I would be and on Waxi and Yadi Adi Adi and maybe we're going to go to the mornings and people who said, oh, yeah, you're right. We don't have any morning show. And he said, if you're going to take a big cut and pay, we'll put you on the morning. And they said, okay. What's up? They had good ratings for me after. They're good. They're not good but the best on that station. They were the fact that in the last trend, they were the only ones that went up. Every other day, part of that station went down. They were the only ones that went up. And both your still are as an asshole. That's ridiculous. Yeah, I can't deal with Brooks Boy. Oh, she is seriously. I mean, how could anybody listen or she? She's like a female guilty. You hear the voice and even a child immediately tells you, that is a voice that does not belong on a radio, okay? And that last, and every time she laughs, it's this same. If she's actually laughs. I know, I think it's on tape. Can I be on the list? Okay, hang on. Thanks. Okay, so I'm almost done with my expansive lunch here today. Got our passport situation straightened out. I'm going to go home and squeeze it a couple of times real tight. And the passport to get that all straightened out. Got a nice toilet seat here. We're kind of clean up our loose ends. Here at the end of the year. That's always a good idea. Clean up your loose ends. Especially if you have one of those felt toilet seats. God, can't even envision that. Here's a mobile in a four-later nail. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, good morning, how are you? Great. Man, I am pissed off and fired up. Good. I have a limited time. We talked to somebody that was fired up in pissed off. I'm kind of like, I'm a job. And if I get you or two, because you go to the hockey games, right? Even though you hate Wayne. Yeah. The portrait team, right? Well, I'm like that with the dolphins. I've been there for five years. I saw the last two years that done, who you affectionately call the Brainstem, which we mentioned calling him that. Yeah. Anyway, I have my cheese and tickets. And I can't believe I'm reading the paper. And there's all of the 15,000 feet above for a fly-op game. Right. So what I want to do, I want to take away the opportunity to pose or fan. That want to get a freebie to go to the game that have never been there all year. Yeah. And take that away and give it to somebody that I think is deserving. I have a buddy of mine who just got married and had to sell off. It's the kind of finances wedding. And it would be like, fuck. Yeah. Well, yeah. He kind of had to do it though. He had some responsibilities. Oh, I see. I thought that was wrong, though. Yeah. I've been calling for half an hour STEM busy. You don't want to say you got to do that. But I waited. And I wanted to talk to you and say, happy new year in Happy Anniversary. And I wanted to get on this list and take those tickets away from somebody that doesn't deserve it. And give them to somebody that does without him knowing. Okay. So if you can put me on hold, I'd love to take that. I love you. Thank you, sir. Oh, if this was, after all of that, if this were like another day of the year, like in the middle of the year, I would have gone. No. You know, can't do that on December 30th. Just out of the state isn't, but I don't feel real sadistic today, or a massive kiss to grow how great a hell it goes. Just feel like a regular old guy. You know, once it gets past to a clock, you do realize it will no longer be formal years. It will be three plus whatever the odd numbers are. Hmm. God. Just like those people on death row, you know, they're marking off the days and the people on that on death row, I guess they do it the other way around. The ones who are counting the days until they get out. Now, let's not that bad. We're having a great time today, aren't we? No. We're really doing it. No. All these are suckles. 256-560-WQAM. The Neo Roger show. Now, on 5-60-WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. Hey, but heads, it's the one to do out. We're on a two-way, yeah. We're back in fact, all day, hands. I want one to add before, these are my kind of guys. One. What the hell are they doing anyway? It's a man we sound a guy who's really gay. I want more, Chris Moore. What's the real hype? Ehh. When I listen to this part. More on. And then the boys won't get my attention. I will really get this bit for this short. Let's beat the high boys who get the other reaction. Well, I hate this. I don't know if they would on a new way, yeah. But that bracket back on again. I'm going to this here at straight men with boys with eyes. Now I'll have to get deeper as I close it again. So I'm really impressed all the macho friends. Check out Chris Moore at night to help you tell you the size. Come on. Yeah, there ain't no one like that. But my choice for this guy is boys that have some reactions. They were 12 years old. Yeah, I can't believe that. Yes, man. I've really close to the radio. It's a town. It's their boys to down up there. Really, it's a couple. It's a nice girl man. He's smarter than my head. He's a friend. Yeah. I want to clock at 5.6 to WCN. Bill's zipper is going to be here for a high-end goldboard to a clock hang sound vacation in Zimper's in town, actually. And maybe you've given like directions how to get around town. Did you notice it from anywhere the market? And then at 6 o'clock. When is it? Yeah, 6 to 7. Josh Friedman's going to be on going for an hour. And then Jaldia Beyond from Pittsburgh from the Pacific Arena from the Igloo from that place where they're going to be soon out of business up in Pittsburgh with a pregame show. The Penguins and the Panthers 730 tonight. Any interest? No. I do want to say one thing before we continue with this wasting the time. What are these suck around? I don't want to get anybody fired. In any of these retail establishments. But I do want to say this to you, okay? My shopping around for a toilet seat has opened up new avenues of this may. Kmart was depressing. I mean, the woman there behind the counter. She was taken her sweet time. She was in no particular hurry. There was a long line of obnoxious people. And maybe that's why. But I mean, she couldn't have given a crap less. But the people at Walmart yesterday, I'm going to tell you something I have never had an experience in my life. And I don't want to get back into a racial thing again. I'm not saying because the woman at the Kmart, she was as wide as I am. And her service was pretty piss poor. And it's even it's even affected my sawgrass publics. And it seems that there are certain racial minority people I want to talk about. What it is, you know, I don't want to be saying what it be. But people have kind of like hang out and they got the young. The young 16 year old kid, he's baggin' and she, he's here and she's there to cash here. And they be talkin' and it's like you're not even there. And the scene at the checkout at Walmart, which luckily it was a no long line. It was the first one online with my toilet seat. And they had a little fun festival on there at the end of that register. I'm going to tell you, people are managers of these stores who put up with this crap. You're the ones that ought to have your ass fired. You know, one of the times then, I love my sawgrass publics and it's very nice to be in there. Most of them are really great people. But I was at one point in the express checkout because I usually have less than time at. Yeah, one or two points of fish food, take a dog or food, whatever. And this conversation is going on and they're talking about, you know, he don't want to go out with her. And she got a date and the usual crap that you listen. And she, I thought I'm not even there. And I give her my $20 bill or whatever it was. And then she puts the money on the counter, the change. And she kind of like pushes it me instead of like handing it in. What's that really care? What she like pushes it to me like here. Get out of here. We're having a conversation like I'm on afterthought. And I like I'm a customer. Not like I'm paying my real God damn money. But like I'm an act like you're bothering us. You're interfering with our conversation here. And then when Dixie over there on the one over when you're right post office on bar Boulevard. One in the whatever whatever. What was that pleasure called the plantation the town is that the town center. Some one of those two places there. I'm going to tell you something. You check out there. It is absolutely unbelievable. They don't even want to be bothered. They like push the hair. Here's the change. Get out of here already. I just go away. And you ask holes out there. That should be your new year's resolution. The management people that if you tolerate this kind of crap that you ought to be Zion. You ought to go on the flip hamburger somewhere. If that's the way you think you would help out a treat to God damn public. That's you know, paying all these over and played at prices for the garbage that you're selling. Man. So let me say it came art may suck but Walmart really sucks. Really sucks. The kind of people you got working at your checkouts man. I wouldn't wish I'm God damn a till of a hunt. I wouldn't wish I'm peat bulls are the assassin. The kind of people you got working at your checkouts. Talk about service in this country talking about about just slackards that could need to be flip and hamburgers at Burger King because they wouldn't know which side to stick it on. That's how stupid some of these people are. You know, you just just pay a little bit of attention. Okay, so we get the transaction right. So we know what's going on here. So we get the right amount of change. Which now of course they have to have the registers that show how much change to give back. Because most of these people are too stupid to figure it out themselves and count the change. God forbid they'd have to do that. But let me say it for the eight minutes time. You store management people that don't watch this crap. There's something wrong with you. There's something really, really wrong with you. That's why somebody stores, I don't want to mention that particular wind. This is one of these stores are like you can go in there and it's like a command performance. You could shoot cannonballs up and down the aisle. Maybe that's why we're either up there in their party. Is that could be it? Think so? And that's why we're interrupting their party. Oh, gee, we got a pain in the ass customer here. Oh, God. Here, here you go. Here's some change. Get out of here. We're making a date for the night. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Happy holiday. Happy New Year, Neil. And a same user. And happy anniversary. Well, basically it was coming forward because... Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the 18, too. That's it. I was calling for, right. Thank you. Okay, here's it. That was very nice. Mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. How you doing? Happy anniversary. Thanks. Merry Christmas. Happy Lucas. Right. Happy. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. So I'm going to show you. I haven't figured out what quantity somebody started telling me today. I still know what that is. I don't know either. I have a show killing question. Yeah. My wife and I are going to Venice Florence and Rome. And we've got Venice and Florence pretty well. Worked out for accommodations wondering where you stay or can recommend a stay in Rome. You can keep going. They call with these questions for you. They're going. Well, the Benson, how much money you want to spend. You want to stay in a real good hotel and a very expensive hotel. Where's Santa in very nice hotel from the other two? Where are you staying in Florence? In Florence, we're staying at the river Lee, which is four star. Right down in the historical district. And then in that's more a location thing. And then in Venice at Denyeli. Yeah. Yeah. It's my never stayed in Venice. You never stayed in Venice. I mean, never went to Venice. But in Florence, we stated that I can't think of the name of it. It's a very, very overpricing the excelsior. I mean, the price. Yeah. This is similar to the excelsior actually. It is. No, no, no, no, no. The excelsior is a five star hotel. Is it a five? Yeah. Okay. Well, this is a four. Well, in Rome, if you want to stay at a four star hotel, I stayed in the star, the star hotel, Metropol, which is, it's okay. I mean, it's clean. It's not really super modern. And the rooms are small and sterile, but it's okay. And they got their right next to a couple of really great restaurants. One of our favorite trotteries downstairs right on the corner there. And it's a pretty decent part of town as far as being centralized by the train station. Okay. It's a different business. Huh? Not a different. That's interesting. No. Okay. Well, thank you very much for the advice. I don't want to be on the list. When you're going? We're going in March. Great. It's our 10th anniversary. So the weather should be okay. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I'm wrong. I'm not fine. We're very excited. And you can live in here. I've been here and you talk about it for our first. Okay. Have a great time. You too. Thank you. Okay. Here's your hotel headquarters here. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, 05, 50, 5, 60. By the way, don't eat in McDonald's in a roll. Okay. I'm begging you. If you want to answer that and you're permitted to eat in McDonald's, Burger King, Kentucky Fry. Because the food there blows. But don't go to Italy and be eating in no McDonald's. Okay. Because you definitely will send somebody after you. Okay. Do not eat in McDonald's in a place like Rome. And the fact that they all of them, the Bill McDonald's, if you're on somebody ought to be good at. Okay. Poisoning the Italians with the American garbage, okay, that we continue spreading all over the world. All over the world. Go to every airport. And now we've got Burger King and McDonald's in the airport. All of the honest with you, it beats most of the food there feed you on the plane. Love my friends at Air Canada, but boy, you're food. Oh, man. You want chicken or you want mahi mahi or you want trouser trout? Well, but you like. Just give me a home and give me off this plane, please. 9 minutes after one at 5. 60 WQA. And hey, by the way, here's something everybody loves. In fact, even the mouse landing lady is probably, he's probably porking up a little bit from the standard of it. That's just a little bit. I don't want to say porking up. I mean, he's probably getting a little, uh, trouble you again. Because she's eating a Ben and Jerry's fish food. There you go. If you're going to get fat, if you're going to get, uh, you know, die from too much of that refined sugar. This is the way to do it. Believe me. Because it's back when they embody you have a big smile from ear to ear. And though, and they can put on your tombstone, killed by Ben and Jerry's fish food, but boy, what a way to go. What a way to go. That's right. It's in fact, if, uh, if you have a particular kind of digestive system like I do, Ben and Jerry's is even better than pizza loft. That's right. Wow. You'll need an extra toilet seat. If you have enough fish food. What is fish food with the pH? Well, it's, uh, chocolate ice cream loaded with gooey caramel and marshmallow. Just stripes and stripes of all that good stuff right through the middle of it. And little chocolate pieces shaped like fish kind of stewing all throughout that stuff. It is just unbelievable. And Ben and Jerry's continues to make the best, the most unique, the most unbelievably great flavors in the world like chocolate, cherry, Garcia or your regular cherry Garcia or New York Superfudge, chocolate chip cookie dough, chunky monkey, chubby, hubby, heat bar crunch, oh God, do I love that? And they're actually mashed too. And they also make a lot of these flavors and frozen yogurt, which is lower and fat, of course, but still tastes as great as the real thing. Ben and Jerry's isn't just another ice cream. It's an addiction. And it certainly isn't watery like that. I don't want to mention Hagenas. Like some of those ice creams that are watery or just filled with fillers. Ben and Jerry's is all the real thing. It's MS. So pick up 50 or 100 planted your favorite Supermarket or convenience store or visit your two Ben and Jerry's scoop shops in Miami. There's one in the oven to remove between zooming nails and AAMC theaters. There's one on Miami Beach at 7.60 Oceans Wrap. Or pick some up at my mobile space. Maybe you'll run into Wayne Arnold. This is 5.60. You way out. Hi. This is Gortenlitty and they don't come anywhere else than new Rogers. And now ladies and gentlemen, let's take it behind the scenes to talk with light types of himself. It's time to sink our teeth into the facts and move better to deal with that in Marbelberg. Marbelberg. Marbelberg is a Marbelberg and we're here with Mike Tyson and Mike right off the bat. What presents you to Mike here? That glove box. I understand Mike, but you're just trying to contract with Nike to promote boxing shoes. Yeah, these new shoes that going to be called, yeah, Tyson in the new slogan for Nike. Just to it. All right, Mike. I don't know if it fails to be a two-bit boxer. That's a real bad fight in common. Don't you think, Mom, how would you like it by both the rug from out under me? You? Hey, by the way, what can NBC stand for? Nibbo, fight in Trump? How about your lunch, pay for a cheerle? Fight me, Mom. You fight best, Mike. Coming to the season shall envelopes this Thanksgiving. Marbelberg at Mike Tyson in the real meal. Ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to nibbo. It's worth an immersion in the bar of spirit. Well, Ben, it's us. One 14 at 5.60, WCM. We haven't played that yet today, have we? No. Okay, we'll get to it. Here's Northmany Beach, hello. Hey, hello. Yes, sir. I got an interesting thought for you, does I kneel? No, like Dile does that. Lotion in the back is seen. Do you just play it? Yeah. Yeah. That guy just happened to be peddle of Dean. He wasn't bullet, but Nick, he wrote. Nicky, you wrote. Nicky, you wrote. Nicky, you wrote. Nicky, you wrote. M-my-c-k-e-y. Oh, you, I see. Oh, by the way, speed of that. Think of that. Isn't that interesting? Here's, um, where did I see that? Uh, was it in the Harold or the Sun Sentinel? They took a real shot at the him about how he might actually patch up his mediocre acting career? What was that? Oh, here it is. It's in the people column in the Harold this morning, in the last paragraph, of course, at the very ass end. Mickey wore this. This is the crystal ball for the coming year. It says Mickey wore it, rose as an actor when he gets breast implants to play the part of a trans sexual. Oh, there you go. Pretty sad. You know, that pretty sad fading fading. Alex, whatever it was, wannabe has been. Cronin, when you become a chronic collar on a radio talk show, that tells you that you're all Worst up. Why didn't he arrest him for saying Mickey, like, two mother f***er? I said, come over here. You're a f***er. I'll knock you out. That's what I said. Here's David. Hello. And you'll have a gun. Okay, sir. And that is pretty sad. You're calling these showies, being him and that bit their chronic son is, like, a mother father. Yeah, I've heard them before. A lot of rubber Humper team. I have a comment a question and then suck around, obviously. My comment is, my friend worked at pro player a couple years ago, and he told me that sometimes they wouldn't Flate the number of tickets available to put like fear in the fan. Oh, that doesn't work here. That doesn't work here. No, it doesn't work here. It's never had any impact. Okay. Yeah, that's true. I think the last couple years, they've had pretty good. You remember the Rams game when they were at 10,000 unsolved seats and never moved them. I mean, nothing happened. Yeah, it is kind of an event driven. That's what Hank always says also. It's a driven driven. Which is a nice way of staying a front running car. Yeah, that's a front running pony. In other words, if the other team has enough fans down here, like, a do in the giants come here or the jet. If the other team can put about 20,000 people in the seats, then we can maybe sell it out. That's true. And it's true. It's true, it's true. It's true. It's true. I mean, I'm going to say, again, here they got this, this micron PC a weekback or bull or last night. And they claim 44,000 people in there. And I turned it on just for a couple of minutes to see how many people were in the stands. And if there were 44,000 people, it's a miracle. You ever know that? That's what you have done. You ever noticed how the overhead shot. When you got a nice full stadium, it's like the wreckly overhead, the blimshot was like an angle where you can see like one side of the stadium. Even then it was like pathetic. You know, it was a whole upper deck last night was empty. Yeah, it was, it was, it looked like a marlin's game as a matter of fact. My question is, this whole buddy never in thing. The scene here gets because you keep, you know, bringing up the fact that it was like one of these bogus stories you had on the radio. No, he just takes my gut's period. I don't know what the reason being for it, but he just, he despises me. He's one of these thones in the print media who like to put on an act and pretend that they like you and their your body. And they'll call you and suck around for information. And then I'll stab you in the back like that thing about I wasn't registered to vote. Which I never said I was registered to vote. Right. And you know, he puts it in like a big expose. I guess it hopes that it would somehow discredit me and he audience would all go a diving away because they don't didn't vote or whatever. Right. This is a stick, but that business about the radio pedophile ring. You know, and again, that must be a part of it because there was no such ring. There was no such story. There was never any follow up in his guy, you know, suck his editors in a putting it on the very front page and it just blew up in smoke. There were most other people that got in can for that. That kind of irresponsible journalism. And now this guy pretends to be some kind of like a political maven writer that writes basically if it's no more than a goddamn political gossip column, once a week in a sun's Sentinel. He ought to be lucky. Work for the hell. They tolerates stuff like that. That's come soon. Oh, I'm sorry. It's come soon. Correct. One other thing. Do you play AC in bits? Yeah. I don't know if this is AC in, but do you remember a bit called indictments? And it was, I think, a Marion Barry. Oh, yeah. A bit. That was pretty good. If you can find that one and play it. Well, the problem is I got to, I got, oh, Jesus. I just, not. Oh, no, my toilet's safe. Jesus. Quite a bit in break. Jesus. It was called Marion Barry indictments. But the problem is, I guarantee it's not in the, they're golden library, which they call it's more like an olden library. Let's see, Marion, probably not in the abolish for it. Okay, and could I be on the list of these? Okay, hang on. Thank you. Isn't that what it would be under? That would be it's not. It's not in here. American comedy network, you're all your oldy, oldy library, really blows. Bring week, bad. It'd be bad. Oh, my toilet's safe. Oh, thank God. Didn't break. Because my good, close personal friend there got me real quality. One, a real good one. Oh, thank God for that. Can you imagine? Yeah, just the idea of having to slip around for another couple of days. Look at an inserture of a toilet seat. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I need you. How are you? Great. I don't want any tickets. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Okay. I got stuck on I'm 95 yesterday. Yeah. So I got off and I was going down newest one because I was on my way to for a lot of deal. Around seven to a meal. And I was going to be there all people on the road. Oh, it was terrible. Yeah. Terrible. You can't even see the surface. Even on the best of days. When we used to when we've done our appearances at Aventea, like when we were at Ben and Jerry's here a couple of months ago, and you drive out of there and you try desperately to get to 95. So you can get out of that part of town as fast as possible. Right. I mean, Aventea is just the meaning age there's 140. I was ready to kill myself. There's a five miles an hour in the middle of cattle. I was just going to see the jiggle. And then closing everybody over 100 should drop dead. Okay. Okay. A lot more room on a highway. I guarantee that. All right. All you people over the age of 100, then I know and you okay. But even Bob Hope, I don't think he's going to make it that far. Nice knowing you. Just time to check out. When it doubts your say, we're going to check out. Just hop on a bus. And maybe we can find a place. Okay. Like, your obese would be good. Huh? That's a real courses as a place. Viral be your. Sure. Huh? Yeah. The west code. That would be good. There's plenty of old parts over there. In fact, in Saint Peter'sburg, the grandparents of the dead people here all live in Saint Saint Pete. That would be good. There's a lot of a lot of open spaces over there. Or maybe one of those islands they have over there. You know, like, those real quiet islands everybody keeps slupping to and I have no idea why. Like Santa Belt. Well, why do people go there? I'll tell you why because there's too many going in this state. That no that's the problem. People that have no idea of where to really go to have a good time. We go to Cepteva. We go to Santa Belt. And, you know, and every time somebody says that I have one question. Why? Yeah, I mean, well, what are you thinking about? You've got a vacation. How many vacation is even the worst tool? It gets a lot of a vacation. Not as much as the program director gets 30 weeks a year. But, you know, Santa Belt Islander, Cepteva. What are you thinking about? Why? Yeah. Oh, it's nice and quiet there. So fine. So lock yourself in a house and, you know, get a big giant economy. Size jar of gasoline. Have a good time or something. Go into your quiet. For some people, I really know where to go. Like North Carolina, George. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, happy New Year. In the same view. And, uh, happy anniversary. Hey, um, I was on, uh, 95 yesterday for northbound. Yeah. I was doing a speed limit. I had to tie with the troll pull up behind me. He turns his wife on and pulls me over. He told me I was speeding. I said, how was I speeding when I was 255? Because I clocked you doing 65. I said, there's no way. He gives me a ticket for $200. He tells me to go on my way. So now what should I do about this? What's your, you do call it ticket defense team? I'll get you off. And try to fight with them. What do you mean, dad? I'm trying to get it. They'll get it thrown out. Don't get it thrown out. Just about guaranteed. Um, and one of the, is that the list? What is it? Okay, hang on. Hang on. If you're phone don't crap, I'll get the right away. Oh, is it too late? Is this wrong? No. Kind of like his phone was just about on the verge of taking a big. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Me, how are you doing? Great. Happy New Year, Happy Anniversary and happy Hock. Thank you so much. Oh, you're a tissue book. I am just, you know, I have to agree with you with this whole service in the reach of industry. Miami. It has been absolutely atrocious. I mean, it was never good, but it is getting worse and worse. And you go and any kind of a store now. And you finally get to the checkout. If you ever get whatever it is you're looking for. And you get to the checkout. And they are so indifferent and so lack of days ago. I mean, I mean, realize those people are making a lot of money. But tough crap. I mean, if they decided to take the job, that's that their decision. They have responsibility to pay attention at least. Hey, I worked in the retail industry when I was in high school. And I didn't treat anybody with the time. Right. I've done the same thing. And in this and see. And I mean, I wasn't in a major office supply store. You know, just recently getting some stuff. And I, I saw this man who was bewildered with the printers. And he asked this young lady who obviously worked there, worked by and he goes, By the way, can you help me with these things? Oh, no, no, you have to ask somebody else. I'm just a cashier. And he just walks away. Yeah. He doesn't even say, oh, no, oh, my God. You know, I'll find somebody for you. Yeah. I mean, it's just, it's been ridiculous. Anyway, another thing I want to talk to you. If there was 44,000 people. I know my already unemployment. Hi, hi, my already unemployment. It is also a cultural thing. So maybe one day to the other. Yes. I think the managers are just in fear that they're not going to be able to fill those positions. Because nobody wants to work with the law. Well, I think there are a lot of pressure. You know, forgetting the certain amount of minorities in there in these stores. They have to do that EOE thing and the EO, whether they call these. And as a result, they just look together when they don't see it. But I'm going to tell you when a place as good and prestigious as my dog, Whereas public has a bunch of us slackers doing that at the express plane. I take great the exception of that. There's no excuse for that. You'll have a great one. And you too. Bye bye. We'll crap a back in like, hey, and you know, you're standing there and you're watching it. And it's not like not like you're doing it behind your back. You're standing there and they're talking back and forth. And maybe whoever's doing the back in the groceries, It's just sloppin' them in there. You're not even looking at them or paying any attention because they're having a conversation. They're just doing this like they're doing a favor. This isn't their job. They're not getting paid for this. They're doing the big favor. But just kind of sloppin' a crap in the bag, okay? Man. But it must, and maybe it's a cultural thing, you know, It's like doing the Ikki Shuffle or something. 125 at 5.60 WQA. Where's my meat? This is Debbie. Hello, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's from tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation, because medical press is the very face gift. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. I'm wondering. Or is it like a steroid? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know. It would be right. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'm going to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet, Mommy? Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that one with you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I'd like to know what's in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the... What's the lotion in the basket? Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the business. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. No. Oh, I think she hung up. Yeah. Oh, God. 131 at 560WQ. When we got Bill's info for Hankett too, we got Josh Friedman at 6. We got Yelda Y7 at it for the pregame show and the Panthers in the Penguins 739. Okay. Drawing time. Okay. We don't have a drum roll. How about a... We do? We have a drum roll. Since when? Always have. We have never had a drum roll. Jerry. Jerry. By the way, we have the... All your names are numbered. You have tickets to offer out of them. It's a little bit... EATED by John Lough, it's a... EATED by the... The thing. Good. With the... what do you call that? The Worley Burjamaca. Number... 20. 20. Who is? Carole. Oh, my God. A woman got her. Oh, somebody's gonna be... These guys gonna be foaming at the moment. I'll look up the... Hold, hold, hold, hold. Huh? What? The fact that they're all dropped off. There's other... There are other people coming on. They really have something to say. Like we're disappointed that the free loaders dropped off. Am I worried about that? No. Forget about that. That's okay. So, number 20. There is the winner, George. Carolyn, whoever you are, and George will be given your call and then enjoy the game. And you've got your parking pass and two great club streets. And you're welcome and have a happy new year. And whichever team you're pulling for. Why? Sure. Hope that wasn't a build span. I don't remember which one we don't ask for names when they call. But boy, I sure hope because the rest of these people of East Side Coddick still be foaming at the mouth of that was the woman from a buffalo. Maybe it was Mrs. Buffalo Bill. Here's sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, um, I've roomed before I got married. My roommate was a manager of publics. And he would come home every night. So pissed off because all those little end words that he had to fire. And you got to go through stacks and stacks of applications of re-tarded 15 year olds that wanted to job. What a second. Yeah. I know. I mean, he was mad mad mad. That's a good order. Of course. A drop off after he gave away to them. Yeah, but everybody else, they're all replaced. Everybody's on there. All the real colors are back. Yeah. I'm sorry that they had to put up with like two and a half hours of free looming. All right. Neil, you're great. Have a great new year. I've been new year. Bye. You have too bad. You know, what's he's used to to be for this? You know, they're cultural thing. Is that what we're going to be hearing about? And I'm not saying it's only members of ethnic minorities that do this, but I certainly do not say much greater lack of sensitivity to the, I need to the customers. You know, I'm talking about you get the message. That's right. Have a bunch of punk kids then they're talking trash back and forth. And they're like, like, you're not even there. Like you're the invisible man. Like I'm re-melland or something. Oh, there'd be a customer here. Well, hey, so anybody at night 730, you know, roof is kind of a amy. I'm not interested in hearing that crap. Talk about it during the interludes when there's nobody online. And especially when you are the only person online, like I happen to be at that Express check out a public several days ago. There's nobody behind me. So, you know, bag the stuff, giving my change and then finish your conversation. But I get a lot of the way here already. You got plenty of time to talk BS. Talk online. That's right. Unacceptable. You know, and this is the problem. Let me in a country where we have to pamper everybody. You want to do the job fine. If you want to socialize, great. It's just like the thing with a hockey game. If you want to watch the game, if you're there to pay attention, fine. If you want to socialize, go out in the hallway. It's a big, gigantic, beautiful, luxurious place. Go in the T-Roman, compare each other's, ah, fuck, be a god. Okay, compare notes. Man. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Um, the other day I got put on the super talk. Yeah. I was about six o'clock in the afternoon and something weird. Really? Really weird on there. Apparently, she's only on from three to six. Six o'clock. What if there's a large asses on from London to three, right? Who is on it six o'clock? Wherever he was, it was Monday, around six. I didn't get a name. He's talking about how he left town and went to Arizona. Yeah. And he took us. He didn't want to work for Lisa. Oh, Tom like his. That's a syndicated choice. Oh, that's what they said. Oh, that's what they said. Oh, okay. They mentioned the fact that he left in the middle of the night and sculpted. Yeah. Yeah. He talked about that. Because I beat the crap out of him in the ratings and he left the night. Oh, is that why he left? Right. Oh, okay. He can't. He was going to be a matcha. When I left WNWS and went to ING, he was the replacement. And he got a customized license plate that said Neil, who. And then when the first full rating book came out and I had a seven-sharing here at three, he left like a, no, seriously. He left it like a middle of the night. He didn't resign. He didn't tell him. And he drove off the Arizona on the working out there for a while. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what he was talking about. He's a third burger. He's a crap. And I couldn't figure out who the hell he was. I knew you would know. Yeah, I call him Tom don't like us. That's him. And if. Well, anyway. That's another syndicated choice coming out of the West Coast. There's a more. He's not there at ING. I mean, it's they've taken virtually all the live shows off of that station. Destroyed it. The ball I've got been as broken from three to three to three. And we're concerned to be in the morning, start on and change. No, that's going to be a, I'm not going to be a listen to that. Right. God, I've got your tapes. Okay. If I didn't have your tapes, I would kill the guests all the time. Okay. All right. I'm happy to hear. Thank you. Bye. So how do you like that? Peter Bolton. By the way, here's a great facts. Somebody has backed the people's ear. It says Neil is right in asking how you sleep at night. After making the surgeon to fire Rick and Sudius back to that. After Rick's cheerful plea, then you have the audacity to go on. Tell everyone we have to put our strong issue on mornings. Really? You have to put them on mornings. I thought you were going to fire them Pete and it goes on and on. Straight facts. Thank you very much Mr. Routipee or PP or whoever you are. And that's what Pete ought to be wiping with with T.P. Because he is walking. He really is. He's a walking turd. Brewer Bolton. He's walking. That's right. I'm too legs. I mean, you know, it's one thing. It's one thing to protect yourself and everybody's better. You've got to look out for their job. But to be such a professional suckhold, and such a coconut dagger is sass and like he is. And to lie about anything and everything, I mean, if the guy told you what day of the week it is, you'd start to call and Joe was already to get a calendar to make sure. There's nothing this man could tell me to with that I would believe you. And the answer by the way, if what's your name? Rana. If Rana is wondering if I might ever work for that organization under any circumstances, even after I should leave here, the answer is no chance. No, no, you sure? No, yes. 22 till 2 at 5.50 WQA. If you can't show how many more performers over this performance by the golfers. Tonight, on Prime News, Actress Wendy Day will demonstrate Fred's Alpha Damination. First and foremost, the procedures for self-examination are identical no matter what size you may have. This regard the fact that I have 40 WDU and just pay attention to first teacher. First, I'm but in the bra as I'm doing here. It's important to be a specialist in your examination. I like to go over the same area of more than one. Sure. And I like to start from the other region and work my way to the center. In Mr. Kimmerson. Oh, that's just perfect. Join Wendy Day at demonstrate Fred's Alpha Damination on Prime News all this week. One 42 at 5.50 WQM. I was pretty interesting, so I get to two lovely sweaters in there. They're lovely from a barrens and because I went in there and was asking some, I never went in there in my life. Well, like I said, it was really an interesting time ahead of me. But anyway, so here's the fact that Jacksonville Jaguar is fan of Resident First telling two tickets for six cents over the legal profit margin. As settled with the city after he sued their ass. So I can't just even David, I think that's a bad fact of largo received 25 dollars from the city. The city's donating the money to the Jaguar's foundation to buy tickets for under privileged children. He was arrested November 15 after police at a sold and undercover officer to tickets each at 28 cents more than their face value. A city ordinance is people can sell a ticket for no more than 25 cents above face value. He was like six cents over the limit and he sued their ass and he said, okay, here's 25 dollars bucks. Please go away and he said, okay, I do like that. Like I said, it's a police state baby. They're worried about this crap. But at any time in Miami, they shoot each other like flies. Yes, someone's impersonating you. Meaning what? Joe Castelo just called to say that he was in barrens and they were telling him the whole story about how you were in there. And you were a great guy and you kissed somebody on the hand and all this stuff. All of these things. I've never been in barrens in my life. It was probably fat rich. Oh yeah, he's no he was this is the stunt he pulled years ago. He's probably back out of the ganna fat rich is probably back to an edigan. You know, maybe things are a little bit tight. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Wow, almost as neurotic. Here's a coral game. Tell us. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Call the sucker off for some tickets, I guess I was late. Yeah, sorry about that. I like talking to you anyway. Hey, went to the rent a centa the other day. The rent a centa? Yeah. Why did they put it? I got so many old people working on the old. Oh, yeah. And then I didn't even know where anything is. Because it's the rent a centa. And as far as a new user in Vegas, it's great man. I had a great time. A couple years ago on your recommendation. Yeah, I actually went. I can't sell all my head that plans to go this weekend. I can't sell it all because I need to do well, you know, just, that's legit. Vegetable man. It is for new user especially. It's like, well, you're right. All right, man. Take it easy. And have a good new. Yeah. Around the clock, baby, in Vegas, you'll be up 24 hours a day. You'll be a rocket in stock and then punching your brains up. Maybe get a little bit lucky. That's where the action is. I don't care what bull crap anybody tries to pedal you there. Oh, and guess last night, I'm channel surfing. You won't believe. You won't believe whose act, Larry King sucked for an entire hour last night. And the reason I know that, I didn't watch obviously through the whole hour. You can't think. He can't run us for the whole hour. You'll have in a million years speaking of Vegas, you'll never guess who he stuck, who's as he kissed for a whole hour last night. I'm gonna close. No, seriously, a Vegas entertainer. Lot of here. He speaks here with a phone call. Yeah. Wayne, the, yes, Wayne, the, and then they'll do it that. Yeah, likely story. Kitt is that sucked so hard that it was the head of keep wiping his eyes. And I like the way Wayne's NBC. I see them, uh, close the, uh, laughing story. He talks to his teeth, you know, with a real funny shit. And that's what's in here, kind of thingy those. And then at the end of the show, I turned it back on. Larry is going, I was pictures about how fat while I said what I do is in between the, when the hockey game was on. And I flip back over and show pictures of when we used to be fat real fat. At any time, you could cut back to him. He's still like a mountain. You know, he's hiding behind the, uh, the thing there, but he's enormous. He kept making his, strange sounds. These strange, I can't do it like he does. He's like, yeah, in fact, even Brian Roe is not in his league. What it comes to making us, the strange, civil, kind of sound. You don't talk about it about it. And then they'll do it better. Yeah, thanks. Well, Dr. Ray. Well, me trust you, though. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, fellow. I don't mean it. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, so happy and a verse right. I have a new year. Yeah. I enjoy your show so much. Of course. Yeah. Roe's in the wilderness. Uh, those people that were calling, I mean, it was really heart-wending. The story. Oh, yeah. And I can't talk about it. I'll stop in nothing to make up while I was there. I was like, I got to hit 14 splinters in his rectum. That wouldn't 12. So you hit that crack. Yeah, that was good. That's my only. I tried to get through and it was busy. And the almost instantly, you picked the name, the line. Oh, hello. A whole changing altitude boy. As soon as I gave that, uh, did the drawing and all of a sudden it was like, open the skies. No, you're too moved. Uh, I put it in the subject base, but boys used to be an avid fan. And they give us no explanation. Uh, and a long ago morning, though, uh, was on the TV. And he was almost caught. Yeah. And he said, we can't, we can't give anymore. Okay. Well, me trust you. Yeah. Well, thank you. I enjoy your show. Okay. Well, listen, you're spare time over the holidays. What's less than take up a collection. Get on a street corner. Get yourself a cup. And maybe we can help you to go out. Yeah, right. I think we should do that. Have a happy. You too. Maybe, maybe, buddy. Neven. He knows what good charities you're all about. Maybe we can get, uh, bald either. We've got a cough up a few million free to the players to tie them over through these really, uh, hardened tough times. Uh, are we willing to do that? No. Here's, uh, Pembroke time. Hello. It puts the lotion in the back. Yes. Yeah. And it's it. That was a mentally of his material. Three weeks or on a scale of 10, I give it about a minus infinity. Pretty weak. Two open lines in day now. All of a sudden, five six are can't imagine why. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T while it's lying. Tomorrow being December 31st, I'm curious. You think we ought to like, uh, do part two of what I did last week? Because there's a lot of stuff I didn't like the last half of the alphabet in the year. I've got DCS I never got to. So probably we ought to do that tomorrow and honor the holiday because it is New Year's Eve. And we don't expect why to get an all busy and tanked up for the holiday, but I don't expect you to be making a phone calls to the show tomorrow. Maybe one or two. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Thank you, sir. Happy and I appreciate it to John and Lake Worth. I just think you'd have to back. Yes, John. What a great American this is. Well, I feel honored. You've actually read three of them this week. Was they all been good? I think I have. I am the one and only who penned that letter to Rona Wolfe. Yeah. I got that ridiculous reply. How do you like that reply? You ought to be very proud that you got that. Another line facts from people, you're about how we have to put our strongest talent on the morning. And here's the guy that was going to blow them out. Yeah. Let me tell you what. I've been listening to you right around the time of the film and the Rick and Sads. I don't want to bring all that up again. But I guess it's been about what four years. Yeah. The radio industry amongst these types of shows to me is so predictable. It's not even funny. I mean, this change that he made. I mean, you know, but I can even tell that it's going to fail. Right. Within the first three months. I mean, it's not going to go anywhere. I'd to put them in the morning. That's why I wrote that letter. And you know, no, being the cheap ass now for that they are, you know, they're not going to give them any more support in the morning than I would you gave them in the morning. And then they're not going to do anything with them and they're just there either way. I don't believe that. But I mean, as I stated in the letter, the competition, the competition, they were unmatched in the afternoon with the exception of Hank. Right. Okay. The competition in the morning, Palm Beach, they can forget about it. Everybody's about Palm and Palm fans with time. So I'm kind of like torn in between the two. But the one good thing is that now I don't have to cut back to the first team during the commercial's of Palm and Tom. I mean, the nearer of you starting Monday. Oh, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. But it's just, you know, it's so unpredictable. And especially like you said, putting growth back on in the afternoon. But I mean, she, she flopped the first and again, the story, which I tend to believe knowing Pete Bolger and his erratic behavior, the idea that they ran into each other at a tire kingdom of store. Yeah. And while they're sitting there waiting for their tires to get for their rubber to get done. No, actually, you misunderstood. She was changing tires. Yeah, I believe that. Okay. And he said, hey, you need a better job. Yeah, right. I mean, I've got, I've got, I've got, I've got. Listen, I believe that if you ever met Brooke, you totally, you totally, you totally, you totally know, hard for you. Yeah. I think. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to see a security device in your car. And I actually happened to come in the control room with George on that day. So I've met her and I'll tell you what, all these guys that think she's got that poultry voice and all these guys that she's got, look in woman. They've got another thing coming to him that they actually saw her. But, listen, I just wanted to say, um, as far as these sports teams go, okay, with the ticket prices and everything. I, my own prediction is probably within the next five years. All pro sports teams, all of them will be paid for you. Yeah, it could be. I mean, you're going to have to pay to cable companies. It's going to be a paid channel. There'll be more sports channel type things because there's no way that can't possibly squeeze the fans anymore than they already have. They can't raise the parking anymore than they've already have. So the only other option for them and, and the, the, the, the, the, the, the networks aren't going to pay. Certainly any more than they have, especially for the mediocre crap that we're watching. Yeah. The only other real way to do this to have some sort of, of, of pay for preview. What do you think? Well, I, if, if they last that long. I mean, you know, the NBA, who knows what's going to happen with them after this year gets canceled? And baseball, what he's crazy shallow is I think they're going to see a tremendous fan revolt this year. It's going to be ridiculous. And, and who knows how long they're going to last? No, I know. And, and a hockey, there's so many franchises that are in big trouble Pittsburgh Penguins. They, they say they can, they're going to play one more year after this evening. They're in the after that if they don't film them in a week, they're going to move probably to Kansas City. Whatever happened to the already failed before. Whatever happened to the, you possibly get in a piece of the team that didn't pan out. They still, they go in 25 million. And there's still not painted by the way. No, I know. And I'd like to see what's going to happen. They're going to have to go chat through whatever it is. They already did. They went chapter 11. They had about 20 million from a friend from a foreign bank just to meet the payroll for the year. Well, listen, in closing, I have never called in for free tickets, but if you ever have front row for a public execution of winning high thing that you put me down. Okay, John. I love having a investor, in fact. Okay, there's John from Lake Worth who's a great color and factored by the way. It's 1.52 at 5.50 WQM. Hey, listen, year and scores. You don't have to worry about bowl games about playoff games. We're talking about cigar scores. And also, I have that nice friendly cough. Probably from too many goddamn cigars. But hey, listen, you'll love, especially with New Year's man. You've got to have yourself a big fat one in your post on New Year's Eve. That's the only way to ring in the New Year. So go down the next today, order them all, and get yourself a one there or a whole bunch of their great cigars. Next have got five brands rated in the top 25 in the universe by the latest edition of December edition of cigar insider magazine every year. At the end of the year, they published the best cigars of the year. And out of the best cigars of 1998, five of them are from Nick cigars. So another would day scored as well or better than some of the big names in the industry like Ohiba and Monaco, Christo and Opus X and La Croix de la Croix de la Corbana. So if you want to really get a great cigar in the affordable price and not get ripped off, you'll get premium cigars, the factory direct prices only at Nick's. Believe you, we've got it to the operation down there, and cherry all the work and care that goes in to make an each and every one of these great cigars. Whether you like something mild, whether you like something really strong, be sure and check out their new Pradooma reserve line, which also made that top list. It is absolutely outstanding. Next cigar is 71 11 West Flagler. Just take the Palmetto Expressway right to Flagler Street. You make a left. You go east one, mom. You're right there at the door. Call 305. 2669907. Happy holidays from all our good friends at Nick cigars. Six Sunday long in your bus. Six yard six at Nick. This is five 60. 2 AM.