Lowering out your ass. So even though here in Florida, I mean we knew that the juxtapes are going to be the governor because you know you run a dead man against them. If they were to run a real candidate they could have been pretty goddamn interesting you know it's part of all those acubes of other for Bush. Come on each deck. I'm going to use this same old crap and you know the sad part about this whole thing is that is great as magnificent as an evening as it was around the country for those people who are going to elect a bit tiller the Han. You can't you can't find out what tells going on. The coverage of this between the newspapers which evidently go to bed like the old people but like not a clock at night in this town and then watching this morning you know we start talking a little bit this morning Barbara box you're a little bit of this a little too much new language but what did we show it is currently brown year out sweaty but what did we see on every network on every newscast what was the only reference to evener being an election yesterday made on the rest of this radio station as in this morning coming to work. Jessie the body Ventura. There you go Governor Minnesota. He has been on a guarantee he's been on more than new Cambridge more than the Dickib hard more than the Bubba more than all these other people put together. The winners, the losers, the other side it. Jessie the body Ventura the media you people are crazy. I mean it's a cute story you know it's interesting. But is that is that the big story of what happened yesterday in the election. Oh Jesus Christ in the Sarah man. Jessie the body Ventura is there you go because the media I'll give an example last night I'm watching CBS news as I do every night six thirty on Channel 4 and Dan Reddish says breathlessly and we're gonna be back and start making some calls right after the you know after the breaks of the clock is the polls close to the good in Florida. Seven o'clock is Channel 4 stick with the CBS. No I flip over to Channel 10 that they stick with ABC. No because we got to get inside addition or whatever they puff a tabloid news stories on four and they got to get squeal fortune there on 10. So I have to start dealing with my big satellite addition find a CBS affiliate and the first thing they're announcing is a jet bush wins in Florida are the local stations reporting this in seven o'clock. No because they're too busy with their usual with echo drive and with whatever they're putting on your budget. You people in the media and for example look at this look at that read one Senate in the vada by about like two votes. Very read but those and I'm trying to find stuff out this morning and I want you to always guide them shows I'm looking at these newspapers which are useless because like I said they went to bed a hundred hours ago. So I know the medical marijuana thing passed in Vegas in Nevada that's the only one I can find out. That's the up to the pass in California I don't know or the district of Columbia or in Alaska while the other states who was on a ballot I have no idea. Did Bob Doran lose which your print were hoping to bring in California don't know. Do know that the Democrats picked up five maybe 60 to the house. The Senate is a wash Republicans who are going to pick up five or six gets a they picked up nothing 5545 just the way it was and instead after state all of our guy then country the message was just say no to the right wing extremist okay for example I right here in Florida on that equal rights measure on the ballot revision number nine and all poured David Kate and over there with a Florida fist association in the Tampa he's all bent out of shape because they were leading the that's right the Tampa based Florida family association lobbied hard against the measure and part because they feel the constitutional change makes it easier for gay to challenge they laws against gay marriage even though it says absolutely nothing about that and there's nothing to do with that they also said the amendment was unnecessary because women were already protected by the Constitution. David Kate and blame the defeat on the amendments language which he believes is misleading who's been about against something called basic rights he said we knew we had an uphill battle most people don't have the depth of understanding what this amendment could do he said his group would lobby the legislation next year to clarify that amendment number nine should not be legally interpreted to come to the current marriage laws and you know what the lose again just like they do all the time David Kate and his old group a 50-old misfits over there in the west coast the Florida fifth this association whatever the hell I have had for you and amendment number 12 there on the gun on the gun shows and all that on the bull crash passed overwhelmingly again there you go but trying to redefine out some serious meaningful information out there is almost impossible because they're all worked up into a frenzy about Jesse the body ventured area go the big news story we just had a major election here which usually these midterm elections aren't that important but this one comes in the middle of this demonic engage and all the other crap that's going on and the attempted one of those coup by a bunch of right wing lunatics self-identified as the Christian coalition whatever hell you are permission a crazy goyem and it's interesting that like in North Carolina where Edward's beat the anxious locked fair plot there the incumbent who's good buddies with the Ken Star that 23% of the born again Christians the uh and curcritching coalition voted for the Democrat there so just like the FFA like the Florida fifths of the association these are people who like to exaggerate not that they would ever lie of course because they know that they're good Christian but like to exaggerate their numbers and their cloud so that's the one thing to hang on to in this country is that as long as we still have free elections the overwhelming majority of people in all of the country just say no to a Christian can tell them to blow it out the rest like Bob Deckle said this morning just blow it out your ass stick it we don't want to do with you if you're not gonna tell anybody how to live go to hell to which we say all right nine minutes after ten to five sixty w to qm you tried the seven to ten and five sixty w to qm so they're probably gonna be people say well you know we wasted our time yesterday we ran out there and voted and Bush still won but you know something that was a good practice real good practice good example for the go out there and get off you did ask and not just want to let a bunch of far-bison or right-wing lunatic one year god damn life because uh come near two thousand I mean the democrats have picked up at five maybe six seats in the house and Baba didn't go anywhere okay so I hate to break the news to Ken's star and new king rich and Trent lot and all these other Nazis but he's not going anywhere but think of an idea of my frustration see these I'm realize that it was pay for seven deadline that got to go to bed by a certain the length of time but Jesus Christ here's a brilliant article in the Harold no less and the Harold was far ahead of the sunset and sunset almost to put the bed about eight o'clock last night they put the paper to bed because they didn't even really have even on a front page they don't have the thrust of the whole story sixty four years since there was a midterm election when the party in power and the white house actually gains seats and didn't lose seats in the midterm election sixty four years since that's happened did I find any the answers oh nothing and I'm still watching here and you can bet on your idea if you're a big wrestling fan just turn the TV on okay flip the channels every twenty minutes on a right on that little tone okay as soon as you that tone that's the one you'll see Jesse the body ventura because that's what the media figures in the message out of the election last night let me say it again you people in the media wasn't bad enough what you've done with this penis gate and just upset 26 hours a day that's not bad enough but now we got a professional wrestler who looks like he just came up a guy damn spaceship who's the governor of Minnesota first of all who gives a crap about Minnesota when you come right down with is anybody care no should anybody care no although he is for legalized prostitution let's hear it for Jesse the high there he go legalized prostitution and he's still one even with all those good Swedes up there those Nazis in Minnesota with their blonde here in blue eyes I'll leave a good so does anybody in this audience can you give me an answer on the al al aguttman who's very popular in little revanna like anybody also no matter what kind of a criminal they may be as long as they got the right last name and they speak at a party 60 some percent of the Cuban population voter you see a look at other states like California 75% of the Hispanic voter for Barbara boxer and for the governor there Mr. boredom but for non-nir florida Hispanic in fact blacks choose women and non-cubin Hispanics all over America voted overwhelming redemocratic how do you like that I'm geez all facts is gonna put them in there too why not so where we have the problem is we have like the wasst males out there cross America who just can't get it all they like Jesse the body though because that's that much of thing you know and then we have the Cubans and they've come to come to come at least a thought thought thought for it never gonna change their hopeless not all just most here's a mobile in pomp and oh hello yeah you know it's funny you know you talk about the segments you just named the voters and you know blacks what is care to crap out of them down here in Carolina saying they're gonna have burning crosses in your backyard but we're done that let me tell you this what is a democrats done for the blacks you can't read they can't talk and uh no and then you saw like you're doing a real good job too my little red racist friend there you go he's all been out of shape you better get you into a path because you're out okay you end your elf you're all out you've had your day and you blew it because you were too busy worried about who was blowing it in the White House instead of worried about taking care of business and taking care of real issues that people care about so you can badmouth all you want blacks who this group or that group or ever had you want the fact is you lose oh there's our first call today it's good one open line in power two and day five six seven oh five sixty comp five six the on the AT and T wireless line my good red neck friend like I said those are the ones we have the problems with the red neck uh wasp mail in America a lot of problems with them getting at a message because they don't like nobody here's a mobile in Miami hello you know how my batteries about to crap out but if you look and put good uh electric results you go to your computer uh MSNB can't do that now black and MSNBC put it under guys and television station instead of having I'm a sitting there stick out pen and there's no this morning and putting chewing gum on the side of his face why can't they have the election return is on it and like put it on a on a squolar so you can see and then instead of waiting through 55 interviews with Jesse the body venture up because they suck the last night as a fuel clock medical marijuana was passing pretty easily in Washington Colorado and Nevada right I did that to the Alaska results because they were coming up late and what about the time came in I think it was I didn't know that it was on in California yes it was I thought it was being reauthorized in areas no it was on the panel let me say it again it was definitely on the ballot in California and it was on a DC too right yeah but obviously we don't know about those well if you got somebody got access to computer go to MSNBC you can look at every result for every state salad initiative etc okay all right thanks there you go so we got to get what did you get the answer on Jordan and got me it no Jordan long oh Jordan lost it won't be screaming about voter fraud there's that he's out not the a card carrying tail Hitler son of a big snotsie is out for good say about him and and got me one by 208 votes got man one by 209 votes because the crazy crazy right wing we hate feedale I wonder I wonder what his barger was among the Cuban voters in the county huh do you think he got like 99% of the Cuban vote in the Alberta government who is under indictment on Medicare fraud money laundering with this tampering charges but still popular in his little long van and neighborhood Miami we like Alberta or Philip Ray train communist communist come on instagram at a corn, at a corn, come on instagram same old crap so like I said you know jet bush winds and florida's an aberration because he was running against the dead man not because you really brought anything to the table and he's looking at a few blacks and Jews along the way this time passing himself off as much more moderate than the first time you ran but he's still the same piece of crap he George W. Bush in Texas he doesn't bother me at all he's a good governor and he won in the landslide and also got a big chunk of the Hispanic vote there which is an aberration because he's doing a great job and he's not an extremist he's not one of these right wing goody two shoes for a funny balloony good Christian type of guys which yeah bush of course in Florida we know is controlled by those people so you know damn well in the near 2000s gonna be al Gore against George W. Bush lots of bush baby it's the bush fee for the bush fee boomer go to right in the bush so that's your choice okay so again gonna be kind of a wooden guy who we a lot like Al Gore little buddies kind of boring but he's okay against George W. Bush who also by the way is by the fact that being a governor is very boring if you're seeing him speak just look at him and all my stuff you start going off into a coma when you look at George W. Bush in fact he makes daddy look pretty exciting and he wasn't too much rolling wow that's why it goes here's my baby trouble yes sir I don't know story yesterday I went to go vote yeah and there was you know there's people to stand in front of the the polls giving out pamphlets as you walk in yeah well I mean there's people there that with their bush oh shit the bush and they want to give you a pamphlet I said no thank you as I'm walking away they got decides to call me an asshole really yeah as I'm walking into to cast my vote he's an asshole yeah and I was gonna vote for Bush and I ended up voting for my K there you know why did you call you an asshole there if you were gonna work for the moon they didn't take the pamphlets that I know that you know whatever well because it didn't take the appropriate of that made you an asshole yeah wow that's good yeah this kind of about like you know almost 60 years old and I just wrote about the know thank you and then I heard a mumble asshole as I'm walking in I just turned around and I'm like whoa I mean it was probably one of those good Christians by the way yeah that's what it wrote probably was okay I want more things yes sir I mean Jesse the body even poorer yeah I just was watching a little thing the same I mean he doesn't want to be known as the body not only wants to be known as the mind Jesse the mind just he's a brain venturi yeah yeah yeah well you know people vibral okay thanks just because you know okay we got one call I've done a board I can see that there's a tremendous a tumultuous response to this morning both in bringing us answers to my questions about things that went on last night and people that are really all fired up but you know something who cares because this is Florida as I was sitting there last night because we already knew that Bush was going to when he was head by like 50,000 points a couple weeks ago and he didn't really win a landslide he won by 12 points big margin but out of not a gigantic lot all of you look around the state I think it's kind of humorous defective around over here in four miles I think that's amusing you want to know why now four miles is in uh... call your county am I correct am I right about that or is it in leek county is napals in concert I really have no idea I guess napals might be in uh... cod your county and for miles might be in leek county but it's a very garlic in leek county mcagot 43,000 votes in Bush got 79,000 like almost double and a cod your county which I guess is napals uh mcagot 17,000 in bush got 42,000 like uh two and a half times I mean no concert, no local contendry fact the k-only one five counties in the entire state he won gags and leon a latchwood just barely pombie and broard he won broard really big shagawals post right next to him he won broard really big but course nobody showed up in brod they had like forty-some percent of the vote and brod nobody showed up in brod because most of the people are got their walkers there constantly bags it's too much effort to go out there and uh who'd I want to do that your correct about your counties what napals is call your yeah that's what I thought because you look on a mad little map here and I stopped by the way which paper position or the sun sent will finally did something good that's good now this is a hero what I said much better coverage in a hero this boy with a sun sent will how embarrassing they give you like a little map and they show you county back county and the names of the county instead of just a little blob on it yeah a collar county is napal some real real I mean there is no body to the left of a telebohan in the napals over there maybe one or two who are hiding as we speak under a rock under their beds and leon county is for miles market well leon me 43,000 votes for uh from a kid that's nothing to see zana you can imagine that they actually had won a living person of the democrats he might have done pretty well or in leon county and around the rest of the state for leon county said as I was watching all of that because I knew that that was a four-run conclusion and I'm watching Chuck Schumer beats that I'm not just that piece of crap all the motto in the york and I'm saying yeah and then Edwards beats that lock I mean what kind of I is that like a warlock L.O.C.H. what kind of an aim is that anywhere fair cloth in North Carolina that Nazi another card carrying one of these with a forty five and I'm saying and Barbara boxer was supposed to be in big trouble against that the gook out there in California wins landslide and all of my patty mary in Washington was supposed to be in big trouble landslide and the interesting part about this is that it wasn't a big turnout democrats usually require a big turnout to you know I have to all of those are big black turnout thank god for those blacks and spy what this guy said before thank god for our brothers and sisters he would have to catch me at least they can vote here's a mobile and cross-pring so I'm going to the officer well they last election of the century very interesting yeah but I would differ with you slightly uh the big or the the plurality that uh McCay wanted broad and pomeach was actually from the old class to me carrying gold Jews I know that but most of them didn't show up you know but he's interesting the Jewish journal supported uh bush but people lucky went out and still voted down the credit I guess was forced to have it what were you forced to have it well because they've always doing the only liberals we got left in America are blacks and Jews well what worries me is that they're getting older and older and older and they're not going to be around much longer and I don't know who you know the young people are going to support all yeah well at this in other words that boards real well for getting out of the state of for them other few years well it's going to be George W versus uh Gord in uh 90 in the year 2000 and uh I don't know it's going to be like the 92 election all over again except I think Gord is the real thing and quit me okay whatever you said how to grow you like we have an open line of brown and all three lines of date county come on let's hear from all those people I voted for out government who never met a criminal out they didn't like come on let's hear it 5 6 7 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 6 on the 18 2 wildest line I would give you all the information on our center one campaign which by the way thank you to Dave Lamont Dave Lamont who I ripped an action he says the interesting letter which I will read by the way why do you be the center one information about how much our totals are in this and that and we still have six borders that we have nothing for life we get and I left a message on Carol's answering machine over there at center one and I can't get any I get no numbers from them I get no nothing he run inside and we're running a campaign in a vacuum it's a fundraiser in a vacuum post so we know we're over 50 grand we know you can go to your borders and pick up the best in the or check out neorodges.com on the internet the QAM I like vision quiet and I don't need to listen to brain fat party Frank Frank and in my ear because I've made a few bucks out of a book I worked on following to the paid public service and I'm a big successful and that's pretty damn depressed but as usual with every problem there is a solution I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun they scared their shit out of even intimidate them and to give you whatever you want that's right handgun think about it needs some cash rub a bank don't have enough money prepared all the convenience you'll make chips and fretslars wire in it's all free you've got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life's complex problem why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner tell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the damn thing up the street just buy a lot of handguns the great alternative to working problems out and if he considered a population control yes handguns they just might make a bank okay 1045 and 560 WQ I'm the official the numbers finally on CNN it's only 1040 complaints not going to be complaining this time are you a hero Jordan 57 to 40% she walked his ass baby that right here at not see some bitch like to see that also Tommy the Jones problem that was a polo accident I'm a hearing that I'm anybody that plays polo don't they deserve like whatever they get what your balloon is is here's candle hello any answer good job again the photo yesterday yeah I did that got a lot of people out unfortunately not enough we need another three 400 thousand especially here for listen and reference to your comments from James will vaartman by the way pick up the book James govard right excellent book it is great isn't it's the article in uh this month's vanity fair by Gorvidel uh it's called award home and in fact he quotes a number of times from the Jamesville vaart book uh just a real quick review what the title of the good time to cover oh can't miss that okay thanks there you go Gorvidel we all know about him he's a genius but of course he's one of those we have an open line of days five six seven five sixy pound five sixy out of eighteen two wireless line that's gonna be the ticket by the way in nineteen and a year two thousand Gorvidel for president Barney Fag provides present what he gonna do then huh I think it just just to have a little fun okay just to get people little nervous and see what it's like after that election after they went overwhelmingly in the landslide then we're gonna send all the straight people to camp just for a couple of days not I mean not permanently just for a couple days we'll have to on the euphoria armpit just to get a taste of what it's like here's a mobile in Palm Beach Gardens hello okay sir uh in the future article sent to the whole last week about the government employees and uh actually when the patients in the confiner no yeah I'm gonna send you the article but she is a government employee yeah the presence you're given a point we have to follow the same rules yeah okay good luck you pal good luck there's a guy must have been sleeping like revenge and we call we have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty confines six the other eighteen two wireless line if everybody in Congress if everybody in the administration if everybody in the legislature was fired because they're having a hand-keeping with somebody that works for other staff then we would have anybody at office right now tell you that we'd have anarchy here's Miami hello Miami yeah no yes sir hey look I go to the project I thought I think you should go that track yeah and then that's that's the brilliant comment there's a spik who voted for jab and I should blow it out my ass and I let it go purposely because there you go with a mental year dealing with okay I voted for jab and I think you should blow it out your ass okay now feel better I do see it it's hopeless I mean you're not gonna change these people the overwhelming majority of the Cuban saying that as it is Cuban it's not it's not Mexicans it's not liquor robber just not Honduran it's not Brazilian just not Puerto Rican it's not the Colombians it's a Cuban thing baby now what does this mean up in smoking California it says the propositions but I mean they they just frost my ass why can't you put it on the god damn screen you assholes at CNN what does that mean up in trouble you that mean that the thing lost the medical marijuana I don't know what that means she's just Christ almighty you know this is one thing about America they make it hard to sell for a lot of people to go out and vote and then just try to get the results you have to stand on your head and go through a big shot of the unless you're here with the government of soda is by the way Jesse the geek government sure is the government of soda just in case you missed it the first 40 thousand times this morning here's Miami hello okay sir I know down oh sure you bet and bring her and as you probably wrote births they may have a couple of times for something that's good to me what's going on I hope for governor better than the guy that I got in there now that's true and you think about a limit to what I don't like is that it's peace meal it's county by county right so if they county it don't I understand that but you've got to start somewhere and you're dealing with a crazy N.O.A.C.E. and it passed through I've wide margin two by the way that's true when I was out I didn't mind going to vote I asked some of the cubic people out here about the orangish is yeah god me they're like they're all closet listeners are they kind of are they called the he's the one that's the best kind that they were told that she was true they were all how wild about it oh yeah oh my god at least you feel like Catholic we could accept them they don't end over you at least oh my god I didn't tell them I was started a riot have a great life pal I'll review their chief we have it open line of date county we got any Cubans that voted for McKay yesterday that didn't put like a little swastika on the balla when it went out there and voted can we find one you think we'll find one no five I can't go to somebody she's married to one did that count no five six seven oh five sixty five sixty because usually your wife has very good sense in your case I would make an exception but nobody's perfect here is a sunrise hello yes sir you called the edcotch of the guy got the day you called drip bush and he was public in and not seeing yeah okay let's all know what I think that you typical liberal who attacks with slander and just venom and you run where the difference is right I'm looking America we live in America you know what I have a writer's first my opinion and I'll stay by what I said jib bush to me is a fashist and it catches an old fag so what about it what let me ask you this do you deny that it catches an old fact what the sexuality have to do with anything because it seems to me that when somebody is a homosexual starts an even ailed a model of course for a professor is to be a good friend of the gay community and it wasn't really an issue in that campaign but when somebody is a turn code is a lifelong democrat and supports the republican party I have a problem with that sir what is it you're asking me that like you don't know that he wants to be a doctor but I don't know he has stated that I can't come to the road when it's situation was needed when when when what are you screaming about sir when what situation was needed? I can't go up with the model first hand never tell me that was not for an act we just said before it's American I have an opinion I don't like aldamado we's a god then piece of crap okay he's a third burger and they're dancing in the halls all over the white house today the aldamado went down in flames and it wasn't even close by the way Chuck Schumer I'm talking about it because Chuck Schumer's Jewish that's what he's upset about you anti-Semi we have an open line a day one in Broward five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line yeah he'd debate the news to you but the days are all over all you go and head your chance on you for a visit or write winners the moderate go in they're okay okay they're too busy playing polo whatever they're doing but all you fanatics out there away they christian write whatever you want to collect you're all your days are over the Jews blacks the facts the women we're taking over maybe it's our turn out it's it suffered at damn crumblessly brown in Chicago because she's got real problems maybe she can run off a tourist time at Clarence Thomas now and make up for last time where we go and let's go to bokeh hello hello yes sir yeah I'm a Democrat and always agree with you deal but yeah compared to Ross limbo your breath a pressure yeah Ross Lindor yeah whatever that's yeah my question is why isn't a Democrat push the fact that bush rings push push push put when when jab was a stand was in power he pushed a 14 million oh yeah small business loan through the sir the elections over hit to break the news deal but they yes there's nothing more boring than here in the all these they pushed it they talked about it about a never stole a freight train but all these phony deal and guess what it's still then making different don't plan jab bush for this blame that Democrats for putting a dead man up for governor that's where the problem leaves even even in a right wing state like this that's becoming more Republican by the moment and the guy that called earlier was right the old Jews are dying off they're dying off yeah it goes in a close to not replacing them because there are no more old Jews anywhere at at least not that old and that's the problem because the old days of the very very very extremely liberal or broader even parts of the day I mean look at all the people and you know something bush didn't win date county by that much either let me take a few can see what that number is date county this is well this is though there's still a lot of folks were but only he was only ahead by 10 thousand in fact if you take the Cuban vote out of date county McCay one in date county handling why are you talking to who is that I was just some kind of some stick no actually some New Yorker or some New Yorker what a shot that is I what is his problem let's put him on the year immediately if not sooner that will be him LVM KOM that old yes sir yeah I'm going new speaking I knew hi I'm a julio you see a 59 year old right and I'm a registered colleague of the voters from a K oh my god yeah and I'll tell you what yes I don't tell you why this approach had his agenda one thing which is giving vouchers to children right where's cool I have a daughter in a public school right they for I go to the again sad because I think it's just law the effect of that would have on the public school system right that is time of the weekend so that's why I bought it for my dad bless you sir and we won't give you a number out or your dress or you can give it I mean it's a I'm a Cuban to listen candle yeah who's registered for Republican board for many years right now I go democratic okay good for you and I don't know the bed we'll let you know when it goes to square okay good luck okay we have two up at lines today I know we'd find one sooner or later I thought you guys call me yesterday who oh and you know something I must be really slow guess that I was too politically oriented because when a guy called about sitting down when he pees and he said what he gets up in a morning with a big rod that I mean what what's in his stomach he's got a sit down if you can't push it down when you're standing up how do I fit you push it down when you're sitting down I mean you have way way forward huh from that lean way forward you have to like mount the ball is what you'd have to do maybe that's what he's doing maybe he's mounting the ball anybody ever at mount the ball four minutes before 11 at five sixty wqm but we'll have your show now on five sixty wqa m Miami Fort Lauderdale yeah push hi oh Well now don't you tell me to lie I thought that monocopic fat fat The star property you took and did not I ain't hurt to give him a rip off You yeah who who do my put the death of two boys for it on you love a monocon I'm a old old house I go down for sick really down Making our monocon in my mind I couldn't have picked up that a pimple Feeling pitch out of got my black hole smoke I'm a old flesh and nearly choke when you've got my back fat Well it started to breathe like a horrible belly Hillary's mass about about me it's the whiskey of the memories You know it's you my fellow, he's one of the men in my heart He's one of the men in my fellow, he's one of the men in my heart But you should be still a part I really can't cope I'm a president of the friggin' past the time is now and I'm coming please I like my booby with Cherokee creaks The ball is on the hill, he's the main in beast Or against the spread of truth I'm at least Time to hire a crack quick to these legit If you didn't fit they must be with me We're going to the ring time to blow And try me Hillary's like I'm a tape-to Never stop the Hillary that's all I do She's all I get busy with, you know Yeah she's out of business, one call me a bump I'm out of got the first place you can come Stand the dance, mother, get your stick at the stand And dance, keep me general bum if can't stand I know, I know, I know, I know, I know That we might not waste each other's skin My fellow is he, he's a woman in my cell He's a woman in my cell He's a woman in my cell He's a woman in my cell He's a woman in my cell He's a woman in my cell Who are you? I'm a friend of the girl with her She's the girl with her stick You big dummy, fuck your black man in wet We're the friend of the girl, I'm a senior threat Clean it, be honest with me, friend I got a little secret, I'm ready to accept Spore tennis stars, you and Linda Tripp Checking out the boys, I'm ready to pop Or everybody, I'm met in my pants Mmm, jeez This is Gord's Gord's Gord I'm an old three at five, 60s, you know, you got the man dog You're a man that's shrap, for hang this afternoon From two to six, hang it on a way to the breeders cup And then we got the booster briefly six Distributed, we got the pants, it's in a black hogs And I am ready for that I'm ready to go, he's pretty excited about it So they're having a recount of the Garcia gutman race Because it was less than 300 votes And of course we know that there might be a little hanky Thank you, another cook, you don't think there could be that No, no Christian coalition stalwart US representative Vince Snowbar has launched the democrat Dennis Moran Kansas, while democrats Tammy Baldwin became the first open Lesbian elected to Congress in Madison, Wisconsin In Washington, states, Nicarmon versus Christian mom, and combat democratic patty Murray, B.U.S. representative Linda Smith, a Christian Right conservative backed by a cadre of diehard known as Where the Zarmy and patty Murray beat the snow, not out of her Wasn't even close And as far as the medical marijuana thing, this is stuff It's been sent to be off the internet Medical marijuana voters in Washington state, Oregon, Alaska, And Nevada, appear to be a proving manager to legalize Medical marijuana, Arizona, appear to be turning it down And we have nowhere in California or the a district Columbia Open line in the Broward, all three in date of course, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line It's hard to make a full connection in date when you're under the bed Hiding with yourself, I understand Here's for a lot of day, hello Yeah, I knew Yes sir Yeah, you mentioned that you'd like all the, when the fact take over I'd like all the state people to put them in concentration camps And all that, today's another challenge of life to be gay This is a good thing what it's like to be gay Yeah, and you took that seriously, sir You want to have a conversation about that comment? No, I just like to make a report And we just want to... If you'd like to have every penny that you ever worked for You're in Thailand taking away from you from the government Like many of the Cubans that get happened a lot A lot of the Cubans that came here from Cuba What do you think of that? What does that mean? What would you be willing to go through that? Well, what does that got to happen? That got, we're not in Cuba, sir We're in the United States The United States is where the Cubans were given the opportunity Coming to rebuild their lives I don't see too many Cubans complaining about being here All right, I'm just saying You're, I'm just saying Yeah, I'm just saying You're like, you can't say that to somebody else, okay? Not interested in hearing your baloney I mean, well, what the hell is the comparison with that? Okay, we got one call left out of board We got two overlines in Howard, five hundred and day five six 705, sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line I'm obviously a tongue-in-cheek comment And this guy wants to have a dialogue about it He wants to give me a wee toward Comparative suffering Who's suffering the most? Okay, let's start topic today Who has been persecuted the most? Cubans, blacks, Jews, fags Come on, somebody else there, Indian Comparative suffering, I love those discussions, man 560, 505, 60, pump 560 on a mobile one line Here's Hollywood, hello Hello Hello, hello, Neil, speak to me, sir Yeah, how are you doing? Okay, speaking vote because of that evil marijuana They don't let it's voting anymore You know, so we're persecuted to the five smokers What does that mean? Well, what does that mean? Oh, yes, following you if you have a little bit of weed And, you know, let you vote Oh, you had a phone on the hall We'll put you to what that right Anyways, I'll hear the difference You're not sitting down though when you got that morning rocket Yeah You just turn on the sink, full black, lock right up And turn with your work, square Okay, pal, okay, I'm straight There's a straight shoe to for you just like Peter North When in doubt, put your drink in the sink is what he said We have it over At least that we've got nobody caused the a few searching for satellite signals Raining like the end of the world out there So we got a captive audience They're just afraid they're going to get electric you to when they pick up the phone and call Which they will But I think, you know, I mean birthdays coming up tomorrow Anybody, thank you very much Gary the sign man We have brings me a nice card to check for center one And we heard from center one yet today, by the way Is our good friend Kira will give us any reports Any updates any month with no I'm telling you Kira will you make it in very very hard I'm doing a best I can we got over 50 grand in for center one We got too much to go but it's very very hard I'm having an easier time getting the results from the election results from Hawaii That I am getting another returns from center one But thanks Gary the sign man who sends me a beautiful life millennium calendar I look back at the past thousand years for ninety nine and every day on here And the reason for that is we have no address nobody nobody knows her Even I don't know the address I don't want to know the right I give it out to people all day long But I'm just telling you that the ordinary schmuck out there that's not going to make the effort A calling you for an address which would be me and like most other people They we have no word like unreachable we're unavailable So if you want it now I think we need to get a PO box is something because that way to we begin some checks in the mail for center one And certainly tons of birthday cards, but we just don't get any mail here with the QM because we're like lost in space QA I There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout play a representative shoot I pull it for any boy or 50 rubber jeans I'll find a buddy home in New York He buys some boys for this food If he for bulletin or if they are I Yeahize you fuck I Thank you. Okay, I'm a 13 at 560 WQM. We have two open lines in date 560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Anybody know how that's speaking about Indian gambling? Major major issue on a ballot out there in California about the Indians. They spent between a casino people in Vegas and the Indians on a reservation out there. They spent millions and millions of dollars on a both sides of that issue. And of course, the Indians got gambling approved. The Vegas people are going to be psychotic and losing a lot of revenue. Anybody know how that turned out? No. I mean, it's only 11 15 in the morning, 815 on the West Coast. You know, we're a little bit slow here. Anybody got the answers to these questions? No. See, if we had a real computer in here, we just say the George during the break. I mean, I realize I'm getting way out of line now. If we had a real computer in this studio, which we have no room for anyway, and had some contact with the outside world that could hook onto the internet right now and just look these things up and set a sitting here like, don't know what to look like that, like that shoe for always just doing. Does anybody else see that's the way we function there? Does anybody out there know is there anybody used to work on our news department at the old station? Got any information on it? That's the only way we know because this station has got no contact. All we know is that Jesse the body venture, a one government of soda. That was a common impassing on a station this morning about there being an election yesterday because there's more important stuff like let's rehash the dolphin game again from my Sunday, which is only Wednesday. Here is an orthopombe, shall I? Hey uncle Neil, there's a goi. I'm a north palm under the Hades of a hundred who voted for Buddy McCay. Yeah, McCay did good in Palm Beach, wanted. Yeah, that's what I wasn't sure about because you were absolutely correct on the media coverage last night at seven o'clock. I was sitting down on my big fat ass on the couch ready to watch it, rooting for the Democrats and all of a sudden we get little teeth from Tom Boke, all of a sudden they go to the stupid magazine show. Right magazine shows, squeal of fortune, jeopardy. I mean, God forbid the local channels should sacrifice half an hour to give us the goddamn news information. God forbid that should happen. Well, I would really like to be a county. Well, well, this is still with only part of it. But yeah, McCay wanted to handle it by about 40,000 votes. Okay, good. Well, I was ready last night. I had to wait till 10 o'clock to find out that the two, those two right wing extremists from North Carolina, know your kid lost and I was very happy about that. A lot of air cloth and alde model fell in time flames. I love it. I was great. And that guy that called before I hope he eloped with it caught, I hope they have a great life together. And I'd cry. Take care, Leo. What do you have a great day, pal? Yeah, lousy coverage, baby. And yeah, and the media, we're always just screaming the old. What's your, it's your civic duty. You've got to get out and vote. And the meantime, all they want to do is put the same bull crap on there, the same crashing airplanes, the same naked gymnast, the same whatever the hell kind of bull crap they're putting on there. The same shootouts at the okay corral, the same bleeding bodies they're on channel 7 news. For every time we're sent to the leaves department, you've got to chance of that happening. But anyway, here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. First of all, the only Cuban that don't like you're all the old ones. And those got those don't have too much left in them anyway. They'll prove that. So who of them, come and ace there, all bunch of common issues to be asked me. Yeah, next, I'm a whole new, I voted for putting me. Really? I voted new and proud of them, a crowd across the board. I'm registered Republican. Yeah. That's sick of the crap. Yeah. And, you know, basically what scares me though is the old Cuban they're trying their damnedest to influence the newer generation. I have a friend of mine who voted Republican asked them, well, you know, what's your reason behind voting for a guy's like Bush who have no experience whatsoever, right? If someone is so poor, they could have an answer me. You didn't know. Yeah, I'd bring more, just like his Catholic religions, the same thing. They bring you up and automatically if you're Cuban and it's down, you've got to be Catholic. You've got to be a Republican and you've got to be as far to the right as you possibly can and can see your homosexuality. I was in that. Yeah. Okay, have a great day, pal. Oh, on the old congratulations. What are you laughing about? Those are the three main things hitting home. Hi, your boy friends. Be a good obedient Catholic. Of course, it's hard to be a good obedient Catholic unless you don't consider relationship with father or tool being homosexual away. Well, he's just a ministry of your needs, I guess. We won't cross the wrong. He's just ministering your needs. Because we all know when it comes to those Cuban nut churches and schools like Columbus, they've looked back in the church. Make no mistake about that. And we all know they're just visitors. They're tourists over there, Westland. There's no Cuban. They live around at J.C. pennies over there, Westland. That's for danger. Those are two destors. That's right. They're probably French Canadians because Cubans don't do that. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yes, sir. Listen, you wish their first time ever getting through it yet. I'll end right. I'd rather show that I have to tell you, I couldn't go for McKay's a walk in Stiff. Yeah, I'll meaning one. Well, meaning that I don't know if a guy who, he just doesn't, he seems like he's on post act like the governor was. I mean, the guy just doesn't seem to have it together for me. Well, I think the governor was also a walking stiff. So what they went to that make, okay, at least he was a buffer against the far right. At least he wasn't against wounds right to choose for their themselves. The reason wasn't for public school vouchers, so the way you put the public school system out of business. I do after we can deal with the winter. Well, wait a minute, so you see, I have to agree with me that how can you say a voted for Jim Bush? I didn't vote for Bush. I didn't vote for McKay. I didn't vote for either. I chose not to vote actually. Yeah. I vote on every other subject about who to be governor because I'm working a degree with either of them. Well, that's brilliant. All right. Now, I want to tell you, I do sit down to people because I got to get a bruise in the house. I don't want him to catch me. Yeah, okay. Okay, don't ever call a show again, pal. We have an open line in Broward all the day. 5.670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. I believe that guy really has to sit down to pee. And I've heard of the reason he said he's got to sit down to pee. Make no mistakes, court court. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Okay, nice talking to you. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. I heard you talking about the Indians in California. Yeah, they hear that. Yeah, they hear that. Yeah, that went through. Yeah, they got their casino. One, the people in Vegas are going to be psychotic. I know. And I heard that's supposed to be not far from Santa Anita. That's why I was interested in it because I'm in the horse industry. Right. Santa Anita is being sold soon, so they don't. But that had nothing to do with it. But that casino is supposed to be not far from Santa Anita. Yeah, well, I wonder because all the only people I heard who has spent a lot of money with the people from Vegas and the Indians. But you would think they just like hearing Florida. Remember, when we hit on the ballot every time the fair nature, right? Perfectly. You always went bill list. It can spend a lot of time and money propagating against the evils of casino gambling. That's right. That's going to take a bite out of Santa Anita. And you know, Hollywood parks biggest, biggest polling is, uh, casino. They're buying up all the room, but for the missed. Yeah, right. Well, they're getting smart. Yeah. All right. Thanks for the idea, like. See, that's the way we find out from the audience because we have no contact with the outside world in here. We're in a vacuum. We have an open line in Broward. We do know it's raining like hell because my satellite this is searching for satellite signal on the little dish. And what that happens you know, it's raining cats and dogs. Because just like little crying or cross said, you know, I, it was the greatest moment in recent times. I'm watching Channel 6 news last night. I figured who the, the weather guy was, but I want us to look the weather guy whoever wasn't Channel 6. What are their non-descript people whose name I don't know? But he said, yeah, I'm mixture the remnants of an arch coming. We're going to have a lot of rain, but you don't have to panic. Don't go running to the store. No plywood. No bottled water. No batteries. It's just going to be a lot of rain. And I loved it. But because you just knew he was taking a good shot at the weather for me. I loved the way he said it. Nice going there Channel 6. I mean, it's something right. On by the way, Jennifer Velopia, two that thing out from city language. I should have saved by how when they moved to their new studios in Miramar. Jennifer wants to be picked up by limousine and the brought two in from work every day. And how she thinks her don't stink. And how Tony segredo wants back in the buses hand back in a sports department. How they all hate them like poised over there. And how we try to tell them how to run a sports department. Even though they made it into a news anchor, we're nobody believed. Got some real problems over there at Channel 6. Here's Tamarack. Hello. And you. Maybe very dull or contoh with TV's really all about. Yes sir. I don't see if you're as upset as I am that the bus fire is totally crisp lost. Same answer. Yeah. And I just call the secure upset. I mean, I really did vote for the guy. Didn't know. Let me ask you this. You think your call was amusing yesterday? No, I mean, I really want to know. I mean, you don't vote. So you know, dear. Let me say it again. Just like I said yesterday, you really think that the call was amusing. That you started out with a story about your wife voted one day and you voted the other. And then you did that. And then you give me a song of dance about the guy had had no chance in the first place. And I was pro gay and pro this. What does that have to do with anything? And now you're calling me again. Is this like your obsession in life? Are you just all bad enough to shape because of your right wing question for an At least last life. Is that what it is? That's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. Too bad. You lose. I mean, you know, there's only one thing this guy could be on for two seconds. It's Jackass who calls two days in a row. There's only one thing you need to call ass cam where you fudge back. And we know the answer. We have an open line in Broward to a date five six seven five six. The in pound five sixty on a mobile one line. See, this is this is what you deal with when you deal with the little myopic Commines. You can't have a disagreeing with religion politics a sports or you like that team. You're an asshole. Yeah, because then it makes you a bad guy. Now, I will say this that I would agree that if you happen to be one of those very far right leaning nauties that I wouldn't my opinion make you a bad guy or bitch or whatever. I'll do my feet and I don't want to do it with you. Just stay to hell away. But this guy got like an obsession. He's got a back home obsession is what he's got. Here's a call spring. Come on. I nail. Yes sir. Man should be standing up. Yeah. That's what killed Elvis. He wasn't pingser. He was doing drugs sitting down. So I guess the message is do your drugs standing up. Is that it? We have an open line in brown. He's just reading. Okay. He was getting some reading matter which anybody does. And he would read blood in the murk and get some good reading material. Cause you know, a mind is a terrible thing to waste. I'm probably one of the few people in the world that's got the balls on a plane. When I'm sitting there in my first class cabinet on a plane and I got to finally I'm so really correct. Get out of here. Do that. Which I hate doing on the plane by the wind is a little very old guy. Well when nature finally is calling and will not take no for an answer. I'm the only person in the world probably that takes either or whatever I got a newspaper or book up into the toilet on the plane. If I think I'm going to be in there more than two or three minutes. What? I don't see anybody else do that. It's just not proper etiquette. And you know what? I don't give a crap. Because if I'm going to be sitting down there. I mean, in which you're brain a little bit read something even if it's the national and choir even if it's the tabler even if the goddamn son you probably get better information and we get here. Oh by the way. Yes. Gambling one in California in the Indian. But I just called and told me that if you would stop not going to call me for these I want. That's just it. They were just calling. The guy was just on the air telling me that like two calls ago three calls ago before the guy that's got his rectum problem for that guy. They'd count on his open even though it may be raining like that. Now the thing is it's going to try to come back on or not this satellite. Well, must be the end of the world out there. Like I said, I think the kind of channel six, uh, let us down. 5 6 70 5 60, pom 5 60 on a mobile one line as we wait for a tremendous response from Dave. But don't panic. Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes. It's the world coming to an end with the waters up to my, uh, Yeah. Right. And I was wondering who is the bigger bitch Tony or Jennifer as that's the big question. Tony or Jennifer? Well, I'll tell you something. Oh, Tony's a grusigorener or Jennifer, I don't know. Yeah. I just think they were real bitch, please stand up. I just sit here in the rain, Neil. I voted, uh, straight down the clad. My, my, my, wholy at white, uh, vote a straight down the clad. Just like older two. And, uh, on, uh, on the way out of the polling place where you put your Foward in the box, my wife left a bride and I was still voting. And when I got outside, she said, you know, the old, the old fart. Who gives out the sticker said I voted? Yeah. You slap it on her breast and top a little feel. What's up with that? There you go, boy. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. Uh-uh. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. I we mow it. Uh-uh. That's what I call a sporting ass. Me. What's up, Tom? 1132 at 56 to WCM are good for an Eric in Orlando who does such a great job. On our new Rogers dot com website is unfortunately in this case wrong. Sorry, Eric. You said travel getting past in California, which it did. But he also says there were no proposition regarding medical marijuana. That's wrong. It wasn't a battle. We just can't get an answer on it for whatever the reason. Now what about district of Columbia? Here's one. They took uh, law making their own hands or whatever. But for from legalized gambling to uh, they doesn't say. We got 600 open lines waiting on you. I understand. I realize you don't want to get on the phone there. You're probably up playing tennis playing golf. You're out there wandering around the middle of the street. Even over it like drowning over here. I understand. Probably a lot of people still want to be going looking for their polling place. Try a Westland. I understand there's a lot of polling going on over there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Hey, I'm on the air. It sounds like you. Okay. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, so is it true that the jab is in, huh? Is it true? No, so I have a news that's just propaganda. What are you with, Mike? Sir, let me ask you. Do you have a television set? You buy a newspaper? I don't buy a newspaper, huh? I've got to hear on your 10-y 10-y 10-y 10. Okay, we have an open line in day one by by 45 million votes. Open line in day one and it's powered. 5-6-70-560, and it's the mobile one. What came up with the guys looking for that Chris guys, rectum? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes. Are you done there? For $5. All right. Yeah, I was at the polling place yesterday and I was like 500 of them. Jet supporters out there. Yeah. And I was at the Walsh Friday at that time. I heard the heel come together. Uh-huh. Yeah, man, what a joke that is. I found a groom man. We don't know what we're going to do. You know what you're going to do? Yeah, I think I want to leave now. Okay, I'll pack you sandwich. Okay, we have an open line in the day that do. My hand-brower at 5-6-70-560, 5-6-60 on a mobile one line. Come on, how about a little happy birthday for Neil? I'm going to play it for myself because I'll forget tomorrow. Thank you. I mean, you're my home. Feel a Henry. What the hell is that all about? Is it an imposter? Are you doing Neil? Are you sure? Yeah. Is it a spy guy? Are you? Are you? Are you? Feel Henry? I am. And it. I was looking at your website and I got suddenly theory. Really? I wanted to call. Theory I'd about one. I thought I'm still on the air down here. I get theory I'd about it every day to be honest with it. You get theory every day, but. Oh, Jesus. The same as that man. You are so lucky to have gotten out of here. I don't know. Sorry, I'll ask you the question. You're about to get one. I'm prime. I'm about to get Neil to get in by somebody. I think it's a. A host that we fired here late night host to KFI. Who is now, you know, objecting to the youth. My use of the word die come here. Sog mud. No, he said die. Yeah. Sog mud. Yeah. So whatever happened when the Brian Coslaw said we ever get that thing in the water? I have no idea. I'm a huddler. I haven't heard anything. It's all goes on. And the miller is running the meter is running in a cock's people are paying. And it's great. It's a. You know, you don't, you know, calls me every now and again to give me an update or do you know. Oh, and all calls you. That's good. It doesn't mean to hear my calls. I'm going to. Well, what do you feel like it? Ever since that, we'll think about the seats in the arena. In between hits. You know, so anyway, I got to miss you when I called the George to get the email address. If you guys have one. No. I'll give it to you. All right. So let me ask you the medical mirror. Want to think passed out there? I don't. Yeah, did it? Yeah, passed two years ago. No, no, I mean, yesterday. Well, the medical mirror wanted to should have passed the 96. You think I want to warn you? Yeah. No, it didn't. The past 96? No. And they haven't been able to implement it. Right. With the real. But we've gone about it again yesterday. And that's the one thing I can't get any answers to. By the way, Bob Dorn and got me handling. Oh, yeah. I'll be up a car broken up about that. Oh, man. The reddish chances went down there. It's kind of hard to challenge the outcome of that election. We lost by 45 minutes in boat. You know, it's kind of hard to challenge the outcome of that election. We lost by 45 minutes in boat. You know, it's not too long. Becran, the front page of the LA Times. Is the medical mirror one initiative? I mean, maybe I'm dreaming because not that our tell me it wasn't on a ball and I know it passed in Nevada and it passed in Washington state after Washington. And I think it lost in Arizona and was out of ballot and DC and supposedly California, maybe they give us some moment information. Maybe it was not there. No, California, that's the 96. Because I know Oakland, the city council there because they shut the place down and Oakland was your wife. You want to my tell you this for your out there, you know what the story is. Well, what happened was they think in Oakland, they, um, they shut it down because the court challenged to it. That's what happened. I mean, you know, I think you could have. You have a set of city council made an exception. They said that they have to give these people a place by one boat. I think it was a five four vote. Right. So they have to give these people a place to get their medical mirror one and they okay to. Yeah. Well, it, but like I said, like, everything else is there. It's been thrown into it. You know, a courtroom because, you know, some people just don't like it. Yeah, do you have anybody smoking dope? So, well, two bad for them. It's not in there. So how are you doing out there? How's things at KFI, Phil? Things were great until I last book. Well, you had a bad book. Oh, it's a horrible book. Yeah. I'm a book. But things were okay up until then. Yeah. Um, still on at night. That's never going to change. And what happened with the deal with the, with the stupid talk that we're done here that we kept here in those rumors. You were going to be silent casting down here with everybody. Yeah. I mean, what we have, you know, we're still looking to syndicate the show, but I don't want to do it with, you know, just any, any network. I'm sure you understand that. And Cox broadcasting was actually going to put a proposal about syndicating the show. Yeah. And it frankly was no good. It was allows you to whistle. Yeah. That's it. Uh, you know, we decided not to go with that. What about your show because I had talked to Norma. Oh, yeah. Oh, Norma's really knocking doors down. He's knocking doors down to find medical marijuana's. What he's looking for in nine medical, but forget about him. I'm stuck. I'm stuck with a, you know, where they prejudiced you for a lawyer who's like, you know, all rolled up into a ball over there waiting to wait for the Dodgers to sign up. I'm coming to play for his base and other than that, uh, nothing's going to happen here. Well, you talk, you know, well, we are in here in Fort Myers. They took us off for a while. The protest was so big and then the numbers came out. We actually had a number over there on a beefy station. Really there in Fort Myers. Roll those those. Because yeah. So what is that? Is that something that the company is doing? Are you guys doing that? They're still putting up a pot next to good on there. That's a beefy station. Why don't you do it? Station by station. Like I was talking to you about. Yeah. Yeah. I can't have it. I'm a cold this week. I took that. Maybe they still have a sonoko down the corner. Oh, we down the line. So that's the only new crap that's going on. Well, what do you mean? Part of mine's want to know about King of the Hill and the Simpsons. Oh, yeah. We're going to be on King of the Hill in January. It's one episode. Yeah. I played coach hours. Who's that? Hank Hills old coach. Hank Bauer. Hank Bauer. Hank Sauer. Yeah. And the Simpsons. I'm not a Matt Raining did a on our CD this year. Matt Raining did a. I'm drawing where Simpsons rendering of me on the CD itself. You're not going to be on the show? I'm not going to be on the Simpsons. No. What did I did? No, I auditioned for Future Rama. But, um, so I'm not doing it. Yeah. That's what I said to him. I was leaving the room. Yeah, that's probably why you're not going to be on. That way the line I got to read. I did. I blew it so. Oh, and by the way, today is the last taping of my show for whammy for Barry Dillers failed a experiment channel 69. Well, I was looking at that on your website. Oh, you'll shoot me the one. What is that? You're watching. You're the one. The biggest bombs in Hiroshima, man. You can't hear. It's a butcher job. They're looking at, you can't hear the audio. And it was a crank. The audio was a big hum job on here. It was even Monica never gave one. It's just incredible. It's an abortion. All stations got like zero. You know, this is very delicious. Yeah, getting paned by everybody. Somebody. Why? Why? We had a parent's last week. And they were like three or four. I mean, people who all in a row said, yeah, you know, what's these beef, uh, Neil TV show. Yeah, real fast. Before it goes off. Far and that it's the same old craft on here. They're the same old dead people. And of course, we got a, you know, fastest governor now because they went and did man against them. But we'll do a bit of a shit. I heard about it. And we're going to be so relieved. And this is Bush country, you know. Yeah. Hey, I, uh, uh, I'll went and tells out here. Yeah, how's he doing? Doing the three. Well, uh, the guy that he replaced with any law No one's who was in San Francisco and everybody said Yeah, law no one's used to be on KGO. Yeah, and he was in Miami too. Yeah. He was in Miami. He's still on KGO, but there was tribal cast in this show. I see. And, uh, everybody said the same thing. They sound alike. How else? And tell sounds like one. Well, Ronald and they have the same voice, the same voice quality. Everything. Some of them are conservative. I guess, Rand tell us. A self-heating fact. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. And the other guy was liberal. So Rand tells on from noon to three. And then Joyce Kaufman dropped the tape off a KFI. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sitting down here in Miami. Begging for calls every day for four hours. How you going to do this? Well, I will no longer give you any. No, don't do anything. Don't. Don't. Now. Begging for calls for hours. How's your family doing? My family? My mother's good. My sister is fine. Yeah. My family. What do you want? I'm talking to the wife and your father. Yeah. I'm trying to be a nice guy and pretend that I care. You know. Get it all right. Okay. So another example we get to Brian Choske. He's done and then another guy said, then we work on the divorce papers. Better get normal on the phone. You should get the phone. I'm sorry. I'm very happy to see you. I'm very happy to see you. You live out of this church out of here, which is about 40 miles away from LA. I've been to a county named after the great boss of the governor of Minnesota. I see the body. Yeah. So good. And the first thing he said on ABC news is, he's looking at just. Who was on the body? What? He's the body, yeah. What are you willing? I don't know what that's about, man. He was on KSTP when I was in Minneapolis. I don't know what that's. I don't know what that's. I don't know what that's about. So, you know what that's about. It's not about that. It's about that with all these upsets. Two more in New York and Baxter went to the airport. All these upsets last night and Democrats, like full office mirror. But the only thing that he was meaning for his body is that Jesse, the body, venture as governor of Minnesota. The treest. That's one thing. It's a house. It's very big of a house. I've got two scrap kids. And although remember, now I understand the answer. Okay. So take care of yourself. Thank you. All right. 17 until noon at 5 am. I'm serious. If I'm sick, he got me to-