I had the button pushed on my keychain unlock. I heard the little click. I'm ready to get out. It was two seconds away from sanity. Now that was two o'clock yesterday. So it's twenty hours later. And I'm still psychotic about it. About a display in the parking lot downstairs that went on that is so unacceptable. And if anybody ever opens up a mouth like that to me, they'll have a knuckle sandwich in two seconds. And the people I'm going to tell you when you pick on see, this is something that really just amazes me. It's real easy to pick on underlings. Anybody can do that. The boardops, the producers, the track, whoever it might be. Anybody can do that. See, I don't waste my time with that. I spend my time dealing with management who are always incompetent in here at a level that is so staggering that it just blows my mind. But abusing the people who work around you, and by the way, most of the people I've encountered here, the so-called little people who are underpaid and overworked, are pretty damn good. Joe Costello, Robert, Josh Friedman, he may be fat and smell bad, but he did our show a few days. He did a fine job. Tommy in the morning, I don't know him, but it seems to me he probably does a good job. I don't know who does Hank show, who has to put up with that crap every day. Josh and Jason, Josh and Jason, who have to be at guns all the time. See, I'm going to tell you something, be at a bad day at the track, if you had not get in the lead enough, whatever it is, don't take it out of the people around you. It's not acceptable. Not acceptable, and it's said that I have to waste time on his show today, especially. And I'll waste Alspend plenty of time on it today. I feel like a school teacher here. I know I talked about it when I first started on this station. We see what I said. I'm going to have to bring these people kicking and screaming into the world of real radio, or at least something close to it. Because they're so far removed from it. That it's just unbelievable. You'd have to be here to believe it. You'd have to see it with your own five eyes to believe what goes on here day in and day out, out of the name of business. And abusing the people you work with every day. And I know that most of you listening to me right now, you're working with people. And let me say it one more time. If you work for yourself and you make a decent living, I'm not talking about rich. But if you work for yourself and you make a decent living, I can't tell you how envy is I am of you. Because working for other people blows. It blows. Because most of the time you wind up working for people who are inept, who are assholes, who are wannabes, who are liars, who are procrastinators, who don't know what they're doing. But that doesn't mean you have to take crap. And I'm not going to mention any names on the air today, fellas. But I'm going to tell you right now, don't ever even dream of opening up the mouth to me. Because you'll not only have a knuckle sandwich, but your head will be on your reign. It's 1009 and 560 QA. If you feel it. There he comes, broadcaster. There's action. The pitch. Strike it to the ball right past Clark. Suspense. If maybe it could be, it is a... No rhyme. No romance. Oh, look at that. Don't let Broad Steve only count. Clint Eastwood is dirty hairy carry. Coming to a theater near you. I love it, hell yeah. I want a two, a three. Today we are to the ball today. Today we are to the ground. Why needs a me and shake back your jacks. I love can't everybody ever get back always rude. Repent for the call to be. If they know we need to shame for it. Two, three, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six. So anyway, it's the 1015 on 560 QA. I'm like I said, it's a good thing. We knew he was gone this time. We knew that was all over. It was just a matter of time. But it's a real good thing. I guess that for me also for my sanity. Because it'll break up today. What's going to go on an issue? Just a little bit of a diversion. Because Harry carried me a cup fan. I couldn't have given a crap less about the Chicago. I was like, I got a satellite dish in 1987. Big dish. Watch WGN. And there was Harry carry doing a cup's games. And of course, there's a little kid growing up. See, this down here, like I've told him many times, is a wasteland. All you get on AM radio down here is a no-speaker in the glass. But I beat. You get, it's a tower of fabled down here because the, it's so low. Florida's flat is a pancake. And as it res off the signals from like living in breathing places, don't get in here very often. Very rarely. Maybe once in a while, if the wind is blowing in the right direction, you get WSB from Atlanta, which blows. But as a kid growing up up north, you become a sports fan, based on that radio. Back in the days when there used to be real broadcasts, is not a bunch of ex-jocks. But people who could pay to verbal picture and make any sport exciting, who could make the hair stand up on a back ear neck, who'd get you involved and make whatever this sport was, whatever the game was. Get you emotionally involved in it. Even if it wasn't really all that exciting, they could still take it and make it exciting. And so I grew up listening to real broadcasts. Not unfortunately, we got like, one and a half generations now who've grown up being exposed to, to bush-leaders to ex-jocks. Joe Dodgeola, Phil Rosudo, Jerry Coleman. People who couldn't broadcast their way of a goddamn paper sack, because they once wore a jock strap. There were a couple of exceptions to that, like Pat Summerall, who's a great footballer now. It's around and care what anybody says. Summerall's great. Especially when he's sober. But most of these guys are garbage. But when you were a kid and you grew up listening to mel Allen and Bob Prince, in Vince Gully, who I'm not a fan of his, but nevertheless he's still around. Not to, in fact, there's almost end-earny Harwell, who's also still around. And Harry Carrey, K.M. O'Wax, doing the cartons forever and ever. And Jack Buck, who started doing Rochester Red Wing baseball on the early 50s, not up in St. Louis with Harry Carrey. And so Harry Carrey made me a cubs fan, and the only reason I ever watched cubs baseball, and I was lucky enough that the second or third year, I guess, the third, about a second pull season I watched cubs baseball, is the year they won the division. And went to the World Series. Would Sandberg and Mark Grace and Mike Bollekky and Greg Maddicks, and I mean, and then of course, I OD because Mike Disney or GM at that time was from Chicago, and a cubs fan, we started doing that thing every year, where we would go up to Chicago and do a show from Murphy's Bleachers, right across from Riegelie Field. And it was a waste of programming. I mean, there's no question in my mind that doing those shows just blew off the entire audience, but I loved it. It was great. It was a lot of fun. And George, you've got to go a one year for about two minutes. Until I said, okay, get back on a plan and go back home because you're having two good of a time, and it's for free, and we're paying for it. Right? Yeah. We were sitting right under him, by the way. Huh? He spat, spat up on the backs of our heads. We were sitting right under him, remember? When he leaned out to sing the Take Me Out to get home. Yeah, he was right about... Well, he also came on a show the one year. I don't know if you were there that year. No, that was the year before, where Marvin got to go, even though I was your producer. Yeah, well, Marvin, of course, that's another story. But at any rate, speaking of abusing the producers, there's somebody who should have abused, and I didn't even abuse him. God, well, waste. Wait, we should bring a back, try it again, for about just one show would be good. Make up for last time. But at any rate, so the one year, I guess it was the first year we did the show up there, and that time, South Pooce was my agent. I wonder if South Still in jail. But anyway, he was my agent. He was also Harry Carrey's lawyer in agent. And since they were so tight, South Pooce was kind enough to get Harry to, you know, come over to Murphy's bleachers before the game, which was a big deal because everybody's always... Harry was a driven by limousine. From the hotel, he lived at Chicago, which somebody will call and tell me, I don't remember which hotel it was, but he and his wife, Dutchy, lived in this hotel. And because Harry didn't drive, because he liked to, he a bud man, and the imbib, I hell of a lot, they used to bring him by limo to regularly feel there be day. And so we're on a year, doing a show, and it gets to be, let's see, and Chicago would have been the game start there at 220, so it was 120, we're still on the year. So maybe it was like about 1230, I guess. And Harry, it's been supposed to come by around that time, didn't show off, and I'm saying, well, of course, we know how busy he is, he's not going to be able to make it today, but it's really great to be here across from where we feel. You can Murphy's bleachers, you look out the window, and there's the ballpark right across the street. And now, as I'm saying this, the door opens, and here's this very little unimposing man with these big glasses walks in, and there's Harry. Who took the time, because South Pooce asked him to do it, and came on a show. And he was just as amazing in person as he was on the year, a real character, one in a billion. Then I brought back today's when he did the St. Louis Billockens basketball on KMOS, which most people of course don't even know that he ever did that. And was great at it, too. I mean, to think that I'm listening to the University of St. Louis basketball on a radio on KMOS, I mean, how to help it, I've been interested, and it really wasn't. But he just made it so goddamn exciting that you couldn't help but listen. And back in those days, Buddy, Blatt, or no, there's another ex-Joc in he was great. He did the St. Louis Hawk's games. Back in the days when he had a few white people playing basketball, and you'd have to be a seven foot freak to play, and it was a great and exciting game. When Bob Pettit and Cliff Hagen and all those guys were playing for the St. Louis Hawk's. In fact, Buddy Blatt, or was so popular in the St. Louis, that when he tried to retire one year, now cry from the fans that he had to come back and do another season of Hawk's basketball. So anyway, after all these years of growing up and listening to these people, and I got to meet here. And like I said, 87 got to Saddle edition, became a big cup fan, and watched all those games. And even, even last couple years, as bad as the cups have been. If I was home any afternoon, especially on a weekend, and there was nothing else on, I'd flip over to WGN. There would be Harry doing a games. And it was kind of sad. It was kind of sad, because last three, four years, especially. After he had the incident, not just so much after he had the stroke a few years ago, but after he fell down down here. That was about three, four years ago at the P.P. Park. And he really was never the same again after that. And of course, here's a guy who had a stroke, but it's the choice you make. He wanted to live life to the fullest, and he was a carouser and a drinker, and it said, right, that was his choice. But he still made it to 78, which ain't all that bad. Not too bad, especially to be able to live life the way you want it, and enjoy every minute of it. And so Harry Carrier is going to what that basically leaves you got your early, hard-welling Detroit, who they tried to screw over, and then they've fans forced and to bring him back, and been sculling in Los Angeles. And you got a bunch of, and you got, you know, a few, a few people, like Michaelang and Pittsburgh, who are real creative, real personality, is real strong, identity, real great broadcasts, who can paint a verbal picture, and make sports exciting. But boy, are they vanishing breed? Another 10 years, there won't be anybody like that anymore. I became a hockey fan in 1958, and never saw a hockey game in my life. Never saw it. There was no hockey on television then. And as a kid flipping around on my radio there, and I used to listen all that baseball, and on serity night, I'd come across 740, a CBL in Toronto. And I would listen to this man on there, it was built here with. And I thought, God, this is awful exciting. I don't know what it is, but it's very exciting. And it was hockey night in Canada. And I started listening, and I became a Maple Leaf fan, 40 years ago, based on listening on a radio. And I would tune in every Saturday night, and then I would start following the results in the newspaper. And here, 40 years later, I'm still stuck with the same crappy team, but nevertheless, it's an important part of my life. Based on great broadcasters. And so when somebody insults my intelligence, and tries to tell me that pretenders, and I don't want to mention any names, Chris Moore, but people who sit and try to be comedians and refuse to describe the action, that people who couldn't make a game exciting if he held a gun to their head, that these are broadcasts, either sportscasters, most of these guys today are a joke. For a Q-Sick just retired in Boston to the Bruins for 100 years, one of the best, one of the greatest, and he was in, I know, Fred was about the same age I guess as Harry Carrey, close to 80. And he could still be working. Could still be working, and could still be one of the best, because he made the game exciting, because he was into it, because he was a fan. Because he knew how to paint a verbal picture, even on television, even on television, painting a verbal picture. Last night came across, because what we got these Olympics, there's nothing I'd say. It's a joke. Came across on classic sports on a small dish, that we're showing the final game between Canada and Russia. From the Canada Cup, 1987. And Dan Kelly was doing a game on CTV, and one thing about classic sports that bothers me a little bit, they dig up all this great old footage. But they never give credit, in fact, I don't think they even know who some of these people are. They never give credit and said you would be an answer's word. And Dan Kelly, there's another voice from KMLX and St. Louis, and the St. Louis Blues, and before that, the Montreal Canadians. One of the greats, the Sun can't broadcast his way out of a paper bag, over there with the avalanche, but nevertheless Dan Kelly was one of the greats. And there he was last night, doing a Canada Cup game. So that's one of the reasons that this whole way we're talking about yesterday, this synthetic era of sports. With all these contrived songs and all this bull crap, and with the signs up there that show you a window applaud, when you're supposed to get excited, and all these prefabricated ball parts that all look the same, and smell the same. Not a question of living in the past, it's a question of having had something taken away from it. Because it used to be fun, and now it's nothing but business. It's all it is, just business. There isn't even the slightest element of fun to most sports anymore. And of course, here we are on your all sports station. And a couple of days or a few days, or in a couple of weeks, when they start dropping the bombs on Kuhan Iraq. I've been wondering this last few hours, because I did see several times yesterday, seeing an end show that over and over, that was supposed to be an orchestrated thing, but the bubble was on there the other day, and I'm all for him. I'm the Iraqis into the Stone Age, because like Clemens said in Godfather, one of them, they'd stop Hitler at Munich. They wouldn't have had to be there right then. But here's all these punks at Columbus. Maler may have been about it, doesn't make it a lot of noise. So they showed that over and over and over again. Of course, it's very obvious the seeds are being planted, now that we're going to go in there again. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm taking that one little thing, and I'm scratching that little spot on the back of my head. I'm playing Greg Reid Jr now. And I'm scratching that spot, I'm looking down at the floor and I'm asking myself, what's going to happen when Gulf War Part Two starts? Having been on WIOD during Gulf War Part One and during Hurricane Andrew and during a lot of other things that were going on in this community, where people tuned in to hear us talk about them. Oh, I do have a TV set up here, Jeff Cohen, we have a satellite this year, thanks to digital world satellite company. We're kind enough to donate to us. And I do have a window so I can look out the window and see if there are any mushroom clouds forming down on 441. There are any magic mushrooms going in a parking lot. But other than that, I have what do we do, just as Bob Prince would say, we just kiss it goodbye, we just kiss the audience, goodbye and hope that it's a real quick war in one last for two or three days. 10, 28 on 560 WQAM. A-Lan. A-Lan. A-Lan. I got your luxury right here. Nothing like a pretty mouth in New York, or I'll tell you that to make your day 10, 33 at 560 WQAM. I'll get back to that story. I will. But let's take a few calls here. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, good morning. This is Neil. I know nothing about the radio business, but who writes those different cities and songs that you have on your programs? I think it's fantastic to when they do it. So soon, right after an incident happened. Yeah. And who writes those things? What do you mean so soon after an incident? Well, like the morning when you opened up. Well, that's old stuff. That's old stuff. Yeah. Okay. But I brought back at the appropriate time. But who writes those things? Very creative people. You're not kidding. I mean, they do a hell of a job. Now, you started out, and you said a very interesting thing. You said, you know nothing about broadcasting? Right. You're hired. We have two open lines in date. In fact, he could be our next program director, or general manager. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, the only 18, T line. See if I were to program director right now instead of worrying about, you know, whether or not the dolphins are going to draft somebody with a real tight end in the April draft. I'd be worrying about what we're going to do on this radio station if and when we have Gulf War Part 2, you know, like maybe heaven eight. Yeah, right. Sino-Evil here in Oevil. Because when we had Gulf War Part 1, he was actually here in the big storms in the子's multiplicatory waltz zone. First of all, we have one who has the right sense of understanding of that strategy. So, actually, if we train downtown, we will have an idea of contaminating the industry. Right? If you're going to have another idea of the safety of Enthema an hour was stolen from my life yesterday. Not that I would have been doing anything important, but if I was sitting home, pick in my nose it would have been more worthwhile than standing down in a parking lot yesterday. But I get home at about 3.30 yesterday after no. And I pull up to the intersection, there where I'm on the street where I live. And guess what? There's the traffic light, working, not flashing anymore, but working, solid green and solid red, like a real honest to God traffic light there in plantation. Nice going guys. Alright. Of course it's just a coincidence. Just like that article that appeared in the Sun Sentinel on Monday was just a coincidence that it was verbatim what that asshole called here that cop on Friday and pop, pop, pop, but was, you know, give me a song at a dance. That was just a coincidence too. So you're making some progress out there in the acres and around plantation. That's good. That's good. If you want to get a few assholes off the road during this witch hunt that's going on, it'll be good too. Of course just writing a lot of speeding tickets. That's nothing new. We're not really all that impressed by that. And it might be a good idea to get that one hold over 30 mile an hour speed limit sign that you got over there going westbound on sunrise that you conveniently just happened somebody left it up there. Now that all the other ones have vanished because there's no way in a world of constructions. Don guys, no more construction zone, no more double fines. Here's Coral Springs, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I work for one of your sponsors we just had our spot on into the winter's we're talking about traffic. Yes, today at parts of every man made a delivery of our parts department on the way out of the dealership was at a minor accident. And he waited four and a half hours for a cop to come. Well, that's too busy with these witch hunt school and on now. Well, I'm going to incorporate it, Brellard County all the BSL. Yeah, but the FHP does are traffic. They don't do accidents. And the poor guy was on a schedule. He was working trying to support his family, had things to do for and a half hours in a cop's bounty showed up. Unbelievable. What is for radar things in the window? I've been busy on 95, given thickest 30 into weight four and a half hours. Mm-hmm. And then I'm believable. Yes it is. And we're paying their salary. Just keep that in mind my friend. Absolutely. Have a great day. Good buddy. See you. We have an open line in Brellard 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here at your uncivilized station. Let me say it again, starting today. I can't control what goes on in the other building and far be it for me to tell other people what to do. But I can't open up my own mouth here on a year because I'm not intimidated by anybody. And especially by anybody that works in this company. No matter how loud, how fat, how militant they may be, doesn't impress me holds no water with me. And the saddest thing that I see working here only seven weeks now hasn't taken me very long is how beaten down and whipped most of the people are who work here. Because they've been abused, they've been ignored. And because this crap that goes on upstairs, see it's not we're not talking about two people. We're talking about two different bodies. It's like Linda Blair. This person I'm talking about today, which I don't want to mention, fill this by name. But this is the general manager in another body. This is the soul mate and incarnation of the general manager in another form. They're joined literally and figuratively at the hip. And she can stand in a parking lot and Hawk me a Chinak and Defend Greg Reed and Defend the stories and representations and the lies that they made to me for the last 11 months since I was signed to do this show on his station. She might as well go and fart into a windstorm and have the same impact. Not impressed. I'm not interested. Don't waste my time. I have to go out there and break traffic laws. I don't have time to stand around in a parking lot when I leave here every day to a clock. You know, it's interesting because the first few weeks we were here a couple of times, she was down here and I you know, leave it about five after two. There's no reason for me to be here at 205. I'm done for the day. I'm here nice and early in the morning. George is here way before I am. He's here way after I am. He's doing work. I'm doing my work right now and did a lot of work in the weeks before we came on a year and what had done a lot more if we had equipment to do it with. But I'm not interested in hanging around and being a yenta because one thing I've learned over the years is people who hang around when they're not working at any kind of a place. Ten to spread gossip and poison. And so when you're done for the day, it's always a real good idea to say have a great day. See you tomorrow. See you Monday. Have a great life. Good bye. Hit in your vehicle. Get on the bus. Get on a Hershey highway and get the hell out. Twenty before 11 and 560 QA. I'm there seem to be a lot of shoe. Five and five 60 QA. I'm here's a mobile in four-loaderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I have a group Daniel Spire report. Yeah. Before I tell you the fire for that, tell you the thing about the fire. Yeah. The down on us piece of situation. I think that's the biggest of course I have ever heard of. What the driver's not going in a certain neighborhood? What do you mean by that? Well, I mean the fact that the drivers are going to go in the bad neighborhood and the bad neighborhood is happening to be black. The black people are being persecuted. Yeah, right. Exactly. It's always the sense that you're persecuting or discriminating because you're not willing to risk your life and come into a neighborhood where there's all this crime. Exactly. The judge ought to be like I said the judge ought to be forced to go to work for Domino as per week and make him deliver all of pizza in that neighborhood. What's the one at night? About a year ago at Florida, ANM University, the Radlers. Yeah. It's the pizza companies absolutely stopped delivering in those neighborhoods because they were being ripped off and beaten up in everything. I think even a year ago, someone was killed over a freaking pizza. Nice. Now the Brookdenno's fire report. Yes, sir. Besides, who also by the way was extremely abusive to wear board ops and totally unacceptable in her behavior. Go ahead, sir. Besides the fact that she's having my baby, I saw her a young circle. Push it up push cart around the circle and you know what nail or leg is not wood. It's plastic. Which means what? What does all of that mean? Her leg is not wood and it's flat. Okay, we have an open line in Broward at five. What does this man just get through? What was that? What did he say? You don't remember that? They were making jokes. Uh, Tene, she had a wooden leg on the air. No. I don't know who started it whether was on that show or Rick and sounds. They're everywhere. And she's having his baby and she's got a wooden leg. I don't have no idea what this man was just talking about. Very, very old. But since you mentioned Rick Riley though and I was talking yesterday about how much I like Rick and Suds and we had a lot of fun working together. That's all true. The one thing that did disturb me well or a couple, there was several. But one thing that disturbed me the most about Rick that he did that is unacceptable. And that is abusing the board ops. She don't do that. And especially Adam who is a hard worker and really dead at whatever show he's working on, he puts his energy into it. He's a dedicated trooper man. Next to George, he was the best over there. And you ought to appreciate it when he had somebody good working for you. You should appreciate it and treat him right. That doesn't mean you always have to agree with them. But to abuse people, to brow beat people and to do it on the air or off the air. But on and off the air, it's unacceptable. And we had a mistake. And yes, I did go ballistic over at the end of the show. I wasn't taking it out on anybody in particular. I just was pointing out that it's part for the course and it's joined because this place is so screwed up. And so somebody upstairs are traffic lady, which I don't want to mention fill his by name. But somebody upstairs gets wind of this, which I'm sure she's listening right now. And I'm very happy to know that. And starts calling people over in the other building at QA. I'm an abusing and screaming at all kinds of people, none of whom, by the way, were responsible. And even if they were wasn't the end of the world. It was a mistake. And it was embarrassing. Play in the same spot twice in one break. But it wasn't justification for reaming people out and carrying on and screaming at abusing people, some of whom are working for minimum wage or next to it and have it to take a lot of crap. And so if I have to spend a lot of the show today and I'm not, I'm not doing it to try to paint myself out as being Mr. Primadan. I'm not. But I just don't believe in abusing the people that you work with. Now, in management, I'll make an exception for that because they deserve it. These people, especially, you can't complain about our management because we don't have any. We have wannabes. We have people who make all kinds of promises and grandiose representations. And then you come to find out, well, they really don't have the final say on these things anyway. Because the beesley people over there in Naples, these are the ones that control the first rings on this outfit, which is why every single check for any amount no matter how small it may be has to come from Naples and has to be signed off on by the beesleys, which is also why people wait for weeks and months and for lifetime, sometime before they get paid, buy the beesleys and I'm not making it up. I have no reason when I came to work here, always like when I started with packs in the first three months were a paradise. They left me alone. We were having a good time. We had some actual engineers. And Max, but generally speaking, though, it was paradise. We had a great book that fall book was gigantic. It was humongous. The log was sold out with real spots, by the way. And it was paradise. Then, of course, when it came time to renegotiate that window in my contract and buddy buddy bud started acting like buddy bud, packs in, then we started having some real problems. And even though George will find this distressing that I would say this, after they blew out Steve Nickel because they thought they were doing the favor and brought in people during Walter Savo, the Bob's E twins, and started digging around with the programming. And putting all those corny cramp on here and brought in John Ford to bring back the old corny IOD jingles. How's IOD doing now, by the way? How's the talk on IOD? Oh, they're not doing talk anymore. They're all news. WOD. Oh, I hate that station. But I went in there with the best of hopes and spite of all the things that have been I've warned about. Buddy bud is born again. He's this. He's that. He's a mad man. It's a murderer. I went in there with the greatest of hopes because they inherited me. They inherited my contract. I had no choice at that time. And so when I came over here, I had the best of hopes and people, Gary Sarner was telling me, and this one up there, the one I'm talking about today, which I don't want to mention, Philisbinding. They're telling me, oh, you'll never work for anybody better than Greg Reed. He's the best guy in the world, but I beat by the boopie, he takes care of his people, his word is gold and IOD. And then, of course, I proceeded to go through several months of near-nervous breakdowns every time I was back in town. And, you know, thank God, I spent most of that seven months out of town and out of the country. Far away from here, or I'd be in a rubber room right now. I'm only right now at this moment, starting to calm down just a little bit from the first 50 minutes of this show and the preceding 20 hours. Let me take another call or two. Then I'll get because I want to set this up with the whole story of exactly what took place, which other people might not have thought so much about. But to me, it epitomized where I am and what's going on here, and it's an ugly picture, and it's not going to continue like this. I am and what's going on here, and it's an ugly picture, and it's not going to continue like this. You have my word on that. It is not going to continue like this. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I just came back from Chicago last night and I got to tell you something, there's real grief there are over-haired stuff. I haven't seen people stop sets since Richard J died. Yep. And if you give me just a minute, I wanted to give you a personal memory ahead of you. You know, I grew up near the ballpark and I would see the cubs long before Harry was there. But I got to tell you something, you know, if you live in Chicago, you either love the cubs, you love the Saxons. There's no crossover. But when Harry was broadcasting with Jimmy Pierce all on the Saxons, the two of them were so funny I started listening to the Saxons. I can't, if you're from Chicago, and you say your cubs, and you say you're listening to a Saxon game, that's like an incredible thing. And so the thing I like about Harry is that while you remember it, it comes ballpark when the players leave, there's a little parking lot behind the park near the fire station. And the players all come into this private parking lot, and they all get into their limos or their cars, and they pull out this gate. And you know, you know, kids could be waiting for an autograph sometimes they get them sometimes they don't. Well, Harry always went out the front door, facing where the Cubby Bear is. And he would just walk over to his limo. And I mean anybody could come up to him and get an autograph. Anybody could come up to him and talk to him. He was never too busy for anybody. And I mean, he really loved the game. And I think he'd said it might as well what a cubs feeling was. And that was a guy who just came to enjoy the game. Right. And he didn't care if they wanted to. And one of the things I loved about Harry is he was funny. He was funny. He was also like me. And that is he wasn't afraid to take people on. In other words, if the management of the cubs were making bad deals, if the players were playing crappy, he wasn't going to sugarcoded. He was going to come on here and rip him and ask. And he did. And you know, he took a lot of heat for it, but nevertheless, he did it because he was a fan. Oh, yeah. That was the one thing that people loved about Harry was he was such a breath of fresh air when he came in. Because he had a light pad at doing the stock games and Jack Rick has doing the cubs games. And they were both chills for management. Right. They would never see anything bad. And then Harry came and started saying what was on his mind. And then, of course, it's what all the fans have been seeing all those years. But they actually have somebody to say it. And stay on the air was just incredible. You know, there were two or three years when we went up there and did those shows from Murphy's bleachers and then went to the ball games across the street. And you'd get to that seven-tonning stretch. And everybody in a ballpark would stand and look up there to the broadcast booth. And of course, you're always hoping that you were going to see that was, you know, you were praying, you weren't in a seat where you couldn't turn back and see it. Because one year we were up there and you couldn't see the booth. And just to be there while he was doing the take me out to the ballgame and see the reaction to crowd. And to be there in person and be a part of that was really great. Anyway, I just wanted to say to Franco Sowski, who was the chief part and the Rover Harry carries. I know how you're feeling today, buddy. And believe me, Harry, this butts for you. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot. Yep, never be the same again. We have an open line in date one in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 99 bucks a month for a new Toyota Tacoma pickup. It sounds first put to the ballgame the one wheel to the one on the strike one wheel. Santa Mario will make face feeling jam. There's the long drive deep right here way 550 out of here. It's come to you there. Oh, leave time look at both waving. It's the excited. He opened the nature season of the America League with a line drive home that over the right field wall. What things soda can be sure up today? He will not pitch and no hilly or happy will not pitch and shut up. That was from a Harry carries first broadcast with Isha Kago Cubs. How do you like that? From 19, I don't know what the year is. I'd only be guessing. But anyway, so, you know, I've got all kinds of Harry stuff at home and I didn't have really time. I didn't realize he had died till I got up this morning and turned on the TV even though we knew it was imminent. We have an open line in date one in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Dorale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning. Listen to the changes subject a bit. You just mentioned you didn't watch the news till this morning so you didn't get a chance to see the new anchor woman in Channel 7 News. No, you did not. Very professional. You could tell she's in the wrong place. Also in the article when they first got rid of Kelly Mitchell, it was a part of the article that said she could not, or I guess her agent could not be reached for comment. Isn't it funny when it's the other way around? They can't be reached. But, you know, when they're doing the news, they try to, you know, find this as best as possible to get our comments. You know, when it's the other way around, you can't find them. Right. Another thing, I've been looking all over the place for this fish who dies. You can't find anywhere. Who would you say makes it? Ben and Jerry. Oh, Ben and Jerry? Okay. I went into public's last night in the wake. I'm not blaming other people for the fact that I'm blowing up like a balloon and gaining all the weight back that I lost and then some. But I went in from my Ben and Jerry's fish food last night and one of the young guys, one of the assistant managers and they're looking and I'm looking and he comes over and says, oh, it's right and it was hiding underneath some other, you know, about 20 other containers. Yeah, because I saw other ones like something Garcia and Terry Garcia is good in the chunky monkey. Although monkey blows, but trust me, when I said your fish food man, it'll set you on fire. Well, keep looking for that. Also, I don't like vanilla unless it's got a hot brownie under it and almond on top and hot fudge. That's how I like there you go. Have a great day, pal. And the other situation I would say, I would echo your sediments exactly with far as this on air abused in a horrible situation going on. Any behavior list will tell you that rather unbecoming stuff. Not only on becoming, but people have very, uh, screwed up egos and we've got very serious problems are the ones who lash out at everybody. I'm not just talking about having an argument once in a great while or having a disagreement or poking fun at somebody. I'm talking about abusing the people that you work with their behavior. This is not acceptable practice and the management of this radio station had better understand that it'd better stop and it'd do, you know, what's good for the goons is good with the gander. Somebody got suspended on a station several months ago for that kind of behavior. And I'm going to tell you something. One of the people that he was supposed to be abusing is the most abusive people that I've encountered in this entire company so far. So what's good for the goons is good with again for the gander. Forget about protect the people who work for this company from being abused verbally in another ways from people. Then it's going to have to also come from the clone upstairs here. Well, thank you. Have a great day now. But since of course, she's the author ego and got her head so far up Greg reads. Right, though. That will never ever see it again. It makes it very difficult for people to be objective about any of this. Somebody made a mistake, okay? Somebody made a mistake. That doesn't mean that the boardops of the other building, including the ones who do with them, good job like Joe and Robert and some of the other people, have to be terrorized because somebody's got a bug up her ass today and is having an nervous break, though. See, is this a New York thing? Is that what that is? With that raspy? You matter, I've been sad about it. I mean, what is that? I mean, I've worked, I can imagine the 20 some years I've been in this town and almost 40 years in his business. I've worked with nice people, abrasive people, very calmly back people, a lot of people in the middle of all of that. People who are like kind of volatile who go off in a moment's notice. You know, I'm talking about stupid, but I have never encountered this. And back on that other station when the a Cox people owned it, when we're done on the 79st week, causeway working in that sick building and Cheryl, we in Cheryl Riffkin, our good friend, Cheryl. She had her moments and she's been there for a long time because she knows where the bodies are buried and she can be a manipulative person, but the hey. And she had run ends with people when people would be abusive with her. She would be abusive right back and I don't have a problem with that. Somebody's going to give me crap. I'll give it right back to them. And yes, I can recall. I think once your twice having a screaming match once with boy Gary and once with the sales manager Jeff Clark in a hallway, myself, and seeing a couple of other very explosive exchanges in a hallway or around the building, but that's over a period of nine years. You get more of that in nine minutes in this company than you've ever seen in your life time. The knife scene in the 35 years have been already put together. And I'm going to say it again. It is on freaking mother scratching acceptable. Got it? And oh, I got another message for you too, okay? This ain't the Christian science smoke and room. George is in there to answer the phones and to run the board and to do whatever it is that that we do between 10 and 2 here, not to yenta with people that want to come down here, not to mention any names. So they can smoke their fagots. You can smoke your fagots outside on the front stoop there, which is where I encountered Gary Sarner this morning as he was looking down, looking to see if there was anything down there and shaking his head because obviously there was not. See, I was right about him and I didn't even know this guy. Now you told me he was an asshole and you were right. And I said he had balls like a mosquito and how I perceived, I'm a very perceptive guy, really and how I perceived that I don't know. And I said to him, I came here this morning and I got out of my car in a parking lot and he was sitting out there smoking a cigarette on the stoop, which is that proposed stoop. And I said to him, I said, you know something, the abuse that you took here yesterday, I said, if I ever took that kind of herbal abuse from anybody, I would go home, look in the mirror and I would blow my brains out because at that point I'd realize I had no self-respect. And I will give you the story. I'll give you the round this incredible hour that I wasted of my life outside here yesterday, which is kind of the epitome of this entire bee'sly bee company. There are some people that have been here too long. They need to be shaken up. They need to, they need to, they need a reawakening, a rebirth that somebody needs to kick in the ass and say, hey, this ain't got a fly anymore. Okay, maybe was okay before, but not now. 10 after 11 on 560 QAM are this pooch girls in their only area for performance. If you don't see this show, then you don't know spooch. 11 16 on 560 WQAM. So yesterday at the end of the show in our final commercial break, we had a spot that ran twice. This is the second or third time it's happened this week. A 32nd commercial that ran twice in the same commercial break at the beginning of the recorded spots and at the end. And I sat here with my mouth opened down to my public and I came back on the years since it was the end of the show and I gave a little two-minute seminar to the people in sales and in traffic and whoever else works here that you don't run a sponsor's commercial twice in the same break. And then I find out the reason for this was that this is Petaloma restaurant and really bothered me about this before any advertiser. But it bothers me because we had a great meal there several weeks ago, George and myself and John and the Crystal and the Zoltan and his wife. His name is Zoltan, by the way, not Zoltan. Whatever. Whatever. Well, whatever it is. We'll get to that in a minute, by the way. There's a thunderclap at the end, whatever it is. But at any rate, so we had a wonderful dinner. It's a great place to give me my own little special cigar or a locker there and their very nice people. The food was fantastic. Great stakes in Italian food. They got a nice smoke room in there. It's a wonderful place. Great sponsor. And it disturbs maybe because they're paying their money and they were buying a 60-second spot and evidently yelledies over there in Japan, playing a squeaky voice to radio and he's not here to redo the commercial. And as a result, so instead of instead of scratching the commercial, which they're paying for a 60-second spot because we only have this 30. Instead of scratching, you're going to instead of writing a 30-second spot in twice in two different parts of the show to be the equivalent of a 60-second commercial. Some genius over there decided that we would just run the same spot twice in the same break. Well, it takes up 60 seconds. That would be like my sitting here and saying, I got a 60-second spot to do for a pizza loft. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, hey, pizza loft really has great food. Hey, pizza loft really has great, you know, pizza loft really has great food and do that for 60 seconds. That would not be a commercial and Jeff Cohen would not pay for it. All of you would like all the mentions. See, he likes getting it for free now, which is why I'm doing it. And the spot too. So I went a little ballistic about that and to come to find out that after I walked out here at about 203 and not all that overly concerned, but it was just another, another one of these QAM aberrations that I'm becoming used to, although I don't like them. And I'm trying to do something to embarrass people into correcting them. And I was on my merry way out to Dore. And I got down as far as that stoop out back and there was speaking of stoop. There was Gary Sarner. There was mosquito tool himself sitting there on the stoop smoking a faggot. I said, how you doing? Okay. Get to my car. I pressed that little unlocked button on my keychain. I am only moments away like two seconds from opening the door and being on my merry way toward the turnpipe. And I hear Neil. And it's mosquito tool. And he comes wandering over because he wants to do the end to routine. wants to get into a whole yenta song in advance about all these rumors about the station being sold. And what he has heard is that Cox brought casting wanted to buy power 96 and kiss, but had no interest in buying QAM. And of course, it would make no sense to me really. In spite of all the hopes that I have, it would make no sense for the Cox broadcasting for the sisters to sell IOD with a much superior signal and practically give it away including the property. And then come back a year or so later and buy this station with all the debt from the Wayne Hysinger with all the sports franchises with the big payroll with the inferior signal. It just wouldn't make any sense even though that's the rumor that we continue hearing. So I'm engaged in a conversation about that and then he asked me something about a certain sponsor, which is one of his accounts, which has been running multiple times on this show. He said, you know those people are only buying once part of day. They're only going to pay for once part of day. I don't know what that's all about. Why is she putting it? And I said, I really don't know, but I find it very annoying because it becomes extremely repetitive and I don't think that company A will call them just for argument just to use a letter. But they're want to buy all those spots every day. It really isn't necessary and there's been a lot of money and I don't think it's right that you know. So now the person that I've been talking about here today all I do not want to mention, Philis Binane comes a Waltsing out the door and starts saying, and at that point there wasn't even a half a word out of her mouth. I said, hey, Philis, how come company so-and-so is running on my log twice today and three times yesterday? Because it's Gary's account and he tells me that there only buying once part of day. Well, at that point, at that moment. Remember when we dropped it bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima? At that point, they're unleashed as she came racing over to where we were standing close to my car all the way across the parking lot. A torrent of verbal abuse at Gary's Sarner, the likes of which I have, I don't think I've ever seen from anybody in this business to another human being. And because the guy evidently is Wimpy, I mean he never stole a free train. He's probably not that bad of a guy. Maybe I don't know him that well. Or we really don't. I have no grudge and no acts to grind with him. But because he's Wimpy and kind of a puts, I guess it's another easy target. When you got people intimidated and they're used, they're conditioned into being screamed at. And they'll pay for those mother-ephids, pots and all this got dead, Greg Weathen. And this, I'm telling you, I thought that eyeballs were going to come popping out of this person's head. And I'm standing there, we're not going with a discreemory Chiquita banana. And other conversations, which is to this, playing the Petalumas spot twice in one break at the end of the show yesterday. And Luan, our sales manager, such as she is, is standing there also. So now there are four of us standing out there and this conversation is developing. And I told Jo and I told him, I told him, I told him, I told him, I told him, I told him, and this hysterical performance is going on. Linda Blair on her most psychotic day in the excesses never came close to way performance like this. I mean we got the Oscars coming up very soon. Why not make our own nomination? And then she turns to me, the value, you know, that account, that's Zoltin. Zoltin is saying that you think is so great. And at that point is when I should have just walked away and got into my car and left the premises. I never said Zoltin, Zoltin, whatever his name is was, so Ray said he looks great, which he does. And he's a nice guy, which he is. And his bright and articulate, and we had a good dinner that night, he's got a lovely wife. And he probably could do this as first job in radio sales like many of our people. And he probably could be a damn good sales guy with a little bit of guidance and assistance and not too much brow beating. But you see the way this all fits in together. Everybody, everybody is inept. Everybody is incompetent. Except this one person is the alter ego of the general manager. Because she's been here a very long time and will defend him to her death. Will defend the defenseless. Will make excuses for aberrant behavior, for lies, for procrastination that is unbelievable. I don't need a lecture from Philos or anybody else about the experiences that I've had with this company these last 11 months. Within here, nervous breakdown of having to coerce people to live up to their word to build these studios such as they are. With attempts to get paid for things that were supposed to be paid to me like for hockey tickets. And to get people paid who have done shows for this radio station. I could give you a list of stories and we're still working my lawyer by the way on where those TV spots and billboards to promote this show that are in my contract and we're promised that we've had a half a dozen different dates we've been told they're going to start. And I've been on here here almost two months. And still haven't seen a guy with a sandwich board promoting the erod your show at a Hank Goldberg show or the worst team ready buddy else. Haven't seen it anywhere nowhere. And I'm out there for 55 minutes. I might as well have gone home and argued with my dogs. At least they would have smiled. And I wouldn't have had it. It wouldn't have hurt any bull crap. So unless there's anybody in sales who needs to speak to me about business. Let the word go forth today. From now, God let the word go forth at a 201 every day Monday through Friday that I'm here. I'll be gone. I'd rather go run naked in traffic for an hour than spend another hour like I did yesterday listening to stories and rationalizations and then the other the big guy and I get John what is his name John Jarris? I don't know what he seems like a nice guy. Means well. He drives up in his big cattle. Like what is what is his title? What is his function? Oh we don't know. Something to do with power 96 but also another one of those people. We have all kinds of people upstairs. We got that ray guy. We know what he knows what they do. I know seriously you're laughing but it's true. We don't know what the ray Perry. We don't know what he does. And this particular guy has met me in the elevator on a couple of occasions over the last month and a half and said, oh the Mark Reniri people from Mark Reniri that's Mike Son, his advertising agency are going to be coming in tomorrow to shoot some footage for the promotional campaign. We're going to run on TV. Great. Excellent. Never happened. So I asked him some questions about that and he tells me all we had all this TV time reserved and we're going to do this and I've eaten spend a lot of money and then for some reason which nobody can get answered to it was all put on hold. You know remember George before Wiod was sold. They had a $200,000 TV campaign that we're going to run and then inexplicably. It all got pulled. Remember that? I'm not suggesting that there's a parallel. But I do remember the figure very specifically that there was a $200,000 TV and Billboard campaign to promote Wiod. It got put on hold and we couldn't get an answer. Why? And then all the rumors started really flying out and heavy. And the next thing we know, Paxon bought the station. Oh God he's got his fingers and legs crossed and his eyes too. It's 1127 and 560 QA. A belly set with a big up your ass. I did boys and girls. Today it has a very extra special friend stopping by. Show us all about something special. I think we're at the door right now. Come on in. Come on in. Come on in. Oh, I already. Hey brought by something. I wanted to show you. I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like I got the post with a cuter. It's me bagged boy. Oh, what can I cut you? Sure go ahead. Oh, run your hands. That's soft. Hey, like well-being. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? You blow it lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe lad? Oh, can I? Sure, get here. Okay. Come on. You got to put your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. It's getting bigger. Hey, it means you're doing it right. What's this over here? That's mid-shantel. What do we do with that? What do you do with that lad, is you put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, what you want to do, lady is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us squeeze the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick. Okay, all together all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good lady. Hey, that's good lad. Sure. Hey, it's good lady. Keep low on. Go harder, lady. Adar, squeeze the bag. Please, mom. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down. Fast, please, mom. Slow, slow, slow. You do your play, mama. Come on, lady. Come on. You're getting better, can I? After the catch, let me put her maybe. 1135 on 560 QM, here's a facts from Bob who says to talk about radio sports forces reminds me, I'm not a big basketball fan, but the guy in WIO that does the heat games is great. I would like to know his name. I put the radio on when I watch a heat game just the area and he's the best play by playguiness markets his Bob. He might be talking about Dave Halberstein. Hardaway left with left side line, barley, three point. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. I don't mean that was a three. I mean that was from the moon from the moon from his restaurant. About three blocks from here. And by the way, Michael Mayo still has an apologized today. Have Halberstein for suggesting you ought to get fired over some silly comment that he made last season. Dave Halberstein, great guy, great talent. Here's what it says how about playing Rick Sanchez, squatting on a map. I'm going to tell you all this is a flap of our channel 7. I don't watch channel 7 news. I have a very simple solution for all the people who are psychotic about channel 7. I don't watch it. I don't, you know, maybe once in a blue moon, I might my TV might stop there for 30 seconds depending on what story I might come across during channel surfing like most people do these days. But I make a very strong practice of not watching channel 7 news and then I don't get upset by Ricky Tickie Sanchez or about whatever this story was that he was talking about that they were interviewing some poor little 60-year-old girl and stuck a microphone in front of her post. I mean, there are a bunch of grave robbers over there. They don't care and that's why don't watch that news. That's not news. And it's interesting. Those are the same people by the way complaining are the ones that complain about this show. They claim they don't like it and they can't stand it and they find fault with it. But guess what? They're listening to it. Nobody's forcing them. They got a million choices. I have cable. I have two satellite dishes to think that I would sit and watch channel 7 news. I'd have to be some kind of an imbosal. I'd have to be a total complete 100% more on to sit there watching channel 7 news. Which thank you I do not. And obviously a lot of people do and the good luck to you, okay? Because what you see is what you get. Well, there's time cox holding up his big one. cigar. 23 till noon on 560 WQAM. If you're already going, thank you so much to your gentleman in the scholar. Get those back street boys on here. Come on, let's go. Get that number one half. If you already want to sell phone with the rich animal, I can't speak at all. I'm just I'm tongue tied. I'm psychotic. I'm wound up like an alarm clock. I am. And some people in the building again are probably going to be very happy about it. Because it's long overdue. That's certain people with a big disgusting New York mouth get put in their place for once and stop running around here treating everybody like a bunch of crap. I don't care if you got if it's the guy who throws the garbage out here, the janitor, the guy that washes the cars. I don't care who it is. Treat people with a little bit of decency, common decency and respect. That's all. Which I don't want to mention her name, Philos on the air. 22 till a noon on five 60 q a m. 8 m. They end up with the Panthers are dead. When the hell those are baseball. They'll be getting anyway. Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. All right, let's say you're eating. You're sick and getting tired of impotators and that's all tops. Do like me honey. Eat this. Dicerone. Come on. It's almost as simple as you. Put up in bag enough. In part when you turn on the **** in store. You think you can manage that honey? Hey, put up being the **** in phase done. So remember, Yankee Doodle came the town right on a pony. Stop up there. All busy. I said, call it thyser, Roni. Oh. All right, there must have been a little dicerone on the a disk there. I like that. That was a great effect. All right. All right. I'm going guys. Listen, you hear that? The CD is hyper-ventilating in it. It's going a shot. Why does it seem that it's always, I don't know about you, but it seems that it's usually women who think that they have not always, I mean, in I indicated we have more than the one person here guilty of brow beating of the troops and the screaming and hollering and going psychotic. But it seems that generally the majority of people who behave this way toward their fellow walk.