Hope a line in date one at Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line I can't I have no time for this stuff I'm concentrating on these a hollow up pay up ping um what are they these uh poppers man And what is this stuff what is this like jelly what is this stuff that you were this dipping stuff uh cranberry sauce maybe is that what it is not not just the it jelly does something oh man If I could be getting to tell you How good these are and The peppers are a little on a hot side the hollow pinger but not too hot just the way I like Hmm man Now I feel like was almost where it's coming here today sorry by the way talking with my mouthful You believe it here's a mobile in Miami hello? Well, no, yes, sir. I got a need some advice and I got a joke for you. Uh-huh Well, let's let me give you a some advice don't do the joke all right My girlfriend and I we wanted to spice up her uh sex last way butter one of them one of them fake ones. Yeah, I don't think yeah And now she can just say doldo you brought her a big idea. I want to say that word right now. What's wrong with doldo? Well, you know, you say if my could do it with a cigar that wants to run with a doldo Well, I agree anyways, but now she and I just any cigar, but the goddamn president cigar Well, I go ahead good for her got bless him right that's right Anyways, and I did no use to have been taking more to the uh to the bill, though than me. What I think you do Huh? What do you think I should do about that Georgia's right answer? He's more into that area Anyway, let me let me get this joke. It's a clean one. Okay. I Thought you were gonna give like some anal uh advice. That's raspberry sauce There's the anal advice for your pal try raspberry sauce Now look at this look at these bones here now because all the good stuff is gone But I did kill three hours magnificent. Thank you So when we come back either because we got only two calls up to the board She's gonna be we talk to the people out there or All right You 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 6 the honorable one You talk or we listen to pop up the fresh for our next 62 minutes or whatever it all it is 12 55 at 5 60 w q. I'm a hankback from vacation today. He'll be a chillist. Take two from two to six Jim mad amad the big whatever it was then see I can't reach over this policy these here This is turned out to be a big impediment to my whatever I'm doing to manage to be here from 6 to 7 30 Then we got the ball game as we follow Mark McGuire. We we care about the marlins. No Do we care about the cardinals? No certainly not but do we care about Mark McGuire? Oh, there you go We will be glued to it tonight. Did we find out about poppin o park yet tonight is the fourth lower open? No, what's going on? Do we get an answer? No, oh god are these people they're impossible So anyway, let me tell you about hops again. I've been telling you about hops for a long time They're pretty as terrible. This one's so good because it's got no signal return address the usual Really brave view or out there In fact, we ought to be a so somebody's watching anyway It's said to the you to those reach. Oh gee. I'm monged on my beautiful shirt sorry not Seriously if you had any idea how good these were you'd be foaming at the mouth with anger that you didn't get a shot I didn't sure It says to those responsible for airing the new roundures TV show pardon me while I pukes what it says I realized that all I have to do to avoid this pus is changing the channel But I gave it a second look because I didn't believe the SAG spouse when I accidentally heard this effing lunatic for the first time I'm espouting and his guy's got every or go whatever it is every award that's ever been invented so far and it's only the second paragraph Normal people were blessed with a mouth right be low the nose. This milk has a toilet there that's never been flush All right, I'd like to hear that he's been caged and shackled in a little three by three-foot cage That is windowless and through a tiny slot in the door he's fed overflowing portions of s-h Vomit and snod In other words, it looks appetizing, but it's not How on earth can you possibly make public airways available for this sick faggot and it sure his health says a great deal for the sponsors who dare to associate their names with it And as for the skull cap that he dawns or sometimes I'm sitting sometimes I'm he for the skull cap that he dawns from time to time Don't be surprised that I actually understand the reason I'm certain it's to cover the cracking his warp skull when he underwent a lot of otting God Damn I didn't think they'd get it Well, what I love to whammy him with the red hot poker up there's some it says it says ass here But I'm being up a little bit keep up the good work question Mark and please do us a favor and show it this love note Unsigned envelope unsigned generic courageous gutsy and thanks for watching We'll see you tonight 9 30 and 10 30 on whammy love to hit its line handwriting. Yeah, woman. Oh, it's a woman Oh It's maybe she's Chinese. We have an open line at date 5 670 560 pump 560 on the What is it this hour 18 T wireless line? I think we ought to do this right now When it purr tickets for the assault Florida Dodd-Deeers macatax on 800 2 2 705 60 call her number in yine It's a pair of couple of receipts know less for the macatax on when big mac and cardinals come to town next week Thanks so much sand the promotion man. You are absolutely useless Okay, let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello For a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, yeah, yeah, Sam. Oh, my son moved on here ten years ago He said that come down here listen to guy. That's a weekly great. Yeah, you are. Yes, I am Have a question here. How come you? Have a mention about that casino open it up in the holy land over there? Because I don't know anything about it. You didn't it was in the Sunday, Sentinel. Yeah, I try to avoid that Oh, okay, well, I never spoke about my weekend. Okay. That's understandable. I thought maybe you say well I'm going over there, but yeah, I don't put up a big casino over there in the holy land Yeah, I just bought 40 miles from my is right You have to check it out. I want to hear you give a report on that okay And the one more thing of the media why don't they pay more attention about that Mexican border down there when it was not an immigration It's an invasion And I got me doesn't do anything about that. Okay, okay, so nice talking to you doing a file I want to call somebody a goose bag. Yeah, I'm around your goose bag. Okay, I'll read it out You call us again. Let's see 25 25 Zayran evidence to be our guest on the show that day We have an open line in date one in Broward 567.0560 pump by 60 on the 18 T wireless lines What what else wrong? Anybody can't get into that crap then they must be they must be We got the good right here each your hearts out down the hallway there at power ninety six and by the way Cox on a radio we don't need to see you okay. We know what you look like Howard here's a highly hello Okay, sir. I was gonna ask a question a little Darwin fish You know where to get those? Do I know where to get them? Yeah, probably at a Evolution store yeah Probably an evolution store Can I go to people do you know okay? We have an open line in day one in Broward 567.0560 pump Yeah, come on. Let's get those little walking fish with the Darwin thing in it Let's get the ones with a fish food thing in it somewhere was supposed to be sending us a couple of those yeah supposedly showing up Yeah, huh, we're waiting we're holding on it. We're squeezing real tight waiting for those to be showing up here So that we can counter all these people that got advertised their superstition their hock is focused on their cars While we're out there these intolerant jackasses that after well, you know announced to us how a stupid they are living in the stone age with their bull crap About God in Abraham and Jesus and Moses and this one and that one and Joseph Smith and Mary Smith There's only one. No God. Don't ever forget it. Okay Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil your sign that music you were playing I think Yeah, you call your hasten music great It sounds like Latin music. Yeah, right? That's the sounds like me if you could play No, you got a bunch of Hispanics who are embarrassed by it so they want to punt it off on a Haitian don't you understand that Yeah I think it's Puerto Rican music. Yeah, Puerto Rican human music. I think I think it's Nick or Agua music Anybody's music for ours. Thank you In other words nobody wants and where are these guys from do we know popo the fresh? Where the hell are they from well? I bet you on the liner note here. It says it says nobody wants to take credit for them It says they are from blank Well, what's wrong with these guys? They were the thing there last night. They're supposed to be They're trying a new thing. They're trans not going over kind of like our TV show We have an open line in day one in Broward 560 560 on the 18T line I wonder what they'll maddy wants you all get a note here call maddy after the show Yeah, maybe I will maybe I won't call maddy after the show Mr. Skinhood over there. Hermon Geering Jr Yeah, they had he was an hour loud again last night. That was the repeat they showed When they were talking about prostitution and I took one look at him and I thought boy if there's there's the expert There is the expert right there because he's sure horned that TV channel. I'll tell you that Here's popo no beach. Hello Popo Beach Going once going twice having a nice life Open line in day one in Broward 560 560 pump 560 on the 18T wireless line If you're So my wife just got a new pair of breast implants lucky for us She paid for him with their city bank visa card last night. We were getting kind of frisky and well, but the left one blue Oh Kind of like a tire blowing an a formula one race car the just hit a speed bump But a hundred ninety two miles an hour She's spun out around the turn and flew into the closet lucky her right one had a driver side airbag So at this you climb out of the wreckage We call city bank and throw over here right now and stowing a new one This one's guaranteed for five years or 50 thousand miles. Thank you, city bank All we got big problems now, baby. It's been a pretty enjoyable the ones they're considering We're right at the end of the doork days. We're doing okay. We're kicking some ass, but bad news is it's the one of Clark. Oh, you know what that means? You're just reminded me Sport my whole guy damn day after I'm gonna tell you seriously that lunch. Oh, I'm not telling you Thank you No, but those hollow pingo attackers those with a best-damn Poppers I've ever had in my life man With the raspberry sauce and they told me why you know we try to make it a little kind of atkins like it wasn't Atkins like it was fantastic and that you know, I can handle it But boy were they good. That's one of my favorite things in the world right now is those and these these shrimp with this incredible sauce Hmm god Is this what you're having? He had shrimp and yeah, but it was a sauce Yeah, what is that sauce god is that good? Hmm Kind of like a Creamy sauce for anyway The bad news is that we might as well sign off right now. We don't want to leave Hank with nothing at two but I can't compete with orange ball Marty and Sammy Sosa. That's right. That's right The blind leading the blind Orange ball Marty and on waxy seven night if you want to hear Sammy Sosa is if we haven't seen him interviewed 4,000 times those of us who care the Sammy hit one last night. Oh, oh, sorry Boy, oh, boy. Now where did we find out about that? Were they telling us about that on the worst in this morning? Coach Stella oh Joe Costello Joe is a matter of fact who was ordinarily over there on a board during the show Joe has left And right now we just have like an empty stool okay. There's just a big stool over there where Joe used to be What are you laughing about he's got a listen of orange from Marty and Sammy Sosa Because this is your goddamn jockstrap station. It's your sports intensive station man and orange Well Marty he'd be probably one of the most articulate x-jocks that I ever heard my goddamn life not He belongs on a era like my little dog belongs on a year making the gutter will Wining sound like that right He belongs on a year like like that music belongs on a year orange for Marty So it's been nice knowing you will do the best we can I'll just sit here and eat Where we going here's Miami hello Miami? Sorry you just be out you Nono No, man. No, I Have up then okay, I read it. I read it. I tell oh Sorry don't get no God we had two well maybe in a box somewhere back here. Maybe there's one No, I don't don't get don't get your hopes up okay there's nothing this place here is so goddamn small What I was just had visions of five things firing at the same time when you did nothing is gonna fire Okay the only thing I might get fired is I Yeah, yeah I got a bunch of crap here like these village people why does she keep sending me village people She think they're a bunch of fags listening to this show is that what they're what those roll with her was that what it is Like I said Come on come on oh there you go. Well the one button that I needed to be down there to pop up We got the geno vanilla he was related to millie Millie vanilla. Well that's this real screamer. I just took a oh you don't want that believe me You want me comment at your collection. I guarantee they'll come at a fly swatter and a butterfly net and take your ass away Now I took all the good stuff out of here which are good stuff would be in the other All the buttons went on I Have any role here for Christ this is like doing a guy name showing a broom closet what do you want from me huh When it's little tiny broom closet. Oh, yeah, we saw it on TV it looks like a nice beautiful studio It was yeah good good luck to you. Hope you have good the success with your show in here Look at that they're all gone to waxy right now. We got two calls left on aboard 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line That goes to short loyal audience who we got I come on here. I take a chance Made a bad calculated error there An ounce of that orange from Marty's interviewing the great semi so-so of the Chicago cubs on waxy 790 and my loyal audience That we can't find with a goddamn search party is watching at whammy show at night my big fat loyal audience They're gone in a heartbeat all the good CDs are gone with them. We're not that good in the first place. We're having a pretty good day today not too bad under the circumstances are great lunch from hops But as soon as they discovered that there's someone else for them to float they just float away just like a bunch of hummingbirds and heat Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello Neil yes sir. How you doing? Thank God for not deserving me sir. No sir. I love you God you're all over there with semi sof's and more in school Marty now all these jacks nippers all these Monobies I'm a stick on the mobile and I love when you play that Spanish music makes me want the tan It has Neil baby. All right, all right. They'll talk to you later. Have a good day. See I told you they love it. They're like it. In fact that's a new format. I bet you mark Bencham were like that from citizens of day united. Who's he? Who's he? Mark. What is that? I'm about my little god. Yeah, you're jealous. Okay, we have an open line and day to a tune brought. I'm treating lunch now by the way. So the coast is clear That was that was great, but too much One would have been enough. I didn't realize because they're just appetizers lots and lots and lots and lots. Thank you so much hops Did we did we get a response or my thing about pop at all part? No. I'm I'm telling you. I'm very serious about this Is there anybody over there in pop at all part who can tell us the answer or what's going on tonight? We know there's no live racing all this week because they're resurfacing the track, but the question is is the fourth floor open? Is it just on the third floor? Would it like a very limited silmo casting thing or is it? We have a quarry minds. I don't know what's going on up there and nobody will tell us For years I've been fighting the good fight trying to do something for my good sponsors who pay their good heart or money And thanks to people like my close friend Carol Howko over there in pop at all part who wouldn't know information if somebody stuck in here We just can't get no information Everybody in there brother. I don't want to have people show it up there and I'm expecting they can go on a fourth floor and sit in their box Or on the floor or whatever the hell they're gonna be sitting and then there will be windows open even if it's only for the Sinal casting and then fight out to fourth floor is close tonight and if there's no meow and no, we don't know God Here's my amy hello Hey near how are you okay, sir? Couple of things you're a quick question. Do you think my choir or hit the 61? I don't know You're gonna plenty of time you've got 30 games left I don't know if you hate it though. That's gonna be good though. Mm-hmm Second of all. Thank you for tuning me into next cigar Next cigar is the Southwest there. Yes, excellent place beautiful. Yeah, they're the best great people on our two Yeah, listen Can I put around for that that fantasy need that you were playing? Popo te a fresh. Yeah, oh Okay, you won't hear that no more the audience. Thanks you've produced it because that's the last one I got hang on. Thank you. Okay. There you go clean this out Damn, and now I can't kill a rest of the time with that Because I got to put it back in its sack. There you go. Never see them again. They're pretty ugly guys Okay, we have an open line in date. We got a parent-brower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T Wireless line. It's a real shot in the head. I'll tell you that it's a real kick in the old ass when a old guy like me can't compete with Orangeville Martian Sammy Sosa When we're out of business just because the audience is so goddamn fickle it seems to that Are we running on a stump to give ways that it? Oh, that's it Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, sir. Yes, move on Southwest. They treat and fall fast. All right, so I like my domino park Hey, I just got to go and do one hell of an ordeal. I was smoking in a turtle plantus and I had some old lady come up and search Greening at me because Gastro is getting a trading agreement with With a Republican Dominican and that by smoking a Dominican signal How did you know what kind of cigar you were smoking so was she looking to leave The point is on the Dominican Republic and she says I got rid of all the Raptors on my hands. Yeah, and everyone that was trying to fight for freedom. Yeah It's a hot back tower a new hot back out of an anobot. Okay, I'll send by my new waterway back and get new phone. Thank you Okay, we have an open line and date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T Wireless line Actually if I was small we got that little radio back there. I just crank it up to seven ninety and we'd all listen to Orangeville Martian More Sammy Sosa wouldn't be a good idea. No Do you think it was an only listening about hoochie koochy music and that orange for Marty you know He's got a cult following he's got a cult following people lungs on the ear like a goddamn dead man Belongs on the ear like crossing motor below should have his own show In fact the rumor has it that since the gacky isn't buying his way over there on the 790 the crossing motor is gonna be on Monday morning's at nine Here's my amy hello Yes, sir. You don't have a hate for you. What is it? Patient music yeah, what is that? Carvillage yeah Yeah, but were they playing a kettle drum and so on baseball Oh And smoke and leave yeah, oh, that's Cuban there's so on baseball But Cuba's come all right, too. Uh-huh, and how the Haitians come in All right, a regular boat by a ramp by a banana boat. Yeah, oh, by a ramp And then they turn back. Yeah, how about my grandparents why? From Germany. Yeah, I don't have a way of insistence from Germany. They're from Russia. They're risky Okay, they came about boat right came by boat. No, they flew it flew playing by a hundred years ago. Yeah, slowly That's impossible. How about your mama? Okay, we have an open line in day two of them five six seven five sixty pond five sixty on the eight take this guy wants my whole god damn family tree wants my whole life story Yeah, they came on a big ship They didn't come on a little goddamn rookie thinking boat and they didn't come in here illegally And what they'll be time we're gonna start again with illegal aliens We're gonna talk about I don't want to hear about it. Okay, and then we'll have Mark Benson and they're how can I try to go out by language of I'm gonna start doing a whole game showing you there's just a piss him off an ME shape or two By language, my ass, okay Mark Benson. I'm so nauseated and disgusted I saw his push on my TV two nights ago spewing a same old tired garbage from like 25 30 years ago Your worse than those old humans in Dometo park Get a new tune get with it get with a program You're saying mobile in Miami, hello? Yes sir. Hi. I wanted to talk to you about some blue hair people when I went on to get the I was. Yes. I would board my ears to a public. And I was looking for some fish soup. Yeah. I came over to a white hair person. Did you have fish food here? Yeah. Yeah. The ocean. Has it used me? Yes. I was looking for ice cream. Fish food. I'll never heard of it. Thank you. So I went over by the ice cream place. And there he was. Yeah. That's tons of fish food. You should have told her to continue the matches are here. It's in a blue container like a blue hair. No, I had a coppiper. I said, why don't you eat this stuff and then we'll turn your car black. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. We have an open line in Broward 560560 on the 18T wireless line. Oh. Yeah. That's for him. Here's a mobile in Helen Dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. First time call. I've been listening to you for 10 years. When you were dead on the station, we don't mention the name well. Yeah. I want to say I love you. I think you're the greatest. I'm a salesman. I'm on the road all day. And you make my life happen. And you make me happy. And everything you say is that one thing I could disagree with you. I'm going to tell you. Yeah. You know. But I just want to ask you one thing. Yes sir. Can I get that you know what I would say? I got it. You know what I was following was the friend of mine. Yeah. And I can't get a state no place. But I also want to keep it to see me now. You do have a CD player. I got one. I got one. How come a guy named Jean O'Reilly is singing songs like Tierra's. They are more racist. Some of us in Espanol. I think you know he was trying to make a cross over. Yeah. Looks like he's doing his dress like a cross over. He's dressed like that. But he's saying his father's a good man. I call like that. He tried hard in the 70s. He didn't even make it. He just didn't make it. Yeah. He needs to butcher up a little bit. I want to. Oh. You made. Okay. Hey. Before you talk yourself out of your phones. Break it up. Hang on. You're killing me. Okay. Give that one to friend. I read the air. By the way. It's true. He had a stay on Montrecy. Oh boy. I love the way I say that. Almost like a real spick. I don't know what he's doing. I don't know what he's doing. But that's okay. Tierra's damn Montrecy somberas. Oh God. We have an open line in Broward. 5 6 7 5 60. I can't believe somebody actually is taking Geno Vanelli. How do you like that? Even while Warren Schwemarty is on it with Sammy Sosa. This is a major accomplishment. I hate you both. Those people come out. Not only do you give away Piotta appreciate whatever the heller name is. But he's also giving away that lightweight Geno Vanelli. Nice. Go and kneel baby. See, that's the kind of town it's is. On one hand, like I said, they usually take almost anything. But on the other hand, if it isn't quite up to stuff, well, now we don't want that. You got it. And then of course, they'll tell me that they wanted. They're going to get on the phone with George. But I really want that. I'm real about Charlie, okay. I really want the Beatles greatest hits. Oh, you know, the five vibe. What is it? Why not see guy? He didn't say that. No. Actually though, I told him to stop yelling. Clear as a bell. That's why he was breaking up. He was over my eye. Because he was over Magda. He better tell him to work on his phone technique. Okay, he's at 10. He's at 10. But I will, but it's a talk loud. Just leave my Pazons along, okay. 127 at 560WQM 28L Wild. Oh, I hate that station. In the tradition of the disaster musical come in to Lloydwebbers. You was in the attic. The end praying diaries. You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tune. Like, no more beam. I'm writing all of this down. Don't flush till enough. He's going home. I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. The end praying diaries. CD available now. Oh. By the way, speaking of that, there's a little letter to the editor. Is this the herald of the sunset? What I wish you ever? What about crappy papers this morning? I guess the sun sent them. Ralph Weinstein and dear field beach. Oh, right. Oh, but on the south of worship is not a temple. He says. Ray the article of August 7th about the Palm Beach Orthodox synagogue that meets an Palm Beach Hotel for services. You state that they're looking for a sign of which to build a temple. Be advised that since the destruction of the second holy temple in Jerusalem, orthodox or traditional congregations are never called temples. They're either synagogues, shools, or base medrations. Houses of worship and study. Whatever to hell, I'll bathe. Bays why? Medrations? As in far-draight and crump as nobody said. What else is this man talking about? Is this bilingual? Oh, my God. Don't let Mark Frenson find out about it. We have an open line in date county. 567 warrants from Marty. 567, 0560 and Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Boy, boy, those WACC people, they sold that time to warrants from Marty. They know what they're like. We're doing can't compete with him. Didn't you show up in his last trend yet, but you just wait another two, three, four years? Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Great. Can I show you something to pick it? Pick it for what? I don't have no tickets. Can you thank you, Houses of Wacca? I said if you call it a call, if you're the ninth caller in our contest line, say call me. I said do not call me. You can go to contest line. Yes, we do. Call 100-800-800-SMOK, and you dial it, pal. You're out of luck, you're so well. These people, let me say it again. Did I say very, very clearly 100-800-800-NOMERIS? Yes, I did. I repeated it over and over again. This guy tries to put it in here. Like, here we go again. I'm hiding the tickets. George has got him stuck deep inside his rectum. Got 20 pair. I got 14 pair in my nostril. I got him under. I got him under my yarmaki. How do you like that? I actually have a hundred pair of tickets for the Marlin St. Louis series. Under my yarmaki, okay? Somebody slept in the me and said, keep it out of your head. But here's some, uh, three weeks. Maniac. What? They think that you just told everybody to call, so that constant funds ringing. No, we can't. We'll, man, we'll use stop. We'll use stop. Okay, go ahead and call it. I don't give a crap. He's not going to answer the phone. I have never seen such unbelievable shameless free loaders in my life. I was only giving that as an example. Let me see it again. The one who denies the Messiah, he's the Messiah. Okay, it's like that money python thing. So if I tell you I'm not giving away the tickets, that means I am giving away the tickets. If I tell you I don't have any, I've got him. Okay, you want some? Because I don't have any. Or, well, like I said, I got him. See, we told you, it's an, it's a loose, loose proposition with these people. So am I the Messiah or not? No court floor, no buffet tonight, at Pompano. No force for it. I pay. At Pompano Park? See, I mean no. You know what Pompano means in a tiny, by the way? Good guys. Here's a candle, hello. Yeah, I need all. In other words, that really sucks, yes sir. Very hot to see, you've got to creel. Yeah. It's, get my mouth. My mouth? Your mouth, my mouth. Get my mouth. Okay, all right. Thank you. Okay, say hi to my mouth too, by the way. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, five, six, nine, six, six, six, six, five, eight, six, six, six, six, five, six, six. Bad news for Pompano Park, bad rich in a direct, don't sound like a real winner to me. I mean, what do they do that, how much would it take to just, even if they didn't have the buffet to have a couple of tellers up there on the 4th floor and let us sit in our boxes, but on our ISL TV sets and plunge our brains out on a Hazel Park, etcetera, I just, I don't get it. I don't understand it, my good cross personal friend Ted, snel. I don't get it. I don't understand what you people be thinking about. Here's a pay phone in Miami, hello. I got a hold of you. Thank God. I'm going crazy, man. I can't stand Nick. I can't stand them. You know, not Nick's a guy. Nick, I cannot stand Nick. That is, uh, I got guys up. One next. Which next? Nick. It just picks to him. He's a small little body guy with a huge huge. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line of day one and brown five six seven five six five six five six three eight team. He wasn't talking about. What, Nick was he? He's not a small little guy. He's a big one, uh, goofball. But he also threw him a head. He was a huge, uh, man. You're kind of... I was talking about. Even in my heart, I see. You're not being true. I'm maybe... Now we're talking some real music. Okay, that we can all sink our teeth into. Hey, holy, oh, listen. Go back and play with your boyfriend and get out of it. We're doing a goddamn radio here. Call a forage, full Marty, and dump that load on the semi-socest. See what he has to say. He'll give you a Nick. You know, there's nothing. It's important your business is a good copy machine. You need a copy or for the, that's right. Don't do that again, man. Don't be smoking all worry. Fat one. There's a government coming. Take your ass away because we got to fill up all of God. M.M.T. J.L.S. If we have any with people or smoking big. Yeah, I'm fine. Fat one. We have an open line in day one in Broward, 560, 50560, Pomp 560, on the 18th, Wireless Line. Can we make it till two and compete with Orange for Marty and Sammy Sosa? No. Can we do it? No chance. Here's Kendall. Hello. You know, going, Neil. Okay, sir. You look at him. I was done with the police officer together. They just moved into new neighbors. Right, huh? So I go in there. And I asked the guy, I said, hey, you know, when is it that you're going to go ahead? Start sending the mail to the neighborhood. When do I stop calling and over here to pick it up? So he tells me, well, there's two criteria. So I go, what's one of them he goes? Well, first of all, they have to have 50% or more. And done before we come deliver the mail. That's not all right. I said, what's the second criteria? So he tells me he goes, well, what happened is that we have a survey or a guy that goes out every month. And there can be any road or any construction in your neighborhood going on that indeed the guy from delivering the mail. Of course, you don't want to hear my dirty and all messed up. You don't want to be driving through slops. So I tell him, I want to go, well, I don't understand. How can you say that you're going to deliver it at 50%. When there can't be no construction going on. So he goes, well, it depends. Some neighborhoods go ahead and they start building from front to back. And I go, well, what the hell kind of neighborhood is that? That built from front to back. They build whenever whoever buys a lot. You know? So it will basically you're telling me that I'm not going to get the mail until the whole complete neighborhood is done. And every truck in God's creation is gone. He was, well, I'm not seeing that. What I'm seeing is that, you know, I said, okay, thanks. And I left the guy. So I said, you know, on that. That was it. Okay, that's my big buddy. Good luck with FedEx. Yeah, actually I went down there yesterday and it was like a, not a big stack. Not a real big one. Just a little, a sum mail. Like I said before, a couple of bills that I was praying would come in and they did. But nevertheless, 90% of the mail still out there somewhere. Somebody still slap it around. Oh, yeah, but you got a couple of bills in here. Right. Never in the history of my life have I been so anxious to get bills in the mail. As I am right now, because I'd like to stay current and not to store my credit that I've worked for 200 years to build up. Thanks to our guy, the imposed on carries. Let me say it again. You guys blow. You suck your services pathetic and embarrassing and humiliating and all that run around. We got every postal carrier in a goddamn and Dave Brower County con here yesterday. So don't tell me they're not all listening. And every one of them, next year is always the supervisors both. The dog done it. Your mother had the mailman put to sleep. Whatever it was, some kind of a cock-a-mame guy damn story. They all had an excuse. The best call was the one that we had from a New York. There was a mailman for like about five minutes, remember? Anyone out in the did all the work in any way back. Like a 130, the guy is a buddy said, what are you doing here? So early, you better get back out there and don't ever do this again. You make the rest of his look bad. That's what it's all about. They're out there doing a moniker's what they're doing on a routine. That's what's going on. We're getting it and they're getting it. A lot of screwing going on there with the US mail. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Great show. All right, I just don't want to. Yeah. I've got a couple of things first of all that's guided call about the, uh, I feel a bunch of people. See? A couple of all bag that, uh, a couple of places Mexican and it's not the front of a door of the Nicaragua. Not an out in the front of the Mendo. Yeah. I got a question for you. I heard a lot of that. Let me ask you this. Who the hell would see what kind of cigar he's smoking? Hey, hey, sorry. But he even even did. You know, I mean, if someone, if someone crazy bitch came up to me, it's a what kind of cigar he's smoking. I say it. Hey, exactly. Yeah, I have a who we know. But I got a question for you. I heard you mentioned John, I'm a couple of times. I don't know what station he's on. It's on the radio. Oh, uh, it's the same guy he used to be on on the O.C. The man he was. John and Barbara, he used to be on his wife. Yeah. Yeah, he's the one who told him to let him go. That's him. I can't put up with a person people for digging his ass up. Where they put him right, I don't know. I don't know what dumps do they found him in. I haven't heard that name in ages. Yeah. What have you happened to Barbara? Beats me. Yeah. All right. Call John. Remember. I have a great day. Okay. I doubt it though. We have two open lines in day one in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the ATT wireless line. Here's your field beach, hello. What a nail. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. How about a mailman at one time? I tried to not to play one thing. When you get there at 5am, you know, and you start putting up everything in your bin. Because you're the mail sitting there. And you're about to leave. And also in the first class mail from the new truck comes in and it just makes you crazy. And I don't know why do you see how they can handle just so much of this crap come. Keep coming in. But anyway, I call this. I did that nail, but the old snoray anyone. Yeah. And I did the, it came into me and I wrote 10 to 2, Neil Rogers to the 6th Bill Henry. Yeah, no, that's not Neilson. That's arbitron. Oh, I got some radio thing, yeah. Okay. I hope I get another one because I do like to show it. It's funny on TV. It's good to see it there. But I got a new guy. The Neilson thing they do with meters. And there's only 474 homes in Dayton, Broward in the entire market that are hooked up to those meters, which mean at 474 households in term of the faith. You show that son and what you're going to be watching and what is not going to be watched. And when I sit there and read with a straight face that this idiotic group all is on their four clock and a afternoon getting gigantic numbers, how we manned Elf. Then I know that the fix is going to be in somewhere. Yeah, that's ridiculous. Nobody in there right mind is watching how we manned Elf. And the problem is that I work for free to wait here and I got my truck. But I just can't pick up a.m. It just doesn't come in. I tried to not, so, you know, I started 3 a.m. So when I get home around 1 or 2, I or actually 12 to 1, I could put you back on. You're not up your ass, never. There must have been something for you to about her saying that. You're on talking about I think you do. Okay, date County, Spanish, Dallas. Well, of course, date County, they're big with horns for a morning. It's kind of like a thing, you know, Liberty City in the overtime. They're very big on board. He's got a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, er, a, an, a, a, a, a, a, some, a, a, a, a,, a, another.エ,, y, yo, a, a, y, y, oh, a, a, t, a, what? An, a,, l, l, and a, a, charge there's my well how do you know it's grease oh my god sent it to monica's mother's court right away so Pompano Park is open for simultaneous the fourth world will be over to you got that one actually get it straight because we're trying like crazy to get a carol how to get us some information ahead of time so we know what we're talking about and do we ever know what we're talking about no because you never know if you don't do it sends me facts after facts with overnight cheats races that have been invented yet but that she said me the information that I need no we had that promotion remember that carol no she don't remember here's Cooper City hello yes sir are you the law you have a good shot today yes I do I know that listen I have to tell you something that happened to me see what have they can post obviously I have my zip code is 1332 to probably the same as yours in presentation right what is it 333222 mm-hmm 23 well that's close anyway 23 in any case in all four eleven months I'm receiving mail on my address for someone else I keep on calling the stupid post office all the time retaining the mail I get packages somewhat over the country but I had to sign or somebody my hands I've got a sign for it yeah so one day I'm fed up with all these garbage in there and I said it to open up one of the letters to find out if I can find the telephone number as a gentleman with my address one of them of course I did I call the gentleman he actually happened to have the same address as I did but in a different city for some reason I will get in all these mail for almost I will sell cost way here in different city you have different city here in the but he actually was in Pampano yeah finally well what was his zip code competitive difference so how did he well I was getting that for eleven months yeah eleven months I call the post office like oh would everybody here in 3322 in any case so if I didn't go check it was my I know but the one that I actually find his telephone number they call them and I told him about the problems that I was getting his mail yeah but the week later I get a call from his vector from you gotta say puzzle service that is not but the two so yeah actually expected to go to make it very long for a short I ended up spending a couple hundred bucks a gesture in getting the lawyer the tried to straighten the whole thing that the only thing I was trying to do is getting that with the gentleman to tell the pitch change something oh my god okay this is a super post office Jesus Joseph in the soul uh I don't okay well I get your hundred report about pal I'm on my way if there is a bunch of mail in there damn gonna go ballistic I hope you do I'm gonna go postal okay pal good luck okay how do you like that and what he said the inspector clue so said we we we have something like that okay we got two open lines and day and two and brown not that you're gonna get on here but it's not like night on nice cushion we always like a nice cushion here five six seven oh five sixty pampive sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's a mobile in North Miami hello mail yes sir how are you doing great listen I'm getting ready to make more reservations for zone in Europe you know anything about this city birdie online yes I do is better fact why did you take them no I got a minute all right I got their uh stop here in fact they are ransom spots on the station at one point I remember and uh they're supposedly very good the only thing I don't like about them is the fact that if you're going like to Amsterdam or to a wherever you're going they fly and unstop from here to a Brussels right right then you have to take another flight or a train depending on where you're going to wherever you know but what I'm not the the for the rates are very very good yeah I got a deal they have they uh for coach to go from here to Amsterdam from Amsterdam from Alano and then go back out of Rome to Brussels from Brussels back to Miami all right yeah six twenty four round trip per person and for business class fifteen forty three yeah that's not that no it's not bad and out of the way that but they use really good planes too they don't use those uh you know really uh marginal planes yeah are you familiar with the seven sixty three I think they have I've never flown on one of those uh people told me about them said that they're fantastic that they're great really and they got like a pretty decent food and you got like a lot of their wide body you got a lot of space and a lot of room is compared to the uh you know puddles rumpers that these other airlines some of them are flying oh yeah I hear nothing but good things about them okay have a great time thank you so okay okay there's a guy that's getting out of here he's gone somewhere let's hear it for him okay congratulations sir God bless you here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir yeah I just wanted to chime in with a last minute of post office story yeah my last name Stuart and we moved to our place a little while ago this is nine no this is 19 months ago and we're still receiving mail for a gentleman with the last name of Loszada and your name is one oh that's pretty close right Phil everything every day the same postal carrier I tell him sir nobody by that name literature I've been counting now nine straight day yeah and this guy doesn't seem to get a clue down at it all yeah at least he's consistent okay congratulations sir there's not a lot of other horse story bunch of dummies working for the postal service we got about 10 percent of the people got an IQ bigger than the thumbnail and the rest of a bunch of morons baby so what do you expect okay the market is down under 70 points you see this is the new deal if the dowis under 100 we have a big party okay let's celebrate let's play that hoochie cute a koochy music that has that's down 23 and the dowis down 69 and the half and the worsens are going to hell in a hand basket and they're getting all worked up and have it a revolution and they got all those nuclear weapons that they're getting the nervous width and the Latin America is going into the crapper and the Asia is keeping a crapper and we should have finished off the Jeffs when we had our chance and we didn't do it so what the hell is there to worry about what's there to worry about when you go to the track and the foreflowers open thanks back from vacation next from Shula State to Mad Dog Mandage 6 to 7 30 and maybe maybe Markle hit one for us tonight