First thing this morning I heard two calls which cut you all the bullcraft you're right to do your chase And that is So including give it a little guy credit on week last week I kept here and oh gee he's you know He's a flash in a pan and he's okay against week upon it and he's okay in the shore He played great yesterday and I just gone dugie And number two Domest coaching call well in fact this weekend there were two of the dumbest coaching calls and comments in the history of the human race In this business about what you know taking a risk they got to gain the first about buffalo Mrs. the field goal Christie who's erratic it best. This is the field goal early in the game Then that often gets to ball go down for touchdown They got all the momentum going on their side that all season long Third and one through them to first and goal on the two yard line If they're gonna get a touchdown then he has to throw the ball because they can't run in the clutch they can't run an inch So they got fourth and an inch on their own 36 yard line and I'm a state of myself at this point When Jimmy Johnson with his white hair says all golf or it's all you didn't That's what I always say go for it. It's all in an inch and they say no. Well past thank you For your face should wind up losing a close game very early in the game because he's a hard ass and What can I tell you and he don't like to medium does like anybody that would jerk criticize him so he can't say that And then lost the game including play great that's that and That of course the panthers come out there on what night was it Friday and played at one great game of the season They played so far against the black ops who are pretty mediocre anyway But nevertheless here you go great in my current Mark Perry four goals And what is possibly not good it's great Chassels they are but guess what he's an answer there go So anyway, one of the interesting things that came by that's then I think profusely to guide the brother Because I never thought I would see a copy of this one We Madness, okay play it slower and also inside the box of the video Hollywood classes collection so there's anybody out there that would like to know what but they also every Remadness and if anybody wants their own copy this is 1936 by the way with you that movie came up And if you want you own copy of it to find out where you know Where all this hysteria about marijuana came from in his country this was the movie that started it is the can't be as most hysterical He's a crap Here's a telephone I'm even call it's 818 919 one But for fear say the guys are brought that by IA fan tested column which I'm gonna read oh she gonna read again today Yes, yes, that's so yeah, this pretty one From city link October you think we really have somebody in town whose real name is Howard Villars What cuz you know me I hit those phoneie names like the Rogers I can't stand it It says very delicious pyramid in Miami is flashing like a classic TV wreck is flashing baby Says when used properly in plan well television is the single most gripping format communication known to man It is taken us live to other planets a lot us to watch readers a country's go down in flames Letters entertained and sometimes gasping for breath of the scope of human drama and competition however when used improperly Elected the devices of those better suited for something as intricate as taxi taxi to me Television as the innate ability become nothing more than a wash hour action on i95 Everyone stops to look at the carnage than shakes their head indifually You see these TV wreck survived the pony the waiting to be my part because these attributes The magic power on fox or smoke out the basketball superstar would be able to Bring two monocity monocity lobby boards together along with polyshore of your coat and you get the idea After the start cross-dade yard the local programming concept no miss city vision now playing locally out of whammy channel 69 brought to you by medium Mogul and home shopping network founder Barry Diller He's an asshole after a few months of doing this bold and expensive effort One could surprise that not since NBC's super train has been such a loud costly and visible train wreck on the tube If this station were sold on bill or shopping that were going to be paired with gives you knives and chia pets trouble is the station which had the value of both Not since CBS first clock WCIS and hired and did a sportscaster from Cleveland He used to when the shows by ringing large-iron cast all the gifts away toward has been such an embarrassment in software to television Certainly never in the history of television general or so badly The concept was greeted with skepticism by just about everyone the industry including the almighty advertising sector and entire station silver nothing but locally produced programming The time was to launch in Miami becoming huge success Then import the concept to dealers other stations in places like the York and Chicago at the rate Wany has progressed the home shopping network is looking better all the time Even before whammy made its debut mistakes were made from which the station has yet to be covered the marketing scheme was identified as Miami It take off on the call letters This the theory rent would show the stations posted at high for the area and be easy for all the remember which see it at the city as a bright on the landscape Also a lot of consumer dollars come for Broward in other words right from the very first second of airtime Manant whammy managed to all alienated huge force the potential viewers strike one at falling to the ground like those autumn leaves Don't get to excited about a couple of games But the stations in this town over the weekend. Oh my just an up the mix just a piss off the pole Opeline in day five and you mark my words there'll be people there'll be assholes in this town forgot their headway Uptimies as full will be defending that decision. Oh, what's wrong with the coach you know being a gutsy gutsy is one thing stupid is another thing What's the upside of making a first down on first and fourth and an inch on your own 36 yard line when you got the lead You got all of momentum going. Oh, he wanted to take the crowd out of the game. Yeah Any the purpose one of his final stupid meaningless articles in the hill this one starts out like he's gonna criticize you For that He says It's Jimmy's go for it on fourth and one brain storm which is worst call since he took over the dolphin to his a gamble with almost no upside The downside because it could have cost us and it goes a five-day video He's like back tracking and well Jimmy why don't take the crowd out of the game Yeah, right at he write you a little suck hole you see now old fart Like I say I'm a mushroom to my getting you excited because we'll never ever have a real sports writer in this town We'll never have anybody who really knows how to write an article in which he says something and doesn't equivocate and dance all over the place It was really intimidated and afraid to come out and say it like it is They seem Did he like magazine they used to be called the excess or whatever what what? What language are you speaking sir? He's not he's not figuring it like we joke he's just another more on okay Day lives are all open five states of difference whether it's based and louder based and date or based and on roar based and it adds based in Uranus That's the commentary we get there region on it's over which is right on target by the way On everything they said including how dull and boring the presentation to this you have been because it's been no investment I know no commitment to doing anything to it Did you let anybody read the watching quite frankly? Because the mobile in Miami hello? Yes, sir. I know why it's like person following. Yes You're talking about the The NFL I have a big slogan before the NFL and that so silently Yeah Wait, I Have a nice day we have an open line in power two and a five six seven oh five fifty five five fifty at a mobile one line We're ready for them today. Oh wait. Are they ready for us? 10 55 and patient hello Yeah, the next question every time I Roger that in my quantum scan to the radio mode to hearing Reggae music and the patient station Yeah, but what are they what are they doing about this because I'm getting sick and tired? Well, then don't just stand the stations anymore. That would solve your problem We have two open lines and grow and one empty wireless line using mobile an open part hello Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing okay? Okay a couple of the audiences in the on the bag this morning, but that's okay I get two things that we want to start your bonuses where a lot more than 200 hours So you are oh, but the bonus is that's the employee of the month bonus. Oh Okay, that's the let's kiss your answer bonus and try to make up for the fact that we have you pissed off all the rest of the time bonus That's what that you want to do on it. I say or if you take the pen then you might get the order So I'm assuming they'll hang always take the pen I'd like to congratulate the asshole and some trucks. It was like we have them the blue or red light When a baby's in the car. Yeah, not a good thing. Okay. There you go. Just a little work on that will have one We have open line and Dave and all of our boy you're slow to make go just a ball game folks about the end of the world just because you can't stand the truth Five six seven. Oh five fun Here's Miami. Hello deal yes, sir Have you visited the Adam Kirchner chat room like I said two old for lines and date and the one in Howard five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th the wireless line I mean we're not having no more chat room on your okay There's another asshole that's just finished every time on the chat room on the of God duck One by the way speaking about him, but he did remind me inadvertently Because Carol from center one told me that we're selling like hotcakes. I remember tonight's our best in the old stuff on the Neil you'll Rogers dot com and thank you again, Eric and Orlando you're doing a hell of a job for Appreciate more than I can ever tell you Neil Rogers dot com you can buy the best of the CDs the t-shirts right there off the Website so nice going here Here's Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? Neil you know why you always a hit in a borrow Jimmy me what meaning what you know You know he's one two national titles What has he done in Miami? What is he one here? What are we worried? What is he one? Not but yet he's getting me you know he's regrouping man. Yeah, and you like that call yesterday I'm fourth and an inch on your own 36-yard line. Well, you know the bold call it was a bold call Yeah How about the word dumb the Zerver come to mind that No Jimmy doesn't do it the Jimmy ever make them a state? Of course he does but you know, but he's a great coach man Based on what what has he done here? What do you accomplished? Well, yeah, he's regrouped man. Okay. Yeah, go with group your shop and call us later when he got something to say they might make some sense Can't not Jimmy your Danny boy because they're the untouchables of his town even though everything that I said was absolutely correct I mean you could have a hundred million people in this town watching the same event and 99% of them all of you Whatever way they decided wanted to do it ahead of time. We got this about they really see don't confuse them with the facts That's Miami We have an open line you stayed one in Brown wireless line mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey uncle, Neil. Yes, sir Got your figure advice down over the weekend with us today, Tony, but the little quality time on the beach On the way coming back and forth down high 95 what do I see but their care of van of false driving down in their modal home with their cars That's to the back And it means that they're coming boy that's a set by even that bad loony engine up to keep him back with a helicopter from Jim I'll boy I tell you what there was one stretch why I must have passed by about 10 mobile or small band that they'll all add on cereal tag It was like period it's not frogs you should that's not frogs Or frogs are in Quebec go get a go get a dictionary okay, look up frog They all had Ontario tags this guy's calling see this is What I'm talking about we got so many people in this guy's hometown town who know nothing about anything Anything you picked the topic no matter what it is from a to z from soups and I still ain't know anything about it frogs with Ontario license plates. Oh my god You can smell it right over your radio a Chevy Dirty baby Man, oh man, oh shea that's just one after another. We keep cranking him out And it's not their show it's this town believe me what I tell you it's where we are it's this plate This plate Woo Man You know something I'm gonna start smoking weed. I just did this side on the ear I am In fact, if they ever you know, I'm gonna do a favor give me that Play the month again if I can survive here that long and they might have to they might be embarrassed if we get like a 15 share some time and matter Whatever get a 10 share I don't big right tank anything because like I've said before you work for these people long enough You deserve a guy damn gold metal. I just say a uppin But we got a 10 share here in midday. So what's all this BS about that? What is that all about why don't they give it to some of the underlings? Some of the people aren't making any money. Hands making good bucks I'm making a good buck. We don't need the 200 bucks for the goddamn stupid thing on a piece of paper to boost our ego to stroke us How about stroke and some of the little hundred dogs out there? Did you keep promising all kinds of Promotions and more money? It's that or do you ever do that? Oh very rarely Because again it goes back to what I said before about the un Acceptable workplace kind of a thing we got going here Greg Because they just don't know how to treat their favorite people The ones that they protect up there even though they did not have to treat them Call for second in from having to do a real-day's work Well, when it comes to all the unsung heroes and it's going to work their guy damn asshole Today ever get very rarely employed the month. Did they get in it? Oh, are they getting what they've been promised? Oh When's the last time you've got him for you the month? I'm starting to Joe. You never got it from these people. Yes. No, I got it. It's actually You never got him for you the month here. It's not bad enough that he came down there and stood in the doorway the other day And give a song at it. That's right on the ear and no less But you're gonna get all three bonuses on November 20th, but he didn't see what you Including a bonus from like way back January, February and March. I'd be a spirit I was going to hiding that going to my office and locked it off on the inside and I got an I hybrid And he comes down here and says it on the ear just like that he came down here a couple of months So it's the mix oh, you want to make a bet. I'll bet you'll get it some day He's gonna he wants to make a bet with me that you'll get it some day some year some century Jesus Christ almighty So don't pay the little people don't live up to your promises little people and then just you know Exor just shine them That's the kind of workplace. That's the kind of environment that Greg Reed knows not operate here on unhappy radio I'm happy though Because I know sure if I didn't it and we're close yesterday we went over there. Sorry good friends and everyone coast And you know something wasn't even all that crowded because the dolphin game had just ended It was a sit-lating no matter who you were rooting for you got to admit even your star pushes out there Hello the game unbelievable right down to that last play when they're clock ran out So we's different over there and we're close before the crowd started coming in and the food as usual sensational They got every kind of chicken dish every kind of beef to Little boy it didn't take very long. I thought that that memo was like on the walls and the in the halls and grab your balls I thought it was all over the place and it was not so evidently the troops the hard-working people over there And Sheridan street in the QM headquarters of head of work under subhuman conditions for very far too long Our psychotic and rightfully so is that what we're hearing on psychotic Over the announcement of the QA employee of the month or October the month of September was bad It was a slap in a collective faces of those people over there when they gave it to two people who work on kiss on the country music No as pick-ins not when in FM which has nothing to do with QA Don't they have their own separate Play of the month they have their own separate deal I guess but I guess that was another way of giving the back of the hand. I want to take back something I said okay because you know one thing in life you have to leave your options open Have all during the all and I mean the whole ten months we've been all the judges bonus and my bonuses and Greg Reed's wife got sick at a plane and my bonus was two weeks like the last one and who knows when this one's gonna get paid when I'm gonna come back in here again But I keep saying well, you know, it's just the way they do business, but he's really a good guy. He's not a good guy Meg Reed he's in an asshole there you go I mean what what you're gonna have something like this which there's nothing that requires in a radio business or any other business Where you got a bunch of people working together you have to have it in play of the month which is kind of a feel good thing I hate we want to recognize you that something good for us Here's a couple of under bucks or the pin, but you better take the pin because if you take the money you'll never give it again So whatever But to use it Politically and to go on your way to ignore the people who take a lot of crap every day of their lives We really try very hard to do a country is got who've been lied to you on and on and on and get nothing like that and more Perhaps just constantly Is very demoralizing And don't go blame it on me because I just read the damn memo that somebody handed to me and it came in here I read it on the years and now people are pissed off over there and it's not because the heck it's not a personal thing within politics So it's not or will you but the riddition not that's not the point The point that is suggested other way to keep them under the storm and the stick them down Yeah, you're not important. You mean nothing and you know don't expect the rays or any promotion and the school We don't care about you Just keep taking all the crap you can do shot and the bug-off Two open lives and draw with your flat line Here's David. Hello Yeah, you don't know that okay Comment and observation about yesterday's dolphin game D Johnson call was rendered that's the shirt But also I just wanted to think but he has an observation about 50 browns called That running people who's left side on third short every time There's almost like you could What are you afraid for that issue a question? I'm I the only person that watches the way Dan We'll hands the ball off on every running play. Am I the only one who has any criticism of that or is anybody off one? Oh, absolutely not now he says that the running play guys So whole stadium kids the it's the build the defense whoever will play in kids See if the whole audience watching on TV can see it And you watch it the other stuff on a back-like booty you don't have any good stream of it any but I can guide them But I know you have to make some danger right? That's wrong Yeah, you know, he's what you think you get over to the running back well alone hand it off But yeah, I didn't either way one other thing I don't want to make it back from we know they hear what they're sure But I do want to say this you see the value of a guy like slowly who is mobile A mobile quarterback not a statue, but a guy who is mobile can roll out who can run who can do all kinds of things And yes, Danny did run for that one nine years in that one that's right late McGon Which I couldn't quite if for that but that's maybe you Not because he's dangerous that's right right Yeah, I just wanted why they would run across right Wow, then my work it was bad Like I've got a bit of a bad coaching finish. Oh, absolutely Old staff really Oh, I had to off-field make play to really tough team and You know, they did what they did Really work hey That was the best thing before this year. Okay, pal. Okay, but great. I mean I know a lot of people very disappointed because they hate to build black boys Then vice versa the heat the dolphins up there got to admit that was one aspect and game right off down to glass for a second Right out of the last catch on the four-year line and guess what and by the way You do realize if the dolphins wouldn't have had a burn while they're time-outs to that injury late in the game Could have been a Lamar Thomas good of the bet if they wouldn't have had a well-waist one of their time-outs But I think they would have still had one more time out like and who knows what would have happened then but nevertheless Here's Miami hello Miami. Oh, good morning. Yes, sir. I had a few remarks I was laughing out loud by the one gentleman that called you and asked why you best Jimmy Tell me what just called basically you know, I agree with him you should have just fun to the mirror fact That we had a touchdown just early in the game. I was surprised that was a miracle the fact I got any touch Just what I know the way I was along we're often We're doing that's terrible. We finally got a seven point leads We do have a pretty good defense on it get the boys far Even a high school coach knows you know fourth and in the inch or a foot or whatever it is on your own 36 yard line early in a ballgame I mean you don't act like you're doing something out of desperation you've been with you all me And it's better what that wasn't dollars He has not done a damn thing in Miami. Yeah, not one thing so basically your same He's a great coach for what he did out of the Poland and it's ridiculous We show me what you did lately. That's a way to exactly and And that's the mark. I must say I hate a fluency ever since that hurricane BC game. I love it. Yeah, and I hate the bills with my hats off. I mean I start saying hell Mary's every time I see him Really deserves a credit. Okay. Thanks for their least being out of style. Have a great day There's an honest call right there. Let's hear a There were a couple of earthy out of the worst thing this morning right at the bitter end Who told it exactly the way it was but in this time you have to kind of like color everything and Make people feel a little bit better about their lives Yes, sir. I'm coming on this is against and I'm Jimmy Johnson really where was Jimmy Johnson left with Which means what when when when he um when he took over the team He'll pull up over quite reagents like every green and yeah Did Eric we make the decision to go for it on fourth and no one is ready for the card line Let's be honest. Okay, you're a pain in the ass and somebody else is playing there They're playing grab ass on that phone two open lines is date one and borrow slime How come he was making those excuses and Dallas when it came and following a one and 15 year Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello That is on the Elf okay, sir. I'm glad I'm not the only one in these with damn marina Don't want to get the guy plays like he has to mend his legs and cement his shoes. Yeah Yesterday with that call the call if he was gonna go forward to quarterback think But he can't use damn marina's with I think I think Jimmy Johnson is at a catch Twenty-two. I think he would love to pull damn marina a lot of yeah, who wouldn't about him? Okay, they can't even put in Zinhead. He's injured could house he got to put in there He got to put somebody in a can move He need the mobile quarterback. I mean, you know what going on? How come for the last five years that I've been saying on a show the rare very few times I talk about football But how come when I do when I say that they ought to be thinking about grooming a young successor Young uh in fact I heard who that was talking? He's a book camera manager about flying greasy What a great move that would have been but I mean they don't do it They think marina's gonna play forever Nobody has the gooyoni to make the move to a play damn marina was like God and he's not he has great things They can't look at that game. He built a fun line in front of them. He's got a good offensive line protect them He still can't do it and if people are so far and they want to go to a Super Bowl I want to win a division championship They're gonna think about it. They'll be open after right they can make all these excuses I think I think we better co-author a book call a pal's call life after Danny I mean there really is gonna have to be at some day a lot of people that want to have to face that day But they will have to be a day in Miami life after Danny is there such a thing? We have an open line at Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line We want to personally apologize to our friends of it are insurance freedom If we have any for the fact that Greg read his an insulin test. Oh, okay We just has no in-dramy just just no common sense whatsoever just no concept of the troops But once we're out there in the third floor. He tells me that it's gonna all be a lot better anybody buy in that Oh then we'll really get some communication going then we'll really have a program director who's gonna get involved in assisting a son I showed we believe that. Oh call you this morning as he back Okay, excuse me Here's a mobile and del Rey B chill out Yeah, I won't help. Yes, sir I must be the same asshole that it The edge of Charlton has to then the NRA Runs on your station sir. Let me say this to you, okay? Whatever ads are run on this radio station People are paying for and whether those of us on here agree with them or don't agree People are entitled to buy ads They can't you turn them down. It's because those are politically as you can't say no I understand But you know when they miss represents the Sir, I understand that but let me say it again. You can't turn down political ads and you can't You know talk through the political ads and you whether we agree with them or not I understand you and have a great day We have two upper lines in grower five six seven oh five six being pound five six the on the ATT I mean, I'm gonna I should probably be a consummate professional and start screaming in yelling when next time we go or Response on here and then maybe I'll get the thing next month Here's for my ears hello Okay, sir say I'm heading back down to Very and Kia was want I know if you want come with me. I'll buy you take it first class American Airlines Burwen Kia yeah That's pretty close to cut to Hannah But we'll take a Jeep and we'll go towards the Baroque this time around. Hi, okay. See in the bonkers Which is right next to y'all? We have an open line in the day five six seven oh five six the in pump five six the on the ATT wireless line Here's a mobile in-tembert pine so that must have been Terry Murray doing a voice mobile in-tembert pine. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, these guys need to be held accountable just like everybody else But to be George anybody else in this world that was a phone head decision John maybe go for it at that point They're doing one of the worst coaching decisions I've seen by any coach in recent years in a whole league Just untancionable it was off only focused in crap a couple weeks ago when it was we're down by I can't let it go for two point conversion after the touchdown and it'd be a down by four and y'all I forgot all about that it was inexplicable and nothing you were it was like everybody was saying why is he doing that? It means nothing and everything's just got to walk on water, but he's done terrible things. Yeah, I think he's losing it And first Danny, I mean he just didn't hang it up. That's we did That thing I just didn't get hit from behind fumble game over. Yeah, like down there on our 50-yard line I mean he's done wonderful things here for a lot of years. I mean he's really put up a lot of great stats and He goes out there and the place is brains out to the best of his ability, but there comes the time when you got to start Looking to the future and I just don't see them doing that now He does a lot of harbour. Look at guys like Plutians the young all those guys. Yeah, video carons the mobile and they think happened instead of a statue back there You know, I I still and I'm driving away the rapper cry after you can all those stuff that was set on this station about Fluid last week at I've seen him play a lot including when he played for Toronto the Argonauts in the CFL this kid's unbelievable Yeah, that's more and more paper to his game up there was a wider field to it He did tear it up in addition Which don't forget up there. They've only got three downs. You know, it's one two and you're out It's not not like down here when you got four downs. They've only got three down some play without there Sure, well maybe we could trade the end up there for a grizzly bearer. Okay, talk to you later This is sack religious is what it is. Okay. That's what the mad dog is gonna be saying next teammate time he's on here This is downright sack religious I don't think he minds if you're not good Jimmy, but don't be knocking Danny boy cuz man just gets real upset and Joe Rose becomes a Bligman gets his brother in line ball not Danny boy We love you Danny, but we'll see you Or provided bro, five six seven oh five sixty five sixty got a 18t line 21 before noon QM hankle being here from Shulose take two with two now we got the boog shobby there with the orange here from six to seven And then we got the panther game set it a clock don't forget turn the radio down turn it on because then you could be honest and pretend You're listening but just turn the sound on and turn on this fourth channel with all 82 games are in fourth channel by the way Panthers of the islanders in mass off Boy, I'm fed they don't draw flies up there. I mean it makes no different. They just don't care They only got 12 million people to draw from up there New York. They do not draw flies They had their great championships years ago They had the knees potte and they had all that good so now it's another story. They don't care Hey, you want a great cigar Oh Okay, I'm 45 it five sixty. You know, I tell you one thing when you accumulate over a period of two to two other years We got a song for everything in here. You know somebody takes a bad DM We're gonna song it. We got four songs for that I'm gonna free up a song for this though. Wait till you're there somebody brought this by it Beninger is on seven day Just to show you how free this is in America before lottery a police department has developed a bicycle registration program That will keep track of all the bicycles registered the city residents registration is optional for non-resident to ride into the city of Fort Latter What is the purpose of the program the purpose of this program is to reduce the number of bicycle stolen and assist the police and the recovery of stolen bicycles Now well, wait to hear this How much of this registration cost the cost of initial registration is one dollar if your decal becomes lost or stolen will cost an additional dollar to replace What happens if I don't register my bike if police officers may take it into possession and impound any bicycle being operated or Possessed at all streets roads highways alley sidewalks or other rights of way upon which the city has the authority to enforce traffic laws and ordinances When the bicycle does not have a task there to a bicycle registration decal what happens to my bicycle if it is impounded The police department may keep the bicycle impounded until the order obtained a bicycle registration decal or shows proof of ownership pays all applicable civil fines and completes any required community service hours Within 90 days after such impoundment if the owner is not registered the bicycle or required to return showing satisfactory proof of ownership The bicycle should be considered unclined evidence and the city may be tanned to bicycle for its use transfer the bicycle to another governmental entity Donate to bicycle to a charitable organization or sell a bicycle What if I may not present do not register my bike in poor waterdale? Well, the police department shall make every reasonable effort to verify out of city residency and in the event residency cannot be established The bicycle shall be handled as an insity non registered bicycle and maybe impounded Do I need to bring anything with me when I register my bicycle? Yes, you'll need satisfactory proof of ownership for your bicycle if you don't have proof of ownership or required to sign a sworn app at it, which will be noted by said today. So what does that mean? You get like a registration with your bike like you do with your car. I don't think so. What you're I'm talking about like a tricycle a two wheeler a whatever it is a four wheeler and eight wheeler Any wheeler Wow The registration decay will make your bicycle less attracted to bike fees in the event that your bicycle is still stolen by having a registered You're more likely to ever return by the police if they empower let's share it. It is only like 600 hours community service. That's not too bad So government yourselves accordingly in Fort Latterdale. We've got the bicycle Nazis now Open line in date county five six seven 056 we pump by 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in the keys hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm gonna go piece out for you on the tomorrow and I like to talk about that reference to the handle He does it man The field scared of getting hit up courses that you don't want to get hit getting a lot of money But you got to go out there and risk it and and gamble. I think he's going to get my head What is that happening with handing the ball off well? I think it's a lot of money I'd rather not pay if he's so scared he just wants that ball there to get the guy to grab it as soon as he can to get it off his hand Yeah, just a good hit So hold it a little longer. How do a little better? You know, you're a little more you getting good money Let's show a little more. I think he if you know if when he gets pressure he shows a ball he doesn't have a target He gets rid of it too quickly Well, I mean if you want to start I mean getting carried away and just knocking everything that does I think you're way out of line I think he's an ex-officent We're talking about handoff and I'm just giving you my thoughts and I want you to think to see what you thought about that He's like He's got all the time in the world And I'm a part part of your offense and football has got to be deception and you can't you can't fool the defense You can't pull anybody to guy damn steady more in the universe watching on TV when you're holding it out there like a loaf of bread and everybody Well, one and played it all screaming like run, you know, and it's not it's not to affect a damn him We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 5 60 also one a day pump 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello And have a nice life. Okay. He cracked out Let's try Miami online too. Hello Miami Hello, sir. How are you? Okay. Okay. This might be yesterday's news, but I don't know is just listening to C and G C and they're just talking about one of your favorite people Wayne high-finger And they mentioned that he had claimed for the last year so that he was living money with the moment in fact he had made 13 million dollars Sir, I got the thing we've talked about that week. You know from New York Times article and about how we, you know, put the figures and dollars other fans of a accounting that they do Okay, right, I'd like to talk to you wherever. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll take up a collection because one thing we know about Wayne, he's an asshole. We have an open line in date 5 6 7 5 60 pump and pack that guy got the whole worth it All the time today for who are there with my heritage. New York Times, what was the date of this thing? Fishing finances by Andrew Symbol is no relation to F from junior. In short, what appears to be a 29 point treatment in dollar operating loss in 1997 becomes a profit of 13 point eight million it says and it's religious But he's never got enough because he's a poor guy from the attractiveness. What do you want? He's a garbage guy Anybody seen most of his things he's been found there lately? A garbage guy. Marlin's Panthers. You got it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, doing. Okay, sir. I watch something much Friday about this. It's something really cool for me. I'm so glad. There was watching the last Friday night about using the Bible to protect future projects and how like every other letter comes out with something specific. My brother's program was like 24 bucks on the computer and Andrew did me and then the second book is said Neil God. Yeah, I believe it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line but that was with a KN Neil comma God open line in date 5 6 7 5 60 pump. The 18 T wireless one if it's good enough to say in the oral office, maybe it's good enough for us. Oh, God. That's good. Here's an aventure. Hello. Hey, how are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Great show man. You're the greatest man. Yeah. Listen. I was looking. He last week. Yeah. And you gave out a phone number for the most part that's been harassing you. Yeah. I tried to calm because I want to tell him off. Yeah. Yeah, through that. I know with busy. Oh, yeah. His mind's just smoking. I wish I could get as many calls as he's getting. Really? Yeah. I'm going to tell. I got to tell you everything that you say about religion. You're absolutely vague. We with you 100%. Man. You. I mean, much of all crap. All the man. They're horrible. Watch your emotional cripples. Right. I got a quick story for you. I got a friend. His name is Ron. He's listening right now. And he took his kick trick or treating. He's really key when I'm told black. He didn't told him Superman is not black. Didn't mean it's a way. Anything about that Superman is white? No. He's got a confused with the editor of the newspaper. That was Perry White. What's wrong with you, man? That was the only white guy now. It was Perry White. The rest of the world dark. That was his fortune newspaper. That was wrong with his guy. I'm not going to put that Christian parade. They met tasteless thing in him. We have an open line today. One in Broward 560-60-60-60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We had a good response by the way on the DNA stickers and buttons and posted all the course it was free. But nevertheless, it will very enthusiast you about that. And it's very simple. Do no harm. DNA. What does it mean? That's your religion. Do no harm. Don't steal other people's property. Don't hurt anybody. That's it. Don't mess with children. Don't mess with other people's wives. Other unless it's, you know, unless it's okay. But do no harm. That's it. That's the philosophy of life. You don't have to read all the great philosophers. You don't have to read the Bible. There's double talk. That's not all this crap. It's a bunch of world crap for emotional cripples for people who are juvenile, for people who are desperate, for people who need a security blanket like Linus. And it's also a good excuse for not doing anything constructive while we're alive, while we're busy destroying the goddamn planet. That's always a good excuse. Well, a Lord will take care of that. Do it as a good of a job these days, by the way. Maybe he's busy out there out of space working on the other planet, so maybe he's working on your reignus. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. I know why Reno passed the ball like that. Wait, had he's at like that? When he handed off when he sixes on him. Yeah. They said they were commentators said that he does it to draw the defense, but the left is the right. Oh, right up. Ah. She'll work good on it. No, it's not at all. Okay. He does it to draw the defense, just suck the defense. Yeah. It sucks. Very embarrassing. Okay. A little bit of deception would be a lot more effective. I think I could be wrong, Danny. I'm no expert. I mean, I've only been watching football 42 years, but a little bit of deception. A little bit of trickery might be a little more effective. Two overlives in date, five six seven, five six, five six, five six, the on the AT&T, while it's gone. See, this is a town where certain people in sports can do any goddamn thing out of the sun. And right away, there'll be 50,000 people lining up to make an issue sport and explain it. And rationalize it and tell you it was great. Like the asshole before that said it was a, what did you say? A gutsy move by a Jimmy. Gutsy. They should have had the team side-cut just out there on his sideline within 30 seconds after he used to said, go for it on fourth and one inch on his own 36 yard. The team shrank shit about out there. He should have been shrinking it. Here's a mobile in cross-brings. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. What I think you guys said before was true. I've seen it on TV about Danny Panhoff. Jimmy's telling them to do that. If you look at the old days of Danny Marino, he didn't hand the bottle off like that. Yeah. It's Jimmy's. Right. What's the night of Jimmy's thing, huh? There's the Jimmy's right idea. If you look at the way Marino used to do it, he didn't do it. Like they Jimmy come up with his great idea. He's going to pull the defense with that. Yeah. And I thought maybe he'd run a little play action off. It's like looking me on my hand the bottle off. Right. There you go. Like I said, a little deception. Right. A little trickery. A little bit. Not quite so obvious right. No such thing. You know they got fourth and a minute. She think they do a quarter-back sneakier. No you wouldn't say the way you wouldn't. They would do anything. You think that they would pump like anybody with a brain would do not fourth and then turn your own 36 yard line sir. Even a three-year-old child knows you wouldn't do that. And embryo, our fetus knows that you wouldn't do that. But there's Jimmy now it. No. We have it on and then that of course they're going to be those assholes. They're going to say well you know if it would have worked and they wouldn't dream now. Well guess what it didn't. That's a calculated risk you have to make it. You don't do it on your own 36 yard line. When you have all the momentum going your way in a ball game. Then you'll just open the door and let the other team right back in. All can't hear you go. We lost two yards so now you're on our 34 yard line and they just happened to march down the field and fluidy takes him in for a touch time which has the time to tie the game. And let him right back in again. Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 he's a lot of wireless line. Pizza law for someone to work with pizza but pizza law for more than just great pizza. They got all kinds of great Italian favorites. They got your vehicle in eggplant chicken stuffed y'all. Luzonio Manicati great combination plates. They got all types of sauces. You've picked out the ones you like the best. Pizza law for's got good guys of pizza which is that spicy extra spicy and onions and all good stuff inside along with the warman in Luzonio. I'm boldly super sub chicken catch it to a traditional pasta favorites in the best color cool anywhere in his town. And then also got delicious express lunch specials if you can't spread a lot of time at lunch time. Just phone or facts here to in it will be ready in no time at all. They can even blubber by two of piping hot. If you call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty. And if you're one of those guys that's having trouble in your love life, just just sit down in the back with Jeff Cohen and he'll give you some real good pointers of you. Bit cheaper to in the back. Pizza law thirty five four teams have university drive on each side of the university between different road and five ninety five right next to it in no best out of the university. He there have a delivered or taken home. Pizza law fast on you know what we have been doing for a long time. He's going to start getting real up. Because I play the next jingle all the time we never play the pizza law. Jingle and we should all get your half set we do. He's a law. If you want to go Italian and see Jeff Cohen's only tell. You'll have great Italian food and made by a truth. Who has lovely painted nails. This is fine. It's a meal Roger show. It's safe in Miami town. I'm five six oh you. You. I woke up this morning. We were feeling of the same. I know it's for my pussy but my pussy. I'm right. Well well well. My cat fell in the weather. Oh, this was for you to get a kid like a hell and a well. I got all that ever. I climbed down to my head. My brain and jeepy that my pussy is hooking away. Well well well. I can't feel it. Oh, this was for you to get a kid like a hell and a well. But y'all don't know what I'm about to go. What you push this jingle. And if you want to get it have that pre-ed. The ass pussy with fell in the weather. Then it was a pussy like a quite compare. And there. Really has a picture and has a long and crooked shirt. Well well well well my cat fell in the weather. Oh, over to push this pussy. Oh, she's pushing it in the air. And the road. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to tell. Never let her wander her or she might fall in love. Well well well my cat fell in the weather. Oh, Chris was just for you to get me like a hell and a well. Okay. Well, probably two or five, six, and you can't have any Monday too. I think for a lot of it, and we ought to start thinking about it since they want all the methods of transportation to be registered. You're out of a bill. You're both your motorbike, your whatever. And now you're bicycle. How about a wager thing your shoes? That's not good. I mean that's a method of transportation is walking. And every now and then you'll be driving down the road. You'll see like a shoe on the side of the road. Sneaker or shoe whatever it is. That's right, just through our shoes. In four-laterdale. We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight and pound five, sixy on the AT&T Wireless line. There's a mobile in the cable. So, uh, hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm glad to agree with you. I'm like a percent on Jimmy. I think he has shown nothing since he's come here and is one of the worst game day coaches in the league. Uh, he did the same thing two, three weeks ago again. Jack and Bill, we had the ball pretty much control of the game. We had the ball deep. And Jack and Bill's territory. Fourth and three are fourth and four at their 35, 35-yard line. And instead of plotting, uh, hitting them deep or going for them, he goes for a 54-year 54-yard deal goal. And I mean, that goes totally against Jimmy's whole philosophy of playing deal position, football, being anything's wrong. Well, yeah, I guess you want to be known as the gutsy coach for the problem as they're almost known as gutsy goat calls, Bluffin is facing him out of losing games with counter. Exactly. But the coach again, he has a philosophy that he doesn't even stick to. Yeah. So, yeah, today, like you said, I mean, only a few is punt the ball. And it could mean, Shane control of the game. So, you've been up on the 33 or 34-yard line of Miami at that point in the game. Was it like shooting himself in the fun? It's been turnover. It's the equivalent of an interceptor. Right. And just one more thing, with regard to the guy who said the game is scared to hand the ball. I'm not saying Dan to lose ball handler. But he certainly didn't hand it off like that because he's scared to get hurt. Anyone has been playing 16 years again at that point. Oh, we know we've bought out of the Jimmy deal. It's another brain store by Jimmy. Correct. They said the paper and the offseason. They said that Jimmy taught his teaching Dan a new way. So far. He's teaching how to be in F. Nice college Jimmy. That's great. There you go. Taking a Hall of Fame quarterback and teaching him how to lose. Well, we're five and three. Okay, I believe you. They're doing great. And it wasn't great game. We have an open line today. One at Browball one line. Organizers work for months together. They 46,764 signatures in Las Vegas needed to put medical marijuana initiative on November ballot. But lunch and officials who checked the petition set is held short by 43 names after Americans for medical rights after a week count official discovered a chemical in their want to make protect brain cells from the effect of is one. Graduate education. Oh, I see. Okay. Thank you. Fautious education so we can really do six all the public education. Great. Thank you. Good bye. Open line and Broward to a date five online. There's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Mobile and cool for city. Going one. Okay. Have a nice life. Okay. Now we're done. We've got a couple of calls left on. Here's my email. Hello. Yeah. Hey. It's Bruce. Joey's friend. I brought you some stuff in the past. Joey's friend? Yeah. To get you better. Oh. A couple of years ago at the old building. Doug. Yeah. There you go. Now this is a pharmaceutical guy. Okay. Detail man. Thank you. What I don't understand. And I'm watching the top of the game yesterday. And when he goes for it, I think it was going to be a throw to the running back from the back field going up. And why he ran it. Everybody you. He's going to run it. And I think he was going to do a shot on the buffalo bills and he didn't do it. It just doesn't make sense. And every time they throw it, they got yardage on the. The way. I want to flew to play where he like, fake to run and then you to the set. Don't pack for the wide open receiver. The end zone. I think we fake everybody out of their job. And I know you hate the hurricane. But I'll tell you what. But it's got him back on track. Okay. Have a great day. Pound. Whoo. Now they wanted to talk about the dolphin game. One of because it was a very exciting. I'm not sure you're sitting with sports. I don't care about the boat. They played a role school again. Okay. I said they'd have 30,000. They have 32,000. I was pretty good then close. They took the total fan of thing over there. Okay. Sorry not interested. Two open lines of dates went. Broward 560, 180560, 160 and a mobile one line. Eight minutes passed. No one in two, eight. Two eight. Alright guys. Three. Five. Five. Little island full of J. Real man. They wear gays. San Luis and they wear tight pants. Sun, grens. After bottom every day. Bless with the miracle of being. So very best for pilots in the USA giving big things, leather and a big big way. So very best for pilots in the USA giving big things, leather and a big big way. Yeah, I'm feeling. Going the big way to check the field, we enjoy the bags of America. Call 13 at 5.60 WKM next to Garcubby is organizing a shipment of, speaking of help by the way, and I was just on down there a week and I don't know why I'm so slow. But after I left the bed in Jerry's, they were never sure on Saturday, and we had a good turn. I would collect in 17 or 50 bucks, they're not bad. But it dawned on me, the one of the reasons that I'm really pushing in, depleting and squeezing on the center one thing this year, this is the first time I've ever done this completely by myself. And years, we had the best to fill, we had the best to reconccede, we had those guys going out doing appearances. We had like a team effort. And I'm looking at these partial totals that we have over six borders that haven't reported in the US, so I know we're over 50 grand. But our total is still 49,055. You 117 bucks on the internet, by the way. That's great, that is sensational. So thanks again to Eric and Orlando, NeoWagers.com. You can order the best of stuff right over the internet on the website. But so it's a one-tone issue, and I'm sitting here looking at these numbers, and I'm really depressed, but that's not a... The only ambition is so much about because I'm telling you the way it is, it's unacceptable. It is unacceptable. It's called Life in a Vacuum. I mean, I realize when I came over here, they have the state's name, sports, the other 20 hours of this, but nevertheless, I worked with a lot of these people before, D.F. and Hank, this one, and that one, a lot of these folks. And yet somehow between 10 and 2, it's like where a total of island here were like radio and a vacuum, and so we're running a campaign in a vacuum here and try to raise money for charity. I mean, just stop and think about it. Now, one, just by us, most of somebody, remember the other place the way it used to be, people were wandering the sales manager, is this one that one people from the news department, here's 50 bucks, here's 10 bucks, here's the check for 100, whatever they could afford. And again, I can't co-horse, nor do I want to, I don't believe in reason money that way, and try to embarrass people in the getting it. But you think that by now, after all, I've talked about it, somebody somewhere in this building from management all the way down to totem hole, where to come up with something. Have they done it? No. Jesus, this is such a bogus effing placement. Oh yeah, go ahead and spin your magic in there, and you're not going to give me a spin your magic, spin that money in here, it's the big old money wheel. So the old Rogers money wheel, this is, I might as well be got brokering the time here, you know, probably might have been making a lot more because we're making them a lot more than they're paying us. Or be brokering the goddamn time. Because we have no way shaped connection of affiliation anything would erected this guy to replace the other 20 hours a day. I mean, they mentioned that we're here, but basically that's about it. So once again, it's a one-pony show, and we're doing a best we can. Oh, man. That's right, that's my ass almost as much as that bonus thing. Which is unacceptable. But the only places, you know, started the INZ, when they put me on the days, and I got to just do again, it numbers at that point, they put a bonus in my contract. Do I have a problem crossing the bonus on time then? No. And I think that was within five days after the book came up. I OD those nine years under cops and patients that I ever once, any waiting period, have a trouble getting a bonus here? No. It was something you never even thought about. It was automatic. It was like falling off a log. It was like getting out of bed in the morning. But here, every time it's a little something out of the ordinary, whether you record a spot or whether somebody or what it is, it's like a little game that's a bee's leaves and Greg Reed play here. We'll play when we're good and ready. What would get around to it? And we'll pay George if and when we get around to it. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, Altree. Mobile in West Palm Beach, Chummo. Mobile in West Palm. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, you know? Okay. All right. Listen, Mary, if you move to, if you move to go on that, I call you and I give you a play how will it came of the Miami, Wisconsin and Spanish. And I live in Broward, so I don't really get that APP line. So I can listen to the game and say I'm just, I'm pretty minding about it, make the story. It's a deal for the game as on CMC when Spanish. You can turn on the Spanish radio and turn it on. It's on the TV. You say it's a Spanish teacher and an ATRAMS that it has to game. See, I'm here right. WCM, here right. Oh, okay. I didn't know. I'm sorry, I told you. Well, this is the whole thing. I went to my first house. I mean, I had to, I had to back him, to shut the radio off and listen to the game and name it. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's it. We all want to call up in the board and then we'll go to, we'll play the Miami Dolph and son of a relationship. We can't get these people in, but little out of their dorms here today, man. It seemed like there's none of the dumb. I told you I want to first and then, Frank, Jake. Miami, here you go. Oh, we're over there. Come on. Let's see. We show you. Oh, no one's ever seen. Okay. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 6. We got two open lives. Here we go. Somebody's shot us right in the garden. Put. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 6. Con 5. 6. On the mobile one line. Any interest out there today. Oh, we actually fake our way off for two hours and 20 minutes today. I mean, it's got for a second place. Any interest. Nobody went anything to say about anything in the world. Oh, okay. Just checking. Here's a mobile and poor saint loosely. Hello. Oh, yeah. I just wanted to say thank you very much for playing pussy that fell in the well. Yeah. I'm the guy that sent that to you way way back. Really? Didn't listen to me ever since. And the reason I'm playing you play is because I lost it. Really? Through a divorce. Uh-huh. Well, I just wanted to say thanks at all. So I don't know what's with your phone system, but I can hear George talk to you. Yeah, that's right. That's what he works. That's a bonus. That's beautiful. Anyhow, love your show. The solution for like ever. So you take care. Okay. I'll go find a new one. Well, okay. We have an open line at Broward all three of the days. On Fort DeWan, that Jimmy Johnson made. Fourth and I don't know. And I wanted to hear. I wanted to point out the irony that after Johnson left Dallas, Richard did something similar against Philadelphia several years ago. And I believe Johnson was quoted, um, he negatively about that call. He essentially did the same thing yesterday. And this is not Monday morning quarterbacking. There is just no justification for that call. There is no reason. It's kind of an issue with Monday. I might even say what a one-to-game. I mean, still people would be saying, what kind of a bonehead deal was that, but especially when they went up losing the game by six points, I turned a whole moment into the game around at that point. Even though they eventually had a 10 point lead. Still, you keep looking back at that point and die. I just can't believe the game would have ever been the same if they wouldn't have, would have pumbled there. And the funny thing is the crowd was already out of the game. We were up seven nothing. I have a little moment and with my amy. That's correct. I mean, to use the excuse to say we had to get the crowd out of the game. It's like saying, well, you know, if they they got any momentum at all, we knew we were going to lose the game. That's basically like what he's saying. I can't even get really up the question as a cop. I mean, you know, the dolphin just seems to me before Jimmy Johnson came here during all the shooliers. The dolphin's been playing in Buffalo and all those other wild stadiums as long as I can recall. And they still had overcome the same crowd and the same noise. And it's partly, uh, I'm beyond to what you're up again. You think Jimmy would pull the galley on a five on four? Jimmy wouldn't know our five on Uranus, seven great day, pal. In fact, I think Jimmy Johnson and Terry Murray are the same person. What do I say? Two of the most boneheaded calls in the history of coaching over the weekend. And I shouldn't be talking about it. That's right. We practice the power play five on four. So that's what we wanted to go with. I mean, seriously. I can't believe that people are passing out in their living room right now on a sidewalk just hearing me quote that out of the guy named newspaper. What a lame excuse. I mean, you sucked him into a stupid penalty. You got a chance to get yourself back in the game. Pull off a late miracle like the anti-hive did a couple of nights ago. And then, uh, no, no, no things will pass. It's like declining a penalty. The same football theory. It can't decline a penalty, baby. Here's cool, spring. So long. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're taking on a real and popular subject today. You're talking about God in this town when you criticize the dolphin. I agree at 1,000 percent, which is saying, and I also think that then, where we know, there's not helping this team anymore. Yeah. The guy was good in his day, but he told me he can't run when he ran those nine yards. I mean, he was spent for the rest of the day. He was hoping to be helping you. I mean, his legs are like one side from the night. What's the five? Mm-hmm. But they're all paced and everything up. Right. And we need to, it's a time we need to start to move. Put another direction with a new corner. But they haven't even talked about that. They never thought about it. They haven't drafted looking for that. They've done nothing. Nothing. And it's a direct result. This man is indestructible. And we all know that, like any every single play could be his last. Absolutely. And what happened is the guy had greatness. It was started because the guy out in sports. I mean, what's the, and hockey year year ago who retired. It still to hide his game. The match goes went out. Ted Williams, when they were up there. The marino hanging on and hanging on and hanging on. He started to look like a hazard. Yeah. And they need to make a, make a, make a, make a change. And he's talking about the re-tombing. I'm repiring about great athletes. So you got to know when it's time to hang it up. You got to hang absolutely. Okay. Okay. One quick question. It's one comment too. You made a comment earlier today about the Colosseum, or one island. They don't draw us. They haven't drawn in years. Right. But right now there's a big protest going on. The thing is crumbling. I know that. But that's a very lame excuse. The fact is before they had any protests about that. The islanders haven't drawn flies in life. They're going to have to glory in the late 70. I pretty said excuse them. Yeah. It is. Okay. But the range is down. And by the way, the devil's on draw either. Have a great day, Tom. Okay. One line left on the board that's written all the rest through that. I guess a bit of crank up the music here. It is Monday after all. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Two eight half. Peel right behind. Five six. Five six. Eight. Eight. Five five. Well, I know my sister all my life. Five six. Right. That is why she's now my wife. Five six. And I think, my son made her a treat. He's my nephew too. Six seven. Well, my daddy is my uncle. Your mother is my near-and-low. The way to bury paper seed, my friend's government is me. All right, 2560 WCM. Look at these numbers from the center one campaign from this last week. We do something good for my birthday. Go on by the best of the year, parts one or two are both. And if you don't want to listen to them, put them in the trash bin. Okay, but center one can use the 20 bucks. And all eight borders all over a brown, dating Palm Beach. Or you can call the phone number 5633600, brown, Carl Settar 1. They'll ship Machia de Rek, 954 or 563 3600. Or you can hop right on the internet via watches.com. It's right on here. Fight, wet on the web. They'd line open 563. I've done give that number. Well, call that number. Okay, that's not a little, you know, in center for it. 56705600 and 6560 on the mobile one. My mind is even here right now. You know, my mind is somehow with this red read business. Or I keep thinking of myself. He's an asshole over and over and over again. Just keep shooting himself into foot over and over. It surprised that man gets to go off. He's going to be hobbling around. Here's a mobile in Marguer. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. You said this morning that there was a foot there. Even a five year old kid with no to pull the go on. Yeah. I got a son of play girl off. You margated and he's seven and he's took me. Daddy, why does he pull the call? What did I say? There you go. Oh, my god. He's showing up. Can you borrow it? At least I'll eat. I'll eat. I'll eat. At least I'll eat. I'll eat. Yeah, good for him. Yeah, the first game. But then we were back to figure out the second game. Yeah. That's right. I'll have a good day. Or make a career for Robbie. Okay. Thank you. There you go. He's seven year old kid could be the coach better than Terry Murray. Open line and proud. All three of them. We're closer to that music. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. You're new. Yes, sir. Or about. I got a serious foot. Yeah. Can you play on the fight? The pipe. The pipe vendor. Okay. We'll work on it, pal. You're put. So if he's got 40 pounds or something in his post. Here's Margay. Hello. Hey, now. How's it going? Okay, sir. I got a disagree with one of the last colors. Just said that. Marino's not helping the team anymore. I think it's like you stated earlier that Jimmy Johnson has taken a whole game quarterback and caught him out of lose. Mm-hmm. I mean, he's put a leash around this guy. So much that you've got no freedom. He can't do anything. Mm-hmm. The worst decision in the world in my opinion was taking away his audible to read the defense. I just don't know how you think about that. I agree. Okay. Jimmy wants to call the shots. Jimmy's a dictator. He's got an ego bigger than the whole town. And we're either going to go up in flames with him or the other way around. It's a moment. You know, he's a shouldn't keep back firing. Well, you know, it's, you know, Marino doesn't get the ring. Then we know, I don't know if you can put the blame on Jimmy, but, you know, you got to look somewhere. So far, he showed me nothing. Absolutely. Okay, pal. Thanks. Ever great day. Open line in three and days one line. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I have to make your feet yourself. Did I hear correctly that during the world series season of the Marles? I think I made a profit? Yes. You're kidding me. No, not. Yeah. That ball said a pineapple face sort of a bitch. Yeah. I mean, I can't claim he lost 29.3 million dollars. And it's steady lost 13.8 million. And he made 13.8 million. I can't. Listen, and that bastard was wanting and thinking about, oh, I need a stadium. I need a stadium. Please. You know, right? And by the way, we heard any more about the John Henry deal. Is that thing done yet? No. And about the perspective buyer for the Panthers? No. It's never going to happen. You get to throw the Panthers after this season. I guarantee it. Read my lips. Oh, I don't think I don't think he would go on to do that because he's raking in the dough from that arena. Hand over a fist. I mean, he's making a fortune in there with the Scott boxes and the club seats of all the other revenues got his. Don't forget, now he's got his own joints. We don't have to split it with anybody else. He's getting all that revenue in there. And I'll do that. What the county is taking out of it. And he probably got a squeeze that I'm there for a couple of years with. And you notice he's not going to go on penny. Big bucks for any talent. Listen, Neil. I know he's just going after this season. You know why? You get it first of all. I know that people down here are pretty stupid. But they're not that stupid. So that's going to go. They're not going to go spending their money and go into it. Again, when there's no product after the first year. Sure. Well, you've got to understand though. When you get to these new arena, there's so much of it is corporate. Those season tickets in the lower bowl and the club seats in the switch. So much of it is corporate that that's not even having that much of an impact anymore. So long as the big companies are willing to shell out and keep their season tickets. You watch these other new arena's rung league like the Faitana and Boston. And something any of the new arena's. You'll see huge chunks of empty seats. They even write down low. You know, write the right center. You enormous chunks and it's not that they're not paid for because they have been bought. But it's not that they don't want to. Because they're corporate. That's all. Yeah, they're just not being used. And you see that money going to go into good going to get a new goalie? No, of course not. The guy's listen, the guy's not going to see dial my money. Here in feed and close your meal. Do up. You're in a through-spag. And a half. Okay. Okay. Mobile and deer field will clear the board. Never go to music when we come back. Hello. Do you know how you doing? Okay, sir. I've called that. Pale department. You guys called over there twice to advertise your face. And I can't get it for turn phone card. They've had too much business. But they can't return calls. Yeah. Yeah. We just had a little refresh. And kiss you. You have to notice if it's all spot radio. We're going to start a billboard campaign. Just all spots radio. Which role with them? It's not a new. This is a surprise. I don't want to talk about it. Can you play? I've got money. Okay. Thanks. 24 to I wanted them. They don't feel about that. That's okay. That's all going along with them. Whatever the police come up with. That's okay. That's good. They're all still being no big deal. 6, 2, 8, 11. Why are you like that? I'm going down. I'm so proud. I want to go. I'm so proud. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to ask you. That's okay. Let's go. If you follow your of Guro investment site, I'll keep going. Someone can revive it. I'm going to let you zu liar. Minouch. 1, 12 wellbeing. . Hey, and I'm going to get here at 2, 2, 1. You vote far away. Cannot go anywhere with your children. They feel fresh. for that not a nice even though he did make the picture me a little bit on the swissie side you know on the swissie side will be too much lipstick all even black and white he could tell her what's the happy early birthday from Danny the side painter thank you Danny oh yeah just a okay we got the 600 open line five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line play one of the music let's know okay maybe just subliminally just a thought of it will get them to the phone but I doubted well they got nothing talk about today except they want to probably about they tend often game and I'm sorry I've been in the first place we didn't have the one guy who called in who's seven year old son knows more about hockey than the Terry Murray I'm sure God bless you and your family that got someish kaka here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hey I just wanted to remind you Neil that George didn't get his bonnet yet no yeah and you I think we love listening to you but I think you said you were gonna go on a little sick leave or something if you didn't get it yeah well he did the drag week came down here and said it will be in the next paycheck is what Greg Reid said I also like Greg Reid and also today is the day for my bonus and if the bonus isn't here by two o'clock I will not be here tomorrow we'll miss you but we will we'll support you I went on also mentioned that one of the things that Wayne also inherited or got when you got the new stadium was the right to all the parking which certainly has to be about another seventy thousand per game is opposed to what he had in day count he had the other arena right oh yeah he's rigging ahead over fifth of this building no question about it yeah so well anyways I just wanted to go to have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you and that's right it's uh... quarter to one was still waiting for some more done at bonus check well and maybe when the maybe two days a month they do your Saturday or whatever like uh... she said the guy father member we have an open line in broad two and a five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's poppin oh hello you sir yeah can I bet that's just he didn't have to start the story today like that there are a uh... head a you can to spend myself during the market fire people have to stuff They every coming for a request on the government of duty at time tomb but math Booker Yeah, I've got you down. Okay, have a great life. Good out of here. Oh my god, you know, there's no point in push you get you people got nothing to say today They ran out of the material. I did their thing about Jimmy is an asshole and Danny's getting old It's fine. Okay, now what? I mean, I could do my thing about here sugar and the sweeten you the American diet Which you don't want to hear about because see this audience price to eat They don't want to hear about losing weight, which I'm desperate to do. Oh, I'd by the way Want to thank my good post personal friend Greg Nelson up there at Lou backroach here. Really. Holy takes good care of me I never even told this story out on the year about my 97 Corvette. Let me just say this to you. Okay, don't buy a 97 Corvette That would be the only model to hear. I would tell you the stayway because that's the year They made the major engine change and lots of you know body style changes and people award me They said the first year that's always the lemon that's always the problems and I told you about some of the other problems I had reduced engine power and this and that and then Friday morning I get in the car to come to work here and The lights are ringing and flashing here. We go again reduced engine power and I said screw it I just had the module change. I just had it six to the 85 times. I don't need no problem So I made one easy call Saturday I go up there to well after my appearance has been in Jerry fought myself a beautiful new 99 Cudor Corvette which is sitting right out there by the way George They nice I love that pewter everybody's got to have a pewter How can you get on the internet without a goddamn pewter? But anyway Greg Nelson who's been suddenly cars up there for about a hundred years this guy lost more weight on the Atkins diet About 45 50 pounds I couldn't believe it. I looked at it and said what they'll happen to you you look great And he thanked me once again. Here's another guy's life that I saved and looks a shadow of his former self on the Atkins By I Mean he was though he was blobby believe me. He was a big blobby guy So thanks again Neil There's seven somebody else is right too bad you can't do it for yourself Too bad you just can't get off that goddamn sugar too bad you're hooked you're addicted Addicted to it you just can't stop sucking up that damn sugar Here's Papa. Hello You do and okay, settle that a little today big guy tomorrow day meaning what I can't say if I settle down then they really go into a coma Well, that's what you're there for any of tomorrow's the bigger action day has a look at in the house in the Senate In your opinion. Well, what do you mean how's it looking? Right? I want to see twice Republican Democrats They know it looks like the Republicans are gonna get the the big Shifter they thought it looks like they're Democrats are gonna lose about maybe three four more seats in the In the in the in the in the house maybe half a dozen at most and maybe two or three in the Senate that well Huh, all right because he because even yesterday if you're watching the Sunday talking hedgehogs even the Republican hotshots are Weed down there on the rest of it. It's not there really low-balling That's what I was reading, but I still thought they were looking at double digits in your way Your take is what about the Nazi up in tele-hatsy? What do you think which it raised looking like there? No chance You don't think he's got the electric run. I'm saying buddy McCay no chance One vote ten times foul. Don't early and often We're 10 on 60 minutes lives like get your dogs your cats your ducks your geese get them all together in vote 600 times for buddy McCay Because he ain't got a Chinaman's chance Open line in Broward two and day five six seven. Oh five 60 palm five 60 on a mobile one line Mobile and South Miami. Hello Dale. Yes, sir We're talking a while back with the Clinton bashing about any kind of political ramifications Just what are these guys stuff to for? Friday I'm up driving up in Browland, Orlando and 5 and I want to be for parkways and who I see in the middle of the meeting holding a little sign is Mr. McCollum The guy that we see oh my god We stood there. I don't know like I'm saying what the heck is this guy doing? I mean somebody get a run-in over He's out there wave at a sign to this guy's really worried about a Clinton bashing and I Pick it you might want to you know a little interest item here rather than talking about sports, but I thought it was pretty funny Okay, you know Monica's gonna go Republican right because the Democrats put a bad taste in mouth. Yeah, she goes both ways Okay, we have an open line in Broward two and day five six seven. Oh five 60 palm five 60 on a mobile one line Five here anymore jokes about Hanukkah Lewinsky here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. How are you sir? Okay, listen to all the darn love you show When it's tell you it's just that every one to vote is great Democratic ticket all the way Yeah, every single Okay, please stay everybody go on vote for every Democrat on a ballot sounds good to me All right I'm a goodger, but okay Sounds great to me And if I would have just seen that 60 minutes piece. Why did they show that a couple of months ago for questions? I'd be registered 200 times already. I'd be registered 50,000 times I'm a Kentucky guy then buddy McCain there if I would have known that few months ago now they show it two days before the election Open line and Broward two and new women are like yeah, right? Tell me another story. Okay. We've got the invisible even Ray Malan was more visible than our female audience if we got an illustration I guarantee that Five six seven hope it's like that thing they stick up the back of your car when you go to the emission inspection station That's probed that they stick in it. That's what we keep doing your every day between 10 and two probing out there To see if they get any response Do we usually no, not really here's homestead hello? Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I got a talk about Jimmy Johnson. Yeah, Jimmy Johnson makes a bonehead call every game at least once Mm-hmm and Players are playing hard. I got it into the players players playing hard. Yeah, but they have to overcome his bonehead Don't you think you're talking about? Yeah, you're right about That was pathetic was like you were it was like there was nobody else on the field like the defenders just start there That's secondary at times. I mean We could have won that game we were up by 10 points in the fourth quarter. Yeah, why did he not defend the end zone? If he could have defended the end zone instead of going for the play in a section where he was doing You know when you get up by so far you saying that Jimmy Johnson makes mistakes and that what you're saying sir. Oh I think you're out of line. Okay. There's a caller who's definitely Out of line Jimmy don't make mistakes. We have two open line today five six seven Five sixty five sixty out of mobile one line. Yeah. I'm looking at these center one numbers from last week Not never in all the years that have been on here Has anything in sense me more than the fact that this outfit is so goddamn cheap Now one thing allowed one sales person no am I missing something did the sales person come to me with a check that I forgot about Because if they did I mean because I said that originally I forgot about block made the nice donation The piece of off that night, but is there anybody else in this building who donated one single set of penny a nickel a dime a dollar Does the center one thing can you think of anybody? The sales manager did she I mean I don't want to start signaling people out the general manager The incorporation over there in Naples those going over there they come up with a dime Tosh bro casting used to come up with and by the way even run a fake and Peter Bolger Used to come up with a nice fat check the one new year We were attached to nobody came in with a big guy. I mean a good check. I think taking me 500 even as much of a douchebag as he is and Want to give me as much or whatever 500 thousand whatever it was Because we were doing something it was something because that we believed in we were involved in and they wanted to be parked in a Participate in it here all they want to do is take the credit for it They don't want to participate they just want to take the guy to oh look what we're doing here on QA You're not doing squat that's what you're doing Give me no assistance baby none Zipity do do do zero No oral support no moral support no nothing and that's the way they're doing operate Person buggy just like I've been telling you for ten months. I'm not making it up. I only wish that it weren't true I only wish that Norma can't never darken my door Said he never ran into this Greg greet greed guy. It's lunatic. He's an asshole man. Oh man We've got stories. Every day's got more stories for you The check is in the mail he's gonna get it on the 20th. Yeah, but I bet by the world my wife got six But it was something that was a terrible story that was a very sad incident and that delayed my last bonus check to week But I don't think anybody got sick this last time What's the story now on its phone is check? And yes, I am gonna be a hard ass. I'm gonna stick right to the parameters of what it says in my contract because if you're not a hard ass with these people As you see with the George situation it just rags on and well We'll get around to what it in the check is in the mail and the beesleys had a tough month and they can't play the electric bill and maple and butter made Fettable put them up God damn bunch of millionaires multi multi millionaires and they can't give you whatever it had you got come on whatever the amount is Whatever the measly beesleam out is they can't come up with it when it's supposed to be Here's for modern day, hello For modern day, yeah, yes, sir. I'm gonna call him about Miami dolphin. What is it? Dr. Dolphin who? Why I make a hop in what about him sir speak why why do we have to go through so many receivers when it's really the quarterback Damn arena, yeah, okay, damn arena sucks, okay. You're your comments are well loaded so even though you're full of crap We have an open line in day one and three hours five day lost the bomb, okay He's been really got him down to the four yard line with two seconds as clock ran out yesterday at the end of the game All day and he's for all let's find somebody to blame. Let's not blame the coach. Let's blame somebody on the team 5 670 560 pump 560 on the mobile one line Mobile and cross bring some of Mobile and cross bring okay, have a nice day here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how's it going? Okay? What did you take to go to get on your radio station man? You're your program meaning what I've been on all four minutes in 13 seconds now that you're on say something sir No, I'm you know the rich guy rich. I thought it won't give you guys your bonuses It's hot. Yeah, you know, I think that too. Thanks. I give you okay, great. Okay. Thank you Okay, we have an open on he waited all that time he's had such a tough time getting on it. What did he say that he say anything? No 560 560 pump 560 on the mobile one line another Julio with no life Here's a mobile in debut. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. I agree with you make a pay at number one number two Listen, not any small spread of players fault. I was interested in the F2 when I saw that phone had play We're not putting the ball to find out From a paper today any paper a Jimmy Johnson would owe up to the problem He made a mistake. You know what Mary and the front Mary and said I made it To the coverage He said hey, it didn't work. We tried to do it. You know that commited. We didn't have enough He failed so we didn't have enough Jimmy Johnson say screwed up no Jimmy Johnson don't make mistakes He's a hard ass with a real crappy attitude to balance the rip into the media and anybody who dares to criticize him He made a very very serious unacceptable wonder and even though the game, you know, it had its ups and downs long after that Never to last that change the whole tone of the game That's the only thing that upset me is good and delays tape or any interviews after we're people say you know what? I think I think I do that call He didn't say that he said hey, it didn't matter that called didn't have anything to do with the outcome of the game I thought that was interesting. Well, that's Jimmy All right, don't leave mistakes. Okay, have a great day, sir. We have an open line in Brown and of course like I said It is a pope who's nothing but a little weasel of wannabe Starts off pretending he's gonna rip into Jimmy and the worst colleagues ever seen in the worst one He's ever made here in Yadia and then by the time he gets to the end of his long convoluted column In which he actually says to one point oh, I bear with me. I'm actually gonna say something here And he does by the time he gets to the end well, and we do understand he was trying to quiet the crowd take the crowd out of the get and They're starting up being out of apologists again as usual We got a bunch of weak sisters right news in the newspapers in this town column this and most of the people on here weak sisters We just don't want to tell a like it is none of you do say it like it is then you were a bad guy then you're a son of a bitch Everybody has time to give you that evil look you Exactly six and five One oh two a five sixty W Q I mean there are a lot of rumors that the islanders We're gonna leave a national long-alien kind of kind of or national kind of color scene and move to Jersey and play in the middle lands like the devil's Do but you know why they won't move to Jersey Here's Miami. Hello Yes, man Or for my day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line You know the asshole it was running around with the along the unison that was Ken block by the way I can tell by the past the arms And the beard Ken block and the beard they were there on Saturday Yeah, not one single solitary penny from the whole staff here other than our program Directed W Q amp for a set of one fundraising campaign. This is what you call teamwork Baby, this is what you call a real team effort going on here Make sure just warns the cockles of your heart if I can say that can I say that? No, sorry Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir, yes Let me remind you that also early in the season another bone has played a gym in my Dimitraus and made it with that you won't put two and here we have that sure very discussed That's why sports talk is boring because people keep repeating the same boring stuff over and over again I'm very sorry. I watched the game. I'm not it was a great game, but I'm sorry I brought it up Let's leave the other 20 hours of the day to Jimmy Johnson and the dolphin and they lost the game and Doug foodies rated set of in so on Here's a mobile in crosspring so Okay, he's gone because he did that I don't want to hear any more about it I if I have to sit here and talk to myself all hour I'd rather do that than you just repeat the same thing over and over again. There's nothing more than needs to be said Okay Look at that just and we had every line on here lit up because they all want to say forget about a tank I'll be on it too. Okay, I don't want to talk anymore goddamn sports That's why it's pondressing boring because you got the same oh and how about if oh about it? It was your darling we just throw a pancake block At that point when I heard that I should have said to myself it's time to go on that ship of Colonel Glenn I'll panakek block Two open lines of date county five six seven blind mobile in pepper fine. Hello Hi, how you doing okay, sir? I like to tell you a little story about the Nazi police album kind of time Yeah, they got an intersection on times full of art and 130 six Avenue out in front of the Adonation there and they're constantly They're not a ticket trap there and they finally have to live in out there five years They finally got me to run in the red light and and I found out when I went to court It's a popular transportation state laws that that for every 10 miles of post the seeds that a yellow light must stay Yellow for one second The mileage out there is it's 50 miles an hour so the yellow light must stay yellow for five seconds Right, which I found is out when I went to court which I didn't know until the cop brought it up The white told the charges is there's no way that that light age yellow for five seconds This is all right. I'll give you 30 days to get a letter from the Department of Transportation posting What at how long that light they're yellow? Don't want to court a couple days ago There's one that's interesting. I didn't even know about this because I I went to trial and it's because it is no way to like Yellow for short I went out there and I tried it I like to see yellow for only three seconds, but that's why these cops did out there We day in and day out. Yeah, and that's why they got the red light because the hospitalization of World Service called easy pickin. Yeah, so now I got to get a letter from the Department of Transportation saying that this light is only three seconds And I I've video taped it and everything's a now I go back to court and show this charge No one of it's a ticket trap and they just bought people time and time and time Everybody want a red light. Yeah, what is only three seconds and they know it? Anybody out there in Pember, Parnson posted that in a section in his thousands of us You can just go back there and stay say hey, let's just yellow lights only light is yellow for three seconds Got five seconds like it's both there and there's another one jitter breaking law. We ought to put the DOT people in jail Okay, no, don't do it again Here's Miami Lake, hello Hey, yeah, how are you okay, sure? I didn't clear you talk about sports because obviously this whole town doesn't know what the hell they're talking about And it's not really a sports town to be honored you practically the only one who knows sports in this town I'm a Buffalo Bill friend and the only thing I acknowledge from from this Miami pants Regardless it's Jimmy made the decision of taking it far going for it regardless of whatever happens These people wouldn't be happy. I mean you had to make the first round. That's how you make this people happy I mean it's stupid. It's just it definitely could pay the big buck These people know what the hell they're talking about there's a worse Work time I have a scene in the hole you're not a star I don't understand what even you had to make the first down. What is that mean? Well it was the ball was what three and one 31 to No, which one and one more and one on their own 36 yard line. I don't go for that. All right. You don't go for all right One six you have to be honest why not you're playing you me a football fan and you ask me I'm not a football fan. I'm not a football fan. I'm not a football fan. You first you started to call by saying you work Gonna talk about football and all you've talked about is football and you don't they and you're not gonna Miami fans you don't know what you're talking about Yeah, he's a Buffalo fan cuz they want to game yesterday Like anybody he probably got his goals jersey on already because they want to game yesterday That's gonna be a good luck a goddamn rubber glove right in your old pro back go that's right No clue what they're talking about they county all three lines open five six seven Oh five sixy pound five sixy on a ponderous freaking 18 T. Wireless line. Oh my god Money hours today of this we got a misdation but that's not five five is there like two percent of my many I do what they're talking about. Let them make some feel better Where do you go when you feel in like 113 and five 60 W2M may have an open line in Broward than two hundred lines on that what's on the 21 Just check it What does that mean Our sales manager is just checking in To see if we're still here to see for on a year Does she know where the station is on on the dial? No five six seven. Oh five six here's a tamarack Hello hey, what's up off I don't know hey got a couple things for you First thing you don't know what the hell you don't have to get the talk excited about you don't win six or seven game Do you along anyway? We're talking about it sir next topic okay Went out to that piece the law good boo yeah That's your over a while after a city and everything everything is fine Going home made it down to about the mobile space. Yep. That's we got a deal good. I got a special deal with a mobile station We have Broward lines up somebody and this is gonna come up with like fifty cents a dollar two and a half They didn't get a piggy bank Huh? They didn't get one of those little China piggy bank And it really bad everybody four cents in there Man, oh man these people refuse they don't care and there's nothing you can do to make them here They don't want to be in a bomb they don't want to know from it and that's great All of Broward County all three lines open you know their lines were smoking when you were taking a link and I was gonna Come back this the way this is what happened. Yeah, yeah, try to get do it number two five six seven All five sixty and five sixty on the 18 T wireless line here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hello, I'm speaking. Oh, are you okay? I don't know. Just say one thing please let me try to make my point Yeah, make your point with it. So, okay See your your dead tip off happens every time you're called or please let me speak let me see Yeah, let me speak here's a mobile and girl city hello Yes, sir, I'll just walk in the CNN they're going to prove yeah and they had You're talking about a first sell given a million dollars for college on yeah I didn't know what what if you kind of do have it don't you watch the news here Because he's a publicity seeking an asshole That's all you know and always has been I'm sure Well, we're bringing the point world, you know Oh What is this you would think hot don't we are not in this getting kind of far away mean that we got the prove with illegal Yeah, you said that but everybody's at all no no no whatever Found you know She got a whole but no it's got you look so off that it's Bitch They count he's open now. I just discovered that I'm seeing it in my side Well, he's got a busy for life like everybody in this time Is they mobile and four dollars? Hello, okay, sir Have a quick three you don't Man, I want to talk to you think about the long Howard just a lot cut the bull crap you were all those lost And start dealing with the cocaine the heroin people those are the people that are like robbing your seven levids and killing people and they're all trying to praise these Bell Okay, no stability for me on cocaine crack cocaine regular played old cocaine any kind of cocaine No somebody in this corner sorry pal Face the call by the way, George. Here's a mobile and four-lover deal. Hello Hello, you're sure Just one question. How are you been? What does that mean? No, what I want to know what is that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? No, Paul. He goes. Did you hear? Do you know what he's thinking about jackree and Jackree? Oh, it's good. I'll just tell you what. It's not even to see this if anybody here know who jackie Lee is decide you will me Well, exactly. No, okay. Thank you I already talked about it. Here's another guy. We had a hook him up with a guy too Call it to go. That's fine out of my name. Her call that a many dollars to follow John Old pale New sir just like Jackie Lee old and still Opelotted drower to into a backwood Jackie leader freehold and you know why Jackie Lee hangs out and freehold? What a push for you, sir. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Well, I'm leaving my garden. You're on the button mobile in my own. Oh, no, no, sir You know what the phone you know what there's anything to go about in the board. What is it? You go there's no back to law and I think they need to have okay, right? Go get your own balls. Okay, Now maybe you can find some on a street corner some American buy some As we got looking for balls to open lines a day to a bit of two sports on it I'm important to some police officers like Metro data and all you know the safety department on this proposition 12 And some of these fellows are scared to speak out to lose on their job. Yes, so I'd like to at least Point for your car some of their point. In fact in the old and days You drove your car you'd be legal in one county with a gun illegally to another county and you arrested You could be thrown in prison and not even know you were illegal. I unscrewed your most Propacus. Yeah, they also said that the you criminal sale of guns that gun shows is so small The impotions compared to the Elegal gun sales elsewhere and around the country. Yeah, no they feel this proposition is just Does more harm they does good to the honest sit it's another judge be able to walk you a gun show and buy a six or seven Guns without any criminal check and just walk out the door. Lots of ammo is that what you're saying No, we're what we're saying that what I was trying to close down here everything they're trying to good They're trying to egg but that's what's wrong. The incident a gun that's all in jail That's all in the bluer says they county lines are over share without one real lady call in here today Is that possible? What on entire four hour show? That is there oh no, we had that old woman that called before us remember all thank God I remember that well She don't count She's older than a few of us grandma that old back now. She was nice. She just the old and she was born 560 505060 on the 18t wireless line Here's Hollywood hello. Yeah Did you see the teenager We sent this court to three or four years for position marijuana You're so despondent. I'm gonna head the story on here here Friday jumped out of was in Manhattan and jumped out of the window and killed himself Yeah, amazing we were going yeah There are one of those by hardened criminal Who has it just feel about that or he just he's here? I think the judge out of Goldman commit suicide is what I think That's a good idea. Okay. Thank you I'll get on the subway with burn out get what is another one for you Open line and Binti wireless line. We keep probing just like John Glenn Let's go keep sticking our probing back to nothing happening Yeah, you know the settle parties up there in space still has that a good like that That's why he went up there. He's been plugged up for about 20 years John Glenn Thought that because you know where all that free weight and free Still has that a BM up on that guy didn't ship and that's what they're all laughing about you know It should be kind of show that asked the people out of your life in her hands up. Hey John had one today yet good be No, not yet Here's maybe if he had to more those goddamn flutty flakes. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir You've got a great show. I like it alive. I just follow make the point. Yeah The demo crowd I'm going to make proud in this election because of their way to Republicans when about this Monica Gates right So then we're gonna make it in this election all across the country Okay, I hope you're right sir from your mouth the godgears like your coat a lot and God bless you I hear you go he said oh, God gonna make sure all of them a crowd's get into my that's what he said Because we're sick and paradise god damn I hypocrite these sanctimonious whole crap Republican by new King which and always other damn Burton Henry high he's high lit the broke up that poor guys marriage over there in western Open nine and Howard you have over the weekend The way yesterday being Sunday all those good right your Christian how many million? I forget how many million they give in up around the news life The millions and millions of those little sheets they headed on all those churches all over America Those good right wing born again hypocritical asshole those bigoted douchebags those come back They want to take over the whole goddamn government You think they endorsed one single Democrat. No, I don't think so Because now all of a sudden evangelical Christian and Republican it becomes anonymous There it goes same people same asshole You want to run everybody's god damn life. I want to take his fact of the stone age with their god damn bull crap Bible until everybody had a live 56705 Number prime hello Neil yes I got it Okay, you're new phone and call me up in the lemme hear it 5670560 pump I 60 out of 18 T line here's Cooper city hello And you know how you doing okay? I just read on the libertarian website that Wait the time now I got the reason yeah The GOP tried to pass along last year That is a second time offender Now with two ounces of marijuana or more electric year Yes, I'll leave. Uh-huh. Did you know that no unbelievable And I don't believe it it's on there is anybody else for the libertarian for the holiday all these just looking too much bad with libertarian Next like the guy that was the hook of the China good that asshole from school magazine which I forgot to name already in a two or two Please don't say Another great philosopher with his say panic for anti religion whatever you're not what don't say I Something oh well I'm with the libertarian's great you might and guess what they put on here again I've been another repeat last time that much I will have flood my do my channel surfing here for the rocks people on here again Larry King oh my god Same old bull crap. He's in fact he's got a written down he's reading his own little prepared speech Is he running for dog catcher this year for anything else? What all they keep sticking to stupid ass on there for? What is big years? What's like double on a bad day? They should have sent him to that price of surgery now that we all that was on 60 minutes last night You see that little kid with a big year yeah, huh? I want to search and got someone to make look to the mirror and he was smiling still or still go see but We have a didn't he still look to bizarre not as good in fact it looks like instead of just flying like double He's gonna take our straight up into the year what does it but he's not 25 past one at five Anybody gonna vote for a 500 times tomorrow? Dennis That's what we got to do to get old buddy and he's my buddy He's an old Yahoo. He's like and and he Griffith is doing the spustered democratic candidates because he's a 300 All right Andy Oh, like those awful shows he was on Have you tried the new grilled Q8 help? I Really I really can't go I One 32 at five 60 WCM. We got to hang over coming up from Shola State to a two Bullshombie sister-class and I briefly because then we got the big panter games. Oh Several contact to pre-gaming in 730 panters at the islanders on the pond there and long I don't know there be anybody there. Oh, be any way listening. No, it's gonna be big Maybe tonight we'll find out what we really got out there. Maybe tree Murray got a lot of me We were the weekend we have an open line in Broward to Comforo Beach, hello Comforo Beach Yeah, hi, yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, but I was trying I'm a trend for the New York abounding in top Florida I just like to tell you I think you're not only very entertaining the girls are you know In Florida But someone who doesn't protect to be a sports journalist, you know more than anybody down here That's for sure. Yes, I do but my question We're talking about sports is very boring. So especially down here at fondris and they do it 20 hours the rest of the day And I will not do it here. Yeah, well, that's not what I'm calling about that guy My question is you if you were to have your choice as to be who would be our next president Today Meaning what oh who should be our next president? I mean I have no idea don't know what the person's name is because I don't see anybody gonna arise and qualify to be president Okay, I don't have much faith in anybody on the horizon either and just want to let you go with a pleasure speaking with you And I would like to know about it. And I wish I could say the same. Okay, we have two upper lines a day to hunt anybody got an idea for that president No, how about a virtual? Huh, that's wrong with that he gives out the money he's right in check. Oh, over the plane Yeah, that's right. He's a classy guy. Remember that night said Hank had him on here. That was pretty Yeah, yeah He's all of the counter that night. That was fun. Yeah, here's an avansure. Hello Neil God yes, sir. All right, just letting you know I'm out in front of borders and Evan Turret Lot both feet Eve. Thank you God bless you and just wanted to call one thing I've always wanted to bring you to your attention that you'd ever notice how in the TV commercials for children in an asshole that all the warming majority of those countries that need Comments poverty are cat like well of course they're kind of because if we produce it like rabbits that's the way the Pope wants it But you think if they're a cat like that they'll be some help No Have a nice day. Thank you so much. Thanks for your help well. Those are good. I'm mad. I just donated 40 bucks to send a one person up in CD That's more than our entire sales the burn for together. Is it not? And our man has been Ampfield department put together all right and everybody else on a separate set bluff and everybody you put together All right, and you know something I don't want it If they were to come to me right now just like Wayne said if they were to come to me right now and all from me A check from the management or the sales department. I will not take that check for send a one or for anybody off. I'll take my bonus check Not sure if they will do it without them because basically we've done this whole thing without very much assistance from this station anyway So we'll just do it without them. I don't want their guide there, Mike Because if you've got to embarrass somebody you do. I guess that's just I don't believe in that I mean I've been mentioning it as we go along because I assume that you know eventually somebody get around with it It just doesn't happen It doesn't happen And there are people who travel back and forth between the two buildings every day So it's not like it's somebody over there wanted to write a check it wouldn't get back to us here. Is it? No, I don't think so So fine No wait for said. I'll want it We'll get somebody We'll listen on the internet all over wherever they are and Let's remember whatever we do we do the best you can Because it's obvious now that we work for a USA It just doesn't care. They just don't give a crap Are you told me that a long time ago, but I find it very hard to believe The only one to use people to make them money and it doesn't work because did anybody ever hear this station to ensure me stuff before? No, did anybody else involved on this station would do like a fundraiser for a no This is the goddamn sports station. We don't worry about stuff like that I raise the money for charities and good causes for if they talk and repeat in the same crap over and over We're getting 50 million times about the pancake glut and a pancake make up and 10 blocks and every other guy there But you will crack Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah Dad, so don't give a crap about football number one Good, I got a couple of people. I just came back 17 days in Europe. Yeah, I took your advice and I took the city first Blue the and my wife and the real leader kind of won't be person. She looked at me and she goes what are we doing here? There you go, and I was asked myself I made it it's on break them all week. I'm gonna have to check out that city bird. I keep hearing about it. Good things about that You won't because I just had a great time that it came back here, which Come here's wine Open line and grow it to a date five six seven oh five so 22 till 500 in date open again now Well, this is brutal. This is really And of course I know that they're not gonna have anything to say about that bonus check today So that's that means you'll get George tomorrow Then Thursdays by birthday and after that I'm going on vacation so all I can say is Right now I got something to look forward to but he getting depressed about I was feeling really up there the first 45 minutes is morning then of course all of a sudden the phone to me in the face Thanks, honey. I'm an activities that's scoring it down But I'm gonna tell you there are a lot of boring games out there already this season See how hurry young and there've been a lot of coma inducing games But you know let me tell you something when you got teams playing in a greens row and front of 1500 people and in Tampa in front of five 1000 people and a new jersey in front of six thousand big When you got all this expansion boy, you still got more teams coming in Columbus and land on Minneapolis which you've already failed That post gonna happen This is what expansion does for sport it won't it ruins it? I mean I appreciate good defensive sport but there's difference between two defense and in that ball Get a jump well you get a chance to watch We have an open line of drought and all three in date five together. They happy birthday Something somebody that cares somebody who's alive somebody out there that's got the cohons that got the Brett to go to the phone and pick it up Do any such person out there? No five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th you wireless line Pepper time, hello Oh, you know, maybe no, yeah, yeah, we don't have that problem. We don't have to worry about having good goals any No, we don't I am part of an organization and what I don't like is why did some of these people the upper groups of an organization They never contact you decide to send you a letter. I'm talking about the Florida Association of Real Pants They decide to tell us who was supposed to vote for I think that is well we recommend Not the faster jet foot and tell me recommend the day All right, basically did I start to back a 10-page fact that I kept resetting it through You're a bolder people that How you say you ever been a dog? But he doesn't he does a lot about their shady real estate wheels. So that kind of goes right in doesn't that? But I just say just older I mean, I'm just saying is a group they wasted all this money on our postage Yeah, yeah, yeah, and it's just like and it was in a lot of people just to down a pick And who now is this guy? You see a lot on postage. You know what you're talking about because everybody in Florida is in a real estate business Everybody in this state is a realtor said me Yeah, that would be safe check your drivers license and you're real thing right that's right. Okay good light pal before you go Come with a stick at the end. Yes, I mean Johnson Okay, thank you Okay, we have an open line in Broward to a date five six seven five Compied six to the 18 people were a fine If I'm not gonna talk about anymore, but I just want to say this if I hear one person on this radio station or anywhere out there in a general public Trying to defend saying it was a gutsy call by Jimmy to go fourth and an inch on your own 30 six Your your life early in the game and he got all the momentum going I'm gonna I'm gonna call up myself and arrange for a lobotomy for that person A lobotomy. You know how you do lobotomy? Things are right out immediately. No problem Here's somebody hello I think it was a guy to call what you're about to make you You say a mobile in bulk here. Hello. No. Yes, sir. What was your happy birthday number one? Thank you The fans are keep talking about the same thing and you keep playing a thing stuff Some bites Me any one you know why you know your material you know Well, yeah, we need to this guy every day now. What do you need no material? Let's let he's monitoring again today We got no material every day. Both of Ryan just friends 400 new bits just to keep you on entertained. Okay, sir So they you didn't you your monitor ring You jackass you idiot go back to the York okay like I said burn it yet You've got a spare for you him and Charlton has been filming each other subway Open line a day one and Howard five here's a lady in Miami maybe Hello, yeah, yes, happy birthday. Thank you I listen to you all the time yeah And to me you're very very funny Yeah, you're very and I've always liked you show yeah, and I forgot about your birthday usually I remember your Scorpio Uh-huh Happy happy birthday thank you so much and have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye Okay, we have Club minutes before two at five sixty. Maybe you know what is play toy was don't you vacuum And I was a bus Where did you find hey go over my spirit you got it Fortory you'll five six Out Mark the down if Robert County changed their mind beside anyone to build this facility I will not play it. Oh right. I will not have you guys Looking at me for the next 10 years and who's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something Oh He has a golden spoon he was born with up his ass So look out on you do Oh Lot's heavy a lot four years boys and girls I'll tell you this put a course ever a little kid get to go to camp They'll be dressed in the same it'll be great Here's a mobile info louder Dale hello Hey, you know, yes, sir. Hey happy birthday for the call. Thank you so much. Yeah, I want to tell you After listening you showed a lot of couple days you were right on fire as far as the way this arena is run You know, I've listened I even called them up and complained about service I wanted to share with them. I have no idea what they're gonna get a fix the parking no idea what they're gonna leave it Can fix the contest So the bathroom. She's playing like that. Thank you. I don't think I've never thought about that. I promise Yeah, it looks like all the sudden in a arena just kind of popped up and said hey, what's full the road system for? Right, that's right away. Let's go ahead and put confession people in place since they started the season already Yeah, I got paid absolutely horrendous And they don't like that they don't have to get an hour and a half before game time But if you go to the concession standard have dinner there before you enjoy the game all the Not a bad no matter what you want it's not ready yet. Are you crazy? Yeah, if you go to the concession standard now and a half at least you can make the second period Right there you go. They have a good bet. Okay, pal. I'll see you there when did I Black hog there should be easy picking that we snack the stuff and out of them Friday that Chicago anybody believe we're gonna do it again Oh come on Mobile and Helen Dale hello Oh, yes, sir The Helen Dale Beats rich trying to head on day one day. Oh Yeah, I get that a lot of their real fact if our were you well it's the bridges only two lanes It's okay, you're aging by the second How about a second I didn't get a chance to shake your hand though. I think the last ones they night You were coming up the elevator with the friend of yours I just happened to be checking out the place Can't just save him and it was a thrill right? There was a throw up your reenercing me Oh, okay, I love you reener. I understand what you're talking about We were the guys just all the listeners of the naked eye it looks spectacular I mean you look at that place. It took talos to say you know They just got some things iron up one of what a which would be a have a real team out there would be nice Well, that doesn't even matter to the society itself was like sort of Preciole it looks beautiful yet I Haven't been that like to send you CD there equivalent to the factory boys yeah, thank you John Ross and my son is the saxophone player in the band Okay, that band same as big guy things guy and if you like what you hear They'd love to come and play Georgia give you did rest Hang on No, not for them to come and play just for the CD here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Yeah, I want demand to stick to Neil Rogers or habitual soundwriter fender yeah, yeah, speaking All right, yeah, you do it. Okay, now now I'll get to know I'm gonna get a bicycle and start driving around and put it all day I would like to detail that's what I'm gonna do that's what kind of a criminal I am I'm asking I want to get this thing before I'm hoping you to fall this guy was never elected even dog Can't you correct? Yeah What a country man, I'm asking about the asking these ballots I have to go up to a Atlanta tomorrow Can I put it after you bounce when I come back on when's it or not? I went there put about 50,000 in a guy and have each of each one of your 400 friends put in about 50,000 That might tighten it up a little bit like they didn't Miami In fact, we'll let you know how many you have to put in one thing morning Here's a mobile and four buyers hello Anyhow you doing okay, sir? Happy birthday for a mile. Thank you. So I'll call from four buyers before the bitter end that I Been up picture of a day today man My first time to game my one day there again through red wings. Oh sorry and yeah My family fans got there at the second the first finish in the game was already over It was a month But we've got a little while he talking to you and start up here And the next week or so our team is gonna be done We've got his thought out because he I said it one thing those managers are said that what I fire see they had 21 hundred for their third get home game in the season Well, I like post you bigger than the fans I feel sorry for what's the guy's name most spider whatever the guy's name I feel sorry for them because they're trying to work for most something in a place that just don't cut it Good To mess over there they're kicking ass in four miles You team and they're actually putting some people in there Well, well almost out of time here today. What can I say if we had any any response on the Problem here with the bonus check? No any response from inside no outside no legal people no illegal people no Okay, just check it on I realize it's not important and I've only had one situation I've been here in over ten months so I guess so you know why don't I maybe a little birthday party over mommy's house tomorrow Turning about 11 o'clock in the morning What are you what are you smiling about I mean not even the half a response not even for there to be a reply It's like don't you understand you'll get it when we're good and ready maybe Wednesday maybe after you go on They get for us whenever we get around with See I play that game before remember the last time right With the sick life on the plane with some half and what they had to do with them writing a check-in for buyers I have no idea anywhere Naples where they're gonna lay up put their heads in with them writing a check-in sending it over here since they sign it I just want to make sure that your notes and stuff on vacation if you need to have a you know Friedman or creeper standard. That's not just go on vacation or that He's this guy is on permanent vacation even Steve Tyler was ever on permanent vacation like this guy It is absolutely