2AL This is New Dealers by the way after somebody Crook's Denigne and Be Outed, that's the new deal Montgomery Clif book out about him he was a fag Let's see who else Barbara Jordan we already knew that he was a dyke Anthony Perkins dead he was a fag Barbara Stanberg she was a dyke The wrong power he was a fag Barbara Stanberg second husband Robert Taylor Amber Robert Taylor you remember that he was like an Ivan Horst stuff like that He was a fag And what would men we already knew that that's old news So at any rate how long before the righty McDonald book comes out Huh? Gene Autry and righty McDonald in the same weekend Wow pretty heavy duty heavy duty stuff So anyway I don't want to talk football because I don't talk football in the show But I do want to say this I get in the car I was so most of the dolphin game yesterday Boy talk about us news inducing event Good God And that asshole like called on Friday was give me a song to dance about how there's more physical Football is more physical and hockey Those two or three assholes include him in the New York Slob who yeah you're a schmuck You know I'm watching that stuff yesterday and you're screaming at the set Let's play already and they stand around in a referee and all before he blows it He's a dick at around in the screw and around blow the whistle Get in the guy damn huddle call a play get up to the line of scribbage and let's play some football already Let's have some action Oh no they're dittlet around it dittlet around it dittlet around Jesus Joseph and Sarah But at any rate so I see that embarrassing a humiliating performance One of the worst I have ever seen in my life by a dolphin team I mean unquestionably by any standard I get in the car to go to the store and I'm listening to these idiots calling up Kimba Boa camper and they're whining about the officiating and about this and about that you know something I'm going to tell you something It's a lost cause so long and maybe it's in every town But in this town trying to talk to I mean these dolphins if there are really such people If they really understand the sport that was a pathetic performance yesterday by the team by the coaching staff Good, golly all the blind men could have done a better job coaching the team yesterday Did this guy? I heard that jet fan called a worst team. I'm coming to work this morning Got a great chuck a lot of that have a couple more donuts you may go What do you call him a bowling bowl with arms something like that? Oh, I loved it. I mean just pathetic. Okay, so it is only one game. I grant you that but why can't you be honest? Why is it the so called fans in a town always have to have an excuse? They have to blue sky. They have to do all the stuff to blue crap I don't know maybe because they just don't know what they're talking about that could be it couldn't that be it Oh, my just be so the house judiciary hearings are going on right now. The house judiciary committees having their hands There's built McCollum from Florida. Oh, geez. God pot him up for about one second Or that's a more sure too much Yeah, about half a word too much in there better watch it mister So we had our big appearance at the agalaria is a girl going to call us this morning some time Or we're going to because this thing is starting a very disorganized and slowly if you know what I mean our center one campaign this year Which t-shirt Tom over capture glory made some great t-shirts the best everybody with us here They're black and they have under front the cover of one of our CDs and on the back they got the cover of the other CD In full color and multicolor and really sharp. I mean these are great. What do we sell six of these on a Saturday maybe seven maybe seven You know tomorrow night at the pizza lot that thing is going to determine for us. I realized that the I got to tell you the gallery was very nice to us So I mean the borders people over by the gallery But that particular location and you know we had four people drive over all the way from Fort Myers on Saturday All the way from Fort Myers They drove over to come and pick up the best of CDs and say hi to me and get one of those stupid picture cards with a lot of graph and by whatever else they did and make their donations to center one Poor people all the way from Fort Myers in the local area dating Broward not too much Maybe they couldn't find it. Maybe they were like fat Joe from a whammy maybe they're over to plantation borders looking around But if you live out in West Broward or anywhere west of anywhere it's so awfully tough to get over there because somebody's Boulevard is a nightmare Jesus, what are they going to get that done sometime in our lifetime? Oh man From where I live out there in plantation took me 45 freaking minutes to get there because of the construction because you nerds up there on a weekend can't drive a lick you couldn't drive it if you're like dependent on it So it was a pretty Paul tree turnout did we get a number did Carol just call you or what and the number is yes We'll note in an hour about what they did downstairs but 1,110 upstairs. Oh, we already knew that Or that that's on old merchandise and the t-shirt said has nothing to do with the new CDs and stuff But why thought we're what about the total for all the stores are we going to begin that every Monday? Is this going to be kind of a half as the operation this year because that's the feeling I get what half as operation I mean what kind of a deal is that How do we have any idea of how much progress we're making how much we have to prod the natives out there What do we have to do with this thing to raise any money you can't do that just sitting back and waiting for a number to fall out of the sky Like the duck on the groucho mark show fall and down with that The stormy first it off sign on its ass on its beak So I don't know maybe you know and of course I had forgotten two years ago When we did the one borders all carried the stuff and stock it all of their stores our live appearances actually It were of diminishing importance because I mean who the hell needs to see me and George in us assholes you know When you can go into borders any day of the week at your convenience and pick up the best of CDs and cassettes and what have you That's a point they had the drop to automatically I remember the old days when we started doing this and we go to whatever store might have been and we do $7.89,000 on a Saturday was great But in the meantime if you didn't chew up on that day those really opportunities and we raised only your fraction of those days for charity What we are right now we hope So while the border stores in Dayton Broward have got our best of CDs for 97 and 98 they're great if we say so ourselves And if you want those or the attesures which are sensational which I sure be proud to wear if I could sew two of them together Huh, it will be at the appease a lot six day to clock tomorrow night 35 14 South University drive you don't even have to buy a buy a meal I have to buy anything All you gotta do is be alive because they set up the table out in front there and if you just want to well, you know make your donation and get the merchandise You don't even have to come in and see us because then Jeff will try to you know stir you over to table and make you sit down and buy dinner If you do that we hope you will do that but nevertheless it's your choice And I do want to say this the guy with the eye showed up there and Saturday he was on his best behavior I was gone can he said that from you from your own kipper. He had torn for his sins And no he did say that no he's taken a turn for the best He was on his very good behavior and he was okay and Gilbert was there and he was saying I take me after the end is usual as only Gilbert could do acting like a real jerk And fat show our camera guy from whammy cuz Ron was there from our whammy crew and our go waiting dying days on a whammy show In fact, Joe while we were waiting and waiting if they could boy now the Gilbert's put on this incredible act wouldn't be great to have a fact Joe here with that camera Put this on the TV show so we can sprite suppose to suppose it up a little bit Well, fat Joe was over at the borders in plantation is where he was And by the time he got around to figuring out what they it was and calling it one 15 by the time he would have gotten from there to where we were we'd all been leaving anyway, so we didn't get any of that So like I said in starting tonight by the way, they show on whammy on channel 69 is a 10 30 only but it will be from today It'll actually be like on the same day that you you know that you heard the radio shows that gonna make a difference oh first not But I'm just telling you that just in case case you want to see these beautiful t-shirts from Tom over captured glory the New Rogers T-shirts which I know most of you are to here's you know two uptight to walk out in public and where That you can just walk around in the house Wham around the house and then have like a little bell on it so that if you're gonna go outside the belva or better take this off before I go outside It's 1009 at 560 wq8 I will not give it to you So the house judiciary committee hearings are going on right now. I'm sure that many people are sitting there just glued to their sets watching this crap What you're here's that representative George geek took a pencil by the killer Who's a pontificating you know John Coniors for president. That's what I say There's a guy who's brilliant he's a genius too smart for most of you folks But at any rate, it's interesting how the media continues playing this crap. This is one of the saddest chapters in the history of the human race and especially of this country A country that's like a very very fond of a petting itself on a back and running around and talking about how great we are and how much better we are in everybody else And yati yati yati in the set of the fact that we have a crappy education system and most of our people are functionally illiterate and our health or care system sucks to be side Though don't confuse us with the facts and at the time when the world markets are going in a crapper and they're killing each other when you're slavia and all over the goddamn world and satama's just a few months away from make a nuclear weapons. We're right doing this And the world will live hopefully to one day just absolutely universally condemn this country for the procedure that's going on right now And to show you the way they fair-minded way the media are conducting this so-called public investigation buried on page nine a in the Sun not on the front page But buried on page nine a in the Sun sent alas morning grand jurors curious about trips notice And it goes on to talk about how the grand jury grilled this bitch and found out that over a year before all of this star gotten involved in this so-called monica gate investigation She was opening up a loose lip And talking about all this stuff with the attorneys for a follow-johns and the Kenster also was involved at that time and it says if trip as she may taint nearly wanted the tapes to protect her against the purgory charge If she were ever forced to testify in the Jones case about the win ski and was not interested in the book deal What was so thrilling about these passages that you're wondering that she was talking with the Lucian Goldberg about for example the two occasionally wise cracking excitedly discussed revelations from the win ski about Clinton's penis size How do you like that? So evidently just like Rick weaver was say he might have been penis eyes. Oh, we don't have that in here, damn it. Well, that have been great if we would have had that but we know crap So there you go. That's on page nine a by the way if anybody out there wants to read this you have to have to dig way into the front sections and maybe your back sections and newspapers dig into the articles about what's really going on here Because unfortunately the media for whatever reason they're like go well, and because they make it a lot of money off of all is one of the reasons for fun and profit and That's the new natural disgrace Okay, on a much brighter side Am I gonna give away my tickets to the panther retemp of a opening game this Friday at the beautiful macaroon along with that club parking pass? No, yes, I am. I guess it I got him right here. I'm not gonna be here. I don't want to empty seats in section 101 there and you probe bastards that sit like a regular seats inside not on the ends on the aisles Yeah, your seats are a little bit narrower in the new arena. You don't want to bad because I'm on the aisle Nan, nan, nan, nan, there you go I'm on the aisle so I can kind of like spread out a little bit with my big fat ass and my legs over to the other. I don't have to worry about like being pinched in real tight And those little narrow seats because we need to make the extra money so what we'll do today is that we'll take names Any the colors between now and like 145 And then these are definitely for pickup by the way. I'm not taking a chance and you mailing these out because it's already Monday and the game is Friday night So they'll have to pick these up along with a parking pass for Friday Anybody who would like to be right just to take your name and address will do a drawing at about 145 for the a panther tickets my own in my own goddamn seats You'll be able to stick your ass this Friday night panthers in Tampa Bay not the world's greatest opponent, but nevertheless that's what we got Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello Hi, I was wondering when the NHL waiver dropped in the NHL waiver draft is today. Yes, what time? What time is it? I don't have any idea. Well, if you have any idea of who's going to pick up on the panthers? No, I don't. I know who they're going to get rid of hopefully And that's Kirk Muller and the Jeff Norton and Terry Carcner hopefully All right, how about the tickets for Friday night? If you were already on a whole sweetheart No chance. I would be I might as well go to register. She was already on hold. She didn't call to talk about the panthers. She was already just interested in suckin I'll put anybody else on the list of the tickets. Okay for the drawing but not her because she was already on there. She called me for the show even started Under the pretense I have a conversation with me see this is the way I play the game if you want to play games with me like Michael said in Godfather There are three lot of play games with us will play with you but I'll be fightable. Would you ever Godfather that was in which one was it? There's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I know you don't like to talk about football But since you started it, I just absolutely I'm a true dolphin fan. How can you talk about football on the town where nobody knows anything about it? Oh, absolutely but they were pitiful Just the got that game was disgusting the coaching the playing everything same old Kevin if you take the one touchdown drive Lating the game if you take those statistics out of the game the numbers are so embarrassing that little league teams that little let Middle school for both teams would be embarrassed to go through Man every time they stick to no doubt It's okay. I always got to get serious days. It's okay. We got our butt kicked and that's that why can't they just say they don't that's right But I wanted to make it down there to see a quarter but I had too many things to do around my house I'll tell you that I'm sad or they was bitterly disappointing sir compared to the other day's very weak very weak I should have been there. You should have been there But everybody else has got something more important. I'm old hat. I'm old news Okay, everybody else has got something more important if we'll see a pizza love tomorrow night Whether we have all our friends show up or if it's gonna be another one of those deals We sit around or eat in our pasta bars also in a corner. We'll see Yeah, I might be able to make when is that when you're gonna be a pizza love tomorrow night six to eight PM I think to eight All right, that's some good. I'm gonna live right down the street well for crying out loud I should I should make it over there you should but you will do I can tell by the sound in your voice you won't No, I have to come by myself my wife doesn't like it. Why not what's her problem? She doesn't have a problem. She doesn't listen. She doesn't understand she doesn't understand she doesn't understand In other words, she's a stupid bitch. No, she's don't say that I wouldn't say that Well, while house smart you have to be to understand this show. Do you have to be a rocket sign up to get it school? She's at school a lot of times go on your show. She's at school taking a lot life life 101 No, computers Wow Oh Okay, I'll see you tonight pal Hey, could I talk around put me on that list? Okay, hold on sure Okay, we got two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the immobile one line Yeah, the women just take you don't you understand. Oh, I really don't somebody don't have to draw me a diagram I've been asking for six hundred years. What is that all about? But that's okay It's okay. Hey, the way be my guest be a bitter enough not just don't collect your suit's over state of balding Barbie You see this story a Barbie doll is at the center of a lawsuit in which a Canadian collector claims that a very 1960s version She bought over the internet had a severe case of clombedoom Maybe it was a Wayne high ping-a Barbie doll Janice Amons and a Barbie collector bought it all in March and a Maryland woman for $1800 When she opened the box she found the dolls here had gotten brittle and was falling out Said Joseph Hubrimil her attorney it was not in the near mint condition She was led to believe seller Lori Maddock said it then's in tried to die the hair She said I'm dying over here. It was in perfect condition when I'm able to do it I have pictures to prove it Maddock said and then since that Maddock's posted an internet message claiming that Amons and spoiled it all for lawsuit six two hundred thousand dollars for breach of contract and Deformation I bet you they wind up on the a pupil's court or on judge crotch or any one of those five thousand judge Judy the hanging bitch Isn't this what I've told you about television all along by the way for many many years You get one cowboy show. It's hit now you got five hundred cowboys shows he had one quishos a big hit now We got 500 quishos he had one detective one cop show now there 2000 cop shows and then a suit you know nobody wanted to go in there and take on wapner Which by the way they had a mistake it was it in the hill to the Sun sent a layer today they had a picture of Ed Crotch and it's a wapner under it ice gone Sun Sentinel you idiot But nobody else wanted to take on Judy we got we got 75,000 judge hanging judges on here on TV now because that's what TV's all about is sameness same And I got a story for you. Thanks very much to our pizot who came by Saturday One of my lots of it will warn me about this story and I dug this on Sentinel Saturday Sun Sentinel out of the trash bin Cuz I never read the world section. I mean it's about the world. You know what we got so many exciting things going on here A cardinal's be out of vacation draws fire and it's about that you know and and verify What I always said the Vatican never met a Nazi day didn't lie So I'll go into that story later. Also when yesterday Sun Sentinel which I'm surprised you people are so slow And the radio and TV and the TV book. There's my pussy. You see this here Tom jica you know what this is amazing. I mean we must have some people out there with bald ice Well it was bald iceite because if you look at a time you'll have bald ice. I mean Tom is a good guy But he's And have any hair. I mean I have a lease and hair in the front some in the back some in the front nonon top none in between But at least it appears from the front that I might have some hair Tom has like six hairs that are combed across his head So somebody writes did you know that if you draw glasses on your photo in the paper You're a dead-ringer for neo-rodgers. Are you two brothers? Good acts from T.R. and Cole Gables Answer from Tom instead of drawing glasses on my picture you ought to have yourself fitted for a pair There's absolutely no resemblance or familiar relationship between neo-imese as Tom jica I'd be like that and but at least they got my picture in here in the Sun Sentinel ice god time Thank God for you keep by a pussy live. I need it man these days. I need it bad Can't raise any money percent of one we had a horrendous turn out there on Saturday We just finished up a week here on issue that I wouldn't wish on it all Hitler We're doing a drawing for my Panther tickets and we still have one open line in date We still got one line that's not lit up there in date and we're taking names and numbers Absolutely unbelievable that's the way things of degenerated here on this radio station They're bunch of degenerates 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one I don't let me forget to read that story about the Pope and it's a Nazi asshole That they they've got made him into where they're making him into way or saying That's right they're making him into a big Santa course. He never met a Nazi didn't like so kind of tip ties with him don't it? Here's Tamara. Hello Hey, yeah, you're okay, sir. I didn't know Tom jica with your brother. He's my kissing cousin now Well, your mom must be proud. She's got one on the right Yeah, she's got one on TV and one on radio right So mommy must be proud. I wasn't gonna be news people. Yeah. I was gonna call you about that article I'm sad about the Pope and the gentleman that died and he's kneeling down on the The footsteps of the two meals he's kneeling on it. Yeah, he's an elite oh boy. I'm telling you something else And this time is going crazy. You see no jet fans are calling today, huh? Meaning what I'm a Yankee fan. Sorry. We do know something if the jet fans did call all those portios on a station They deserve to why they'll not that's right as much as I can't stand some of them But nevertheless they ought to be rubbing it in the dolphin stuck to Jordan out yesterday and when you talk a big game when you talk a lot of trash Like a lot of the dolphin fans were talking last week and they're gonna go up there again and kick their ass like they usually do up there in a metal land and they go up there and put on a performance Like we saw yesterday that was But it would be a compliment I didn't hear the boys just wanting to play JETS So stuff just wanting to right they did they will kind of quite know it would have a very subdued you I wonder why you know I want to know I don't listen that show. I want to know one thing. I want to win Joe Rose is finally gonna beat the crap out of guilty No, he's gonna bring in his brother a lot of do it All right sir, I get how see you on Tuesday. Okay. I could make it to the gala rear. I'll see you tomorrow night All right, okay, I'm the lift. Okay, all right I almost hung up on him. I want to listen to I guess they all want to be on the list Maybe if you don't want to be on the list you should tell us okay because for me that would be getting a little bit curated away a little bit uppity don't you think All the downs down 86 the mass that is down 51 It's gonna be a real mean nasty day there and they're worried about penis gaze Here's the president had sex and lied about it to try to cover up any illicit affair with some bingo Who goes on a great length of a in fact the worth that here it is Sex shrink files on monica. I got so much stuff today. May not even have time to talk to these idiots That's right long before she set her sights on Clinton monica LaWinsky turned a doctor Irene Kassola in a bit to tame her passion for older Mary's men and she goes on a great length about how she can't help herself and she pursues them and stalks them and haunts them etc and so on Poor old monica that we have to feel so sorry for with that the bad dry cleaning bill With no dry cleaning bill That's The Rogers God when I was a young man Women weren't allowed to show any skin at all in fact they weren't Talked to be quite trampy indeed if they showed a man even in each of their neckline Wow, thank goodness we're finished with that crap and now for men like me Who have missed out on all those years of for hearing we've got the flesh for all these Network hey grand touch and ever seen a woman's you this before oh my god Where's my biography? This course too high on my stroke ability skill to pass off it's that not work you've been waiting your whole life for young Babes showing off all their goods to you they're here to for the pride of the women of America Welcome to talk dirty TV with Holly my elder brother love a boy How'd you like to risk your tired overhead on this pair of knockers? But I'm so pleased Well, sir, are you there? What? Holy snack work will not your socks off or stop your heart either way. It's money well Friend call your local cable company today 32 at five 60 to two Emily have two open lines in five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 Unimobile one line judge tells team thief to four go sex for two and a half years This is one of the great stories that ever written my life Cambridge Illinois a Judge told a teenager who pleaded guilty to stealing handguns that he must remain Sully for two and a half years unless he gets married Okay, pleaded guilty to stealing handguns and the judge is giving him sex not advice but orders Brandon Steven 17 was sentenced to 30 months probation a 180 days in jail in a $2,000 Fine Henry County judge Clark Barnes said Stevens will not have to serve jail time if he completes treatment of a halfway house and meets conditions that include the syllabus he rule Prosecutor Ted Hamer said the requirement was based on the judges learning in court that Stevens was sexually active and not because of any Sex really related charges the ACLU said Steven sex life is none of the judges business. How do you like that? What they said you got that business you will pervert The sex police are alive in while America. It's not just a president baby, but even everybody else We got judges telling you where to stick in when you can do it and don't do it Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Okay, sir. I'm gonna yell about had it I'm canceling my Miami arrow subscription I mean Sunday's article by Dan Lepaster has there's been I mean that was the last draw He had 20 questions with Bobby Bowden. Yeah, I didn't read it. Well, who now cares about Bobby Bob. I mean, but the guy didn't even ask for questions. Yeah. He asked him what what do you think about Clinton? Well, you ought to put y'all to quit reading that column. It's really weak. We have an open line in date one in Broward 567560 560 on a mobile one line See when a guy comes out of start screaming at lot about something is insignificant as Dan Lepaster Then you know he's got no material here's a mobile in candle. Hello Yeah, sir. I was taking a little trip up to New York this weekend and I an interesting perspective on the Marlins or deal with the fans up there The real baseball fans They uh I told him off this off, you know the fans are soft part of how they bite and stick it in the They show off and just sorry you want to feel Well, we do think it once that further they think the Marlins is going to try to get the baseball because they think that Marlins set a precedent that other teams the future may follow and it's going to further ruin the game of baseball What do you think about that? I don't I don't think of the teams are going to follow Yeah, but the teams that have already done it like the pirates Wow, they are getting what? What? Go ahead. Now people aren't going to do something because Wayne did it they're going to see the whole thing It's not just the Marlins the whole thing has to do with professional sports I just watched this series on CDC about the National hockey league and the agents and the players and all agreed that's going on and the fact that a lot of these small markets teams like Edmonton uh Winnipeg already went out Quebec already went out and then you just can't make it It's been the fans out there continue supporting the idea that these guys are worth eight and ten and 12 and 15 and $20 million a year for the hell is the money going to come from and then the fans turn around start pitching Well, gee, we don't want to spend 80 hundred bucks to go to see a game. Well, who the hell do think is going to pay for the salaries? True. True. I just uh I think uh with the Marlins this year was a big uh Well, there's no question about over on over on the world of the Call of Duty was one of the most road test thing it's ever been done, but you know why he was able to do it here Because nobody cares because they let him do it. There was there was no uprising in his house and it was something They still average about 20,000 people again even with this kind of crap that he put out there in a field They still average 20,000 people again because the people are too stupid to make any kind of a statement Only am I gonna maybe I'll listen. I want to get on the uh this okay. I'm okay Okay, he's on the word of hell. He is he's on hold. I mean there's no point. I mean that's still a quite over yesterday's match Potatoes nobody cared about it several months ago. Nobody cares about it now He did it because he was able to do it. He knows where the hell he is And just like the New Arena like our mac Arena. I mean, you know, I'm a hope hoping for the best And we'll see what happens in that waiver draft today this afternoon if they actually do pick up some tell You know one of the things that the Panther organization kept screaming was gonna happen after last year all of a god I would prove our goal 10. It's got to be better. Well, do they improve the goal 10? No first time You mean to tell me that Sean Burke and Captain jerk Kirk Kirk McLean that they're better than the bezer and either of a Mark of its Patrick or weeks that we had at the time Whoever the hell was here with a bezer or they better. No, first not they didn't do that They got some good young kids out there, but we've been here in that for years You know what you're good young kids do in In exhibition games and what they do under the pressure of a real game that remains to be seen right Joe Thornton there you go So that's a good promise again, but he just keeps doing this because the people keep packing a place We got over 16,000 season tickets because he's excited of the new arena that we built for him So he just keeps squeezing every dime off that he can because they were the suckers that keeps subsidizing We have two open lines and date one in Broward 567. 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, now. How are you? Okay, sir? You know the way you defend a court and have you been on your knees in the old world? Oh, please blow it out your ass. Okay, the way I defend Clinton and 70% of the American public That's right and all I guess all the Americans that defend Clinton must be on their knees That must be what it's all about. No the fact is sure that most guys like it in head. Okay, most guys Like it and they're rock saw Including most of the president to proceed at him and if that's the most important thing that you can worry about If that's the greatest indictment condemnation you can make him then he must be doing a pretty good Good job We have an open line from the best of Neil part one and two this year and of course this cut is not on there because it doesn't belong to us It's a Bob and Tom So what's the one that everybody picks out and even the people that we had show up on Saturday at the board our borders? Oh, you mean prison but you're not here. So no, oh, gee It doesn't belong to us. Plus you've already heard it 50 billion 275 million 600 and 12,000 and four times five now But hey, that's our crowd Six shrinks files on Monica Monica Lewinsky secret sex files reveal a vulnerable young woman addicted to over married men This is from the one source of news that never lets us down the star the greatest tabloid the greatest publication Far way and above better than time and newsweek and the Washington post and New York times, et cetera Star has learned that Monica confided in her longtime therapist L.A. psychologist of the stars Dr. Irene cassora that there's hardly a guy I can't get when I put my mind to it including the president I'm always attracted to the older married ones you reveal the courting the sources for midyear with her confidential therapy dossier dossier file folder I like to power I have over them once I've got them hooked. She said eventually they become addicted to me and I'm addicted to them Lot of addicted going on Monica's been undergoing intense therapy for six years to help her be to obsession How come we're not hearing about this on the nation lightly knows From the time she left high school in 1992 right through her 18 must affair with president Clinton She was receiving help from cassora initially in person then by phone Most of my therapies concentrated on stopping me from being a sexual predator Predator who goes after older vulnerable married men guys who are flattered by my attention Me field Monica 25 young guys just don't turn me on she can find a doctor cassora who was given permission Violo when ski to break her plant therapist privilege I find young guys stupid she said all hands and nasty I can't stand them all hands Wait until you hear this Monica even admitted that when her lovers found out about her emotional problem and tried to dump her She would threaten to expose them Ha Sources say that cassora an expert on relationships in the author of few best telling books was deeply alarmed when Monica confessed to her affair with president Clinton and one of their phone therapy sessions Monica used the name Henrietta when talking about Clinton on the phone You're heading for disaster this could write both your lives cassora warned her patient You're making the same mistakes you made in the past but Monica refused to heed the warnings and fully expected to be the next Mrs. Clinton I Can do anything with Bill he's put it in my hand she boasted he's sick and tired of Hillary He thinks she's an old lady who wants to have somebody young and oppression his life I could even end up the woman he married when he leaves office. That's how much he thinks of me. She saved When cassora asked Monica whether she was deluding herself a winsky toad her I'll never give him up. I want him more than any other man I've ever met But when Clinton put an end to their flint let we once he was devastated and out for revenge He tried to get rid of me and broke my heart. I warned him that I couldn't live without him she told a friend when Lewinsky was first taken a seek a sore lib by her mom March a Louis the psychologist quickly discovered that Monica exhibited classic symptoms of the stalker All this poor younger or this poor young intern the stalker You know what I'm saying Monica was a girl who fell violently in love with school teachers college professors with the men she Worked for even with their fathers married male friends something her family tried the hot shop says a family friend She told me I can't help myself. I go after them with everything I give them what they want what they don't get from their wives. That's why they love me Inter that's what she was talking about Inter testimony to the grand jury investigating president Clinton the winsky admitted she has a sexual Problem there is work I need to do on myself. She told a jurisprankly just give her a big stogi Give her an in-men so let her go do some work on herself. That's what I say How do you like that? Give her a big fat one baby in a cigar too a stalker Who threatens to expose the older men when they try to break it off in a relationship to nice goings with art Bitch Here's Miami. Hello Hello, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I used to be a huge dog for fun. He used to watch him all the time He didn't take a hold it man these games have been a bit more you can watch Yeah, I mean the boring is a special issue and that's your terminal. I mean there was there was one game Yes, did I'm trying to think of the rainy others? I mean the New Orleans game that's right out to be held of a game Thanks to that bonet play on that punt, but other other than that. I mean the oh god just ponderous I think you have to do always the expansion I mean you're expansion has watered it down and the action is so slow and ponderous and they stand around and you wait Come on. One's a plug. Let's get that arm play later on there. Let's get something go get them up to the line of It's very safe Isn't it the same track though? Huh? Hockey's in the same track. Oh, hello. Well, they expansion thank God it's going off a fox after this year Oh, no, how he's got you're up. No, you can't no sir. How he is got Europe and all of the rest of the world of draw from okay They got Scandinavian they got their Russians. That's why what's saving hockey? Okay, we got all three lines in date open as usual no matter what we're doing or giving away back to no difference in date County 560 560 560 on a mobile one line Here's a lady in summarize. Hello Neil. Yes, man. Hi, first time caller. Uh-huh. I just wanted to tell you that yet some calling for the tickets I'm being honest up front but I also wanted to tell you that all women don't hate you I listen to you every morning Hey, hey poison hate me like poison hate me like poison. I don't hate you all of a sudden out there I apologize, they don't get it. They can't stand it. I'm vulgar. I'm gonna ask about like you're springer with all those Do you leave center? They like that, but they can't stand me now. I like you very much in fact I take you at night for my husband cuz he's on duty so when he comes to me can see you how do you like that? And I talk to that. I have to want to thank you for sticking up for our president Well, what's there to stick up? I mean, this is uh, and I'm a woman's point of view. Thank you. Okay Hold on. Thank you. She knew anything to say about after a suck job like that. Why not? Okay, date County our last call for date County. They were picking up right where we left our last week I thought maybe they'd had the weekend to kind of melaland a little bit maybe get a little good weed there over the weekend Get the fresh supply something same old craft 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line god what a you know something what if I didn't have these tickets today Is that a thought that's too horrible to even conjecture Seriously, that's a thought that even even I don't want to think about the possibility of that Here's a mobile and tamarack hello How you doing Neil okay, sir? Um, couple things yesterday the game was awfully boring. I actually went to public forget third quarter to bite dinner I mean they had no offense none zero zippity doodda they couldn't do anything with that ball and Then late in the game they could get that one lucky drive which happens at almost every game It seemed that has done nothing all game the other team goes in that prevent defense to kind of layback and they went down It's called one touchdown like that's the claim to fame if you take that out of this statistics It was a humiliation and these people don't want to deal with that Well, that was one of my choices it was the referees, you know, and that was one of my points I went to the store Fontaine are came back and I really didn't miss anything Also on Friday didn't get a chance to call in but I went to the third thing I came last week in the new arena right Living camera Let's get ten after seven Got there by the drop of the pop team where the traffic where the construction is Had some real deep in club seats tonight Nighted leathery back. Oh those club seats are great and Just like you had commented on you get up you're right at the back and because the escalator you're right at your state Right not only that There usually when you go to a state and you feel real constricted like you can't move around Well up three rows four rows and you can stand behind your section right in just Mingle what's it again? He's in the it is incredible I don't have season tickets these I got from work, but it really makes you regret that you don't have them It's that blue layout standing and And I think they knew ahead of time how well week the team was gonna be this year So I think there was a method to their madness. They made it a place where you can mingle and go and buy a lot of the expensive over price food And you know just wander around or most of the game because that's what we're gonna be doing Right well, work comes to work and they really have a bad You're this year they can build another one and maybe some better upgrades. There you go Don't worry about it. Let's build another arena. Come We got a lot of land out there. Can I get on the list there hang on? Okay 1055 and 560 WQMLT those day lines are they still dead as a door nail wow And we're giving away meals prestigious seats right there right on not one-on-one right almost at centerwise We're opening night against Tampa Bay and the Panthers and these people still don't care do they no in date county bunch of geeks all of a hockey game they don't care about that okay 567 056 the 60 WQM we got Hank live from Shula stay two from to the six we got the boosters 6 to lay the clock on them Monday and football of Vikings are the Packers eight o'clock tonight Open line and Broward all of day again 567 056 the pound five 60 on the 18t line Here's a Hollywood hello I come back to you over hockey league in 1950 Neil leaky is the politicians but don't they have a response ability to roll with the constituents one It's 74% of the people say let's get this thing open don't we don't they have some oh wait wait Why are you doing that to me? Why are you putting rim around the phone again don't you remember what he did I'm already dying here this morning What do you want? Good morning The waiver draft of just out to exercise in this morning waiver draft at 11 o'clock this morning Yeah, and I think there could be quite a bit of activity You're leaving? Why don't you call back and tell us a min information when we get some info who they got? You wanted to know what time the drug I didn't want to know it all what time it was some Vimbo called up a was sucking around for free tickets I didn't want to know what time the waiver draft was if I get the information you rate Of low my brains out in your again. This is what you get how you get repaid for all those meals of Ruth Chris with another Terminal call one day last week We had about a 15 minute segment where we had a few people talk I mean when we're calls up in the middle of it and it was like somebody dropped an age bomb even the japs never scattered like this audience Then when you call last week, you know what you need oh In the army what you need for shot the arm is a hockey show a preview Hello We need to break cherry on we need to talk about the peppers of the new arena I don't even know this man this crazy crazy crazy crazy man Hey, you want hey, we had a lot of speak that was defend and I'm going on a long diet We had a lot of success on the hockey shows. Do we know we have no we have not that's only the people calling and suck it around for free tickets that Call those shows. They don't know anything about hockey. What are you gonna get with it? Rimmer when you've been awake up and stuff the Why don't you have a team head is a team here? Obviously I was good seeing Billy Lindsay naked there yesterday But I know we had Ray Ointz and they went to watch it on It's a pestle and you do one of those shows in the locker room have Ray take his clothes off. That's what they public wants to see I'm giving you the important stuff I don't care about that. Well, I do I don't know any other family. They want to see all the difference between you and me is I know how to do a guy named show You know how to put the audience into a coma and even if he's people away I can't wait these bastards up. I'm giving away my guy then tickets for Friday I still can't get a call in date counting. How do you like that? I'm not a business over here a hockey show would be the finishing blow the finish You must be waiting in the world to take over this time slot. That was a thing Yeah, that was a dance Go ahead and try Here we are Hand again. How make another deal with you, okay? I go shake his hand. Oh Greg Reed We'll make another deal and put Johnny here for 50 bucks a week Not a question if it's a matter of question of when this calls go to end right call me back when we get some information And tell them to get a gold tender please Get out of here Who One thing we can say about those hockey shows with rimmer they start We have two open lines in date, but is there any what is this story to last two or three weeks? I mean we were having a problem there for about what the last nine months in subit on this station But now the last couple weeks date county is like totally it's like they're in war with us now In kennel and Miami and coconut grove and uh where it was south Miami all over date county They're in war with this show They got nothing to say about anything they don't want no tickets they don't care about Monica They don't care about the guy damn Pope. They don't care about the dolphins. They don't care about anything 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line This is unbelievable the like I said a little wolligle if I didn't want you in my tickets away today I don't ready to be halfway home. I don't ready to be on a rogue going home Guaranteed and then this crazy man calls up here. Oh, got to do another hockey show I got news for you the chances of my ever doing another hockey show on a scale of minus infinity You're out of your mind rimmer you're a killer A hockey show So talk to the 10 hockey fans we got out there nine of whom are on the line Pulling at the mouth waiting for free tickets. That's the only reason we ever got calls on those shows Here's sunrise hello Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say a couple things one I am a jet fan and to a lot of congratulations They're great job. Thank you very much. They were that great, but they're often stuff At listening to all the dolphins fans both about how they're gonna kick our butt this weekend I'm just glad I can finally brush that off instead. I can get to listen to him pitch in my own yeah In the belly it can win and make excuses about how the official stole the game from them is if they had any offense It was the officials were the officials out there playing defense for the jets. I don't think so Now I think they're a bad call them both sides of the ball Right regardless, you know, a game is a game don't take it so seriously, but don't always talk down about everybody It's really rude. Yeah, but that's typical of the dolphin fans all talk a big game They would you know they they win two or three games this goes on every year it happens every single season They win the first two or three games then they start talking trash they start talking Super Bowl and then they start coming back to worth Have you realized that they basically meet nobody anyway? Well, I went to the game last year. I'll never go to the dolphin games. They're absolutely more on they get drunk out of their mind They don't know what to do in the fight the Jerry fans don't do that anyway before I go I wouldn't I wouldn't request if I could you please play cowboy dick. Okay, and can I get on the lift? Okay, hold on You know, thank god that they are jet fans don't do that. They don't they just throw snowballs They throw iceballs and try to kill guys was that the jet you they are well whoever it was who's in the you Here's a mobile and open park hello Oh Believe that I know She's made a dish or in the last week and you know something I can honestly say about both of those calls They stop oh my god. I thought he gets a news for us You know, I don't mind if he calls with some news because the organization itself doesn't give us any info And we're sure not gonna get that any from over on Sheridan Street. They're not gonna tell us what the hell's going on So I thought maybe he had some news on a waiver draft today and studies tell me what time it is which is right now Now Some kind of talent in order for them to for you know get compensation for what they pay no Oh I was just yeah, and he's time you're hired You've heard that you're a pumps we got an estate you already some better than most of them I just also a time I'm still happy to stop at the loss because there's a stop there jukin in the gyvin Yeah, and you're big mouth And people come up on their big one in the game. Huh? Oh, they got a running game. Do they have one? No, not in the least I'm gonna with a big stupid name to the defensive line Like come on yeah, where the people it's I love what you're doing the help keep it up and you take care of it here and back to you. Thank you Yeah, it's gonna be a ugly here because there's so many ugly team so many bad teams They still will and I saw yesterday and again a course Sanford Cisco lining up losing the buffalo the 49ers with 65,000 yards in penalties and then buffalo nearly blow in a 20-year-old tree nothing leave But that's what you got red that's what you wanted I guess you wanted parody you wanted all the teams to be crap Except Denver and look who the hell they were playing anyway Well, can you explain to me one thing? What is that loud unbelievable noise? Tree driver or blow or something like that This place is unbelievable. I mean those people in the condos across the way which is certainly maybe 100 yards from here if those people you can smell it in here and believe me if not very advertising either We got walls like paper in this joint like paper machine Where we going here is a whole sound hello Neil got your science. Yeah, what a what a cloud that before that What rumor oh Hey You know something if I if I was stupid enough to let him do it he would destroy my career that man He would put me out of business got into a hockey show That's a who would that would be talking to there's nobody wants to talk hockey? They couldn't hear less about it. They know nothing about it Right exactly he can't get on the years so he's trying to siphon off of this show Yeah, like that comment someone sent Jimmy Johnson if I could pull them both here. I let no bullying ball with arms Oh, okay, I can't let this end bad here. Hey, what I was up in Toronto recently. Yeah, that's a great area. Yes, it is Yeah, I was up in the area called the seats is up there along the lakefront But we're gonna be going back in his session Any suggestions for one? I have a good time up there Yeah, walk out on your street or church do you love a good time? Hey, better than my amin Uh-huh. I have been a hockey fan that have been to a game. I love it. I'm okay. I'm putting everybody on list Okay, if that's what it takes today because I can see we're picking up all boy We got momentum in this place. Oh, we got the center one promotion which will work in fever's late I tried to make that a big success this year to make up for last year with Greg reading everybody around here screwed us big time And in the meantime, I'm aware that it's kind of like promotion in a closet That's the way I feel and in fact, I feel like the whole of this whole place is like it's like radio station in a closet The studio is like in a broom closet the TV show is definitely in the closet That's going out soon anyway. So don't worry about that Every day we get another story on that thing. You know, and do they ever talk to me at all? No, Nadie and Biggen sticking up. No, they send a lackey to send a rob junior over here They send it and he'd by the beat, but above any talks a different story every day every time I see me gives me a different story Oh, it's going off well. Let's go in and hiatus. It might come back is an hour. I might never come back. It's coming back, right? So is George Washington. He's coming back I'll tell you one good thing about that TV show. They sure have given us a real good shot at And they sure have helped a hell out of these Just audience here in fact, they're more the longer the TV show is on every day the radio audience is Lendulant they take one look at that asshole with a Yamakan TV. Oh my god, but I wasn't that anymore They're running away from this joint and I don't blame them You're going to be trimming these effing trees out here. I don't care where he is It's it's like very long Everything now we got something if they're not hammering and drilling upstairs Which we don't mind so much because at least we know they're building the new studios, but but every day we got Syrians we got drill it and it sounds like the guys inside the building If you could be sitting in here and here, well, I must have he's over there must be that loud What's that about sure When you stop trimming the goddamn trees What's going on with effing radio show you Jack? Oh, it can't hear me It's 11 after 11 it let's get chic Omeki and Dennis Hall on the phone area go and chic Oresh He's a killer. I'm telling you man. You think Oj was bad Here's Miami. Hello Oj only killed two people this guy's killed my whole audience He's a trip he is I'm Linda the chats look really good yesterday, but jet fans still suck. Yeah. I wouldn't disagree with that Okay, most of them there was something I caught on the game while I was watching It was at the jet fans are the giant fans that were throwing the snowballs in a charger game a couple years ago and Hidden guys in the head remember that I remember the answer. Yeah. I was living up there. I actually think we're giant fans Yeah, I think it was a real. I mean I remember jet fans Have time to still love to gather on the spiral The spiral thing that they drive the trucks on the stairway these to just like like the lean over and spit on people That's classy. That's what I remember there you go. I caught something on the game while I was watching I thought it Epilipson into the game and all of a sudden I heard a voice go kneel and I was waiting to hear God after but when it went was kneel Did you have your chunky soup? Oh, yeah That's right. That's a great spot. You know how come Reggie wine it out there no more, huh? I think that was poetic justice. They replaced Reggie white with yeah On those chunky soup spots. That's that was cute. Absolutely. You got to get that for the For the website or something that clip right I'd love to get on the list. Can I say something first? Yes, sir I'm in Karen you're both hockey loving douche bags. Okay. How about yeah Now let me ask you this. Let me have you vote you want any hockey shows with rumour? No, okay. Hold on No When he said that I mean wasn't bad enough that he called I mean I'm having another you know death-defying day here again The you what the fifth and a row But when he called and I thought for sure he must have some news some information We just we just made a deal. We got pavail bore from the Vancouver connox We got Trevor Lyndon from the islanders. We got that we made the Felix pop-end deal with leaves. We did something Did he have anything to enlighten us to re-lucidate? No I mean when something happens please call us back and let me know cuz I'm in the dark here. We have no idea what's going on But other than that just calling to a talk about doing a hockey show is there One person in this audience that would ever like to hear another one of those rumour hockey shows on his program. No, okay Thank you In fact, I'd say to what they would they would they would even rather hear Then here another one of those hockey shows. You're worse to the goddamn phone 560 and 560 on the 18th to wireless line are pull questions today anymore hockey shows with river Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Yes, sir Watching us is often game the main reason I think it's often often just because it's no personal No person's awkward in the Johnson up bottom line. No. Well, we're prepared in us They were right before the thing passes their quarterback time the faces It's just they're just more prepared. I mean when Vinnie test the birdie makes you look bad Then you know you got a you got a problem I really am mean they could their deep back the first weekend expect I could earn their defenses But but offensively man they suck this is That's right when you keep giving it a ball back that's right you got it I think and back to you Well, there's a guy that's honest about it the dolphin stuck yesterday in fact Isn't that what rumours said before finally cut them off? I said how'd you like that dolphin game yesterday said they stopped we have an open line of dig Yeah, that's right and he a Wayne on that said pushing up real good They're rumored Wayne on stood off and still, but he don't mind he told her right in the way it was Panthers do last year How they doing Tampa started out when they blew that three nothing leaves now we're fortunate them up a little bit We have an open line in date five six seven 0.5 60 and five 60 and how about those marlins a season? Yeah, there you go. Whoo he's really pushing up big time How about Wayne and his buddies? Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Yes, sir. You suck. All right. Thank you so much We have an open line in date one and Brad just got waited on his mobile phone for like 15 minutes to Blur to the yeah, I do and what about are you jealous? Probably is here's Miami hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I think you guys need to give the dolphin more credit They're a bunch of crap apples, but anyway, they're cleaned or half off. We have okay, great We have an open line in the brown one and day two and day five six seven 0.5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and key west. Hello There was a typical for software sports fan yes, sir. On the young people chicken boy Yeah, I'm calling off from the dance of a mouth readers and trailer tracks in the keys I think I have to say being away it seems I'll start singing a Jimmy Buffett song. She heard dial tone real fast. Oh, I don't care about that I've been really glad not to watch any of the news about the Clinton candle for the time that I've been here it's been so platable Yeah, and I'm so glad not to hear about well, the Dow is down 138 points in the next that could doubt about 75 million so far today And meanwhile, they got to talk to you this year. He committed debate going on here and they're all fah fah fah fah fah It's all strictly political. It's all a bunch of bull crap And this is what the whole government now is tied up with and the meantime the world of can we're into a world depression? They can't be bothered with that. The hilarious thing about is that I heard I think I was just talking ahead say that well You know, we want to do what's best for the American people. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah, and then that little Ross P. Row He's that they dragged him out of the closet again, and he's on air talking just absolute garbage Clinton's on cocaine. He's doing drugs. He's gonna start wars over this to divert the attention to the public This little guy. He ought to be he ought to be taking a put on death row with Larry King the two together They had to find a twin cedar for the two of them and they're given the juice In fact a triple cedar put the juice right in between the two of them He's hilarious that's the reason why maybe this put Ross P Row and the juice is last All the lab just lick up there you go Thanks a lot Chuck how's Chuck Meyer doing anybody here about the Chuck? No, I said morning show doing a Cleveland. Oh Okay, let's remove right along. Okay. I'm still trying to recover for that limber phone call. I can't believe it I think the two of you are conspiring. I think there's a bloodless clue just like there are publicans are trying to take over the whole guy damn government I think George and remember are working together conspiring take over the whole guy damn show That's right Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir Hello, speak to me. Yes, yeah, I think this my acquaintance Yes, it's just great for the Nation because it's gonna show that what idiots they have in Washington to the whole world. Okay. Thank you We have an open line in date one in Broward 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Our center one total is well, we don't know about the totalers 13,350 but of course includes a 10 grand I put in the kick it off Is there any reason why you mention that a lot? I'm sure there is because I try to like inspire other people to get with the program That's the idea So we did 20 240 bucks downstairs at Porter said they 1100 bucks on the old stuff and the t-shirts upstairs So that's not too bad 3250 or they're about whatever you just said Not great, but the real key will be which we're not gonna find out till next Monday I find out now because there hasn't been a system put in place to find out what the other borders all the other seven stores that we're doing And of course tomorrow night of pizza lots are we gonna have a magnificent turn out tomorrow night To in six and eight o'clock at the pizza law 35 14 South University driving baby with a food is great We always have a great time. We've damn well better Or I'm really gonna be so caught a company who's something rash like coming on Wednesday if we don't have a return out tomorrow Man These people are getting air me here. They get tougher and tougher. You got a polka me. You got a problem You got a stick of an electro. You got to do everything in their power because they're getting their dying over here Just like this bit. I just played the rickland up like a goddamn prune. Not more surface though Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Yes, I got a question about the new browser arena man Yes, but the hell up with that place. I'm gonna see you take it holder for the out. What would you have? What do you mean what the hell is up with that place? What does that mean? I went over there to the the brewing game Preceded and my seat was busted. I talked to about 10 other people that night the same thing happened to them Oh, yeah, 10 other people their seat was busted. Are you talking about the ones who are sitting behind the goal where those Then have the portable seats? Yeah, yeah, I'll get you out of luck. Okay We have an open line of day five six seven. Oh five six. You see if you would have in a big shot like me You would have got over there talk to Steve Dangerfield. They would have taken good carry And you'd be wanting up sitting in 101 right on the aisle there. So you don't have to worry about those tiny little neurocytes That everybody else is gonna get pinched and uh get a squeezed break home for the years out You need sitting out there just in real nice comfort luxury hanging by the aisle There were like lots of leg room and have a good time So I guess you lose pal we can't all win a new arena not everybody can sit in a great seat no matter what arena it is But they got to do something about those goal lights. I'm telling you In fact, what they'll they hit on an older they were sure to play off game the flyers and the sabers on class Spitting lights that go around him. I hope that you know like a big thing like a big deal Even donated to buy the guy damn lights Here's a mobile and bokeh hello. Hi hello. Yes, sir. Yeah It took comments what I'm the dolphin game and one eye and me in the mall and These guys are running the morning there's such homers I got with them all last week my Emmy had no shot that didn't the judging I went so fast I know they had no shot. I mean how could that that's a ridiculous statement how could I know that He's the way the two teams had played up until yesterday. How could anybody sit at no shot? I'll never tell you why why I felt that way and what I did about it I thought that they some that quality of teams that they had played in the first three games And they showed zero off and and they've also showed play three teams that had had zero off Then yeah, and I just figured that the dolphins are gonna be lucky if there's good 10 points in the game And I even went went so fast made I mean I put a good turn points and several that brilliant play that Jimmy Johnson call going for the two point of their on the direct snap to Or Linda Mari No, I did that the game I made five separate dinner that's before with five of my friends That if the judge scored 17 points in the game that they cover the spread right now Mr Henry I think I'm just a housing a better get real serious and Do stuff to it Mr Henry before because of the volatility of the Well, it's okay Yeah, I better do stuff the money. Are you sure my name is okay? Treat Mr Henry well is what he said. He's talking about full Henry. Are you yeah positive? Hey, listen all that money you won from your friends on a game yesterday Guantan by some teeth we have open line in date one in Broward 560 550 660 on the 18T wireless line Hey, it's American I don't express these people to be able to express to expect express whatever I said They can't speak here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hey, are you doing okay? Listen, I was wondering um, you know, I was hearing a good interview with a Last night now is one thing why you never do anything important like I felt oh Yeah, art bill don't talk about space good. That's yeah. Yeah. Okay while I'm glad you enjoyed the art bill So you're maybe you can put up the maybe you can put up the bond to get him out of jail next time We put one of those bogus people on and scares the whole old damn world and there's a buddy cell felt comb with our sole water. Thank you, sir Great. Look at that cell as a golden cognitive is going to be written a must actually must of the boys must be after him Okay, we have two open lines in date five six seven. Oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18T wireless line There's a mobile and hell and they'll hello Mobile and hell and they'll hello, yeah, sir. Are you doing okay? Like to talk to you about that newer ring South yes newer renawe set up there Saturday night for the sea on show right and we sat in the Mezzany We did it oxygen tanks It was so high up you couldn't see for a month there to your coups six will add when you know It's interesting because I wasn't there either Celine Dion or Elton John, but I read in the newspaper is both papers over the weekend Air v Article that said the acoustics were great and it was very comfortable everybody had a good time So go rotten hell and they'll okay. Oh, good out here Complaints complaints complaints all these people know how to do is bitch and belly aches that's their whole deal Like it should be more positive like like me Jesus Felly it can bitch and moan and groan. I mean, I don't know the newspapers on everything asked to grind I don't think it's their press passes But I read all kinds of articles about the Celine Dion concert the Elton John concert said everybody with the acoustics were sensational The place was great. It was palatial people at a wonderful time They loved the new arena and what do we get we get the the sour post that's what we get we get the drizzle old fart The wrinkled up old fart from hell and they'll And you know something that will teach you to go see Celine Dion anyway and I'll pay back is a bitch I wonder if they paid her in loonies or Tunis we have an open line and date out Florida We got any visitors down here We have any other people visiting come it down for the season because it's dark cool and awful a little bit up north Welcome back to a real miserable hostile nasty place where they all hate you they hate each other They hate themselves they hate everything down here. Oh, they're consistent why 22 something you won't hate and that's been in jury taste I mean if you want to go out there and eat plain vanilla ice cream one of those off brands or if you want to eat the stuff that comes in those big Tubs which I don't want to mention the name on here You can go ahead and eat that crap that means you got no taste but if you love great ice cream Hey, look at and stick it Coming to lick a lody in this fall Ellen de Generis KD Lang and Melissa Appridge in Rod Muncher Janet Reno says My velvet loves it and it pulled the rug out from underneath me Yes, watches these three munches are just shagging on the boulevard Only on lick at night 17 don't know that five 60 WQM. We got the ankle brochure from Shula State to with two We got the boaster is on from six to later clock tonight and we got what we got NFL football money night football That's what I'm green bay and boy. They're lucky. There's no baseball game Here's a mobile and Davy hello Me, oh yes, sir. How you doing great? I don't know Yeah, you heard about it. Yeah, but you heard about a laryc month offer no You haven't heard about that. Let me hear it again. No. Oh, okay Let me tell you Larry Flint is offering one million dollars to anybody that had to bear with a congressman or a senator He's the one I saw or saw on the ad. Yes, they were showing the ad in the paper. I didn't know that he put it in oh Yeah, Larry Flint so The house of the capitals one big glass house these today. I think Okay, thanks for the good news. Yeah, Larry is a wheel and a dealin mostly wheelin We have an open line a day one in Broward five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Can you imagine a million bucks? There isn't gonna be one of those damn bastards left at another week or two They'll be crying out of the woodwork. They'll be crying out of the goddamn sewer out of dumpsters. Oh, yeah, we did him back in that Yeah, right and I wouldn't be surprised if all Henry starts hiding again soon Here's having sure hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, and love you show man. Yeah Anyway, it's today. I was listening to you show last Wednesday and you're mkipper. Yeah, and I got it I had me last and all that was working. I'm Jewish myself and I ain't drink I did everything I wanted to know if he saw anybody with chicken on your head and they're heads. Oh, yeah So 17 old Jews in hell and they're with chickens on their head really One thing I'm kipper. They were running out of a pumper next. They were stealing them, yeah By that by that expression by that thing by chickens By what expression? I say me selling with chicken on a hand. You mean like a beanie? I'm a car No chickens like real-life chickens. They old orthodox believe that if you put a chicken on your head on your kipper That your sins will drain out of your body into the chicken So the thing is crazy that people will starve themselves and go through all that BS going sitting in Couple with your sparks We uh Loona people chauffeur and all that uh, yeah the chauffeur likes it though and ever great day sir We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pump 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Maybe that's where we like kind of lost contact with the audience maybe it's a maybe between George Griffin Religion there, which I think is very blasphemous and then me attacking at the crap that barbaric arcade garbage on your own kipper You know what to bad? Do we care? No, of course not Speaking of that that's a great segue cardinals be out of vacation draws fire Throughout his papacy Pope John Paul the second is spoken earnestly of a Roman Catholic church's desire to improve Its relationship with the Jewish world and to begin a reconciliation with the eastern orthodox churches But this week he's making a controversial pilgrimage to Croatia that threatens to damage both of those causes Today in the shrine village of Marija, Bistrica The Apophys to celebrate mass to beautify this is yesterday to be out of my cardinal L L Zuzzi Azizia steppinac a man closely identified well how would you pronounce it? AL O's jz J. E. Those slabs slabs a man closely identified with the pronazi puppet regime in Croatia that murdered hundreds of thousands of Serbs and Jews how do you like that in the Catholic church be outification is the first step towards St. Hood The Pope has described steppinac as the bull work of the church among the quotes who resisted the yoke of communism in the name of human rights and Christian dignity After World War II steppinac a archbishop of Zagreb became an internationally known as a vehement opponent of Tito's communist regime in Yugoslavia which in 1946 put upon trial and convicted him of treason in collaboration He spent five years in prison and the rest of his life under house arrest in the small village of Krasak is birthplace in died in 1960 Much beloved by Catholic quotes for his simple piety he also became an enduring symbol of Croatian nationalism That was revived during the violent break of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s But it is steppinac's record during the Nazi era that troubles Jewish organizations and the orthodox church Historian say steppinac openly celebrated the pro Nazi Yugoslavia regime that came to power in Croatian 1941 and made little protest while Yugoslavia murdered through the 30,000 Jews and perhaps 350,000 Serbs with a ferocity that startled even the Nazis Even the Nazis were saying oh my god Jesus In Croatia you could draw a straight line between the behavior of the government and the influence of the church Said rabbi Abraham Cooper assistant dean of Simon Vizenthal Center in Los Angeles and organization that documents the activities of Nazi work criminals and their collaborators So once again the churches celebrating and they're gonna make a mistake sooner later probably sooner because they never met a Nazi They didn't like We have an open line in date 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's for a lot of deal. Hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? football is mediocre at best this season He is just boring terrible the watch. I'm embarrassed for it and this whole impeachment process thing There is a website where it's called move on it's www.movon.org and you can put in your Appingions on let's just get this thing over with sense of the president and move on because the rest of the world is looking at it like a bunch of buffoons You know well they're not gonna move on because the Republicans and you know they got the majority And they're gonna keep Bang and on this and bang and on it now they're looking for other things They're kind of like looking around they're going on a little fishing expedition and dragging out as long as they can't for fun in political game We try to get light blow up in her face if anybody was smart. It's totally ridiculous how can we put it stop to it? I can't can't put a stop to with sir Thanks, Neil. Okay, and have a great day We have an open line in date one in Broward 5670560 can we put a stop to it? No, I don't think so And pom 560 on the AT&T wireless line There's a lady mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, Neil. You know I came down here from New York Because I was tired of seeing the dolphins up there amongst all the jet fans I came down here and I saw that debacle yesterday That's how absolutely pathetic But until a better subject, where have you been why don't you come to New York? There's nobody up there like you you talk about everything You're giving on a fan sir. We love you. Mm-hmm. Thanks. Okay Where have I been? What what does that mean? You know what that means? Where have I been? In the wrong place for like the last 22 and a half years. I'm becoming more sure that is each moment goes by We have two open lines in both in Broward. How do you like that? 5670560 pom 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Bonita Springs. Hello Hey, you doing okay, and all thank you Okay, we have two open lines in Broward one in date 5670560 and pom 5 he said basically he said they don't give a crap is what he said Here's West Palm Beach, hello And I done okay I heard the funniest thing last night from Joe Pizeman. Yeah, I've watched in the game and I know he didn't realize what he was saying But you know how they always show on the replay and he does his commentary says I watch you watch This big line man when he gets his big rear around He opens up a big hole Well the runny back and run right up into it. Uh-huh Yeah, so we can run right up up to do his rectum It was hilarious. Yeah, I guess you had to be there right Okay, thanks for the good news We have an open line in Broward two of them 5670560 pom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's do a hockey show come on Yeah, stick up pull on Here's a mobile in Boca, hello Mobile in Boca Why just to take a breath But it must have been their last one let's have a party now Okay, now to our last two calls today. Here's a lady in Miami, hello Oh, no, yes, man. Hi, I'm I guess I'm gonna tell you I was talking to a friend of mine and just got back from Germany She was over there for a couple months and she was saying how all of your pens are last you know this about this Clinton thing That's the New that the the old chance for coal and in Germany had a little bit of a cool Yeah, that that he he's been married by the way three times and he literally made the statement that it made him One of them at the way that the Republicans are going after Clinton yeah, and um the new One I can't remember the same was just the chances just thought it has been married four times and Also the Prime Minister of France made the comment that this is nothing more than Electronic lynching And she said that just just in general the Europeans are saying that's a big joke Well, we're right to the world is laughing at this country. They're laughing in their crying because we've got these unbelievable International problems both the Financial problems and also we got wars all over the guy they were going on and This they're sitting right here now and but I mean but I'm gonna do it as repeating the same old tired crap Over and over again. They've had a chance to read the same 50,000 pages 5 million times already they're not gonna find out one more thing than we don't already know and they're withholding most of the stuff about Start and his involvement with Paula Jones lawyers and what a lying bich Linda trippers and Lucian Goldberg and Monica Lewinsky and the media have making a side service. It's a circus It's a circus Exactly and and Oh, there's one other thing I wanted to mention about that that that They were talking about you know what a joke it is oh and and then and then Republicans try to come up and tell you and say that he has no credibility now with the rest of the world Well, you know, you know, you heard recently that the United Nations gave him the Great day, okay. We have two open lines in date. He's making a campaign speech two open lines in day one and Broward 567560 and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, sir. Did you see Barbara Walters with the little drill that they take out in the stadium? It's in a coma no You missed that they checked out that was that a holy cross Like on over they checked their house for oil Yeah Drip and they found out olive oil. She's not a vegetable. She's a salad all right. It's they're dripping olive oil all right Yeah I bet you're gonna be on the other time. Thanks for the good news Okay, we have two open lines in Broward to and date we're like basically out of business here. It's not even noon yet We're got gonna do the drug for those tickets to 145 but even that has no interest to these people Because this is soft Florida, maybe you don't expect too much here. Do you know? No, because that's what you'll get 567560 pound five sixty on the AT&T line four louder deal. Hello Fort louder deal Okay, that was it Boy, it be me the punch look at that we had two and they both disappear right at the same time Okay, you play that while I get my I was so depressed that's an old tragic the fugs did that thing and it was the did the real coffee so old I thought oh look I can update our copy. I can get nice fresh glass garbage man. I wouldn't play that on on Kane station I Remember I told you today was the day where a change All music way to you 10 a.m. It's hopefully I'm gonna be these sports funnier the hours how about music four days four hours today? You Dude we have an open line in brown all three lines in date. Are we gonna play the game today or what? It's up to you now these next a couple months during this break and maybe and probably not All of a sudden I went away on vacation Saturday over there in Fort Lauderdale by the Gamoria was there hardly anybody there? No, I mean it's a good thing Jordan bothers showing up over there. He knew he must add psychic vibrations Is he gonna show up over there? No, I wasted time To televised a sitting around there talking to each other eat those peanut butter cookies which were pretty good Nice shade about eight. Huh don't have to don't be having no more cookies okay in any of our appearances please You're killing me with that Dave County we got 200 open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line unbelievable It's a long ago Night the regular season tab of a and the panthers Friday night. No, okay. Sorry sorry I asked All of our proof we ought to be doing a hockey show There you go, Rimmer Now the waiver draft he said started a lot of the clock this morning. Do we have any information? A news on what happened on a hooping what? So far oh did the panthers get anybody? Did they have anybody drafted that they're trying to give it a Kirk Muller and Terry Carter and Jeff Dorton did they get do we know? No, first not See when it actually comes to concrete information getting something that we can pass along to the listening audience Does 10 people out there whom I give a crap about it? Do we get it? No All I get is a lecture on how we ought to do a hockey show and have Don Cherry on again with his white suit and his red tie I mean I love Don Cherry but what's what's left to say? All you kids out there there you go Here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil, are you doing okay? I was just out in California last week and I want to let you know that I met the director What I believe is your favorite movie? You know with the Copa by state the liner out there pretty nice guy too All of all things we're talking about you know I start trying to get him talk about his movies or whatever he's got is the Academy Awards and everything else inside the actual Winery there and I start trying to talk about the movie and he's like if you're using a choir 7-in today Even he was caught up in the old baseball crazy whatever and I think in fact you were just talking about Home around being being up or whatever in case maybe because the Haitians are So in the body I saw them real tidy on the baseball's too Right well, I think actually home runs are down last year Might be something you're looking into so you might have Gears up more to the Haitian communities they can start winding up the even tighter next year I'm okay. Have a good day now. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Down to two calls again 12 blinds just days to unbrowards 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 60 on the mobile one Ancient no anybody out there no live no wait Actually good is though. No, but what the first pick is no The new format now a little bit of music maybe you call every a quarter hour of 20 minutes a little bit of music again. I like this very painless Probably way to five feet E L you call that a consultant I'm gonna think if you were ready. Oh, okay. Well, they're saved up, baby I can do anything. I want to do I hear his sources woman And I'm gonna be consulting you a given that's all Unimpressed Or below I've got the boy I've got the power to mold into the show Oh Where are I? To get your own show That an alley wall And it don't tell you. Go waiting below Just as long as you can stroke me go Come on. There's same bar baby And you'll do anything I want to do I'm your consultant woman Spread your lantern at entire you I'm gonna boar Prop 14 at 5 60 W Q a m So we got our big thing it pizza loft tomorrow night anybody gonna have a big thing in pizza law And Six to eight o'clock tomorrow night will have our those t-shirts in the best of kneel of CDs in cassette 97 and 98 Also set a one is got there from previous years too by the way should mention that and if you want to call send a one-roader Your stuff you can call nine and five four five six three thirty six hundred five six three thirty six hundred thirty six hundred To order your CDs and cassettes et cetera As we really got to get this thing going because I have a feeling it's like a promotion in the vacuum I don't know could be wrong I just get that feeling it's like being in a broom closet would light stir not promotion in the dark even Johnny dark is embarrassed But we'll get there Hey, we better get our crack attorney on the phone on this we better get Norma Kett in Volvo this and see so minimally involved with center one Was he there on Saturday? No did he ever return your call on Friday? No Saturday? No, we're Sunday. No we're getting back to about those things You were gonna talk to him about oh, well he's busy getting the pot laws change there you go nice going Norma useless as a dead bull frog Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello Hi now yes, sir. Hi. I just wanted to put in a vote for Continuing keeping us all informed about hockey in the NHL You're the only source of information in Miami You can hear anything on the on the TV about it you get anything in the Harold about it you can't get anything from the first team about it of course not you know If it wasn't for you we would know it was going on right I know that you We're complaining that you haven't heard anything about the waiver wire and whatever But when when we find out you'll be the guy we hear it from okay So you know keep up the good stuff because there are hockey fans out. Okay everything Okay, there you go. How well how well we get the information who's gonna give me is somebody gonna give me the information? No come on get serious Are we gonna hear it from over there on Sheridan street is the sports department gonna share some information with us? No first on On the outside of man on the okay, it's done the evil one we know that Is Rimmer gonna come back and call back and give us any useful information? No first not he's just sucking around for another free meal That's all he's doing trying to negotiate himself again sure no side of do it We have an open line in the oh yeah, we got another hockey show get done cherry on the phone get the dog McLean on there from Columbus oh God If I have to see anymore those jewelry source stores spots with dog McLean hey somebody better tell them that pizza I had a bitch in dog McLean. They're not working here anymore. Okay tell them over that place Here's a mobile and Davy hello Hey Neil how are you doing okay sir? Good I got to tell him tired of listening to people complain about your arena. Oh Fabulous facility Where were you ready to one of the concerts over the weekend? No, I was having concerts, but I was at the Preseason Games right and what did the when the C you see tell whatever that was right pick your seat He's the only problem with the whole place is the the kicked on the out with the valet There's no valet parking Others not no none at all they shut them down. Oh, yeah, that's the same Yeah, we don't need valet parking in this place. I mean all the parking is so close number one Number two you don't have to worry about getting mud That's true too. Say you save a lot of money and if it was you don't have to worry about your car getting smashed up By the valet parking guys twice in one season like I did do a section here Huh 101 I'm gonna 105 great place. Okay. All right good job. Yeah, see you there Well, by the way speaking of cars I mentioned this a couple of weeks ago when I had my previous episode about what was it two three weeks ago Driving to the airport and the car just stopped it's a computer thing and a guy called in these said Why do you know when that when you're check engine like comes on and that things start flashing reduced engine power It has to do with your gas cap Remember that and the guy to a point was right which we were very skeptical was it sounded simplistic and ridiculous But if you look on a gas cap, which who spends their time reading your gas cap anybody out there read your gas cap? Oh, first not But it says on there that if the cap isn't sealed tight until it starts doing the clicking thing that the check engine like can come on and the freaky things can happen However A couple weeks before that the ABS break being out the light came on and then come to find out there was nothing wrong with the ABS break now the new deal Let's start in a couple of days ago Get in the car. I go to the store. I come home. I shut it off and guess what now the air conditioning comes on After I've shut off the ignition. That's right. I've shut it off take the key out and here comes the air on baby So needless to say it doesn't take too very long before the battery is dead And then the goddamn door kneel dead are the most of the people living in the sunrise And it's a computer thing and I hate to break the news to you since I got that car into a Chevy dealer right now Once they get it fixed you won't be seeing that car my garage no more Because like I try to say that they wants to computer even if they plane they fix it It starts playing with your mind especially if you had that real bad experience like I didn't Chicago You computer decided that it was just to the you know pin that accelerated before I couldn't stop that thing for lover money and thank God that the pillar did there under the reds Carlton hotel Oh yeah, it's computerized baby. It's a well it's a little computer here. Let's somebody else get killed in okay Alps So I just thought I would share that with you especially since the 99's are out We did have a you see with this audience it's hard to tell whether they give it to the real story or much of bull crab But the 99 vets are out and the god only knows who may actually be driver one Hey Neah, how are you okay, sir? Maybe you should insist they replace the computer itself Still wouldn't do a convinced me well listen I had a question for you about the flyer. It reminds me of Christine. It's just evil now Go ahead the flyer yeah Think picked up these are right. Yes. I think that's a pretty Considering what they had a pretty good improvement and I think You're in a year out of race picking them at the team to go, but I haven't heard much about them I wanted to know what you thought and if you thought that That's a big step in the right direction to the share Oh, he'll all depends if depends if he plays as well. There's he did for the they're going nowhere as long as Roger Nielsen is there They are going nowhere Yeah, and addition to which they continue they continue putting all the pressure on landross And I realize they're paying them a tremendous amount of money, but he is never gonna be the kind of leader in a kind of Dominating a superstar that they think yeah, he's a great player, but he's never gonna be what they want him to be Just can't he doesn't have it in them. There's some pretty good turning talent though Yeah, we're in bring them more and all those guys you ever see the the body language in the facial expressions It is man, he has the look of a loser. You just look at him and you think oh this guy knows he's gonna lose He just forgot that sour look. Yeah, every time I hear you know, I think about that I get excited for their season for them and and these are being on a good team and and then I've been and then when I say oh yeah, but I hope I hope I'll be as a good year up there. I hope these are as a good year in fully of course Not when they play us, but but other than that, I hope we play as real well just a stick at to some of these people down here now These two faced phonies were stabbing him in the back and Ripon and asked now that he's gone Which is the most popular thing to do in sports and soon as somebody gets traded or goes to another joint right away They start saying well he stalked anyway, you know like heaven Brown right there. He go all right You know hey, we're talking about hockey too. He better end it now. Okay. Thanks Two open lines and date. I don't mind talking about hockey I just did not come to do any more hockey shows. No, okay It would be one thing if you did a hockey show with somebody was controversial Somebody actually came out and said something something something who ripped the management once and a while Who said that the general manager the coach made a crappy deal or that something you know because nothing is perfect Nobody is perfect in order. I'm Shane Ashwright nobody's perfect But when it just gets to be a shock fish that it is into a shining We have two open lines in date county five six seven 560 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line here's Hollywood. Hello Any idea? Great. They look at that truck. Sounds like Andy. No no chance If I didn't have a call the whole day have been on for two hours in twenty two minutes If I didn't have anybody on here. I don't talk to miss fits. Okay, I don't talk to miss fits And there's a difference between chronic and miss fits chronic is one category You're in another category you're in the miss fit category Somebody with no life nothing to say somebody who's extraordinarily annoying I would rather do another hockey show than talk to Andy from Hollywood and I would rather die before I would do Another guy the amount of those rumor hockey shows, okay? Oh, yeah, let's get cherry on the phone. Let's get the BM on there in the station good stuff Again, do some propaganda get out here the youngsters in the organization We already got it on tape. Okay. We got on a goddamn crusher tape the youngsters in the organization are gonna be Insatiational and it's gonna be a big year respecting big things. Yeah Then here was giant sucking sounds coming right through the speakers inverting the speakers in your car radio man Here's Miramar hello Yes, sir. When you leave a job when you leave a dog the game metro date and the people let's guide the parking and the leaving The stadium yes, it's a beautiful setup the sunrise police could take a lesson from the waiting They managed traffic at your Ravi for those concerts the other night. There was a the sunrise Walker to be found anywhere Guide in the traffic. He was a free for all in that parking lot really Yeah, I hope they get the markings a little better so people know where the hell they are because there are no marking There are none there's no marking and when you attempt to leave that that arena on the north Everybody's trying to go South to 136 on Panther drive right almost impossible to turn left to cut on to the The overpass they built directly to the saw grass. Yeah The cops are aware to be found Anyway, well let me ask you to which country do you go to? I went to the fraud concert Ocelin Dion and how was the acoustics? Well, like I'd be honest with you. I didn't think they were that hot Like I said that guy who called before I apologize well, no, I mean I just read the stuff in the papers and the papers are usually so Them critical anyway, so I figured a face that it was good it must have been great Well, you know, I guess it's everybody's got their own interpretation. What's gonna acoustic rock right? I'm you know, I'm used to going to rock and roll concerts where the music is different right? Celine Dion. Oh wow Yeah, okay, I actually won't be doing that again Okay Okay, we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty on the mobile one line 1225 here at QAM by the way on and on and on hour after hour after hour The house you this year committee, but I mean, but I'm about he stuck it over here. She puts us a girl But it but I'm about to say I'm a little tired crap Market is taking a gigantic dumb The whole world economy is turning the White house that go you Crap off that Nazi son of a bitch the dowels down 166 and the Nasdaq oh my god Today is the day that tech turned to Dreck and I don't mean bill either The Nasdaq is down almost just under 90 points that's equivalent of 450 Dow points The market is taking a huge And they're sitting around that that that that that that no we don't want to give the IMF that money And we don't want to worry about these other problems. We want to make sure that we like Apparelize the president Talk about neurofilling while a goddamn whole world was burning on freaking believable Or you can't say that on air. We'll come down take your license away roll up your sleeves and do do do the president's on cocaine Does stop those old studies Yeah, they've been dragged that little to a pot again. How do you like that's how desperate the media is not a put every kind of spit on is and Squeeze as much blood and money as they can out of this crap And let me say it again without the media this thing could never have gotten the word is today not a Chinaman's chance in hell Without the sick obsessive twisted media these self-righteous hypocritical bastards sanctimonious assholes It's The sport showed a linebacker the linebacker for what? What in the app for what for the coat who cares about the cold? Skol getting education okay, go get a brain the cool It's the bears not the colds you idiot Two open lines in date. Oh, that was four pairs. I'm sorry five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Jesus are you listening to this show? Food out. This isn't a goddamn sports show thank God until a sports bait comes back and how the talkies We'll have Christina back again. Oh, yeah, boosters gonna be out the night so that means it won't be long before booster and more on will be back here in midday Especially the with things are going lightly Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yeah, yes, sir. Are you done? You demand that you have a man? I am I I got a question for you. I'm a social meds I'm gonna hang up. I want to hear your response I heard on the No, this one and that Larry Larry thinks the host legus. Yeah, yeah, yeah I don't hear the evil we're talking about this you paid a million dollars It's gonna be ready to talk about it. I To get a major I Plent for president if we have one It's good enough in a wheelchair. What's wrong with Larry Flint? They man get it going. Oh there you go. Okay, pound hungry rate life. We have an open line of debt. Oh no Oh no, what was that? What do you mean was what is that? What is that on the bat line that you're talking to you? I'm serious. I'm gonna get a photo this chair I am leaving. I am going home. You can finish this show. You can put a tape on they can have dead air They can play a grandma Moses According for an hour and twenty five minutes. What is that? What is that what are you nodding at me? It's sad. It's it's it's a rumor What would you just say oh my god What did you just say? I thought I would have seen what I thought you say Remember in the program. It's cool Have you got some news? I've got news. Well, thank god But don't expect some big news mr Rogers But I promised I'd call back after the wave of draft nine players were claimed Your leaf picked up A player of no Kevin doll and the pensman But Other than that Do you about enough gap a day picked up Red fuel trap Yeah Zenno bigger went to the Nash seat see your feet see her pizza Pizza Knock What is this a joke are you doing sit down comedy now You're making up names now. Not making up names. Pants is Pascal Pascodniac. He went from Colorado to Anahe. I got up pounding in my head like somebody's in there with an animal in a hammer. Frederick Shabbat. Yeah, Shabbat. Now he's doing Jewish humaria. Who can't play on Friday night and Saturday games. Shabbat was claimed by Montreal from Los Angeles. Yeah. The pain wouldn't. It's not Shabbat. It's Shabbat. C-A-A-B-O-T. It's not Shabbat. What's wrong with you? You work with a frog. How can you kids speak French? Maxim Galen. And also you shut up as soon as I said you work with a frog. You know, it's just one of your respond to that. Montreal. Yeah. His name is Shabbat. Shabbat. Shabbat is Jewish. Shabbat is French. No, that's Shabbat. I feel really, really, really. Yeah. A kick miller was claimed by Pittsburgh. From the New York Island. So far, there's not one player other than the first one, which I forget the least, the original defense of the nigga. There's not one other player you've mentioned to anybody ever heard of. And if I never heard him, how though, what's the chance the audience ever heard of? Listen, if I didn't call you back, was it a can't win? You're a little so what about the Panthers? No player was claimed and they didn't claim anybody. Oh, but you know what? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. The players that were exposed in this draft really have no significance. What are you talking about? Mothers make it almost $2 million a year. They got to get rid of them. Now they want to get rid of Terry Carcner in the Jeff Norton. So Ben that it hurts. They'd like to put them all three on a great-home bus. And you know that. Now the situation is this. Well, respond. No, no. I'm telling you what's going to happen now. Am I right? Why did I unload those three guys and their salaries? Absolutely. But now the trading deadline or embargo has been lifted. And you're going to see a plurvy activity including the working. You're going to see a plurvy activity. I thought he was in a back seat when children Kennedy was getting it. That's what they say. That's the thing. That's not what happened. And nothing happened. And children Kennedy, by the way, had a little bit of a problem here. Yeah. A couple of weeks ago. He fell off the wagon. Yeah. A little drinking and drug problem. It always comes back to that same excuse again. He was in a hummer. Yeah, I bet with Graham James. He was in a hummer with Graham James. Okay, remember I think you reached the end of the line on that one. See, I hate the least they're making a trade. They stopped. Yeah, who are they trained besides being a five fan? Here's the dealer. Two rumored deals. Yeah. One of them has a three way deal with the New York Times. Kennedy was in a hummer. That was almost redeem your other call. Not quite, but all those. John, it's true. Yeah, but it is. That's what Graham James said. Oh, that's what happened at Evanson. Yeah. But anyway, I then could end up in Vancouver with Tabell Buray ending up with a New York Islanders and travel. And travel into what end up in Toronto. Another scenario has a Buray possibly ending up in Toronto. But time remains. The New York Islanders are having a fire sale. They've got so many players now that they're trying to unload to get their salary down. There's an event of a place to play in. So they're going to be playing a shini hockey out there in a pond, I think. But expect quite a bit of activity between now and Friday, certainly. Great. But, okay. Thanks so much, Rimmer. All right. Okay. Watch out for that hummer. Oh, thank God. That's over. We have an open line in date. Why, I just lit the end of this cigar. I think I lit the tip of my nose to it the same time. Smells like burning chicken. Oh, God. I'm serious. I just lit the end of my goddamn lit the tip. Open line in date. 5, 6, 7, if I told you I'd commit suicide if he called again. 21 till 1 and 5, 60 WQA. That'd be pressed. Now, bulk up Ryan, who is the epitome of walking depression walks in the door. And he's crying for money. What was the first thing I did when I saw him in there? I reached in my wallet tonight and pulled it out and a check too. And he came in here and he gave it, but I beat, but I beat. But if I kept this man alive for how long now, have I kept him alive? Off the streets, out of a dumpster, off a welfare. Huh? And if you could adjust her to come in, I can't keep track. Okay, it was gone for a week on vacation. Does he get paid to remember me? No, but he wasn't here last week. He was back. So last week, this week. Okay. I had a slip of the mind, okay, because I'll decide out of mine. An additional which he's already tripled to think anyway. And I want the quadrupled dip when you're paying him on a goddamn TV stuff. Here's a guy that gets paid four times to do the same stuff. Which I have no problem paying him what he's got coming with a little deal we made on the side to keep him alive. But he stood here in the doorway holding the goddamn stupid and the metamy, metamy, metamayman. Oh my god. Why didn't you call me this morning? We were early and say, just stay home, don't come in today. Why didn't you do that? I thought you knew it was Monday. Why didn't you warm it? It's kind of nothing to do with Monday. He's just as depressing on Tuesday. He's not any better run Tuesday. Are we not on Thursday? No, Wednesday. Friday? No. He's telling me about it. What's this guy's name? Georgey Shabbos. That's got drafted. This guy's making it up as he goes along. Man, you think that a guy that works with the dumb frog would at least the little we're rub off. At least he'd be able to shop both. He's got, he wears a beautiful shot. Poss. His hat. God. We have an open line in day. I guess it goes to show you when you work with the dumb frog. It does rub off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Carl Gable. So, Carl Gable's going once. Yes, sir. Yeah. I had a question in the statement. What are the CDs going to be out here? They're all right now. Oh, they are. Where are they? They're orders. All the orders, first. The second one was. If I have a question about Clinton. If the president can only be reelected or elected twice. If he doesn't serve as second one, isn't he? Can we reelect them again? Could he run again? Yeah. Good answer. I'll call up a clear Thomas and find out for you. We have two open lines in day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes. Neil. How you doing? I'm doing that. I just don't see them. I can't. And I need you to talk to me. I want to talk for it. I need to talk about mine. Yeah. Um, the toss is man. Okay. Okay. We got all the deadlines open. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Call up the hopper. He'll be on it to a clock. He'll talk all the dolphin you want to talk. He'll talk dolphin. He'll talk the Patriots. New Orleans Saints. Any kind of pig skinny one. Even though it's not kosher. The hopper will talk about it with you too. Okay. Here's a mobile and pepper pine, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. How you doing? I thought that joke that I made in reference to Zelda and Kennedy in the homero was pretty good. It was about material he had. Yeah, I think he slept into it though. I think it was an accident. He just got a curl into it. Yeah, he answered my question. I was going to ask you about the potman. I just had a quick question about the panthers are playing. He's a huge Toronto fan, but for the glass at the, at the, at the on the call and say hello and you have a great show. Thanks one and two in the exhibition season sir. There's one and two for those leaves. They got to go. You know, hey, maybe I'll call back and now we'll go up and see them in the cup. All right. All right. Let's see. Hold your breath. Okay. We have an open line and Broward all a day. Crap out again, man. Every time you think you got a little bit of a moment of a day. County all of a sudden it turns clear. That's right. We got three lines there in day. We got one for Kendall. We got one for Coconut Grove. We got one for girl Gables. One for Hylia. One for South Miami. One for Cutlerade. One for Homestead. One for Sweetwater. Three. And they're all dead as a door nail. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. We're just not speaking a right language on here. That's all. I guarantee if that whammy thing which by the way that's going off at a month at TV. Thing, no matter what these people try to tell you about it coming back because it won't. And you know the other thing that astonished me how they BS us. Maybe you try to make us feel better. All the other local shows went off. They only showed that went off was out loud. That generation any a that thing is on all over the guy in place. An ocean drive and city desk and sports town. The other local shows didn't go off. This is the show. The show that they used over there like a play toy. Well, now that we got those football shows on Sunday night, we don't need to put him on anymore. We used to have a month for an hour. He had like filler. This was just filler for them over there. That's all. Until I hit some paint crap like that Bobby Bowdoin show, or those other football shows where the video is like we all distorted. And you can barely see any other girl. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, you talk about sloth. They make the bees these look like uptown and downtown man. They make them look like big time. So thanks a lot to Marvin Romain for getting us involved with this mess. Here's Weston. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. And these are hard acts of follow. I got the Rimmer. I got the guy acting you a question and I got a frog. Three in a row. They stunk. Listen, this one I'll let you know. I went to the to see the Queen of Rock yesterday night. Yeah. And it was a great concert. And we've gone Georgia said, whew, what do you get with it? He is so slow, man. He said he's in a coma there. So how was the how was the acoustics? I loved it. The sound was really good. And I was trying to get some blood off my nose. But the seeds are small, but you know what? You get what you pay for. And the bottom line is I had a great view. Even though, you know, I was up in the up in the section 4 or 11. No, it was brilliant. But you know what? I mean, those are the only tickets I could get. And I was there. So, but let me tell you, I love that place. For just place, very clean. Now how many people they hold for a concert in there? 40,000? 20,000. 20,000. I think you're going to help 15. Right. But man, the skyboss is beautiful. I mean, that's where the money is for these people. So, but anyways, the concert was great. You know, he, he said, I mean, I, you know, I listened to him. So the kid. So, you know, to me, he's, he's it. And had a great time. Took the wife and, you know, had some food there. It was, in fact, so I think it had a good time, bro. We have an open line of date to a broadward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got a great story for you. Okay. Saturday afternoon, I'm in the Sky Lake area going for my haircut, which I do every week. And I have an hour to kill because he can't seem until five o'clock. So, there's a very, very good piece of place right around the Sky Lake area. And I've been going to three years. And I went in and as I'm driving in there, I saw a guarantee that I'm not going to have any slices ready to take out. So, I'm driving in there and I get in there and I go, without even looking over at the slice rack, I said, I'd like two slices and two diaclokes to go. So, she goes over and looks at no slices right now. I said, I want to see the manager right now. She gets the manager over. And I said, I cannot understand one thing here. This is a key to place. Why on earth are you telling me you have no slices to go right now? Well, the guy said it'll take, I don't want to go. One, two, one, 15 minutes. Well, to put a new stage right, even a slice pie in the oven cooking. I said, I wanted a one. Any business there was there anybody standing around? Yeah, it's these people over there. I wanted to see four three. Oh. I said, I want to know why every time I come in here in the last four or five times. Right. There are no slices to be picked. Now listen to this. So, I get back in my car. I have another half hour to kill before five o'clock. No, this was this back in the car wither without slices. Without the slalom, the leading. Okay. The slices. So, Neil, I go back and I do not know why I just made with this place. I go to little seizures. I'm dying for a piece of pizza. Yeah. If I get a piece of pizza, I ask, now Neil, I ask for a large diet coke. She says, we don't have any ice. I only talk. Yeah, but at least that slices. Listen to this. There is supposed to get the slices out there and get the large.coke back. You know, don't you get it? Neil, she says to me, the policy of the chain now is that we do not have ice machines in the rest of the time. I know what you talk. You mean me to tell me if you have a, let's say you have a family of twelve that comes in here that once twelve diet coke. Yeah. You mean the tell me you have no ice. Well, how expensive is it to make ice? I mean, what's the cost of making ice? That's the policy of the chain. Are they saving on the water ball? They're going to do it for you now. It was give you a can of coke or a can of whatever you want. See, yeah. You're not going there and get a cup of ice in a cup. What should it, what you were in steams? You should have asked for a cup of ice. Neil, this is what we are going through in our, in today's world. Okay. Well, thank you. We have an open line. This guy, do you wish he had his problems? Oh, do I wish I had his problems? Well, this is this guy's major problem is this slices weren't ready at steams. And they got in the license, little seasers, which anybody goes in the little seasers in the first place. Does there ever get no ice? They're not sitting down in each place as any way. They're just pick up and take home. Yeah. See, there's no place to sit on. Oh, my God. How would you like to work in one of those places dealing with people like this? Huh? How is, oh, I don't want to say because I know that there are people out there listening to me right now who work in retail. All I can say is, I have all the rough, all the pity in the world for those of you who work in retail in this town. I got the button at least here, okay? Like my good friend, watching in there, Marcy, over Walgreens, got all mighty. At least I can hang up on him. We have an open line in date, 567560, Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Where's the goddamn ice? Oh, 1255 in QA. If you're shopping for a computer system, don't settle for the two systems at the MegaStores offer you. Visit our friends at computer Renaissance, where you can actually buy a complete system. If you're going to get a job, liver or something, what about Rodney McDonald? How about her? Oh, that book of Brian, you are so depressing. I'm telling you, come sit at a bop-ba-ba-ba. I mean, don't take it personally unless you want to. But hey, you'll feel better tomorrow night with an ice cream meal. In fact, I'll bring you that check tomorrow night. It's a pizza law. How's that Brian? Is that okay? No. What, what, what am I not? Two open lines in Broward, 567560, will be drawing for the winner of those tickets at 145. You better get on the list right now, you idiot. In section 101, the opening game of the regular season, the first ever regular season game in a goddamn new macarine of their incineries, the Panthers and the very marginal Tampa Bay lightning, at least they got Rob Zamann or anyway. That's about all I got. And that kid will accommodate him. All we want to start with that, because then people say, if we want to go to number one draft pick, thank God Victor Coslov's going to be great, because if he weren't going to be great, there would be a lot of people wanting BM's ice for making that trade exchange for an ever-one draft pick, which is good Tampa got. Look like he's going to be a superstar. So come on, Victor, we don't want to put too much pressure on you, but we will anyway. And what was wrong with what I said before about Billi-Mansie and Ray Whitney? We want to see Ray Whitney naked. They're on a goddamn map panther weekly. I guarantee you might get a one share. You might get an audience for that. You idiot? There's a mobile and medley, hello. Neil? Yes sir. Neil, all day yesterday, I was watching that stupid thousand game and I was saying to everybody my house, thanks to that. And Neil, I got to say something, this is funny. It's absolutely funny. And every fort Neil, if you cut out the rep, you'd better have words to get thrown out of the game. Right? I'm going to go in. Yeah, I'm going to go in. Oh, and I was turning the radio up to see if he's still on the air. Okay, we got two open lines in day, an FU 2-Pel, two open lines in day, five six seven, five six, six the in prom five, six the on the 18-T. No picker lines. Yeah, that's what we got to have a no picker line. Here's plantation, hello. Plantation. Going once. Going twice. Thank God he was there on Saturday, too. By the way, the guy was the guy was okay. If I'd probably the guy with the eyes of the voice himself from these losers, which is why he got on his wrist behavior. Two open lines in day, county five six seven, five, six the in prom five, six the on the 18-T line. Here's a mobile in day, be hello. Neil, why do you let us come back like grammar on you, show it. I mean, it's nice. Okay, there we go again. There's that Mitch, asshole, asshole alert. Mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Painial. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you that I, from heart for Connecticut originally, and then moved up to Canada for lived in much, she all with all those French-speaking people there. All right, couple years. How adorable, it's frogs. Well, frogs actually, and I moved down here. Love hockey, there was the the only good thing about them is that they got me to love hockey, but the best thing now is that the Canadian dollar being down that down the drain. They can't come down right there. We might be able to wait for the winter. Thank God. Yeah, I was just wondering if I could stick around to be on the left. Okay, sure. Hang on. Put that coupon list. We have an open line and date one in Broward five six seven, five, six, seven, five, six the on the 18-T wireless line. The next deck is down ninety. The dollars down plenty, which if they ever put the God name, they're 168. The economy of the world is going to happen to hand mask it. And these self-righteous sanctimonious hypocrites like this, Bill McCollum, this good old boy Redneck from Florida, who's on there right now on CNN. But I mean, but about the same old card crap, same old garbage. I mean, it is clear as a bell. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to see what this whole thing is all about. And to see where the hell can stars from and all the funding for this came from. You don't have to be a genius. All you got to do is read just a little bit between the lines and around the edges. But they can't figure it out. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I would listen to the show. These people are calling about the arena. The nor arena. It's good if it's bad. I mean, come on. They were complaining about the older arena where the location of work. And now they're never happy. Here's here. They always have to have something to bitch in dollars. They know about life as a work loving. They go to a concept about the acoustic sit down and hear the damn concert. It'll care of the damn acoustic. Whatever. You know, ridiculous. Can I get on the list? Okay. Pretty weak. Where we going? Let's go to the one that's got the 400 question marks. This could be a record for question marks on one line. Okay. So it must be a little bit. But I want that one's evergreen. What is evergreen? Colorado. A mobile and evergreen Colorado with 400 question marks, hello. Nail. Yes, sir. I bought this box into a island smoke shop and evergreen Colorado. I'm down here today, but I'm still calling on a Colorado mobile just because it's only 11 cents a minute around the country. So I'm not well, right? Make a long story short. I'm walking this little Feasors in every green about a month ago. And the smoke is so thick when you walk in. You'll wonder if anybody's working there. You hear rap music so loud you can't even. I'm screaming for somebody to come out. So I can get a pizza, right? Yeah. Why don't you smoke? It wasn't pizza smoke. What are you looking at? The free crack is that what you're knocking there. It was hard to believe. I'll just say that. So I'm screaming. I'm not screaming. I'm getting loud. I'm screaming. I'm still saying the kick comes out. Let me hit the kick comes out. And he says, what would you like. And he's been in my shop before. So listen, what's going on here? The cop's walk and you guys are going to the jail. Yeah. It says, well, some guy will repeat. So he came in here. He scared us so bad. We're, this kid's raking your. He says. He's scared us so bad. And we got so stressed that we had a smoke I called. And he says this old guy's scared us so bad. So, there we have just a couple of bulls to calm down. There you go. These are 18 years old. that last piece of call I heard I did say what goes on in Colorado. And here we're listening. There are going to be a lot of people moving out there right away. Thanks for the good news. Evergreen Colorado. Who do you want to go? It ain't Amsterdam. It ain't Vancouver Woods. It's the next guy named thing. He wishes me to get the smell of water. He wishes me to get the smell of water. Some of the things that they've been around here, you run to the wall already. Not the bowl, he's talking about. We have an open line in date 560560 on the 18-T. The waterless line. All right, I'll write it with that. Cut it out. Oh, is this been something man? Let's see. Tuesday 4 today is the fifth day in the world. Seriously, I'm not going to do any injury to my self besides overeating. Well, isn't that. You just want to blow somebody's brain, just fill them all over the goddamn, all of the nice Brooks Brothers soon. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hello. Daniel? Yes, ma'am. Why isn't your TV show current at night? I beg your pardon. You know what night we watch you on TV? It's going to be crazy. It's going to be current. Are you listening to me? Are you listening to me? Yes, sir. It's going to be current tonight. I want to show. But then it's going to be often about three or four weeks. It'll be finished. No. Yes. Oh, what can we do to stop that? Nothing. The way that the way the audience could have done something to stop that was to watch at these last, though. Let's see. June, July, August, September, last four months. They could have watched it today. We were watching it. I don't know more interest. They had no more interested in watching the TV show. They may do it calling the radio show. So that's my lawyer, Laudian, shot there. Well, we're new. People didn't show up at borders on Saturday and 4 Loderedale. Where we were hoping to have a line of 200 people. And we had like 30 or 40. We're new in town. Right. Let me ask you something. Do you have that monitor? Yes. I understand that she was offered millions of dollars to be on TV. Right. Do you think maybe she could afford to get her direct clean? Maybe now. This is me. Yes. Mom. Mommy's $50. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 560560. Are you sure positive? And one in that's it. 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Let's do pizza talk. Let's hear about little Caesars. Let's hear about Steve's and our slices. Let's hear about the didn't give you no goddamn ice. Go home and get your own ice. Okay. Cheapskate. He wants ice with his can of soda. How do you like that? This guy's the ever satisfied? No. Will you want him coming in to your store? No. Please. We're begging you. Don't come to the pizza lot tomorrow night. No. In fact, if that guy shows up at the lot tomorrow, I'm going to have Jeff kick his answer. Hey. Now the TV thing was just a bit our impediment. That's the a trigger in a wood pond. That's the only thing preventing the show from being on. Not just statewide. Not just nationwide. But worldwide. All over the goddamn freaking world. Then we'd have some goddamn calls. Now that this TV, this bogus thing, I want to say those people really made a great commitment to this show. You know what? Vicki and sticky. They made a tremendous commitment to this show. Yeah. Let's slide it on over here. Stick it over there. Fill it. We were like silly putty. Stick it in the cracks. They have a little crack problem. Anywhere there's a crack. Stick it in the crack. There's a crack over there. Stick it in there. As in. All right. But hey, was there good that Joe was out there at the borders on Saturday? Was the wrong border as but was a good start? A little bit late. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, please don't call it in Mike. I just want to know your take on Jimmy Johnson. Do you think he's taking this whole running game thing a little to see? Yes, sir. I'm here. Are you doing that? Hey, the phones have been smoking all day. I've been busy all day. Have a nice day. They have. Maybe in Howard, Dave County's been comatose. I'm in North Miami. The good news, you'll be pleased to know the people in data departing. They're all getting out. If they move back to the day, the coast will be clear. Yeah, exactly. What's the reason for when we're taking you off? You're asking me? Well, you know, the readings suck because we don't have enough diaries out there. Yeah. Or machines. I mean, everybody's watching. I want to keep arguing. I'm going to I can only tell you this over the weekend. I go to Amico to get gas. They're like four people in their getting gas. Every one of them tells me they watched it. Every one of knows me number one. Number two, they watch the show. I go to public last night to the grocery to get three or four things. People in there, I've never heard of before. People I would know if, you know, they're all watching the guy name show. They all know who I am and they like it. But they can't, they cannot, they cannot find the audience for that show. They just cannot find it. Well, because there's only four and twenty seven diaries. In addition, in addition, a wits, they're doing so no promotion. There has been none. There has been zero pro. They had like one stick in billboard up there other than that. They've had no promotion. They wasted all that money in the new show on the station. But conspicuously leaves out this. He doesn't even acknowledge that we exist. Even though they were running the show twice tonight for most of the last three months. They pretend to show doesn't even exist on that guy damn thing. And it's the best show on the station. Well, there you go. I agree. Yeah, me too. Okay, pal. Can I be on the list? Sure, hang on. You bet. We have an open line of day. I mean, is it going to change my line? No, are they still going to have to pay us for next eight months or whatever it is? Yeah, so if they take it off the week here, I mean, what the hell are we going to do without Joe clunk it around with that ladder in here and then knocking things around? What are we going to do then? Plus will be upstairs anyway. See, that's an interesting part of this timing, too. Is that we're moving up to our palatial new studios up on the third floor here allegedly? Starting in November? The name probably have to like break this whole thing down. And then them all would have they do? Well, what would they do at that point? Or maybe even run some camera cables all the way from up on the third floor all the way down to here. Do you think they could handle that? No. I mean, we're talking about a major major investment of effort there, which of course, like I said, the very drilling room. Why don't here? Because there's no room for them upstairs. Like I said, while it's been a lot of fun, it certainly didn't do us any harm. Did it be such making me look like a jackass? Oh, it was pretty good. We have an open line. And I don't like being made a look like a jackass. Open line in day five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Actually, I enjoy being made look like a jackass. I love it. That's why I'm wearing these stupid beans on my head. I want to be a jackass. I'm going to do a great job of it till I don't tell me I'm not. Look who I went to work for here, huh? Talk about being a jackass. You know, Book of Ridingham have a good point. Excellent point. Well, seriously, you were occasionally with all the other depressing stuff you spue out. He said, how is it possible that these people don't care about their sponsors? And they don't. I mean, you heard these little five-year-old kids doing tags on spots that people are paying for. We can't, we can't beg. I mean, big copy out of people so that we can do an effective job for our clients. I don't want to mention Gary Sarner by name again, but especially him. And the center one thing, I mean, if we didn't just do this and make an automatic pilot project, would it ever have happened? Of course not. Of course not. You know, the old days back going all the way back to when Halcyon, I remember Halcyon, but he does. When Halcyon was there, little Halcyon over at IOD, and she used to call for the, you know, the totals. For the, here's the, a peaches, totals. Here's the totals. Those were the days. And every morning, in fact, the one day she didn't have me, she was in tears there because I made an ass out of her, whatever it was. But she was right on top of it, even at Bits, Sarah over there, who was a hard nose, but even she used to come in every day and with the eraser and put the new total up there, whether it was Camille's house or center one or whatever we were collecting for at the time to try to do something good in the community. Besides, I just be on here and try to flee some money out of everybody, which most radio stations do. And we come over here and we beg them, hire Tracy Keroset. And this guy is a good guy. He's a great promotions guy. He's done the dolphin thing before the network. He's done the center one thing. Oh, yeah, that sounds like a great idea. And then behind our back they're going, oh yeah, like we're going to pay him. Are they going to pay him? No, they're going to really pay somebody to do a job. No. No, they got, they got the relatives in here. They got the nephew. And they got Sam, which ain't it. They're quite a thing. Got the stuff out there. The boarders, that's about all. They showed up there Saturday at the right place. And that was about it. But they involved in, you know, getting this. And now poor Carol over there, it's said, now she's the pivot man. Now she's the one that's got to do all the work that the promotions person who doesn't exist here on his radio station should do. So they didn't care about their sponsors. They don't really care about what's on the year. They don't care about the center one campaign. They don't care about anything. They just want to work right. See, they ought to get out of A.M. Just like the Cox people did. Just get those FM's flush stations like Power 96 and coast and how 105. And crank out the hits with an S with two S's. Because they don't give a good. They're not interested in going through the effort of really being a real radio station. It's a joke to them. So pay them in the ass. Then he's and they've got a bunch of, especially in the sales department of such a spoiled fool's of working in there. I don't want to mention Gary Sarner again who've been allowed to just do whatever it only wanted for years and years and years. And nobody ever said, hey, guess what? This is half past, Mr. Putting a bunch of three year old kids on here to do. Hey, go down here. Yeah, we put that Lenny kid on. I don't want to knock him because he may be a pretty good guy. Well, I don't know who knows anything about him, huh? Tonight on the hysterical channel, famous radio miles towards a real active radio's greatest moments performed by the mochi talented Leo Dynamo. Lenny Margez. Yeah, there you go. We have it open line in date 560505060 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, man. I knew this one's in the East of one loyal female listener. Great. You're it. Um, maybe I know this? No. We have it open line in date one in Broward 567. What are you laughing about? She's going to be on the list for saying that. I'm just calling and sucking around. I got plenty of women out there. Okay, including a couple of called here and had something to say today. Can I be on the list? Another lady for a free loader market down. Okay. They won't talk to me for a lover money this women. What I got something to give away, boy. All of a sudden, just like somebody said Saturday at our parents' borders, isn't it interesting to see the difference in the way the caller is behave when you got something to give away? Then all of a sudden, everybody's real friendly. Hey, we love you. You're the best at TV show. It's great. Can I be on a guy damn list? But when we got nothing to give away, you suck you, set of you. No good money. Yeah, like a jury's finger show. That's it. Just one after another. We have an open line in date one in Broward. You only got 24 minutes until we start doing that drawing for these goddamn tickets. Section 101 there. Opening the first game ever in the history of the first real regular season game in the history of the macarina. And I got open lines on here. And I'm pushing date County all day. Feel like Jackie Bales, I feel like a Jimmy Carter, like I'm pushing push in Bosnia or some crap like that. Push in phone lines on here. So I got a management top stare that doesn't give a crap. We got the whammy people are like in the twilight zone. That wouldn't know a goddamn TV station to be stuck at an air echo. We got that. And then we got an audience who also it must be catching. They're also so indifferent that it's terrifying. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That was the bad plot to wake that jury spring a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, he's a real motherf***er. Yes, me. You thought there's seven border stores have your city? Eight. Like that, non. They're up in Orlando. They're not there, but I work like next to borders. I went in there, sorry, not at $40 to your total. Well, thank you. That's great. There's something out my two CDs. You can't put it. All right. Excellent. I'm going to actually some radio question there. Oh. Yeah. How happy trails are whatever. Anyway, Ron and Fels are on in the local market again. Yeah. And last week on real radio, they had Dylan because they were on vacations and rather in Tate. Yeah. Who they had on the air, brought in. She would come and do things. It was Aaron. Oh. Aaron slumber was on air. Correct. Oh, what a suck past. That must have been so embarrassing with you, too. Yeah. It's rock. And you know who her mentor is. Yeah. Oh, it's real. Oh, I don't know. Why are you putting a lot of people on the street? I mean, I'm very grateful to skies. I'm a lawyer, listener. He went up there and gave us the $40% of one. He's going to love the CDs. But we just can't get that message across. Do we care about the people from Orlando? No. The radio people. No. We care about the Tampa people since there aren't any. We care about them. No. Here's a Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got this. Okay. About that asshole they called about it. What do you want? I've got about the pizza crisis. Oh, yeah. Okay. I work at a pizza joint in Western. Okay. I've all placed as a bunch of rich, rich, rich, rich, rich. All they wanted to free the anyway. Okay. And I got a, you know, a misicent manager. So they called me up and they're like, oh, you know, it's too hot, too cold. We get just as many calls saying it's been there too soon as too late. I mean, what's that about? And then you have to have two soon? Yeah. They're like, well, you said we're going to be third. Yeah. My right. There's only one thing I can think of in life that can happen too soon. It's not getting your pizza. Yeah, right? Anyway, and then I got to sit there and kiss their ass. I got to say, yes, they're new through. Would you like to, if I go someplace and I don't like to product, I don't like the service. I'm not going to do, I'm not going to go back there. I'm not going to go back there. I'm going to do a boat to favor. If you don't like it, don't come back. Right. I'm going to suck around for anything. If I want something all by myself. Yeah, I'm going to suck around for anything. If I want something all by myself. Yeah, I'm going to. Okay. See. Okay. Let's hear it for that poor guy. That's to put up with all these assholes out there. Oh, they didn't have my ice and they didn't have the slices ready when I wanted. Boy, oh, boy, oh boy. This kid did this kid couldn't have been too spoiled, but he was a kid, could he? Uh-huh. He's down on his own toys when he was a kid. He probably had everybody in the neighborhood's toys, too. Like about two years ago. Jesus. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. It's kind of hard to follow that last color, but I'll play you a white. I was at the concert last night. And it was just great. Thereino, it's great. And you know what? I was just standing right behind Elton John. We were in the second 3.26. You can see all the flavors right there in the front road. The on crazy. On the screeners. Oh, crazy. Crazy, crazy, crazy. But it was a really good time. It's really, really, really great. And I'm just glad that I just have like one pair. Actually compared to the Miami arena, which was, it was all clocked up, even just across the street from the parking lot. It was a nightmare. And now we got this big spacious, beautiful place with every amenity you could ever want. There's no question about it. They still got nothing but complain. I mean, you just can't complain to one with the other. I mean, I mean, I mean, maybe arena, please. I'll be just a drive down there for those of us who live in Brower. Just a drive down there and back was enough to make you want to blow your brains out. And you know what, look, the people were from Brower. You think it was a wheel like me. We're going to the hockey game. No, no. But I'm, well, anyway, in close your nail. Hey. I just think that this is the best thing for Brower County. And I'm just happy today. It's over here. Okay. You take care of the old. I'll see you there. We have two open lines in Brower. In 26 past the out. I mean, we got like 19 minutes to go before we do the drawing. This year gets my tickets for opening night in the brand new macarina. Campus in the attempt of a lightweight. Are they all up tight about that? No, it worked out to a frenzy. How they fall on over each other? Get to the phone? No. They don't care. Don't you understand? They don't care. Even for free now, it's become old head. Maybe if we put in 500 bucks for food. Speaking of food, if you're looking for a 50-wildest line, we got to move along here, man. Here's a mobile and Marguid. Hello. Yes, sir. It's up to call. Bring on. I'm Saturday. My death stuff. The pleasure to make a donation. Thank you so much. I want to say, part one is great. Part two is the tactical. Sensational. That's what I tell everybody. Especially putting in your own stuff, that we have the right. Every other bit. And unedited. Unedited. Right. One other thing. Please. I beg you. Don't put remoron anymore. What? You can do it. If information that he gave before was so ponderous and you. Was that unbelievable? I mean, he calls back. And I'm sitting here just my life is splashing in front of my eyes. And I'm thinking, well, there must be something that happened. We're putting on it. And he calls back to tell us basically that nothing happened. And he's going to just say nothing happened. He has to go through the list of these Martian names of people that haven't been born yet of embryotic anonymous people. You know, if he said that mower was gone or partnered with Ryan, then we would have had a party right? Yeah. We can't be in the street with mower guy. He's got this guy named Shabbat from the Kabat house. Yeah. You put. Please don't put him on anymore. Okay. Bet your life on it. Oh. Oh, yeah. We got to do another hockey show. Oh, my God. Ponderous. This is not hockey town. What's the point? It would be like going up to a cali-wit and doing a show on soccer. What's the point? Be like going to the middle of God Day and the Siberian. Doing a goddamn show about the Shini hockey. Oh, they played up there? Okay. Well, they got in the prime of the only one that much else to do. Man, he is a scary, you know. Good guy in his own bizarre way. And I'm still trying to figure out what that is. But he can chase an audience the way faster than Mike Spindell. I'm the, the, the, the music that we play to, uh, I think you've got a lot better. Yeah. I play music to intentionally try to get the audience to call just so that they want to get the music off. And he works better than any day the week. In fact, since he made his second call, you notice every line on the board is smoking. Since he made that second call. Please, they're begging. Please don't put him on again. We'd rather hear Jersegaek farting for four hours that he'll remember again for 10 seconds. Or then I chopped that off. Jersegaek. Yeah. Yeah, he was chopped off. He didn't even enjoy. 21 before two at three. He, he, he, he, he. What's this obsession with hope? Yeah. Okay, 144, we're getting re-promadness over here, crap. But I put it. Oh, it's not. I'm trying to do our drawing, I guess, for my two tickets. That's that's 57 bucks a piece. That's 114 bucks plus the parking pass to preferred park. That's about $130 worth of crap and only cost whoever wins it about 200 bucks per food for the two of you. So what's other complainin' about? And I'm giving him a wikker so I'm not gonna be here. Friday, Friday night, 730. Panthers in the 10th of a lightning. There'll be a big show. That's what I'm a big thing to win for. I mean, an exhibition game. There were exhibition games. I tried to tell you that. There was nobody watching this exhibition hockey games. There's no intensity. There's no meaning. It's like a dill at around. It's like one step away from watching a skimage. What's the real stuff starts in any sport? Then you got something to hope for. Hop. That being the upper to the board. Are we getting that peer or shallvets? Are we getting them? Okay, now let me draw one of these out of my own. Look at this. Out of the neola with the, oh, what he. You're on the. Well, all the exploders on it. The blue one. Hey, better start taking notes by the way, because that whammy thing's going off about November 5th. So for this next money better take notes which day he had to ride. That's the blue shirt today. So you know, it's the right day because we're doing it tonight. He's got the brown yarmac on one of the neola fish symbol on it. And the winner of the hockey ticket. Now, see, didn't you didn't put a. Why do you do that? You didn't put a line under days of the, I guess it's a six, okay? Or is it a nine? Well, they did look different. Is that a six? Yes, you're positive. Well, wait a minute. Let me just find the nine here first. Okay. The nine has a stick in the six is all curvy. The nine has a stick. Oh, yeah, you're right. Okay, number six whoever was number six. Well, must be Patrick Lourne. Huh? Norma. Norma. Norma. Oh, Norma. No, Norma. No, Norma. Okay, Norma. When it don't say the name on the air, okay, they're guys to say the name of the crowd. All right. I'll take it. That was official round not  ground. A he Spot cut. How long will he be at the grandigns next door? Ready for my cut. I don't need. I mean, so good. Well, you did well. Well, yeah, true. That's really good, but yeah, I totally shouldn't be armed for him. This zie. So, we can't say. Combined game memory. Sorry. Well, we could imagine that when we got out, This is a mission to this game up there. Don't he still doing here? Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Yes sir. Oh yeah. Okay. I don't know whether you checked out. I'm the subject too. I tested. Okay. He still has caught him. Oh, it's broke for us. What about the temporary that that intermediate trading deadline that they put in there? That's the past. They can start making a lot of trades. It'll happen. I guarantee it. Because if you got the club parking, you don't know about the other parking. For me, just it's about a few yards. You take the first left turn. You're right there. There's the traffic light. You're right back on 136th. Panther Parkway. You're right there. Because it blocked off. We went to the first game. I can't walk. And they blocked off. Overly. It took one lane going. Southbound 130th. Right. Well, what's up? They did that that night too. But luckily, we left after one period because it's an exhibition.