I know that. Oh, I'm up to you. All right, well, I'm listening to the hate. Have a great day, nice day. I just need to cringe. Talk to Bigel. Okay, and have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is your buddy from the hockey game. Well, this is that asshole Mitch. Oh, no. I'm not interested in you. Okay, asshole. Here's the guy. I wasn't even going to mention this because I don't want to dignify him. I don't want to dignify him with his comment. This is one of the reasons it's so hard for me to talk about hockey all the way. Well, for a couple of months in a bit here about this Peter Royal business. But this guy, we go there. The very first night. Here's the beautiful arena. We go in there. It's it's just spectacular. Remember comes by and says, hello. I see some of my old friend. But who's the first person that comes over. Is this asshole? The walks up to me. Do you know who I am? See, that's like that very jackass thing in Toronto with the airport up there. As soon as somebody says, do you know who I am? You know, beyond a shadow of a doubt. He's an asshole. Right. Because what does that mean? Do you know who I am? No, I don't know who you are. It looks like just some ordinary puts me and it's this Mitch guy chronic. He stands there for ten minutes. Oh, you're on the reason you've got ratings. I said, how did I survive all those years before you showed up here? He's the reason I've got ratings. No, you're the reason I've got hamorrids. That's what you are. I'm not interested. Okay. Well, not talk to you. You're a puts. You're a jackass. Nobody wants to talk to you. You're worse than Annie from Hollywood. You're worse than Greg from Poison Beach. Now, poor thing. Lucy, where ever to hell, he might go. That's right. That's that's Mitch. He is the ultimate. He's the worst. The guy with the eyes is a picnic. He redeemed him. No, seriously. We can forgive the sinners. He redeemed himself on Saturday. He's a great guy. He's a sensational guy compared to you, Mitch. You're a missfit. You're a puts. You stood there for ten minutes and butt that bat. And you know, something by the time the ten minutes was over. You're still didn't say a goddamn thing. You're another guy with no life who wants to play off of using this radio show to give yourself an identity. You don't need this show because whether without this show, you're still a puts. So you don't need me to have an identity. You know, nothing about what you're talking about. You have nothing to contribute. And I had even said to you, if you call a show and you want to talk about, you know, like I'm like a men and talk some hockey. That would be a breath of fresh air. But he doesn't want to do that. He wants to be a little celebrity. Oh, you know, who this is? Yeah, real asshole. Anybody going to talk hockey on his show? I'm the one who'll talk it because I'm the only one in his town. And they're pretty much those. What's going on? Outside of the people associated with the organization. And some of them don't know what's going on. Poio, boy, boy. I'm telling you, I'm, you know, something. Then putting that show on last night at 10 30 the Monday show instead of the one from yesterday. That's the greatest service that they've ever done to me over there. That's the last time I'm actually meant by the way. But that because it may just started the wheel spinning in my head. I said to myself, what, what am I getting all been out of shape about this for? I don't give a crap about Maddie, Leshum. I don't give a crap about these people if they call or they don't. You know, you just like last night, you know, I come in this morning. I said to George, what a hell of a crowd there last night at the appeal. He says, oh, yeah, and he's thinking of the three or four misfits that showed up there last night. I'm thinking of four. That's all there were. Now I'm talking about real. I'm talking serious misfits. Okay. Sirius. Besides Jeff Cohen. Sirius misfits. As a poet, and then, but the overwhelming majority, which there was a hell of a lot of living and breathing young people there last night that was one guy from you, a van. You a van, no less. I couldn't believe it. I didn't think we had anybody at the U of M listing the show. Because anybody who listens to the show knows what I think about the U of M after years and years of experience with that whole organization on it. All right, guy. In blow, right. But this guy was like a bright living and breathing guy. I had young people coming over to me saying, hey, listen, don't ever stop a doing what you're doing. It's great. And don't ever let anybody muzzle you and you know, okay, it was great. So that's the way I looked at it. Not that we had like three or four misfits there. Or five or six or seven or eight. Are you counting Alfred two? Three, I thought. Boy, I see getting big. Now we love you, but God, are you a giant in the porno industry? Ten minutes after 11 at five, six, six, eight. Ow. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Uh, this is Hank Hill on music. I just heard that song by Barronaked Ladies called One Week. First off, let me just say this. Slow down. I couldn't understand almost nothing. I think you said something about Chinese chicken and then I heard the word sushi. What the hell? Now I know why you call it one week. It took me that long to decipher the first line. Oh, I'm hate kill on music. Thank you. I think weak was the opposite word. Okay, it's 11, 16 at five, 60, WQA, I'm on a really neat Wednesday. Here's I start reorganizing and putting my life back together again. Don't forget Sam, the promotion man. He'll be at our QAM van. Be looking for it. At the Hooters at Pines and University. He's got T-shirts. He's got Neil Buttons, George is better than Tapes buttons and Ricky Agleis. He's got his posters, T-shirts, pictures, and maybe some old staying underwear. And who knows what else he's got hiding there in the truck. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Are you doing Neil? Okay. May I give you some insight into the acting side because I've been on a couple of times in my life. Give me some insight into what? I lost 65 pounds in about three and a half months back when I was in my 30s. Yes. It's called the drinking man's diet. And I've met Bob back into that I just recently did it again a lot of 30 pounds. And what I do is I don't stay on the diet but I really restrict my carbohydrates. I've gotten back to eating some fruits that are low in sugar. I eat a bagel I scoop it out and I don't need pasta. But you don't have to stay in that ketosis state and maintain your weight of that. No, of course not. I mean, painting it for about three years now. Right. So that's the assessor that those are the killers the assess sugar and starch those are the killers. Yeah, but you can still take a small amount of it if you still keep your carbohydrates. I try to keep it down under about 80 or 90 a day. Yeah. 80 or 90. I think that's three or four hundred before. 80 or 90 that's after you lose the weight. You're not going to lose any weight to an 80 and I lost the weight. Right. So that is that's allow me to I was talking about your call. I called about how we love the bagel. I just scoop it out if I eat it. It's not fruit juice in the morning. It's not pie sugar fruits and all that kind of stuff. It's possible to enjoy everything that you want until maintain your weight on this diet. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I had a chance to meet the last class that people off. I was a pleasure meeting you. I think it's a great thing you're doing with the council one. Yes, I am. And I hope you're going to see again. I'd want to do a pipe. Okay. Right. Thank you so much. I'm going to set a set of what number you can go order your best to me. I'll see these in cassettes by calling them directive. You like nine five four five six three thirty six hundred nine five four five six three thirty six hundred. I would give you the real good information about it. You know, around our website. You'll got dot com. But unfortunately, and maybe he might be listening to us today. Or maybe we might send a search party out. You know, I hate to knock him because he did such a great job for us. Put that website on there. I mean, no, stupidious job for free. Holy old Benito. But he's found a life and he's doing other things. And he's not doing his computer stuff anymore. But we're supposed to be in touch with George. He's last couple of days since the first week of our campaign is basically coming to an end in a couple of days. And I would love to have that on there on our website. But unfortunately, you won't find it on there on our website because we can't find Holy old. Does anybody know where holy is? No. I'm not talking about just any ordinary pedestrian holy. I'm talking about holy open eight to anybody seen him. No. Anybody heard from anybody can find him. No. Not a search party. Come on. Let's go. Because that's really. Can you imagine how much we could be reckoned. We got people listening all over the goddamn world. On the audio net and people checking out the website. We need to get that on there. Like today would be good. Holy, oh, I just mentioned that in passing. We don't want to screw up your busy life that you got to be alive. Now that's great. And our next appearance by the way, will you on Saturday, October 31st, Halloween day. At Benin Jerry's an adventurer between two and four PM. Or are they going to be picking out a Benin Jerry on that day for Halloween? Hmm. They're going to be doing their New York Superfudge chunk in their fish food. And they're chocolate the cherry Garcia frozen yogurt. And I'll be watching. Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. What's up, Neil? How are you doing? Okay, sir. I was just, I heard it's something that how we're getting in trouble or something. And I was wondering if you could elaborate because I haven't been able to watch the night. I don't know anything about it. No. I just put like a glimpse of it last night on the news, whatever. A glimpse of what? What are they saying? They said that he was setting up calls, call through something, fake calls, and some of his radio stations might use it as things used to drop them. Hmm. And I don't know. I thought you would know about it. I have died of pain or attention to how it. He gets a lot more of the all the publicity he needs and then some without my help. I know. Okay. No, no, hold on. Nothing. Talking about your students, I'm a student also. I'm a lost student there. And I've been listening to you forever though. And one point. Did I just call them up? Prune juice? That's Prune juice? Yeah. That guy that was giving him is dieted out of the, how to use it. He said Prune juice? Yeah. Yeah. That's just a perfect elaboration of the Howard. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. We have two open lines in day one and Bradford, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the Mobile One line. So the National Hockey League is reviewing the racial incident. Here's a big story by David Jane Yelofall. People who tends to be a little dark and Plect of himself. And it's interesting because he doesn't put like a defensive spin on this. This is a guy who wears his Afro Conner Al uniform and is who's on Shaco to all the Panther games to cover them for the hero. But evidently isn't quite as militant and some of his, because he kind of from his perspective in here says this is much to do about nothing. And maybe I'm reading into it. Okay. But at any rate, it says the NHL is interviewed all participants and Fridays alleged racial incident involving Panther's forward to a well and Panther base, Darcy Tucker and St. in the currenty, but doesn't expect to reach it as soon as they date. When I told them, they asked a well. When I told them is what I knew which is nothing. Said well, well, a 21 year old black Canadian. I didn't hear anything. I didn't see anything. I don't know exactly what happened. Here in a wavals, he don't know. He didn't hear nothing. He's not the one that's all been out of shape about it. And the Panther's didn't videotape the game but Tampa Bay did. The Panther said they wanted a copy to send a colon, Campbell, the NHL's disciplines are to review the attack and Ford's Rob Needamar by Tampa's Andre Nazarov. Nazarov. Tampa sent a tape all the way source as the tape is foggy during the third period. It's a little on the foggy side. But it goes on to say from the press box at the top of the 8,000 seat Jacksonville Colosseum. And this is David Jane Neil right in this. It appeared that after Nazarov jumped Needamarov with the series of cross checks and punches to the back of the head, a pile up and suit against the far boards in the floor to zone. Meanwhile at the bench, Warrell and McCarthy began jogging each other, saying to be McCarthy by the way being the Boone of Tampa Bay. He used to play for Calvary. The argument continues and they were given each ten misconduct. Tucker was already in the Tampa Bay box. As Warrell and McCarthy continued their debate, Tucker put each of his hands under the same armpit. Like this, under the same side armpit, which I don't know if it's a side armpit. You have armpits anywhere that on your side. I don't think like this. It goes on to say that Jescher was read by Brian Murray to be a ton of Warrell as an ape-like creature, but says David Jane Neil from the press box. It also resembled Charlie Nicky and he arrived as chicken. Isn't that what people usually do like that? Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, like that. That means chicken. It doesn't mean ape-like. Wait until you hear the rest of this. I think maybe BM is Luzina. He should get a little bit carried away. Which it says that the Charlie Nicky and the Charlie Nicky are like indication that a rival is chicken, which is how the lightning leader said they felt about real not fighting. Tucker also stuck an index finger in his mouth repeatedly, which Murray thought was making fun of Warrell as a banana eating ape. Now keep in mind, this isn't the tap of big guys saying this. This is Brian Murray's interpretation of the event that took place on the ice up there in Jacksonville. He thought it was making fun of Warrell as a banana eating ape. So they're doing like this, right? Yeah, like chicken because you won't fight the big guy. And like that, like a meaning choke is what I would interpret to me. But Brian Murray's sheesh, it's making fun of him as a banana eating ape. Lightning general manager for us, Pazito, who's a real asshole by the way, called the incident and attempted games been chipped by the Panthers. This is typical Panthers bowl, he said they're trying to get us off our game because we're playing them in the opener Friday night. So it's Brian Murray who's sharing all of these things. That it's a racial incident. I mean, that line. I can't believe that anybody would save that. Tucker also stuck an index finger in his mouth repeatedly, which Murray thought was making fun of Warrell as a banana eating ape. If I went like, ah, ah, what? To you, would you think that I'm saying that you're a banana eating ape? No. Is that the message there? No. If you did it. Oh yeah, that's true. Banana eater. On the banana eater, I'm sorry. I think else. Okay. Here's a mobile and cross-praying, hello. More and nicer. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. You know, if anybody knows about hockey, it's you, you're the man. I'm the maven. You're the man. Hey, I'm going to get off that subject. You remember that, uh, quickly? Okay, the biggest deal with Bob Lincoln, think it was. Bob Lincoln, yeah. Here's your link. Yeah, yeah. Don't call him up at any eating ape, just because he's the missing link. Because he didn't pay for the gas. We got stuck in the airport. Oh, I remember. I know the room deal. Are you playing in another deal with him or... I'm not planning another one of those deals with him with anybody, uh, anytime in my lifetime. No chance. Okay, I got another question for him. Those two, those three trips we did to Vegas. In fact, I should be put away for the fact that he did a second one. And then to do a third one with that rocky rent to Rio, whatever your name was. I mean, I must have had out of my mind off my rocker. Well, once we got off the plane, we had a hell of a dream. Yeah, once we finally got there with sensational, right? God, I remember that. Uh, do you think that we have a chance to legalize gambling with anyone in these candidates that's, uh, no? No. No. No. No. No chance. No chance. No. Oh, we got to find somebody, then. Okay, good luck to you, Palcine Vegas. That's, uh, going to find luck. I'm not going to happen, man. This is like the guy that called me before about Jeff Bush. I know it's the pressing, it's something you don't want to accept. It is not going to happen. Read my lip, okay? The ones that doesn't have a little cold surrounded. Read my lip. Okay, it's a cold floor. We're not going to get no casino gambling in this state because it's a backwater state. There's run by a bunch of Bible-fumping red next and buy a bunch of old parts who don't want us to interrupt their, uh, the stranglehold they have on his town. That was one of the great parts of our appearance at Pizza Lothlast. The median age was, I would say, I'd like 25 or 30. The people that showed up there. Did we have hardly any old parts there last night? No. I'd like maybe a couple living and breathing people under the age of 100. I said, this is great. These are the people I want to talk to. Not the old people that got 40 pounds of cotton batten between their cheek, Rectom, whichever cheeks it might be. Forget about that. I wasted my time with that for about five minutes. Here's. I knew I had blue lips, can that's it done? Help me with my blue lips. It's 11, but like I said, don't take no lip from anybody. That's my philosophy on this show. Love a QAL. Pretty to a five or sixty. WQM got hang from a Schultelstake 2-et. These people like that got your tell me, but I got to get those people on the ear. The old crusty fart, the one that's getting the injunction and a little judge with a mustache and a wrinkly ear. That's right. Give me off the ear. I love that. I love those people, just like that Christian lady that called a few days ago. Those are my favorite callers of all time. Those are the best. Because when you stop and you listen to those people, you realize that they're sort of viable. That they need to be in a rubber room someplace. It's like the dog that sits out there, being at the moon, howling and screaming, hoping that he can make the moon go away. Instead of like just a dittler around, sticking his tail up in ear and walking in the other direction, and going on with his life, he sits there screaming at the old moon. Hoping it'll go away. And I'm not going anywhere. So find something else. Find another occupation. Go read the Bible. Go hand out Bibles to dying people. The hospitals. Go out there and spread the word. Go to the jungles of our Africa. The deepest darkest jungles of Bangladesh. And hand the people out there to the good book. To get them the words. To save them. Before it's too late. Do something constructive. Just like I told that they am Christian bitch. But by the way, I think did try to take it up the record. It's having a good time, which is why we didn't hear from her anymore. And she made promo. There you go. You too can make promo. If you're entertaining as she was. That's right. You know, that was my favorite. Oh, oh. Yeah. In fact, that's what she said when she said. Oh, yeah. That's right. Oh. But you notice you said it with kind of like an enjoyable signar. Like, oh, it hurts so good. You know, that kind of thing. So I think she's going to be doing a lot of that. And if you keep doing that, it's with her. You'll be burned at Lake of Fire. Take a mistake about that. See, it's very simple. There's a felonifact. We're going to get the button guy came by by the way. Our button guy. What's his name? Jeff. Jeff. Jeff. I haven't seen you in so long. He's a great guy. Jeff, our button man. He made up some great buttons, which have the picture of the front of the cover of our best of CDs with the little center one heart logo with the one inside. We need to him to make up some buttons that say D and H. I'm starting a new religion. We're going to make bumper stickers and buttons. You know how they have the little fish? We'll do our own. It says D and H. That's my religion. Oh, seriously. You heard of D and A, which of course is the fiber of which all I've got. The fiber of which all life is made. The NH means do no harm. That's it. Very simple. That's all he needs doesn't cause any money to join. You don't have to believe in any saviors, any super natural people, any creatures, any little goblins from Mars. Do no harm. That's it. Very simple. Now let's move on with life. And stop arguing about a bunch of bullcraft. See, you're not going to heaven. You're not going to hell. There's no such thing as life after death. Take the flower. Take that little seed and take that flower and you watch it germinate and you watch it, you know, grow. It blooms and it blossoms and it grows into a beautiful thing. And man, it starts like a wilting a little bit. And then it starts getting older and decaying and rotting. And then it dies. It dies. It dies. Die dying with dies. And that's, you know, that's a microcosm of what the life of all living things on earth is. Some things have long lifespan, some things have short lifespan. That's it. That's what it's all about. Anybody tells you you're going to be up there and head and didle them with the angels up there. I got news for you. Maybe Tim Samman and Jim, what's his name? Edmunds are going to be up there. Those are the only angels you'll be running into. And not JT, he's always playing for the giants now, okay? No angels. Nobody planned little harps and nobody's sitting there going, Oh God, you're good. Oh God, for the rest of their eternity. I mean, eternity is a long time. They keep threatening with this health thing where you're going to burden a lake of fire for eternity. I mean, this alternative also on that good to me either. Praise in God for all eternity. Oh God, you're good. You're good. You're good. You believe me. You're good. You're good. That's something I know. You're good. Forever. What's have left now? You're good. You're good. Don't stop now. Just keep going. It's all a bunch of crap. So knowing, of course, that people have this tremendous fear of death, we come up with all these bubble mice who's all these fairy tales. And then we charge them a lot of money. We make it into a big business. And then we use it as a big, you know, as a way to justify a bigotry and put one group against the other. And fill a lot of people who refuse to come into our, believe our bubble mice. And this has been going on like the guy who called before, but now we're go like he said since the beginning of recorded times. It's the event of the first guy damn stupid religion. This has what's been going on. You don't need this. Do no harm. You don't hurt anybody. You don't take anybody's property. You don't hurt anybody's person. That's it. That's all very simple. Do we need anything else? No. I mean, if you can do some good things along the way, that's fine. But that's your prerogative. You just want to be a smuck who just goes through life. Fine. Just don't do any harm. That's the religion. And if everybody in the world would abide by my religion, which I just articulated to you for the ten-rated time, we'd have no wars. We'd have no persecutions. We'd have no hatred. Everybody would just do their thing. And look at all of the resources we would have. I mean, we can't even get the tax money from these figures. Look at all of the resources that are being wasted on his bullcrap, the subsidized figures and snake oil salesmen, that we could speed all the starving people in the world and educate the people and do something about the planned parenthood and have like, you know, not 5 billion people crawling around on the face of your and 2.5 billion them starving to death. What a concept. What a concept. Oh my God. Right. Exactly. Do no harm. Seriously. I'm going to have cards and the buttons. And the bumper stickers made up with that. Instead of these stupid little truck lights with the fish on their car, I'll give me a break with that crap already. Where you? Speaking of truck, I just can't bring any of that in here because I'm eating lunch at Mommy's today. Usually it's Tuesday. This week it's Wednesday. Because I was at the law class. So don't be bringing no food in the here. Mr. Food, please. Mr. Rappenney, please. Up a pusher. So how do you wind up doing last night? QA. I can't have an orgasm just driving down 95. What a guy here is a new day. Some people call it a barn dance. I call it a dirty square dance. Up with the pity gold down with the fence. In with the finger everybody's dancing. Girls wind the rags on up against the walls. Guys with the horn on promenade doll. Girls, great reporters. Permit by the balls. Drag them down the way for the halls. Make them holler. Make them shout. What you pretty as up against is now. First lady goes to the lady pants. Third lady finger up the horse guys. I guess. Finger out. Romani dolls. Now release the horse guys ball. Now with the pedico up with the pants. This is the end of the dirty square dance. I think the football player meets the rich pride. 11.44.5.60. WQM. Just another spy report. The old fart called George again out there. Which week can you get him on a year? We're breaking the middle of a commercial break. We get him out tomorrow. That's the hero tomorrow. They're going to report that he's dying of aid. That's the news to us. We know that I'm losing a lot of weight. Yeah, right. I only wish I was losing a lot of weight. Let's go to a vocah. Hey, bro. Hey. This is a vocah. Yes sir. Good news. My brother is getting married. And the whole wedding party is going to Vegas for the honeymoon. Oh! Oh! Man, we're going to have a good time. I'm looking for a good. I've been there, but I can't wait to go back. And we're just going to live and breathe amongst some, having people and people having a good time. People having a good time. People with big smiles on their posts. Have it a great time. That's right. Walking around in the middle of the night, not worrying. Right? So I can't wait. And I just wanted to say that no matter what they do to you down here as far as give you our time, you've got a tremendous amount of people around out on the road all the time. And you've got more listeners than you can imagine. And I can shake my thing at. And we all enjoy it. And just wanted to give you my support. I'd have a great time, pal. Thanks a lot. Yeah. You see what got that old guy that old codger fired up again. You know, he's pissed off and fired up the timing of it. After I went through my very common sense, think, and this gets them psychotic. You can't say that. It makes too much sense. That's what he's really saying. You can't say those things because it's too simplistic, and it messes up our plans. Remember what Tessio said in Godfather 1, that screws up all my plans. Can't go selling. And that's what this guy's all about. I'm a shape about because it's very simple. You don't need all these fairy tales. You don't need to charge you somebody a bunch of money to rip you off so that you go on a wind up going to heaven or all this other bullcraft. And get saved from some evil, destructive, hateful God. That wants you to burn in sufferage, etc. So for the rest for eternity, which is one of the sickest concepts that anybody, any rational, I mean rational, are we talking rational? No. Any person could come up with. People in the jungle, we got to get them to work because if they don't get the word in time, they're going to wind up and out. Well, did they have any choice? No, but don't confuse us with the facts. Do, no harm. Period. And leave people alone and stop being so hateful and obnoxious and judgmental and bigoted. That's what we're asking. Is it going to happen? No. Of course not. Just like in Northern Ireland, every part of the world that you look at, most of the strife, most of the conflict that's going on today and through the ages. And from now until the guy damn planet is blown up, is because of bullcraft. Because people want to be sheep, they want to be led down the garden and they want to be a path with a bunch of horse crap. They want to walk around with those stupid beans on their head. And they want to walk around and worship a guy with a dress on. Because the number of people in this world, especially in this country, you want to think for themselves. You could put on a symbol and have room for that badass old part that keeps calling everyone for him leftover in there. Which would be a good place for him. We could call him Thimbelino. So just keep getting all bent out of shape and upset because that's your revolutionary duoharm. Just leave people alone. Just don't mess with their property. Don't mess with their own person. I mean, we'll draw the line at insects. Self-defense and insects. For wild animal comes into your home, kill it. Okay, even Bob Barker, I think my go along with that one. Cockroaches and mosquitoes. Well, oh, too bad, see you later. Send them to skier heaven. But other than that, any other higher life form than once we get above the insects, have some respect for it. Leave it alone. Do no harm. I heard it. I heard it beyond guide them. International TV on CNN right now. It's the least stupid bitches on their talking economy. Which they know nothing about. I heard it beyond their right now. Preaching a good word. The simple word. Ten minutes. It's always should give me ten minutes on there. And I'll tell them what real life is all about. Do no frickin' harm. D.N.F.H. Can't put the F in air because then Matthew will get upset. Oh, sorry. Look at the talk about him again. D.N.H. So basically, and I'd like one person by the way, I challenge you. And I know you won't be able to do it. I've challenged one person. What do you mean? This is out there. They're calling me and tell me what. That's wrong. To tell me what's wrong with that is a philosophy for life for all living and breathing people all over this planet. That we couldn't survive in hell of a lot better. And make this a guide them instead of an outdoor in Sainah, Solomon. Make it into a real paradise where people can actually be happy and be fed and live alone instead of the madness that goes on here. People with a gun, the gun, that's an assuding and the killing. And the people who's making babies like rabbits and their kids are walking around. Two-year-old kids wandering around in the middle of the street. These are all the new stories we got. Because mommy and daddy are busy doing a drug deal or whatever to help mommy and daddy are busy and do it. If there is a mommy and a daddy. Which in America now, maybe there's a mommy, maybe there's a daddy. Maybe there's not either one of them. I mean, if Jody Foster's having a baby, God only knows what's going to happen next. Huh? Maybe Steve Jones is going to have a baby. Not his wife. He's not just him. Maybe Steve's going to have a baby. Because that's what America's all about. Madness. I'm not the crazy one. You people are to pull in this crap. You're the crazy one. You're out of your mind. Believe in that this is the way that supposedly civilized people are supposed to live. Kids being thrown into dumpsters in the pizza ovens. Just like that bitch on that old bag of the condiments. Oh yeah. When they tell her there's a body in the dumpster in the back of her belt. Oh yeah. We're playing bridge. We're playing my genre. But don't you understand? There's a dead. Oh yeah. There's a dead body rotting in your dumpster. Oh yeah. But we're in the middle of a my genre game over here. Wow. Excuse us for interrupting your module. We'll come back when you're done. Give us the name of the winner. We'll put it on a goddamn TV. And then maybe you want to take a look at, you know, get your gas mask out and take a look at his dead body back here and see what's going on. Oh yeah. Please talk about Sam and Chris before he calls me again. Again, meaning what? That they're dying over there. Speaking of dying over here. Over at the Hooters. So what do you want from me? Maybe nobody wants any of this stuff. Maybe nobody's listening. I don't know. Sam and the gang were with her in the QAM van. Her soldiers on Pines and university drive and they got the QAM T-shirts and Neil buttons in George's better than tapes buttons and in Rika Agüttis post their t-shirts and pictures. Now maybe that they're there and people know that they're there. Maybe now people make the effort to go over there or if they're in the area go by and see them. So Sam feels like he's doing something worthwhile today. I mean they got free stuff for you over there. Okay. So stop by and make Sam feel like we're doing something useful in worthwhile. And like we really have an audience out there. Even if we don't. We don't know. Do we have any idea if we still have an audit? No. Of course not. We have a lot of people show up last night. They all claim that they listen. Do we know if they're listening? No. They just wanted to be nice. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning. Neil. This is Jenny. Yes, Jenny. And we were at the center when Ben is at last night. Great. And I don't know if you've ever met Adam. He had an elbow t-shirt on. Anyway. Yes. I tell you. You didn't have no idea how touch you were that you were doing this. It's just really touched our heart. But also, well, first want to say we want to become the first official members of your D&H. Great. We're on there. Well, you're in. That's how easy it was. You're in. We'll cost you a dime. There's no dues. You don't have to put a schmata on your head. You don't have to do any mumbo jumbo. You don't have to buy any books. You're in. Yeah. This is excellent. You're very important to be on the radio. A lot of people said, let me mentality. Yeah. And people they just need to know. You can think. Oh, no. Killing all the suffering. All the hate, all the misery. Based on people arguing about a bunch of fairy tales and stuff that we'll ever have the answers to instead of saying, well, we're here. We know that why can't we just do no harm. Get along, be civilized. And that's it. And then move on from there. That's pretty simple. You know, try to sell. Let's try to feed the people that are starving to that. Let's try to, you know, discourage people from making unwanted babies. Let's start doing things that make some sense. And are these people willing to do it? No, they're running around. The worshiping of God that wears a dress. And you know, something is funny when we got home. We got, I also got something in the mail. And right on the envelope, it looks like can written. But it's not. It's as Jesus is going to be passing your home close to where you will be sleeping tonight. Wow. Wow. Wow. So I opened it up and it has all this funny stuff. And it's quite through the area there to send. Oh, it's called sewing. And this one, presenting money. Sewing seed. Oh, you have to sew it. Yeah. Get the needles out. Yeah. So it was quite entertaining. And got a little purple and gold prayer thing here. Yeah. I shot it. I really fasted for you. I got it quite tickled up. I'll have to say. But again, you know, it was, it was so good to see you. And then a one, Adam had, as we told you, a partner named Neil Alphso, who, they helped him. And their early days, Carol was very instrumental in that too. Great. And it just really took me, met up with her on the way out and Adam spoke with her for a while. Great. Okay. Good hearing from you, Jen. I went out. Well, keep listening. Thanks a lot. Keep thinking straight. And bless you. Okay. Okay. Bless you. My child. Okay. We got two members in anybody else joining. Okay. That's three of us. Two open lines in day one and brown. Five six seven. One eight and a few hundred judges here. Let's hear some good Christian out there. Or some good Orthodox Jew or some Muslim. Or some Buddhist or some other religious nutcase. Calling here and telling me why I'm wrong. What do we need all these organizations and all these institutions? And this massive, massive waste of the human resources to subsidize corrupt Crooked bullcraft. What do we need that for? Why do we need mumbo jumbo? Why can't we just use a little bit of common sense? Even the dumbest of the dumbagadness, the little teeny tiny common sense? I got a little teeny tiny common sense. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm about to start your term. When you go and you bake a baked potato and you cut. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line in brown. Five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty in a mobile one line. When I'm talking about baked potatoes and the egg can's diet. Okay. I don't know who started this crap or the egg can's diet today. All right. I'm the one who like re-invented the egg can's diet after he put the book back out. I'm the one who made a mammalian here again. The egg can's diet works. It's great if you want to do it fine. If you can stay on it that's great. It's a way of life. It's not a diet. If you can't do it like me, then you're fat. That's it. Nothing complicated. We don't want to hear about it. boring. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I couldn't agree more about the do-no-arm concept. And I want to take it literally to one point. When you start talking about animals and all of that, if you had and don't hang up, I mean, please, if you had a cat that was yelling and yelling and she can't even wake all up the time, then you had enough to need to do away with the cat with you. Ray, for real or you want to make a joke. No, I'm not making a joke. I'm just going to do it. No, of course not. Of course I wouldn't do that. Well, what if it's disturbed your sleep and you never had an update? I'm not sure. I got it out of there. I get rid of it. I make sure that wherever it was, I'd fight it to another home. What if the only after 10 people do what? Have a great day, pal. What if? What if? What if chickens, peats, are okay? Would your driveway be wet? Oh, yeah, there you go. What if? What if? You're just a moron. You're just a foe's old pal. Very simple, but you want to make it complicated, okay? So forget about the animals. Forget about them, all right? Because why the hell the forget about the insects and the animals? Let's try to stick with human beings right now, which quite frankly, I'm not sure if you qualify. Let's try to stick with human brains with a brain, human brains. Remember, Bobby, brain? Good. God Almighty. I said, if anybody wants to refute it and explain it rationally, got something legitimate. Not some jerk fall out there with a goddamn dead cat, okay? If you got a pussy problem, pal, this is the wrong show for a callback to Laura. We have an open line in Broward, 560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. It's 1156 on who at two. We got the book Shambi at 6, then we got the better to come. They got anybody over there with Sam and the sham and the nephew. They got anybody over at Hooray Hooray. He hasn't called back. He's called back there. We got some people over there, okay? Sam is over there. He wants to give you some crap, okay? Sam is the expert. Pooters on pines and university drive. They got a whole bunch of QAM stuff, such as it is. I mean, we're going to have a lot of good stuff. We got QAM t-shirts. We got Neil Buttons. We got George's better than Tapes buttons. And we can go to Lacey's postures. T-shirts, pictures, and bunch of stuff. What those wrong with these people? Oh, they don't want to see Sam. Come on, get over there before they change your mind and turn around and go back. And Sam starts saying, oh, there ain't nobody listed in that guy, damn show. Now you're probably right, Sam. We have an open line in day. DNH, maybe anybody else out there want to join? No. Do know the harm. That's our new religion. We're starting right here. Gonna put all these other vests out of business. Because if it's not cost you a dime, you don't have to really think a hell of a whole lot. More than about two minutes about it. Makes sense to me. And this guy out there with his damn pussy problem out there with his driveway. Whatever. Like I said, call Dr. Laura. Call Irene Cousourla. Call up Monica. Get out of my face. Everything's a big goddamn joke. Here's South Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, God. You're the best. Yes, I am. Oh, I'll couple things. Oh, God. You're exactly. I want to join, man. Oh, you remember number three? All right. There you go. I think I'm not if you're qualified. You remember number three? Well, you're number one. Yeah. The two people were number two. And I'm doing number one and two right now. Yeah. I almost, just speaking, number one. I almost did that when I heard the guy from the country. Dayspot. Do a spot. Oh, man. The one guy? Contra dayspot. Like he's hollering as loud as pop. You mean Joe Rose? Oh, he's the spot. Oh, man. Oh, it's good. So say, how come Joe Rose is hollering? This spot. When does his wife spot see hollering? And then there's a McCurritus spot. He's hollering. Oh, I can't. We would. Yeah. That's the problem. I think. We would. Maybe you're maybe around too many deaf people or something like that. That could be it. Thanks. You can kiss my rear end. That's it. We'll pay. Okay. Power. Great. Go sober up. We have an open line of date. 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The NH. The greatest threat to all these fake or religions out there. All these phony bolognies with their hate literature and their bullcraft and their propaganda and their lies. That's what they do better than anybody like that Ernest Angely. And like that guy named Phony. What else is there in the Benny Hanna Hinn? That's right. Benny Hanna Hinn sounds fishy to me, Mr. And he's on it. And he even came on at CNN. She wanted just about admitted that. It's almost a bunch of fakeery, which we know it's all a bunch of fakeery. All these peas doesn't even touch him. Oh, they're already passing out. They're grabbing them. They're falling on the floor. And then they say, well, Mr. Fiddler, I'll come back and do it again. And people are sending this fakeer money. This is terrifying. This is unbelievable. This is even worse than jury springer if that's possible. That these people go on here. They get all his taxes and status. They put the little number at the bottom of the screen. They raise all the money. They want to become good obedient right-wing Republicans. And they're propagandized all day long, 24 hours a day. They twist them and evaluate the news for fun and profit. They brainwashed the uneducated masses out there. And they're making tax-free millions. While people are running out of starving, that the fall is here already before you know it's going to be quarter in hell up north and another month or so. Another couple of days maybe. People are going to be out there. The homeless are going to be freezing to the starving to the. And we got assholes in this country sending millions and millions of tax-free dollars to a bunch of quacks, a bunch of fakeers out there. And you tell me that this country has got some degree of maturity of sanity. We got this charade going on up there. Here's Wolfgang Blitzer, a bit of Blitzkrieg again on CNN. Investigating a president and at Nazi Trent lots got the balls to come up there yesterday. And accused Clinton and the Democrats. Well, you know, this is all just a mask of a, this is just all a sign to try to flood, to deflect attention away from the investigation. Like it was Clinton who invented all the problems that were, it was Clinton's fault that we got this globally economic crisis that they're toppling like a bunch of goddamn dominoes, the economy's all over the world. It's Clinton's fault that goddamn Saddam is over there building God damn nuclear weapons. Not George Bush's fault who didn't finish the job back during the Gulf war. It's Clinton's fault that they're killing each other in the Middle East. Even though we got metal and all right over there again, they're shaking hands and they're shaking it and rocking back and forth like Leo Masada in the abrasive dugout. That's right. It's all a diversion. He isn't amazing how much power this guy has got that he invented all these crises just to deflect attention from the important stuff, which is the president dittled around a God of who blow jobs from this bimbo. That's the important stuff we ought to be focusing our attention on. And thank God there's no partisan politics involved in that. Trent Lot you Nazi bastard, you prick. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. You know, you are a terrible example for the youth of America. Well, you know, something the youth of America and listen to the show because we're on here in Miami. The same asshole that called yesterday, give me the same song in advance. You got a real boring voice. You got a personality like a dead frog. Blow it out your ass. I'm a terrible example for the, let me see it again. The youth of America, the ones who are in this market and showed up at the pizza law flyers night, who've been listening to me for years and years. They all grew up to be very normal. Thank you very healthy, very productive, very decent people with wives and kids and families. Productive working with a guy, how is this? How do you like that? How did they manage to survive that? If I'm such an evil, no good, and why the hell are you listening anyway? You idiotic bastard, you. And calling every day to give us a song of the dance. If you don't like the show, find something else to do. Stop being at the moon like a goddamn rabbit dog. Because just like the moon, I'm not going away. Okay? I'll be here today. I'll be here tomorrow. I'll be here for a little while on Friday. And that's the way it is, whether you like it or not. Okay? So stop being at the old. You're not a world right. You jackass with your real boring voice. You sound like a guy. You sound like like Sandy Peyton and drag. Oh, she's not in drag, it's for real. We made something that makes so much goddamn sense that it terrifies somebody's bad truth, so they have to attack me because they can't debate it. They can't argue it. Oh, what you're saying makes no sense at all. Of course it does. It makes all the sense in the world. And you can't refute it and you can't debate it. Because you're too stupid to debate it. Because you're unwilling to think. You're unwilling to use your brain that separates you from those stupid insects I was talking about before. And that cat that's how I'm out in the goddamn backyard at stupid cat. Come on, out of the mouth. Prowl away, be hello. Any, oh. Yes, sir. Hey, first of all, I want to wish you happy. Hello, I'm O.A. I want. I have to be hello, I'm O.A. It's still going on in sweet. Oh, thank you. I got to stick with the DNA. Okay, I don't want to use bubble. I don't want to use the eating stick. You just put my extra today. No, I didn't stick to your anything today, no. And I've come to the Amazon. Okay. Okay, we have an open line in Broward and two in date. There's another crazy old Jew. Just go in there and dive in at the wall. Okay, just go away. On it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Probably going to be running off of the recount. Pretty soon. Probably David's boyfriend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And pound 5, 60 on the 18. T. Wireless line. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I want to join your DNA. All right. Here's number five. Oh, DNA. And you know the Christians are afraid they're going to go to hell if they don't donate or they don't go to church and all that. They got them scared to death. What are you now? Who in their right mind? How come they don't stop and think about this? Who would want to believe in any religion where there's a God that people invented, who is so sadistic, so twisted that if you don't believe a bunch of ridiculous ludicrous things that nobody's saying would believe in the first place that you're going to want to burning in a hell. For eternity, isn't that a pleasant thought? They scare them. Anyway, could I tell you dirty joke on the air? No. Okay. The other things stop your sugar. The sugar put on so much weight. It's terrible. And I call Trent Trent Lock, Trent Mow. I got names for them and I'm sending them postcards like man. I hope he alokes with John IV. Okay. So we'd have a great day. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward, one in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the AT&T, World of Slime. SS, baby. Doesn't stand for secret service. Not the secret police. It stands for a sugar and starch. And just like the original, like Hitler's SS, same thing. They're killers. They'll kill you. Killer carbohydrates. That's what I should be doing. I shouldn't be wasting my time sitting here talking to a bunch of people that I've no response to this because it makes too much sense for them. I should be out there peddling the damn ad kind of thing. Then maybe it motivates me to stick with it. I'm going to say, I want to go out there and spread the guy I'd say more. I want to go out there and spread it. Well, me. Don't be frustrated. Mission dollars. Here's Miami. Hello. You ain't done the bar. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Thanks a lot. You all come back. He's got one finger in his right now. It's the other finger in his right. And having a good old time. All right, buddy. We'll see ya. Well, that was buddy McCay. No wonder we got no chance. Here's a mobile and Cooper city, hello. Does that in the zoo? Hello, Neil? What is it? The time does it? Means what? Uh, are you doing? What does that mean? What is that? Uh, I don't know. Oh, okay. I think it's a similar to the Spock's that could do. Uh-huh. Is that close? No, I have no idea. Anyway, no. What do we do for you today, sir? Start with a getting English. You're free from the $1,000. And central sex. Uh-huh. And I would have been beat to this guy. Yeah. I can't believe it. Okay, well, thank you. We have an open line of Brown and one in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T world. That's fine. Thanks for the great Z-Material, sir. Here's a mobile and pampered pie, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. You got to give me a fact, Nama, because I got a fact that's led to you from this court on quote, this little quaint 47-year-old church out in the art design. I got a letter, and it's from Jesus. Sometime, in the next week, they can't commit exact dates, as I'm sure he's got a busy schedule. Yeah. Like, couldn't, I was a Paul pie that's mail out. Sometime in the next week, Jesus will be passing by my house. Oh, my God. Wow. Hey, that's the same left. We had a call earlier in this show. Lady who was at the Pizza Law class, that they got home, and there was the letter in their box. It takes the cake. Yeah. Sometime the next week, he's going to be passing by my house. Okay. Well, the fact is 305. Uh-huh. Six five oh. Uh-huh. All 190. I'd be listening to this. Now, I got to take inside this letter, this is another letter. Okay. I have to take the letter, and I cannot open it. And none of any circumstances I must not open this letter. So I check a box, a, b, c, or d, which is $5.10. $10 is $20 or other. Well, that's the price you've paid for. I'm opening the envelope, right? Right. Now, I get it, and it says before you do anything. Do not. I'm in any circumstances open this second letter, because I got to sleep on an overnight. And I cannot open it until sunset. Yeah. So what do be on the letter same? So that was, oh, I got to send them a check for $5.10.20. And then I get to put in there what they want me to pray for. So what I'm on the, I can't understand that. How about the second letter says? Yeah. The first letter. So if I want to tell the second letter say that you just said you're not supposed to open it. I open it up, of course. And what does it say? Why are having so much trouble communicating here, sir? It says that I have to, I have to pray to them. What they want me to pray for. And my prayers will be answered. But how can I mail a letter to this 47 year old church today? And they're going to have it in faith for me by some sunset tomorrow. But when you open it up, but when you open it up, God, X overnight mail. But when you open it up, it's a 650198. Thank you. We have an open line in Brut. Why was it so difficult to squeeze out him the answer? I think maybe they've got there already working on his mind. His mind is turning into Geologist for opening the envelope. I think it's a comic-pinkle plot if you ask me. And they wanted money? Huh? Wow. What a shock. Like I said, DNA, it's a do-no harm. Here's a religion that don't cost you up penny. It doesn't cost a single solitary dime. And then we'll follow it up after we get everybody in this religion. We'll follow it up on like a one-at-slice optional. DSG, do some good. DNA, it's in the beginning. And then DSG, if you want, do some good, if you can. If not, okay, we won't hold it against you. You're still on burn and hell. Prop 26, the WQM, there's an open line. And data's interesting to watch these things flick off. Or watch these phone-on, that's flick off. Which makes you even wonder about the people at Bell South who I did with it. Or just that these people are very impatient. You made that point yesterday. Which I never really thought about before. I'm the old station. Which I don't want to mention to call others. Because we don't want to go back. We want to go forward. But on the old station, people used to call if they, you know, they really hung on like for a long time. W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. But here they call and like the new thing is, I mean, if they do ever call, if you don't get to like within five seconds, oh, they're gone, they're busy. But like I said, I don't worry about it because starting day I got a whole new leash on life. And if you think I'm joking, you're dreaming. I will never ever, I must be a mess because that must be out of my mind. I got to be a fool. But I would ever subject myself to that kind of begging and screaming and carrying on and foolishness. What's the point? What is the point? How many years have been taken off my life? Because I got myself sucked into doing that here on this show. What an idiot. What an imbicel. I'm the first one to say it. I'm a schmuck. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Bell Stop Mobility. You've already cost me five bucks. Yeah. Anyways, I wanted to start with it. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, it is because I wanted to tell you about the psychic powers of your show. I'm a pharmaceutical rep and I just left the company and I was trying to reach this little witch with a beat that worked at my other company. And I don't have her page or with me. Yeah. And she called you five minutes ago. How do you like that? So I was just thinking of her. So if you're still listening, least uppaged me, okay? I'm the late. See there you go. It's better than Spill Griffin. It's like the psychic friends that work. I'm not going to use the page anymore. I'm just going to call everybody through your show. All right. All right, but yeah. Well, I'm gagging us. Slow down when that's your girl. It's really good. Too late. Well, I think I got a real good greenie coming up, baby. We have an open line in date, 560 and 550, 60 on the 18T wireless line. No calls about this Peter Warwell incident about Brian Murray, Lucien it. I'm just I'm just can't get over that. That comment. Darcy Tucker stuck an index finger in his mouth repeatedly and gesturing to a well and Murray thought it was making fun of the world as a banana eating ape. What kind of a comment is that? I mean, if a guy goes like, but, but, but they're chicken. Even a little kid's know that. It's gotten up into the racial slur. I think B.M. I think he's hallucinating. I think his brother Terri needs to send him off to Kamsimer. Send him up to a callow at Furfiumo. During the season, okay, Terri. Terri's doing a stellar job. He's a good guy. He's got him a really play and they were great last night. They might be better than we thought. But B.M. Shia, we'll be Shania. Here's Miami, hello. Meow. Yes sir. Ed X driving circumcised first time calling Julio. Oh! Great. They ought to pay triple for what you make. So you have to deal with these idiots that call you every day. Yeah. I'm two more days for the hot season. I can't hardly wait even though we got our young prospects that are going to lead us into the play. Well, he looks pretty good last night. I got to tell you this kid marked Paris. He's got to lead the team with six goals. The preseasoner looks outstanding. And this Kavasha kid's playing good. And that's his e-spacet that kid's not too bad. And be there for any night. And I want to know the one. It's that ratchet kid. He looks pretty good too. You know they might have to send him back. We're in the pre-agent, right? Right. Yeah. They found him out on a bus in a dumpster. Where do you think the devil is going to be at this year? I haven't seen any other teams play. So when I start making predictions to let season starts. I have an exhibition game is mean nothing. All right. I want to ask for two things. Just stuck around for a no-BM button if you have any love. Nope. And the shameless request, the president and Elmer Foot on your next break. Okay. All right. Thanks. Is that in here by the way? What is that called? You know the one I mean the satellite comedy thing from a Clinton and the Elmer Foot? What is that called, George? I know it's not in there. It's not in there. Like I said for good. Okay. Well, now that we got all that hard drive time in here, now we can start getting all this other stuff in here. You know what I'm talking about? That we weren't able to do because, uh, yeah. 560, 0560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Where are we? New York. Yes, sir. Speak to me. Can I have a number? Number three? Go ahead. All right. New York. I want to thank you for yesterday. It was fan. We don't do numbers. I'm sure I got the wrong show. I want to thank you for your, uh, really good. Yeah. No numbers. And I want to thank you for the, uh, your show like your, uh, parent's last night. It was just great. Yeah. And, uh, Buffy, uh, CDs and, uh, just number two was great. It's different. I really liked it. They're all great. They're both great. Yeah. The fourth great. This number one was great. It was everything I expected. Yeah. These are the two. It's our rages. That's right. But this number two is some surprises on it. I really liked it. Excellent. I think about it all goes to the, he's not disgusting. He's very interesting. And I appreciate it. The fact he was there and he actually gave me a sign copy of his, uh, uh, uh, my illustrated style report. Yeah. And thank you. That's why you liked him. Because he gave you something. The other, uh, the bits that call me for you. Didn't get anything from him. So she don't like him. Well, and also, I think the Yankees are going to do to everybody else. What the, uh, brings it to the club. Okay. Good luck, yes, sir. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. No sports talk today. Okay. Only a little hockey talking. It's not really about hockey. It's about the racial problems that Brian Maria is hallucinating about. Buck, buck, buck. Oh my God. Where is that thing, by the way? See, it's very hard to hit the button when you got your, uh, you have to do with one arm like a, like that. One more. Okay. There we go. Here's a mobile and peppered pine, hello. Amy, I'm John. Okay, sir. I have stopped by the hooter there on the road. Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention they gave all the stuff away and they were long gone. They were mobbed. They said, yeah, I just want to say, think, I'm moving with this there than a car. Right. Just want to say, think and, uh, water to me, he's treated the fish there. All right. See, yeah. There you go. Yeah, they, uh, you know, same, I guess, expected to be people who are waiting for them. They showed up once you guys got there. Okay. Because they had free stuff. And they like 50 billion people showed up. The free stuff has gone and they were gone like 10 after 12. Oh, boy, my gaggon on it. I think somebody has doctored my, uh, stogi. Is what I think. You better somebody put it in a reef, come on. Play. Back home. Oh, geez. See? I told you, first Mark Balon J. And Cal Rip can seniors got that problem. Are you kids out there? No smoking, okay. Oh, kid ya. All you young people. It's a filthy disgusting habit of this color. As your teeth, it gives you bad breath. It'll grow you a two-way to size of a guy. Then grapefruit, maybe even a watermelon. Oh, see, I shouldn't have said watermelon. Brian Maria would be calling in. How about if I said watermelon and went like that? That was the same. Oh, geez. I can't believe he said that. Let me look at it one more time. He thought he was making fun of who well as a banana eating ape. Because he went. I know. Okay. Brian, you need some. Sure you're sharp. Okay. You need some. Sure you're stereotyping. You want to put something good in your mouth. And no matter you. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Deal. Yes sir. Greetings. How are you? Great. Never get better sir. Greatest day of my life. May I kneel down and kiss the ring to be on a memory member of the NIH. Deal, God. No, it's funny though. You say, do it all harm. But I guarantee you're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. You're going to have someone who's religious for an act on us. Okay. Arthur. See you. Don't let me too much of this. I'm just having a little bite of it while my mother's start hypervettilating because I'm going there for lunch today. Okay, that's enough. No, it's not. As for my new home business. Don't be a yenta. Members, honey, heresh wants to say don't be a yenta. What happened to him? We have two open lines in Broward, 560, 560, Pomp 560. I am, see, I'm not going to beg for calls, but I'm begging and pleading for somebody to call to dispute the truth of the NIH. I mean, we know that DNA is indisputable. OJ taught us that. Monica taught us that. And the same is true no matter what letter is on the end. DNA, it's do no harm. Why do we need these religious institutions? Why do you need to have someplace to go on a stupid holidays? Why do you gotta go there and put a stupid schmatha on your head? Why do you go there and stick us dumb way for in your post? Why do you gotta go there and confess your sins that somebody else called sins because you had a good time, maybe? To some stupid pansy and address that's sitting on the other side of a confessional booth getting off on it, okay? They think they think the priest has got a head cold over it. And here a lot of heavy breathing in the puke on the other side. I got news for a baby. He's yanking it. And if the church is really so sure to cash, all they gotta start doing is put in quarters that put the slots in arrow on the confessional booth. That's right. Let him pay for it. Two open lines in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless. You think they have by two o'clock we'll have one person here called today and have a legitimate discussion about this who disagrees. Will there be one who's got the courage in their conviction? No. You bet your sweet ass there won't. Because they know I can talk circles around them and four seconds or less because they don't make any sense. Oh, you better watch out because you're gonna burn it. Oh, yeah. Hocus, pocus. That's the focus. Here's Latter Hill. Hello. Oh. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to know where you're coming from and what you're doing and what are you trying to prove? About what? I'm asking. What are you talking about? Like there is no God. How do you know? I beg your pardon? How do you know there is no God? I'm not the one who suggested that there was. See the burden of proof is gonna. Sir, sir, you want to answer your question? Yeah. And you believe that there's a God. If somebody tells me there's a God, then the burden of proof is on you. It's not a negative burden. I don't have to prove that there isn't one. You have to prove that there is one. Okay. Why don't want to say it? If you let me for one second? I'm listening. Okay. When we're brought up, whatever religion we are, whatever nationality do. Well, I'm trying to make people think instead of being brainwashed. In other words, if you happen to be lucky enough to be born into the family, that's to the right religion, then you're going to be saved. Is that what you're saying? No, no, no. I believe in every religion. I believe in everybody has their religion. I have much, I guess. I'm not against anybody's religion. Yeah. But it won't on, trying to get, what about in Northern Ireland? So you think those people ought to be encouraged to keep coming each other, Catholic and in the Protestants? They're animals. And what about in the Middle East? You go in there. And what about in Indian Pakistan? You're going to want to want to really just write this country. They're going to be bombing abortion clinics. God, here you make those sense. You're just a bad thing old fool. Okay. I want to talk to somebody who's got some substance. Not just talk literary generalities and spotting spew. It's guys too old to have a goddamn brain of his own. I believe in all religions. Great. Then you're crazier than any of the rest of these bad dudes. One is bad enough. But all of them you must be crazier than a bed bug. Call a goddamn exterminator or a cabie got bed bugs in a phone. Two open lines and a broad word. Five says, see that's what I'm going to say here. Patiently waiting for an intelligent conversation. Other animals anyway. Other animals. They're not animals. They're people just like everybody else. But they've been brainwashed. And they're filled with hate. And they hate each other because they can't coerce the other ones to believe the same fairy tales. And you know something they're all Christians. That's the most bizarre part of the whole deal. The Protestants and the Catholics over there. They hate each other like poison. That's not the only place. Is it the Lutherans? Is it the Methodist? Is it? Which sect are we talking about? Who's which one's got the Tony, baby? That's the question of the day. Which one's got the Tony? Who's got the real answer? And I'll tell you right now who's got the real answer? Nobody's got the real answer. Nobody like Harvey Pax's and a goddamn Belmont racing show. Nobody picks. Can you do? Because I got more people on my side. And my people are reproducing like rabbits. DNH, do no harm. It makes absolutely all a sense in the world. Simple. Cost you know money. Nope. Promises of bullcraft. No devil with a pitchfork and a tail. And all these, and the horns and angels with their little hearts. Oh God, you're good, oh God, you're good. Yeah, for eternity. I'd rather be burdened on the lake of fire, okay? That'll be the rest of my- Oh God, you're good. I just just keep saying that I like it. Oh God, you're good. That's what they have to look forward to these people. Their souls are going to be saved. I got news for you, okay? I'm looking at my souls. They're pretty goddamn worn out. Okay, I must be all I've walked in Europe. Gotta go out and get a new goddamn pair of shoes. Because I can't even save the souls on my shoes much less than the soul. Oh man, who's got a soul. How do you function without a brain in a heart? Did anybody ever ask that question? Anybody ever see anybody make a comeback? No. I haven't seen it. Once they stick your ass in the ground, that's where you stay, baby. And it may not be. And what kind of a God would create that anyway? I mean, if we understand that nature, that all things are part of nature, and every species has a lifespan, then we can understand that. We may not like it. I'd like to be around for two to three hundred years, or instead of like 70 or 80 or 90, whatever it's going to be. But if that's the plan of nature, if that's the way nature works, we can understand that. There's a logic to that. But if there was some kind of a God, who invoked created men, and only gave them a very short lifespan, what kind of a sadistic, no good God is that? We were made of a forever, only sin can. Yeah, only sin. Only this devil again, okay? And since God knew up front right in the beginning, because of the fact that he's omniscient, and I, because he knows everything. He knew ahead of time when he kept tempting these people, what the choice would be. And then the simple ones that wrote these bubble micees, oh well, he got pissed off. But how could he get pissed off when he knew what was going to happen anyway? You have to be an imbersil to believe this. You have to be mentally deficient to believe this crap. And then he's got a punishment here to make you burn and help. Like all those people that he killed, when Noah, when that old slipper, Noah got out there and built the art. And if, let me ask you this, if God created a whole universe and the sun and the stars and the moon and the cockamone, how come Noah, this poor old slipper, had to build the art? Why didn't God just go? But I'm being? Huh? Oh, there's an art. Look at that. Look at that. Look at here. Look at that thing. And I guarantee that God would have made a better art than that poor old slipper, Noah. When they could have fat the dinosaurs. And probably had a hell of a lot better turlets on there too, for all those damn dinosaurs. That's right. Man, oh man, can you, like I said before, how do you like to have the turlet concession on that arc? ROOP! Talk about heavy duty. Here's a mobile and portmire, silo. Hey, I just wanted to tell you, the reason that you're not going to get anybody coming across you. You're like little star at the end of the wizard of art. You're full of water. These witches come on a company where near you. Oh, is that it? Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Do you know a thing, though? Yeah, I would explain it to you. What you're saying makes too much sad. Yeah, you're right. That's the pride. They can't deal with a big hand cop with it. It's too sad. They want to make it complicated and it's very easy. Yeah, you actually have lots of listeners over here in portmire. I know that. You don't have any kind of cold free line for children, everybody. You get on here. Well, it's the beesleys, the measly man. They're too cheap to put a toll free line. Yep. Okay, just follow the lecture. No, we're listening. God bless you, sir. Okay, bye. I like I said. Be no God. Bless you. We got to member over and fortmire. You know, something this is going to scare all those Barbistan out there. I'm making more converts on one show today. And this is only the beginning. And you want to know why? Because it makes sense. Number one. And number two, it's free. You're not in cost to pity to join this outfit. Do no harm. That's all. Like they say, it basketball. No harm, no foul. That's the only religion that makes sense. You teach that to kids. Oh, yeah. Okay, that sounds reasonable. Unlike those weird stories that they were trying to teach us before. And about hating everybody who doesn't believe the same crap that we do. We don't hate anybody. We just get along. We just survive. And if you want to associate with somebody, you do if you don't associate with somebody else. That's all do no harm. Like I said, I should be if the United Nations right now broadcasting intercontinental. I should be all over the goddamn world on a satellite. Preaching the absolute God damn God. That's right. The word of what's his name. And put an end for all this tax-free bullcraft. The biggest scam in the history of the human race. And I feel so sorry for people who are so brainwashed that they can't use one little that they have taken the ability to think they've had to take it away. If they've been at that's a sin. If there's such a thing as a sin, I've said this before. That's a sin. When you steal somebody's ability to use their brain. The one thing that separates us from the cockroaches and all those other crawling scabby creatures, the human brain. They want to take that away from you as early as possible because once you're old enough to start thinking about, hey, this is a bunch of crap. This is like Santa Claus and the Toothberry. Once you're old enough to start reasoning like that, they're never going to get you. You're a lost cause. So just like Hitler with his Nazi youth, they have to brainwash you from the earliest moments with bullcraft. Poorman, I'm still waiting here. It is one o'clock coming up after the break. One o'clock. We still had anybody other than that, the babbling, dottering old fool, it was talking double talk. And we had one? No. Not one. And like the guy said, just like Dorothy, just call me Dorothy Rogers, okay? Hey, if you're looking for... This Saturday, QAM's got the college game of the year right here. It's you and against Florida State, live from the orange season. We're about 330 right here on Sports Radio 560 QAM. And when those testicles will be a lot coming up on my door, I grabbed my red pajamas in my pants. That's right. Great. All right, Neil. Thanks for the great tail. Yeah. See you. We have an open line in the Dave County 560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Oh, you heard the good news. Yeah, the good news is you're out of here. Okay, that's a good news. The good news is that the Doris Lamey and your face. And I'm going back to watching my day and so far for whatever. Boy, oh boy. By the way, speaking of soap opera, man, if is anybody ever seen so much tourists at the same time as guiding light? Wow. We got Dine who just won't die because she didn't take quite enough blood pressure pills. We got Ben who just won't die because he's a miserable S.O.B. We got Blake who's all of a sudden walking like a miracle now. And Ross is in the middle of it. Wow. You think you got problems to it on guiding light? And it really cracks me up. These guys that say, oh, what kind of a guy watches a soap opera? And then I was listening to the hanker couple of weeks ago. And he was doing his thing or no, it was managed filling in. Asked him about guys not watching Monday night football. And you'd be amazed at how many guys were calling in saying they're watching Melrose place. On Monday night. Now, is Melrose place a soap opera? Last time I checked. Huh. Do people watch it because there's a lot of hot flesh on there? Hot right. Just like we walked soap operas the daytime. Hey, Billy, just keep your mouth shut, Billy. Billy is looking real good on a guiding light. If he just doesn't talk, you know, he's got that, yeah. He's got that little, uh. Here's a mobile and a four-later nail. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I've been thinking about your topic today. Yes. It made me start to think that, you know, if you start thinking back to the Renaissance period and all during medieval times, you'll have a best way to keep the sheep in line. Yes, care. If you scare by saying, hey, if you don't do this, you're going to bury that out of here. Listen, worth a damn. That's what that old, bad little hair said before she ran off with all the money. Religion with all the hell isn't worth a damn. Nobody's going to be in with that. Life after death and heaven and hell. That's what it's all about. So, true. You know what? I'm a Julio. I was baptized in Catholic, but you know what? The first day of Holy Pot is just... The Bible is a good book of fiction. No, it's not even a good book of fiction. It's a twisted and distorted and warped and full of hate inside courses, and it makes no sense whatsoever. And contradictions? It's totally a story. And it doesn't mean, it tells a horrible story. The thing is, you have to take the good things out of it. You have to take the morality part out of it. You have to take the parts out of it. The parts are safe. Hey, you shouldn't kill people. It's not good. But if your children are disobedient, they shall surely be stoned in death. You can't be so, you can't be so actively pious. You can't just pick and choose what makes sense. And out of a book that makes no sense in its totality, you can't do that. Okay, is that what you're doing? You're choosing what you make. No, it's not right. I'm not to the nom, that's not what I'm doing at all. I didn't get it out of a book. You're got it from common sense. But you're coming. I didn't need somebody to write me a book saying you don't harm other people. You don't steal their property. You don't hurt people. That's how you're doing. I never said I was my life by the book. But what I'm saying is you can do a pick out. Just like you do with any other book that you can pick up that tells a good story. It's a huge morality. I mean, I can leave a bunch of them out there. It's a morality. But all these people had slaves and they were beginning and beginning. This was one of that one. And everybody in all the Saudi Arabia and the insist that was going on. You're kneeling down that really, you know, medieval point. The stuff that really, medieval point. It's got nothing with medieval anything. And that got to book right back here. I'll get to the book out if you want me to. It's got to do with meaty evil or anything. It's right over there. Go read it. I'll have a great thing. See, he's like he's making a little bit of progress. He's taking like one about a half a baby step. But he can't take the rest of the stuff. Throw the book away. Okay, go burn it somewhere. Go have a good time. All these right wingers are in the book burning. There's one that ought to be burned because it's full of sickness and twisted crap. Oh, disobedient children, show surely be stoned to death. Well, that sounds great. And that's coming right from God himself. That loving God who loves us. But boy, he gets pissed off. And every time he gets pissed off, his wrath shall wax off because... This stuff gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. That's right, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Right there at the beginning of Genesis. That's what God says. And that's why his wrath is waxing hot. Some days it's so hot even, a listen's the waxing. He's the one. He's the one. He heard reneri on there doing that uga boogu. Tu-e-am. You did a lot of it. You did a lot of it. We got the boogster at six, then we got the Pope raisin Atlanta 745 tonight. We're getting to the big stuff. Here's Hollywood, hello. How can we all? Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Can you start your break any DNA? Okay, you're number 5,000. This thing is growing like topsy, man. All right, awesome. Acer, I'm trying to change the subject of religion. Something something else that affects all of us about 25 minutes ago on CNBC. Yes? General Reno was on there talking about how the department justice has just filed an Anantric Trust lawsuit against Mastercard and Visa. She was saying something or other about it because they're both owned by the same company or something other about their own both owned by the same banks or something. Really? It affects all of us. So what does that mean? Well, just a part of the big team is just the anti-trust, the monopoly. So we're going to get some money back? I don't know. She went gibbered. Yeah, right. She went gibber jabber. She does that very well. She gibbered gibbers a lot. Well, I got said, I didn't understand all. I didn't get on the all three tactical stuff or whatever, but I caught the gist of it. Yeah. But anyway, I have a shameless request. Yes, sir? Okay. Next break. Can you play KTK? Which one? The one that he's hurting. Okay. All right. Also, Neil? Yes. Try our Gilbert's world in the Ben and Jerry. What is it? It's called Gilbert's world. Oh, Gilbert. I thought you said Gilbert's world. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. Get out of here. I thought he said Gilbert's. Then sound like he said Gilbert's world. I passed on that. My favorite moment of our thing at the last Saturday when we were at borders over by the Yellow River was when Gilbert, right after he sang the National Anthem. Where the hell is it? Oh, no. Right after he sang, I mean, too. That's the National Anthem. Well, I'm stalling for time after he sang, Take me out to the ballgame and he said, I thought that I was so funny. Everybody in Unison said, here's a mobile in Palm Beach, Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, good show. Interesting show. I respect your opinion. Let me pick for a minute. Yes. I'd like, I'd like for you to go to the New Testament of the Bible. And that gives a good message. Read John 316. And where are you going to start with that again? You would go to Germany football game. Hey, John 6. I follow my logic for one minute. Okay. See, before you go on with your logic, let me just say this one thing. Okay. Okay. People who drive around with a little fish on the back of their car. Yeah. And people who go to sporting events, holding up these signs, John 316. These are intolerant people who should not be there. They're unacceptable to me because they're flooding their beliefs. Which they're intimately whatever they want. They're flooding them in places where it doesn't belong. I don't know. I don't want somebody out there sticking their religion. My nose when I'm driving my car in the highway that I help people with my tax money. And I certainly don't want somebody to go to pay to go to a ball game, holding up the logic signs of any kind or denomination. Well, God gave us three will. You know? Yeah, we can. I mean, we can... Sir, do you realize how stupid that is? God is on mission. That means he knows he knows everything. And so we knew the outcome of all the decisions ahead of time. Right. How can that be? Right. And manhead free will. Neil, let me ask. All right. I agree with you about work. I agree with you about what you wanted. The conversation. Listen. Well, listen to me. I want to answer my question. If God knows ahead of time, what the out he knows everything ahead of time. Right. How could he give man free will, but he knew ahead of time what choices man would make? How could he have been dismayed and distraught that they made the wrong choices? When he already knew, why did he tempt them? Why did he put, why did he give them the chance to fail? When he knew if given the chance they would fail? Right. I did not know the answer that question. I couldn't pretend to know the answer that question. I'm not sure if he's going to do something that makes it a little sense. I know something you don't know. Yes. I have had there's a difference between religion and the spiritual world. I've had a, I have had a spiritual world. That is your relationship with God. And Jesus Christ. Yeah. I've had that. I believe that he is at me. Well, what that means is that we are applies that, you know, that he was our creator. Does that make, I mean? It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. First of all, when you say, he, what does he got like two lives in a mouth and a nose? Is he got a big part, take a like the devil? What is that he business? Well, let me, let me say this, you know. I book, do you believe that we were created by a power bigger that our stuff? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Why do you mean, if you look at those, if you ask me a question, I give you the answer. You just, you're talking. Are you doing up a leave in the first night? Right. Okay. All right. Look at anybody believing anything so silly. Well, I mean, what is your answer? My answer to what? Do, uh, how we're here? My answer to how we're here. How about if I give you three words, okay? Yes. I don't know. All right. Well, so you don't know, right? Yes. And so I'm not going to make up some ridiculous story that somebody, I mean, if you're telling me you don't know, how we're here. Yes. Okay. And let me take a one step further. I don't know. And I don't care. Well, I know that I am here. And I'm going to make the best of it. I don't care about trying to explore things for which I could never have the answer. That happened millions and billions of years ago. We can't even listen. I don't like that. We can't even, we can't even conceive what a thousand years is like. Okay. A hundred years may be because some people live a little over a hundred years. Right. But a thousand years is beyond our ability to understand the conflict. So the concept of understanding of dealing with millions of years are pretty into you. It's so far beyond our scope to understand. Right. I've seen you. What's the point? Well, the point is, you know, there are things that we don't know. Yeah. Right. Well, it's good. That's a good start. There are things that you and I don't know. And let me, what you're DNA, that's a good thing. Now, where did our moral, the intercom from? The Bible, right? No, of course not. I doubt done that, kill. All the things that you're saying. Let me say it again. Let me say it before these silly old men wrote that stuff. I've done. Civilized people, which there were some actually back then, just through common sense. Right. Understood those things. Right. But the same book that you're talking about, I'll repeat it again. It's only one example. Right. Says, disobedient children, she'll surely be stone to death. That's the nealtest material. Yeah. Okay. And people, people, you're picking and choosing. You can't have the new testament without the old testament, because Jesus was a Jew. It's odd for hate. Jesus was a Jew. Yeah. You bet he was. So I came now for one minute. I respect your opinion. Did Jesus repute any of the old testament? All right. Let me know. Just follow my line. I want you to answer my question. Okay. Did Jesus anywhere in the Scriptures refute anything that it says in the old testament? I don't know what the, I don't know what he would have done. I have 17. Hey, Neil. Yes. I don't know if he was asked to. I mean, did somebody answer that? Well, if he had a purpose of giving the people the real word about what, what, what, what Salvation is all about. If there was something in there that was wrong, of course he would have said he would have done it. But he didn't do it. Neil, he came to be an example of how to live. And he, he talked about the same thing about religion. Sir, I want to tell you something. There's a very, very high probability that there was never any such person as Jesus Christ. Okay. Well, I mean, you know, that's, you know, that's an opinion. No, it's not an opinion. It's a fact. There's a very high probability that he never existed. Huh? Well, I mean, that's something, you know, that, that, that, obviously is your opinion. Or there is an opinion of people that that didn't happen. Yeah. Let me, you know, let's get that. Let me get back to the world thing. Who killed President Kennedy? Who killed President Kennedy? Yeah. I don't know for sure. And I wonder that happened. That happened in 1963. Right. That's 35 years ago, right? Right. Now, how can you be so positive about something that allegedly happened 2,000 years ago? Well, because I've had a, a spiritual experience. I won't use religion because that's, you know, because we're, you know, religion has problems because men and women are in charge of it. What is a spiritual experience? I've talked about that. Okay. I'll tell you. I used to think like you did. Okay. And there's nothing wrong with that. But what, but I also, I used to, uh, I used to drink alcohol for 3 years. Oh, okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Wow. We finally got to the bottom line. But what a dick shit for that. Right. Say hi to our friends over there at Paxon, who we're all there over there before we got out. All those recovering alcohols. And I'm not going to be covering alcohols. Okay. But if you were to say that at the very beginning of the call, and we could have gone through the whole 13-step program. And we could have saved the hell of a lot of time. And if that's what helps you make it to the day without a little bit of, well, more power to you. Okay. Maybe it'll help me stop eating sugar and starch. Maybe I should pick up the good book. Okay. Let's go back here and get the Bible. Okay. I'm holding the Bible right here. The Old Testament, the New Testament, is it in here? I'm squeezing it. I got my hands on it and the Bible too. And I'm still on starch and sugar. How do you like that? Isn't it said? Didn't work. Well, I haven't worked that hard enough yet. I've got to the first step. Much less to the second one. Oh my God. I apologize profusely to myself. But like I said, you know, I give these people a ton of time, because I'm waiting for the punch line. And the punch line was, you could be covering alcohol in there for, you know, a set of in so on. Great. Here's the lady in my West Palm. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, my name's Cali. This is Neil, right? Yes, ma'am. I have good. Hang on one second. Sure. Okay. Let's see if that may be echo-go. Wait. We're so good. Charmi, let's go ahead. Okay. Well, I agree with the, your new relation. And I'm also a person in a relationship with Jesus Christ. I do think is quite important. Well, what does that mean? A personal relationship. Is it come over for dinner? No. He's probably going to plant a heaven. But, you know, I'm planning heaven or heaven. Planted heaven or pine a holiday. Planted heaven. Hells under the ground. For thousands of miles down. Under the ground. He's down there with Pat Blund. The journey to the center of the earth. How? Yeah. How is in the center of the earth? That's what they say. The center of the earth is like a molten hot, five-dick. Yeah. That's where hell is. Uh-huh. And, you know, the lake fires down there too. Oh, yeah. Mm-hmm. So, um, but I agree with all, you know, if everybody would do no harm to everybody else, it would be great except that there is a real devil. And there is evil in the world. There's a real devil. How come God doesn't get rid of the devil, ma'am? Well, I've definitely can't get rid of the devil because he, he advised by his own laws. If he sets something, if he says something, he's not going to go back on. How about, how about when he got rid of all the man kind except Noah and his family with the arc when he got pissed off because man was acting pretty goofy. He didn't like it. How about when he can't go back on his own word? He changes his mind all the time. He didn't change his word there. He never said that he wouldn't just join the incline. Yeah. Well, what kind of a loving God destroys mankind and he's just looking down and waving his magic finger. It makes man obedient and stop doing all the crap and around. What kind of a sick creature are you talking about? Then you place your faith in that just really nearly keeps destroying all this life that he created. God the father, it's like a mad professor to me. It's God the father and then there's the sun here. Okay, thank you. She's not responding like you're respect because you can't. We have an open line at Broward. Five cents and it's said, these are living and breathing people and they're just repeating by ropes. The same crap that's been pounded into their heads since they were little children. Oh, God, that's the father and the sun. Hail Mary, holy mother of God, but to be better, but to be right. Say 6,000 Hail Mary's, and we can stop all this book. Say 200,000 Hail Mary's, it'll keep you off the street. You're rubbing a rosary beads and father old tools in there and he's rubbing something else. I'll guarantee you that right now. Because he wants to alter your life. Well, what answer do you have? I don't have any answers. I don't want any answers. I don't really give a crap. Doesn't interest me in the least bit. Be like winding up in the middle of downtown Manhattan without a car without a clothing, but you got to, you know, in your wallet, you got to five million dollars in cold cash somehow. You just wake up one day and there you are. In a plush pen house suite, it's some hotel in Manhattan. Now, are you going to say to yourself, how did I get here? Where did I come from? No, you're going to go out there and have a good time. Or are you going to hop on a plane and go wherever do you want to go? That's it. 127 and 5. I've said, tell you, be out of shadow about this. This is beyond religion. That's been in juries. I'm a squeezen. Tightly. Do I still want that in juries? Do I still have those sugar cravings? You bet your sweet ass I did. Hey, yeah. Be your home. Yeah. All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks. To hate all but the right folks isn't all this established rule but your National brotherhood. National brotherhood. We clean our horn and share it in Clark, our dancing chief to chief. It's fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks hate the poor folks. All the my folks hate all your folks. It's American as apple pie. National brotherhood. New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but during the National brotherhood. National brotherhood. National everyone smile at one another. The hood we feed. Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear. All right. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year. That's the American way. You said it's weird. One thirty three and five sixty WQAM. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello? Yes sir. Neil I've been following your advice and thinking for myself. And it's provoked two questions for you. Yes sir. The first is you know you are encouraging all of the older people in date County to get out because it would approve the County. Significent. I'm one. You are encouraging all of the old people. I know. I know. I know. The problem with date County is that there are so many old. No that's Howard County got a backwards or that's Browner. Well, Browner date. No Browner. That's the same. Yes. No it's not the same not at all. Well I've seen a couple pictures of you and you don't appear to be a teenager to me. Yeah. I'm just curious. How old are you? I'm a teenager. What does that have to do with anything? Well I mean if you fall into the category of one of those old people are you going to take your home. It's a place to get out of town. I'll be out of this town long before I ever become a senior citizen. I'll guarantee that. I think you've been saying that for a while. Haven't you been here? Sure. I've been saying it for 22 and a half years and I'll say it again. Browner County is an outdoor funeral parlor. That's right. Yeah. All right. The demographics here are skewed. They're upside down. This is not a real community. You can't go to any other city in the world or real city. A real metropolitan area. And see such a disproportion number of old people. Not nowhere. Question two. Yes sir. And I'm not trying to beat you. No, obviously not. I'd have to the first go part of the conversation. Obviously not. You and your side of the big issue. Such a great thinker. Yes. You know, I obviously anti-religious. Very very much so yes. Very okay. Am I entitled to be on the expressing that viewpoint? Of course you are. Okay. And I will. And I do. But my question is. Yes. Why then do you wear a Yamiko? Because it's a joke sir. And if you're too stupid to understand it, because it's a joke. And if you don't get the symbolism of it, then I can't help you. I thought you said that I had taught you to think for yourself. Gorners tell you in your case. Okay. That's exactly why I wear it. The point out how silly it looks and how ridiculous it is. Got it. You understand it. No, he doesn't get it. But he's got the date and Howard backward. So, you know, what can I say? In addition to which I'm not wearing a skull cap anymore, I'm wearing a nice baseball cap now. Maybe it's a postcard with a pregnant Pope on there. Maybe it's this one. That would be good. The one that says would be more careful. It was him that was the god pregnant. It says the rhythm method. It's not infallible. But then who is? How do you like that? There's the pregnant Pope. What a pregnant idea. Either that or he just had one whale of a meal. Maybe too much fish food for the Pope. Maybe too many kill bosses, huh? Maybe too many parrogies. There lots of Polish food. They make it balloon up like a like a maniac. Like a walrus. Don't you like those pedantic old guys like this one? The pedantic ones who top down to you. Like they're so articulate and so untill it's a little bit of a totally bosos. It's a joker. The Yarmukka is a joker. It's a satire. Do you understand what that means? No. Okay, thank you. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, me. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. I get kept on hold for damn long. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. I would like some pressing engagement or something. You like the light mirror? I'd like to join your organization. Yes. Organization. I'd like to sign up my two children and my wife. How do you do with us? Yeah. And I'm up to six thousand now. Thanks Neil. You know, you're the fat. Listen up. I was flipping around the station last night. The TV. And it was from Guy. John. It was on ABC. He was talking about an asshole. Yeah. We're talking about these people who are channelers. They channel other people from other worlds and all that. Now, this one guy and this one from Brazil has a hope. So many people in the believing that he was channeling some guy and was like two, three hundred year goal. And then the man who runs out of college. Yeah. The guy would be in one room. He would be calling him the answers and the media would be asked. And the answers of these questions. And it was so hilarious. And when it came out that it was all a hope. This was like maybe ten years ago. Maybe ten years ago. That these people still believe this. They don't show it. They just like a few people. They're still setting money. Jimmy Swagger. That's right. It was unbelievable. How these people just say, Oh, it's unbelievable. All right. You all know you're right. How these people just say, what you're doing with your hands. Yeah. To believe this guy. And they came out. Well, let me call you one person. Sure. Just keep this in mind. It's good for making money. Sometimes in the future, there's a lot of dumbings. I'm just going to. The problem was the media because nobody would take and investigate this guy. And one of the things that they said that he did was that his his heart would stop when this guy channeled through him. And the guy showed the trick or what they would do. They would rub her ball on his rib. And he would push you while his nerves would take an assault. And it stopped it. It was such a joke. We don't know where he is. Well, anybody who believes that crap is definitely a rubber ball. We don't have a answer in closing. Deal? Yes. Oh, yeah. Okay. 22 till 2 at 5.6 is out. I'm having a rain. Well, hey. We're here to meet. Oh, the rock. Nothing but who has. On my TV. Who has underlust sheets. And they got nice on their feet. I never saw the house. Smelling so nice. And now I'll have the lower my asking advise. Nothing but contereens lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them dead. Yes. Who has been waving by my. Going to Syria. Syria. We died. All right. Let's do it. 16 of them. And they did. 60. How about some cool aid? How come I have so. How about some of putting? We have an open line in date. One in Broward. 5.670. 5.6. The mobile one line. We want bumper stickers. We want buttons. We want paraphernalia. One. Hello. Hello. It was it. Oh, but there you go. Here's this great courageous old part that's bugging George. All they call 10 million times. And raggedy old boy. It's going to get me off the air. And I should die for my business. But he don't have the balls to go on the air. Is it mad? Something. You cowardly piece of turd. Isn't that beautiful? You turt. Nice. What does that tell you? You know what it sounds like to me. When you come right when you cut away all the bullcraft. You know what it sounds like? He's an old-john provacitor. Exactly. A craft of stirbons. Well, I was doing a pal. I want to go on here and have all your good friends out there. Both of them. Here your voice and have you a show on the asshole you are. Show your big fat ugly pimples. You're a big fan of the old. You're a big fan of the old. You're a big fan of the old. You're a big fat ugly pimple. I've got some. You're a field V, chill out. The way that the way you do you going. Okay, let's go to that one, wasn't it? Oh, that was just an asshole. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes sir. How are you doing today? I don't like Woody. I agree with the 1,000 percent. I'll let you talk about it today. Yes. I got some of my think you'll find funny. I was just pulling on to the highway. I saw one of these big billboards. Yeah. You those find from God? And I haven't seen any of them. I had a lot of calls about them, and I read that thing on paper. I'm seeing any yet, thank you. One of them says, come on! It says, on commercial Boulevard, if you keep using my name in vain, I'll make your rush hour longer. Yeah, I saw that. Imagine that, well, that's typical. That's a kind of God. They invented these. They say this. He likes to make in life miserable for it, God. They will pay for that. God, his pay for it. That's right. He said, come here. And he put up a bunch of billboards. I thought I let you know that. Okay. Thanks for the good news. And bless you, my child. Beal God. Bless you. We have an open line in Broward to a date. They all come out all the good religionists. If you believe that way, you're going to burn in hell. All those good people. And of course, that makes my point for me. I love it. Oh, seriously, they make your point for you. You're going to burn in hell, you evil. You're right. There you go. Just like Tom Lear was singing before the Protestants and the Catholics and the Jews and the Arabs and this one. Now, we're all killing each other for thousands of years now. And we still can't learn our lesson. They're just be people. And dig in a stew in the home. And just leave everybody alone. And stop teaching and breeding for an intolerance and stupidity. Because that's what it's all about. Oh, but the good book says, yeah. And who are this obedient, she'll surely be stoned to that. Oh. Can you imagine that today? He will imagine all the TV shows we can have on our... We could make whammy the stoning station. Then they might get naughty and... All those bradied little kids who did all those evil things. Like every 15 minutes will stone another one. That's right there on Channel, whatever it is. Yeah, that's all of God. Now, that's the... You don't waste any time with stones. Because the kids are all stone. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Enjoy the toast. Good to check today. I'm mindful of this. I don't believe that man's born with the tenth of a pint in or you're calling a common sense. He's not. Am I placing with the DNA? He's not born with common sense? No, I mean common sense or constant. Because it's learned. It's odd. And that would be the role of religion. Is... Do you define... So let me ask you this question. Do you ever have a dog in your life? No, I have that. But you've been around dogs I'm sure. Right. Right. Now, when you're around other people's dogs, for example, who those dogs bite off your hand? Not necessarily. No. No, I don't mean not necessarily, but do they do it. No. No. No, they don't do that. Do they attack you? Do they rip your neck off? Do they open up big gouges and bloody wounds in your body? Well, some might try if they're brought up. No, no, no. We're talking about dogs that are in bread for that. We're not talking about pitfalls. I'm talking about your average ordinary dog. No, they don't. And why is that? Because hopefully because they're upbringing from their owner. No, no, no, no. You can't sit down and say to a dog. Because I have two dogs every of them since they were little puppies. Okay. You can't say to a dog. Don't chew this guy's hand off. The dog instinctively knows certain things at birth instinctively knows right from wrong. Animals breed, right? The somebody teach animals the fact of life, the birds and the bees. Of course not, because they know it instinctively. But my point is there's something that are instinctive. And they're the basic knowing right from wrong. You don't have to read it in the book. You don't like giving me no that if I have a car, you don't take the keys and drive. You don't take the keys and drive away with a set common sense. And you're born with that. Nobody has to teach you that. So you it is because of your upbringing. But let's do an example that's a little more not so clear. You like to gamble right. You go through the track. And you like to, as you call it, cleanse your brains out. No, I don't. I like to gamble a little bit. You have the means to do that. Yeah, let's say a man with a family goes to the track and spends his last hundred dollars that was supposed to go for groceries. Now, he harmed his family. What does that have to do with what we're talking about? Well, I'm saying it's somebody that's got a compulsive gambling. No, it's somebody that has a drinking habit. What does that got to do with the common sense? Somebody has to define what harm is. And that is the role that religion takes. Religion defines. No, no sir, that is not the role religion takes. That's the role that they know. Let me say to again, for a fairly remilord. That's the role of a lot takes. That's the role of the law to define what's right from wrong. Not religion. What's the law? It's like this one over in Tampa a few days ago that a little kid got two year old kid died after he got to be sting. Just like that disgusting thing. That's not the role of religion. And it's been overruled by the law in this country. Time and time again and hopefully always will be. Because just because people are crazy with their religious stuff, both of my students and superstition doesn't give them a right to do harm to their children. You're right, but religion will people who believe in their religious foundation. The law will tell you that law came out of religion, not the other way around. And so you always have to have some defining set of rules. What came out of what religion? Law came out of what religion. What? What? The think of malice or the basis for all is a lot of Christians. Aren't they really all laws in the world came from the 10 commandments? How about a lot of religion? Let me ask you this. How did the Asians learn about the 10 commandments? Where was the Old Testament in the Inasia? Well, I don't know. I don't know. I'm just searching three years. So I'm just telling you, no matter what. No matter what. I'm a mother. I was murder ever legal in Asia and Chinese or Japanese. Society was in ever legal because they didn't know the 10 commandments. So somebody defined in their society. Somebody defined about how could they possibly defined it unless it was just common sense? I don't know the answer to that, but what I'm telling you is people are going to tell you. How can we have a conversation? I'm trying desperately, especially with people that disagree with me. I'm trying desperately because I'm seeing how you did the agreeing. I'm just telling you that you will have a meeting with the five million answer to my questions. You have to define harm and you can define what harm is to everybody and say, and everybody agrees. So that's where. Well, let me ask you this. What is the great, where is the great area by doing harm to another person? Where's the great area? Because what's harmful to you because of your own brain? You're in your own restaurant. You're in your own restaurant. Sir, just a minute. You're talking about people with compulsive gambling problems. It's not. But because the gambler does he see that that harmful? No, maybe not. Of course he does. When he goes home, he can't pay his bills in his family's term. And then that's exactly what I'm saying. Do no harm if he's harming his family. What is it? Do you have time to say it to the gambler who's compulsive? It's not. No, he knows that. Sir, you're wrong. He knows it. When he goes back and he gets given, he will do it. Sure. You don't want you to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. You don't want to. I thought it was somebody like, you know, interesting. This guy's not worth the way to know. Just some old, disgusting, the crepant piece of crap on the beach. All I can say is you turned. Give me a break. I didn't even let him on one of those to call you a thing. I don't care about that. But this guy's worth the weight in the little online. This guy's 100 days got four feet in the grave this guy. Jesus Christ. There's a baby's being put in dumpsters. This old farts taking up space. Dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, 15 years ago in Montreal was a guy who had a radio program at the Sports Program called Ted season. Yes. All of a sudden, never he time it was a Canadian soccer game on. When we came here, he said, come guy, we'd fall off and start getting an analysis of the game. And all that guy was Ron Rouge. Let me tell you something. Three months later after six years on the air, Ted season gets fired and he's taking his job. Ron Rouge. Yeah. I always job from him. What does that happen to do? I don't have no idea who that is. But if you're all the same Ron Rouge falling your program. His Ron Rouge. Which color is Ron Rouge? Ron Rouge is the guy who's just the off again. Well, give us the hockey games what? Who's going to analyze the off again? Did he announce or is he? No, he's not. We don't have anybody here named Ron Rouge. I'd rather go back to Montreal. Okay, if he's your pro. Yeah, thank you. I hope this guy is for the other one. When the old lunatick on the beach man, a match made in heaven. Whoo! Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Give me a favor. See you for get all those guys. Those guys are a bunch of our puts. This is the smoke. It's stuck out for money. Neil, give me a favor. Can you give me a little Larry King? Here's our friend, the S.N.N. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Okay, I got one minute. Very quickly. Let me tell you why I'm an ex-none. Because if I had a teach one more child, he'll marry a little bit of a screen. And that's the reason why I got out of the convent. Because if I couldn't, I really couldn't in conscience try and take young lines and put them into that particular frame with mine. Mm-hmm. So, that's it. Okay. Have a good one. Good bye. There's our friend, the X-None. She got out of a cashew. She knew it was a bad habit. That's right. And she got tired of shaving her headball too, by the way. So anyway, that's going to do do we have one call around here today that made any sense in the course not. D.N.H. We want bumper stickers. We want pins. We want signs. We want billboards. Do no harm, man. No. Very common sense. Do no harm. That's it. That's our new deal. Doesn't cost you a dime to join. Don't have to rush to temple to church. You don't have to pay any dues any fees. Can I talk money? Can I talk money? Any, uh, faith hevers? What is it? Hello. Neil, yes, thank you. Oh, I got a story for you. You're welcome. I got a call yesterday from a reporter in Las Vegas. So you'll never guess who's out there buying up businesses. What we have way to think it's moving into Las Vegas. The gotty family. No. Go south. Not Wayne Hypinga. Oh, yeah. Wayne is buying up stuff in Vegas. Auto dealerships and waste management. Oh, my God. Well, we'll have to look for a new place to go, I guess. You used to be a fun join. Why not? I'm going to use him as a contact. Get calm. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. He'll give you a calm. Remember the end of, uh, what was that movie where James Con was in the, uh, James Woods was in the, uh, what? What's the pun of time in America? Oh, yeah. Do you think the garbage truck at the end? Yeah. I'll wind up with some hack the poker and some. Roots. Wind up. Oh, it did hit. That's right. Unbelievable. I thought you'd like that one. So when's the deal going to be finalized? When's he making the deal? I don't know. They, uh, they called me and asked me to check on her from this end. You know, that, uh, that they had heard out there that they, he'd been seeing out there and, uh, and, uh, was seen in the company of Steve Wind. Yeah. And, uh, that he was looking to acquire. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. If he's acquiring auto dealerships out there, that's something different from what he's been doing in other cities. So maybe the good news is that means he's getting out of here. Wouldn't that be great? Not a, it doesn't do. Oh, you mean, move the family out west? Wait. So who got my God, you finally gave us a ray of hope. He's going to move pick up the whole damn thing. Move out there. He's got to, because we know he wants to unload the Panthers. He's already got the Marlon deal basically, though. He gets rid of the Panthers and then, uh, the, uh, Dolphins to be after that. No, he keeps the Dolphins. But maybe he could leave the Pan Tangeles behind, you know, just to look at it. Frankie Pan Tangely, there you go. He's small potatoes, just like Wayne. Okay. Thanks for the good news, Hank. All right. Okay. Thanks by the way for pulling me. Hello, out of our pizza law, Pleasant. We have a great job. We had a beautiful turn off. Yeah, I'm going to. Okay. Hank's coming up nice. And then we got, uh, what we got? The booster at six. And we got the big ball game that I should be one way out of a pitching series. San Diego at Lannas 745. You are a hot summer day. We have the misses always stop the Dickens. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything. From fruit to vegetables, homemade pies. But there is nothing like their side. Ahead, rad, honey. Dickers side. Yes, sir. Why, even though we were late in the church last Sunday, she had to have a little Dick inside of her. She says there ain't nothing like it. Even my ministry says this is why I've been Joe is a little Dick inside of Marinette. Hey, why don't you bring some home and our protective plastic rib bottle? That way you'll stay fresh. Or you can let sit while and have some hard Dick inside her. It's good at lunch, good at dinner, and there's nothing like waking up with a Dick inside her. Dick is fruit state. Just to a fruit nine double you and country road 69. Open 24 hours. Because after a chill is summer night, I like to snuggle up and bed with a thick inside. We're free. Well, do this morning with our ball popped out of there. Listen, you as this, but it's one of my weaver is like a wet watermelons. Oh, I like him in high speed. We had Rick Weaver on speed during the little warm obsession here before. And he was a hell of a lot better, too, by the way. I'm running back. There you go. There you go. Come on. Hey, listen. If you were to do this car machine, you'd be having a little bit of a technical problem, too. It's one of those things. Nothing we can do about it. I've got a story about the a Mondal bread murderers that's going to be coming up in a minute or two. Oh, yeah. You've heard similar stories on this show on the past, but this one that takes the cake. If I can use that expression. By the way, I want to go back in my word, which wouldn't be the first time because I always think of it as a whole. I've been in the case things changed. Yesterday I said I would never mention many, whatever, unless you'm using an asshole over at Wami and that whole business again. I just want to say this for the ten people that my watch that show. The reason you're seeing old rehashed reruns is because that's what they're putting on because Maddie Lushum has decided that we're not going to put on the stuff because we've got these, I am still in postcards that I've got on my cap that I'm wearing on my head right now. That's already been on the air by the way many, many times with the adjoins and the one that's stuck in the box. So being a hard ass and also he's an asshole. He, and of course having no conversation with me. Whatever, we put it in the call to him two days ago. Rob Kaplan stood right here. We dialed up the number. We got the station. We got Wami on the phone. And did he ever call us back? No. Did he call me at home? No. Did he call me this morning? No. Has there been any discussion with me with any of the operational on people over there about this? No. They care about the near margin. You're late night on Wami? No. Obviously not. But the him being a hard ass about what I don't know. What is the big issue here? Has he told us? No. No. Is he told me anything? No. But they're willing. They just don't care. They just don't give a crap. Which is the Florida way? How do you like that? You don't give a crap? We don't care if we put a recent show on. Lulled show or show from our new years ago because if we're going to blow that thing out anyway. So I just thought I'd mention that to you. So if you're wondering how come you're scratching your head and you're wondering how come you're not seeing on a Wami show. The stuff that we're talking about here in a radio. That's the reason why. Morning. Get my news week magazine in the mail yesterday. This is always comforting. When you buy your magazine in the mail, it says the crash of 99. The crash of 99. Oh my God. And black. On the front cover of this week's news week, he economy at risk. And Japan took a big overnight. And the European markets are taking a big right now. And the Dow's down 111. The NASDAQ is down 63. I'll do you a direct and tech stocks for you. You got real problems. And what are they doing today? The house is going to be voting. I wonder if she should proceed with impeachment hearings. There you go. That's what we're worried about. His blow jobs at the White House. The world economy is going to hell on a hand basket. And what is the United States government worried about? The Congress is worried about blow jobs in the White House. And people don't want to talk about it. And don't think it's a good idea for it to leak out. Everybody's like scored score. It can't get it. Get a gigantic, colossal, may back for the Congress. Because they've got a real serious leak. It's scored score. It probably might be out of San Juno. Sit up there. She could be doing a business hand over a wrist. Oh, and also Ray Recky before I get into my Mundell breadstray, which is going to take a couple of minutes. Ray Recky, and I didn't even know he listened to this show because Ray Recky to me is, you know, not a bad guy. He's just boring. He writes this real terminal column in the Sun Sentinel. Usually about his kid went off to school. Very perocular, very Yahoo. Something he might read in a candidate while messenger news paper. I always see what, but I always see what the columnists are writing about. Just in case there might be something of interest there or something that they're ripping off for me, which in this case he is. Right out of this show, almost verbatim word for word. That's going right. Bad name is heard, but fists don't he says? Let me get this straight. If you're a plan that National Haakey league, it's all right to play your opponent. Sureed up over his head, rendering him defenseless, then pummeling with your fists. In fact, it's almost expected. Players didn't regularly fight punch kicks, crash and gouge one another. Attended to any child games and doubtily would take us of your punch. But if a player insults an opponent's race or national origin, everybody comes out-rages. What's that about he says? And we've become so politically correct that we're now mentally deficient. As common sense, really become that uncommon. I'm afraid so, Ray. And I'm not going to read the rest of the year. But, but he's got an excellent point, which is the one I made yesterday. And the day before, and that is you got Haakey players who are there doing life threatening and in some cases damaging injury to each other, I have continuing diminishing respect for each other's physical safety. And nobody does anything about that. They talk a good game, they're going to do something, but they don't really think about that. And then this Peter Warl incident, which they continue making a big think about it. He's a Darcy Tucker from Tampa spent 20 minutes on the phone with in the other day saying, I never said any of those things. And where else said, I know you didn't. I didn't hear anything. And Peter Warl doesn't have a problem with this, but they want to make another big song to dance because it's politically correct. He's called him a, and he called him a, yeah right. Oh yeah. And of course the fact that he might have sped him in the head or pooped an eye out or something like that. Well don't worry about that, that's part of the game. That's okay, right? Yeah. That's right, makes you more macho. Let me do the breakers. But correction, okay, you do believe it. Because I'm so out of whack, I'm wiped out. I'm out of balance. So thanks a lot, my, my, my, my bread was great. Oh yeah. Don't ever do that again. Can you believe that? Yeah, you can believe it. And of course, there would be a lot of the nails, but you do understand that subconsciously, there are people trying to make sure that you stay fat. This has been going on my whole life. There are people who want to make sure you stay fat and sick. And it goes on and it goes on just like yesterday. Jeff Cohen comes in here with 5,000 pounds of food. Didn't I say I'm not eating anything because I'm going to my mother's for lunch today? What was that food doing in here yesterday? And I told him we packed that place on Tuesday night and making him a lot of money. And haven't we didn't he sit there at the table with our gold thing? And co-herry, talking about the fact that during the summer time, I was the only one. And the only time his business was slow as the seven months I was off the year. Didn't he go on a great length about that. But I made this man tons of money. And talking about this for years on here and people, here he goes on a cigarette, but you know something, it's a matter of trying to stay alive and it's not easy. It's almost impossible to stay alive because they got all these people out there trying to kill me. With kindness, with sugar, with vandal bread. You have to be, you have to be certifiable to give a bottle of booze to an alcoholic. And this is no different, no different. There are people on death row for crimes less than giving a big container of pure sugar. However, it is cookies, cakes, mandal bread, pies, pastries, to a diabetic, a compulsive sugar eater. Who's now sitting here watching that number, they're out of control. There goes. There are cheese. Ah! I'm hanging on by a thread. Cheese. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 out of these natives today, you're not. You think so? Probably not, that's okay. You feel like you're spending too much money on this. I've got the college game of the year right here. It's you and against foreign and state, live from the orange bowl. Game starts at 3.30, right here on sports radio 5.60, you see, you're a huge, I don't know, I'm hanging out of run. Yes, sir. You know, your, your obviously is very intelligent man, but the problem that I think that's going on is partially that you're not exercising the burn off some of that sugar. You can eat some of that food, but why do you want to kill yourself like this? The way the exercise, I understand what you're saying exercise has got nothing to do with your blood sugar. Not, not that fast. Once you get all that sugar in your system, your blood sugar starts souring when you're diabetic. All right, but you start burning. You're not fatty your system. You're not listening what I just said. You can't touch that. You cannot put it in your mouth. I understand that part, but what, what is the obsession of wanting to kill yourself though? I don't. But you do, every, you're eating that fish food and everything else. Yeah, that's right. Good point. So the fact of matter is, I mean, it looks like you want to do it. You think it's, you think it's a psychological thing that I really have a deaf wish. Do you think that could be it? Personally, I mean, I like you a lot. No, that, but I mean, over the years, I know that. You've been doing. You really, you know, maybe it's time you start seeking help them in a way. Yeah. I mean, what are you suggesting doing to yourself every day you don't want to do that? You know myself, kill myself absolutely. You can't even have to be telling you, so does your liver. What's your liver function reading? Liver, my blood fish, all my tests are great. Really? Yeah. You collect your liver. What's that reading? 206. Really? And then that's from the Atkinson. You know, what, my cholesterol? Yeah, it's from the protocol. I'm taking the key but down. I mean, what could you do in yourself? You're taking so many pills. Right? All this crazy. I love blood pressure. Pills for my blood sugar. Pills for my cholesterol, right? I mean, don't you think it's time to, yeah. Don't you think it's time to start changing your regime? I mean, it, it's, it's not regime. Yeah. The way you're going right now. This is, well, I don't know. I understand what you're saying. And I do a lot of my own picking out on my, on my own. But I guarantee I'd probably weigh at least 20 pounds less. And I'm not trying to blame anybody else. But I'd probably weigh 20 pounds less. If it weren't for the unwanted stuff that I'm allergic to that I just pick out on. That people sticking front of my pussy. But you have more. I have no will power. Fat people don't have will power. None. We don't. I was once fat too, but most of us have to, you know, your body fat alone is, is higher than the average person because the fact that you don't over-ram a lot. My body fat is, uh, you can't even count that high. They don't have numbers that astronomical. So why not try something different for me? Why, okay. How about trying to walk around the block a couple times. I mean, start somewhere. Walk around the block? Yeah. Try something for your cardiovascular. You need help. Okay. I'm going to start. I mean, maybe go out a lot of block right now. No, I'm sure I just got through Sam. I'm going to do it right now. Look, you're a very nice guy. Nobody would like to see you go. Just really would love to see me. I'd like to write you around here. We get an 90's here with that. You know, I mean, unless you would probably put that on the day in my Miami again. You would have kept this town would know what to do without you. You know that. I mean, it's sad to say this, but I think really you need to start seeing somebody regarding this. I'm curious if you're around. If I get worse, man. You're right. Bye bye. Thank you so much. I need serious help. I'm raising my hand. Is there anybody out to willing to help a man who is star is killing himself with sugar? No. And start and food. No. Karen Carpet or Kilder's stuff with no food. I'm killing myself with all her wrong food with too much crap. In fact, when he stick me in the ground and put on the tombstone, they can just put a 8 too much crap. That's it. Right there on the tombstone. He was killed with. I wanted it. We're not that. He was killed. That's right. We have an open line at Broward to end date. 560-60-60 on the AT&T Wireless line. I mean, he got was very nice, very concerned. And it sounds very simplistic, doesn't it? Do you know how many fat the number of fat people in this country is increasing by the minute? The low fat, uh, scam. Total scam. Fatter and fatter and fatter. And there are the fact is that like I said yesterday, which I know it's a boring topic. But it's a truth. Sugar in the starch car killers. For millions of people, you can't touch him. You can't eat them. Did I go there with him to do I ever eat dessert in my mother's house? No. Do I ever ask for cakes or nobody cooks better than stuff than my mother in the world? But do I ever want it? No. Oh, I ever touch it to my aunt's house. Of course not. And now because my good friend Cheryl was there and I'm not blaming her. Don't go blaming her. But of course because she was there, that wasn't if excuse. Let's whip out the old sugarwood star. Cook an aplica storm. Make it a bunch of crap. Make it a bunch of crap. Was there any doubt in any of the things you've been doing? No. There was no doubt in my mind. Wait back in the recesses of what used to be my brain. Here's a call from homestead. Hello. Yes sir. Come wrong with a phone. I called in. Okay. Call me back. Call us back. You know something? We're getting dicked in Dave County on his phone. I'm telling you that right now. We got a crappy phone system to begin with. And somebody with Bell South. I'm going to tell you right now. We're going to bring in sugar. Shilaw combs and everybody. Ross P. Row. Columbo. We're going to have a major investigation. What's going on with our phone lines here. Somebody's dicked with our phones system here. We said, or yesterday and watched those three day lines. Simon, can you remember that? All of the same time. Is there any chance that that's possible? No. First not. Just click. They all just have vanished at the same time. People getting cut off because somebody's dicked with our day lines. Or maybe the whole guy damn phones system. But especially the day lines. You're not fooling us. Probably I'm good for it. Larry and Mixen over there. Bell South knows something about this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, they pump. 5, 6, the on the AT&T line. All the day lines are open as usual. But I don't want to blame the audience for that. See, this is the game that they like to get you into. But guess what? We're having a deep pressure man. I'm going to come in every single day and take that big fat paycheck. Because cash is where it's at. Let's see if it's any better. Are you back? Hey Neil. That's better. Yeah. Somebody's dicked with our day lines. Don't give it a dick inside or listen. I'm one that's been on an extra. Oh crap, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. The point is I've been on this program for over three years. I still crave sugar. But I tried to make my son, I had a friend that died about 30 years young. He died 30 years. Yeah, he died from drinking booze and it made me aware of my health. Am I blood sugar with 300 when we checked it? Jesus. My blood pressure was up to 200 plus. You know. And I got any seconds. Program of blood sugar slowly got down. Now it's normal for the last two years. What is it? I can't say it works for everybody because nothing works for everybody. It works for me and I can't do it. I had the same thing. Listen, believe me. What I had to do was just to put my son in. Pulling nuts with me. The stashios and I shall am I just need him. I found out that if I just stay away from all the sweet. People who don't have these cravings and these problems these days. They can't relate to it. They don't have to tell you these people are weak. It's an addiction. It's no different from alcoholism or drugs or any other damn addiction. You're on the bone. The other thing is I stayed on and I found out that my cravings have decreased. I still have. Yeah. Periodically, I have to go on with cream. When you talk to all of you, it has a sacred. You got to get that I'm hiding. You honestly got to. I know that. I think I got to go back and see my friend, Bertana, get hypnotized again. Don't taste it. Don't taste it. Use it. eens na prejudice,HAHAAAHA