Oh, we're sorry the seller made an error. I don't know it's supposed to be two people there when they open the envelope from the ATM And I'll put you 2750 back in your child, but nothing nothing happens to the seller, but you know You want to get good service next time you go there talk to the security guard. He'll get you straight Oh, the whack in that guy. Yeah, he'll give you just right now. Yeah. He's a whack in that's good. Okay. The wacky guy. He's whackin it I mean, maybe maybe it's only me. Maybe again. It's my peculiarities have an eccentric old fart whatever it is But I just find it very bizarre that when I would call my bank this security guard would answer shoe for oh, you know I don't get it Too open lime. I'm probably the only person in all of America who would be kind of taken a back by that Yeah, and not even answer by saying I'm your uncle bank. You know like like a business hello You know, and I figured maybe about the wrong number and then this time is going along here We lies I don't have the wrong number. They haven't like a grab ass party over there in a bank Two open lines in day five six and passed eleven o'clock or you got it Fort radio five six you I really sure why then back to my was in a mood to hear that it's 11 15 at five 60 W Q I want to thank my close personal friend Richard over to him or coast they are the nicest people on the face of the earth They wrote a letter to our sales department It touched the money letter about the tremendous effect of advertising on their show and on this station in about their new Location in North Army Beach and how they're opening has been far beyond what they've respected thanks to this show and my large lower audience and you people out there Emerald coast do we love them or what great? But I mean this letter. I've you know over the years you get a lot of nice letters from sponsors saying yeah We got great results and then so but this is just this ought to be framed It is just beautiful. Thank you Richard Now see there this weekend by the way, and now this well, maybe one of these days this weekend maybe Saturday We have an open line and did walking game on Sunday George life revolves around a hockey games baby Hey, you tell by these dynamic hockey calls we get I'm sorry about the ice being so bad we've had at least no calls about that They don't know what it's all about that's why they keep going back there and they're having a great time And if you bet today Hey Played ladders little out of more distorted come on. I think Have a good time you believe us you believe it. No come on work on it get in Oh God why he said that? Let's go to a mobile and don't leave each. Come on hello Leo. Yes Hey, what you're saying about the ice right on him and look at Edmonton make sure they quit for it's up Edmonton that crane you're nothing in the paper dude Which I guess he also saw has got the only really great ice in the whole national hockey league and the rest of the league sucks And the worst ice isn't these new buildings like the macarena building Hey, you know, funny about your security gun. Yeah The way to answer no doubt Unbelievable is that incredible story. It's a true story In fact, the second call the second one for it. That was probably the cleaning lady, right? I I mean I said is this so-and-so bank and there was like Like a long pause and like like I caught them in the middle of something Like maybe they were all in the vault together. I have no idea what was going on over there And then all of a sudden it was kind of like a slow You know, you heard the phone go like on the cradle like very slowly and like Oh, we don't have time at this crack because there's nobody here that knows nothing right now I Mean one one thing I've discovered about doing business is that if it's a bank if it's a Shoe store whatever it is you'll find people Who really one or two people in most places? There are a couple of people that really have their Together, okay, we need to know what's going on and then you'll find like a whole bunch of other people who have who are coolest Kind of like around here when you come right down to us There's us me and George and then Okay, where do we go? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. I'm all Hey, uh one-time first time all right anyway. You were talking about your two-cane and I wasn't talking about it that goof all was talking about it Oh, you mentioned it as well too that that's what we have to look forward to anyway my employer just sent a letter to all the 1000s what the boy you saying that Very okay great he said the It's the fan We have an open effect that's did you see I'm as this morning it'll hold big face full Because the uh hit the fan yeah Up a lot of Dave I just I'm sorry I hate to keep talking about him and and now I understand why people hate me like poison I still draw to this show when you're listening right now It now it's kind of a perversing I in the morning there's nothing to watch anyway You know I'm getting ready to come to work. I'm sitting there taking all my vitamins in my my blood pressure medicine Like extra doses before I come in here and I'm alive Oh, Jesus this is embarrassing as hell Matt yes, yes, yes, you what's going on man? I've phone is light enough. Where you what's what's going on? It's about a security guard You don't know the story I I've heard bits and pieces from people calling me here We don't have the security guard. Well whatever the guy is well, maybe he was just hanging out having five chicken. I don't know it could be We have fried chicken everyone. Well, there you go see that must have been Monday. I'm gonna have to be in five chicken They knew we're out so you didn't get it. Get any what happened? What happened was that I got one of those little notices in the mail I said that I was overdrawn it was somebody's mistake over there because I made it a positive and a wrote myself a check I got always doing the same time so it was like a little a clerical error which is no big deal And I called there and you weren't there and the phone rang several times is this 330 on Monday and finally a Dark-complpted person answered the phone you got in gyro girl. Guy a guy. I roll. I did it Is there's nobody here that fits that description and I said is math there is that I think she's here I thought she's as he must be on how that such change he's been talking about all these years man I don't know it. I don't know it. And so then there was like a long pause man some young lady came on and I said is this Republic's history Banged he's I And then there was like a long pause and then I heard the dial tone you called my number. Yes, and I call the number back And I know it was the right number because she picked it up cold the next time this young lady and Then I explained her the mistake and she went better beat better boot. But I'm and while I said just tell me what the balance shows now Of course it was plus you know a thousand dollars whatever I said okay, then I guess it's been straightened out But I just found it very she said oh, Matt's not here today. He's out the hijack and somebody's car doing something I don't know what happens is we've got a phone here that is available for customers to use it They want to call their girlfriend or wife or whatever and it might be that when you call You were calling in when someone was trying to call out and they picked up the phone We're gonna have to take that phone away from the yeah The customer service area It was a security guard. Oh, no, we don't we don't have one of those. Yes, you do I swear We don't have a security guard. What is that guy that's always standing in a lobby there? He's just hanging out waiting for the chicken to come in. What are you talking about? There's often a guy that stands in there with a black outfit on I don't I don't know who you're speaking of sometimes we get some jobs that come in here to make their deposits No, not a cop like a security guard outfit Maybe he just posing as this security guard I don't know we haven't had security guard about two years. Yeah So it was just the bottom line is we didn't charge anything, right? No, no, there's no problem with that That parts are three now. Okay, but it was just a bizarre Experience you. I'm calling the bank Expecting you talk to a real living and reading person. That's what they come huh? That's me That's your but you weren't there and so haven't at least some both of us just decided he would pick up the phone You know what you should think about it Like if you were walking past the pay phone, you know you see this happened you walk in past the public pay phone and it starts ringing And some people actually will pick it up people do that right I that's that very well might be what happened and I'm gonna take just because of this I'm taking the phone away from there so anybody else wants to use the phone Now I'm gonna get blamed for that. Well, hey, what can I tell you? God damn meal Look our public phone away And we get lots of people the mailman. He's probably listen to you right now He comes to use my phone every day. There you go But I will not get neither with him. I apologize if you call here and you have a problem You know who you are he told me and call my cellular phone or whatever You this this should not have happened. I apologize for that anybody who's listening to me out there This is not normal procedure. We don't have a security guard. And if we did we wouldn't have met her in the phone Well, you had one for one day anyway. I would go check the fault if I were you I'll quit. I'm gonna go back there right now and check it. Okay, man Hey, I'm sorry about no problem. All right. See you. Bye There's my good buddy Matt from Republic security bank Tony's a great guy get you're out of the phone There takes good care of me not good enough But hey, he's got a wife, you know we have an open line of date one and proud that maybe that's what it was all about Just a couple of intruders there who just happened to be wandering by the phone right All right, look at this five car accident I-95 North Island approaching baby Boulevard. Oh, and by the way that bullet. They were talking about yesterday There was not all the news cast they've got loose Was that on baby road All right, I don't recall that thought that didn't hear because I saw because I was driving home from my house from lunch yesterday And I'm driving up baby road extension to 595 and I look over to the left there I see all these cop cars. There's a camera crew and I must have been the bowl over there They got loose which got tremendous coverage by the way You would have thought it was one of the most important stories in history mankind Little bit of loose Bull and top Anyway, the two left lanes of 95 North found our block two cars have overturned the laser building rapidly back to Griffin road So if you're thinking about going north found on 95 in that general area, I would differ give it Hit the Hershey highway Let's see here's a got to back last week from three weeks and I'm stood on then London He says sorry, but London is one of my favorite places I've been going there twice a year for the past ten years Oh my god, all I can say Anyway, to remedy your limit over no good food and I'm stood on you might consider cup praises viewers throughout 240 a tag in food with great any fossil and pasta Cossardly David Wouldn't you know those grease would have a hole in the wall huh? Yeah, I don't think he's talking about that kind of a hole in a ice going Alan. Do you ever have a way with words or what? Hole in the wall was very fresh salad And if yeah They'll fall for right there. Yeah, and they toss the salad also let's see. I'm Saturday The I don't know what you would the what anyway? Yeah, that's something like that if you're into it or anyway Are they into it yet? They are if it's in a bottle They're into it Know the innuid Indians they have this line with the like little For the answer like this and how do you speak civil if I try to figure out how you're pancreat So finish is that kind of a line? Well, you look like that Indian it's got like instead of like tradition I mean you'll look at some of the names of the streets like regular beer or I stopped They're like 700 letters. I mean just you know you just become familiar because the arrow was pointing it away to Russian and there's the Plice called conscious dreams over there and the youth hostile meeting place and you got some idea that you're getting closer to the right part of town But an impossible line. Which do you want a great thing being knows that everybody under the age of 100 over there speaks English? No excuses okay for all you pussy the want to go to London because you are afraid to go somewhere. They don't speak it in place People like that to me are just such party poopers people are afraid to go like the Italy or the France or any place else because they know speaking in ways Gordon Italy that's half of the fun of it Because in all the big cities in Italy like Roman Malan and forensic for it they're catered their geared toward tourism And so he or go to be a trotteries the little bomb and proper as well and again many of the places they have little baskets of menus And they'll have the menu in a tie and of course, but also in Spanish and English in Chinese Lots and lots of Asians by the way and it'll tell like you're promoting by label as a busster No, I'm promoting smart tourism as a poster to guide the enfranch which if you don't speak French they won't yield an inch You wrote a Paris if you know if you can't understand a little bit of the menu in first forget it because they will not accommodate you They don't give a crap take your American money and roll it out your ass. They don't want to know from you But in Italy you go to any place and they will accommodate you whatever you wish it would align with you speak because they watch your money good business Here's a mobile info order deal. Hello Meal good morning. Yes, sir. How are you great? Well Where the better the subject you were just talking about about racial and so forth my wife of the past 15 years Prior to me Mary and her she was assaulted twice by Black men their force. He has black the door is possible wonderful children What are the married and well one of them is we don't right now? but Sir kids are white now imagine the dogs are Complexed mother where the children one time somebody's through Is the same as a white man is the same as an easy and is the same as anybody else? Absolutely And like I told someone in long time ago the person you just called they The one the epithet the end word Maybe that and we'll save your life one day Mm-hmm and But I have to say no. Okay, we love you have a great life. Oh my god Okay, we have an open don't forget this Saturday new to that our promotion department and our sales of manager all these people are working feverishly With Carol let's send a one to make sure that if it remember we raised the 20 grand for Phil On his CD for a charity that doesn't even not even hear it's the last annualist charity And we raised 20 grand for Phil or I can a few weeks like you know time at all and then and I'm gonna say this and all honesty I love Philly's a great talent all you can eat me grow that one bit on there's one of the funniest things in history mankind There are a couple of other cuts on there that are you know pretty amusing and the rest of it is you know You can take it or leave it. Did all of them say? Can we ever had a request for any other cut on that CD ever? No, no, Margaret be circling what is it? Margaret be circling yeah, more than that's another one's pretty good But I mean, so I'm not knocking and but I'm saying that there's that one great fit on there But we got a thousand of those sold in a heartbeat and a few weeks 20 grand no fuss no must no problem But here we're trying to do our own thing and manner we have in problems up the old back-o two open lines in dead while I am Hello My home is there will you hang up on me if You keep talking like this? No, I disagree with you about one Well, I'm looking to get I can't get a good DM Yeah, yeah, sounds like you're already taking a lot of phone, okay Alphalon and Broward go over to Britain. Okay. They'll sympathize with the most of the British haven't had a good in years That's why they had that constipated mentality plus they can't get they can't cut the undoical courtman They can't get rid of that royal family Which is why the men over there are like pussy and sushi all of them Well, that's the big sex scandal by the way they find out our girl these are my decontates in the British cabinet you read about that For them now date Brits yeah Isn't that it redundancy Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Oh, great can't wait Okay two open lines in date to a Broward 567. Oh 560, 560 on the 18t wireless line Just breakfast for that Here's a mobile in Pembert pie. So, oh, hello there. Yes, sir Have a question and a comment yeah Somebody the other day you use a lot of British phrases not me I think it was like Raise the sympathy something but it was like hot stuff or something like that hot stuff hoist Yeah, what does that mean that means ticket good? What that means? Yes How about the cello I expect it? Well, what do you think it meant? Well, no, I had no idea what it meant Do you think it has something you would like Brian's house? No, no, no, no, I was somebody I So we don't what what are you doing and I said well, I'm my Somebody passed away and whatever else and they said oh and that's what they said that's what it's not like they said Yeah, that's what you say when somebody tells you that I love the one pass away just on cock's a hoist Okay, we have two open lines and oh there's so many guy I'm in so little time It's a lot of 54 waterdale can beat that jade or meat At the 56th WQM I got headgoat bird coming up at two from Schummer State to the books to rich six at capital in 10 We got 400 open lines for you here today five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Mobile in four waterdale hello Mobile in four waterdale going once going twice have a great life Here's a lady in for I know You can give one to me what is so good what is so good yeah? It's a holiday What is it not sober all I can trade is the holiday out sober and it just sounds very funny I want to say it but I got to know what it is and it comes every year It just just like some of us when it comes every year Okay, I love you. You make me wrap our loud okay, happy circus. Thank you. Okay, yeah You don't eat home and tation on circus we gotta get these go and educated out there for crisis and maybe We'll have like a real Jew calling it tells what circus really is okay Give us some of the background bubble-like seas behind circus because every Jewish holiday just like everybody else is holiday It's got to have a sufficient amount of bubble-like these fairy tales behind it Otherwise what's the point of celebrating? Circus and you know Kipper and we got the Shivou is and we got some of the store and we got poor Malito home ent�s and we got some really great need holidays And the only reason that there's you on Kipper the day of a tumour when everybody's supposed to fast is to make up for all the other Jewish holidays when you're supposed to pick out It's kind of like the Ying in the Yang you have to like a balance it on so what am I gonna have for lunch here today by the way? What do you like agonizing ringing your hands about it since I noticed you already I just read it left over from yesterday's left over one Greek salad speak to the Greek Greek salad By the way, the rumor is that they're lined up at the tourist beer office now. They're all in a way I'm still and try to find that little Greek hole in the wall 5 6 7 5 6 they pump 5 6 the animal mobile one line anybody out there can tell us what circus is What's the significance? No, what are the bubble micees behind it? No, we what do we eat on circus? No, we fan Oh, we go slow Here's a mobile and baby hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, what's your show last night or you're the one? Hey, I got a look. I'd you like an audio how you must have a good set if you hear this sound Yeah, hey listen, I can give you a little bit of criticism about one Well, you know, just the TV show. I think it'll lose about 40 pounds We've the chinty cut that bowl off above your right eye. Huh, anything else? Yeah, get a son dance. I think better. Can't go milk anything else He's got that radio crank up in the back. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. They're I hope you enjoy it He was the one I want to show. He's a critiquing. We have an open line in Broward. I in of course You can't even hear the sounds. What does that say about him five six seven? Oh five six the inside the people will just hear it's when I show first start. Oh, he's worried the blue shirt today He's got the orange shirt on tomorrow and then he's got the Pius shirt on Wednesday That was the instead of involvement in the TV show from the radio audience I mean we had a lot of people watching out there was a whole different group of people not the people who listen during the daytime Once was the more than enough for them But there was a whole different avenue of people out there who were actually watching even his asshole who knows exactly where the mole is and what color it is on Tuesday and what shade it is on Wednesday It's set of one so on Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello, hey, they're gone. Yes, sir. Take it. Can you take any more criticism today? That's it You show that you showed great I know it's all like I've talking about but eat you try you could use a little bit of a fun tan Yeah, I'm not saying how about some makeup I could have put on during that show. I like to eat all those other pinks He's looking people to chat and you're like like you look like white water down. He looks like a he looks like Tara Yeah, but God no listen That's how you go on vacation. You got to put a God put the best in the on no chance Guys kill and just cut kill on your audience Oh, yeah, 23 years ability is going to kill in one week. I'm well. Why is that what is he doing the kill the audience? It's an interesting there's nothing there. There's no comedy. It's all It's straight serious talk about what what are you talking about that was straight? How do you know what you think? Talk about straight Cuba care? Yeah, you got it. Yeah, I don't know what you're gonna figure with fluid. Yeah, well, I was guys got pinky pubic here Okay, I'm sorry. That's one of things you need to be working on palestrating out your goddamn pubic here We have an open line and braward all three and day to again as we continue just working working this audience working the room Working the crowd feverfully probing and feeling in squeezing 5 6 7 0 5 6 they they're all critics out there. That's one thing I love about this tough They're all critics they all can do this better. They all look better than I do. They got better complexions It's set over so on I Got this for I hope for your sake you look better than I do. I'll tell you that right now But I've seen many of you in the many cases you don't I've seen lots of you and believe you me You make me or let me say it again like Brad Pitt and speaking a bread pit Which I mentioned I yesterday the reviews I read about that grotesque holocious movie Colocious is that another oh kind of word. Yes. It is Joe Black deep in the red for struggling universal Meet your black has a long way to go to stay out of the red for universal studios It says Training weekend box office lead of the water boy in the strong reopening slasher sequel I still hope what you did last summer Meet your black rose 15 million to pukey dollars for a third place debut pretty week week The bread pit film is far from recovering its production budget of more than 85 million dollars and the lackluster Opening did little to help the hit star of universal now next to last among the major studios in market share Meet your black is a bomb Maybe lobbomba With her without Brad Pitt and that's what he blonde here And I do mean phony blonde here. You know what it wanted to go to look like Brad Pitt got to be walk it around with bleached blonde here When you look that good, why do you have to start that would be like him go around getting a nose job I don't get it College owns we understand nice job by the way Paul Might have to give a nice job and she had a nice job here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello, yes, sir Just a little public service announcement if you're driving 994 or 994 995 the baby boulevard you're gonna be sucking traffic. I'm not a wreckage. It's still all backed up. Yes, sir Did know it's there are been announced that I just wanted to let everybody know it's still all backed up way way back Okay, we don't see no thank you sir They had a five car wreck. I was just wondering about that it must have been a psychic color there I was wondering whether I should announce it again because sometimes they clear those things up real quick not down here though Five car wreck north found 995 approaching Jamie Boulevard the two left lanes are blocked two cars overturned It's a mess and there's an hour go delays were building up all the way to Griffin road like this guys is it's backed up So unless you want to be sitting there and there's nothing there are a few things in life more frustrating than sitting in a middle of a wreck going nowhere Well, the only things worse than that is go to a hockey game and fighting out that there's a goddamn soccer game in the orange bull on the same knife Anybody remember that? God And if there's 80 that they that they scheduled two events downtown on the same night at about the same time That was real nice, okay You are Jamaican guys out there was it who was it you making him Brazil something like that? Oh, that's right. That's what I got all hostile on neighborhood Well, you know what take that soccer ball and All right, but say good weed now what am I having for lunch? This is a dilemma. It's already 10 past noon almost I don't know where you in the world. Let's have chocolate. Okay. Let's get there. What's your name? Stacey's balls Huh, no sauce Okay, I don't want to be no no this is the bottom because the price is right and the service is great And we love Chuck and we love Naci but no sauce I actually had a good day on a scale yesterday. How do you like that? Under 200 let's hear it. So like I said let's lose 37 pounds So I can be skinny like all the other popular people on TV like loudass Limbaugh used to be in their jail, you know And that would bring you used to call them all the time jadeline. Oh, how's really we doing by the way anybody here? My lady no, wasn't him no more. Here's a mobile in hell and they'll hello suck it through the Ball festival for harvest yeah, that's it. What does that mean? Thank you, so I would trust also it's a good eating holiday sure. Hey, okay. Thank you, sir So in other words I have the gentleman to pay or you're definitely burning hell. Oh, yeah, we're gonna be burning in hell I'm at Lake of fire with all these crazy superstitious people need to be locked up and put away for the safety of all arrest of us please With all their crazy bubble mice these older stories two-op-aligned and grow-a-counties for the person because I'm trying to think of anybody who doesn't show on TV mail or female that I might have a sexual fantasy about besides Brian or cross Maybe can be curly on CNN speaking to maybe lose a 2-300 pounds See these people that we got all these critiques. I hate to break the news here But you look into people around television if we're in the ones who are very successful and there are fat and a re-engrotesc Whether it's rosy whether it's a rosan whether it's that the match is Oprah who's lucky guy than human accordion one day She's 400 the next day she weighs 40 pounds name me one top-looking person on a top show on a new show on television one Could I get back to you yeah get back to me on it Anna and name you one mail female in different Which is why people are for the channel so much we desperately look and that's why tens got a little bit of a number there because they had some naked people under renown and some of the look pretty good Here's a mobile in portloaderdale hello Yes, sir welcome back first. Did you get the TV The program last night I did You're at think of this 25 at one point a lot of times during the game 25 to some of players on the ice What the X-mas is yeah, yeah, you're gonna be your both-way great last time but two bad about that crappy ice again Apocalypse bouncing around even lines been in the referee were making jokes about it It was a pathetic the quality of the ice is so bad and of course in Pittsburgh There are 103 million in debt there when the virgin losing the franchise again and they probably can't afford to keep that refrigeration going too cold I'm saying right with amazing when you think about it. I don't want to go back to them And what's the point? But you got a point you can't live in the past They're not that big a million mistakes here. What can I tell you? 25% of the players who are the ice. Okay, let me rest at that. Thank you Okay, we got two calls left at the board this guy just blew them all up. Thank you very much sir You're keep saying the same thing over and over again. It's it's changing. It's boring St. Henry's struck a play great last night. I sure is how wish we hand them on the pan through still how level player and even with the crappy ice He was the one guy must have a let's say had the right blades on his skates last night or something He was smoking he was flying up and back in and out all over the guy there plays nice going Marty. There's a real player for you But you know just sitting here and whining and crying about the same spilt milk over it over again You argue a Sunday the fires will be here there'll be the bees are we had that woman a call up yesterday She's gonna be there Sunday rooting for the bees are what kind of a fan is that? What kind of a fan is that? I mean I like the bees are okay. He gave us a lot of good games Never stole a freight train. He's got a great relationship with God But you know, so what's the big deal? I'm gonna root against us because the bees who's gonna be I hope we score 10 goals on fully on Sunday Shock the hell out of everybody She's gonna be there rooting for the bees are you know people like just want to go in and have a lot of spite and they're well What's the point? That would be like my bringing at no BM side of the arena on Sunday Why gonna be doing that? Oh, just right? Get that sound guy act up again. I never talked about that the fact that that asshole sound guy was the one that said that Wait, wait, not he was going responsible for that ever in act and got into a lot of trouble about it What's his name? They star yeah, who used to work here by the way and got canned so they tell me because he was not too great Hey Two open lines of day counting five six seven. Oh five sixty, but that's one or four forty one and I was very wrote With the best thumbs in history of the human race and great meats and great all kinds of stuff and great people two by the way and Excellence unbeatable service Here's a mobile in South Miami hello Hello, no, yes, sir. Hey Let me ask you something if you hate it so much down here the why do you say? What what does that mean you listen to the show every day? Yeah, and so what's your problem? But there's I mean who's other places worth the portion South West Florida? I'm not a Southwest Florida Well, you talk about our story and talk are we? What are you talking about maple? I don't live in maple sir. I live in South Florida southeast Florida the gold cut the old coast I don't know I just think you're a little too hard I'm the hard You're a bit personal sir, aren't you? Yeah, we can out here you're from down here and And then you're happy about what's happening to this town you like the way things are here now. Oh, like everything But not that bad compared to what? Oh, compared to far to Nevada compared to where? Get this guy a map in a compass, okay another dummy far-go Nevada We're in Southwest Florida always complain about sir. I'm gonna tell you something you're a perfect example of why some of us are pissed off about down here If you could tell stupidity by the announcement The billionaire we could retire mid-dice tonight Perrocio dumb people had never got out of the guy that who think that whose idea of a big great trip a hot vacation is a trip to singer island That's the idea of a wild time in the old town And you know, this is the said part about it most Americans you give them a math and you say okay point out in New York state I the point out Florida even people who live in Florida they can't find it and on the map either Just look at something on a map that looks like you're strong. Okay. It's droopin down there. There it is. That's Florida. Okay. It's drooping And of course every time Florida takes it Yeah, shoots off another one those little Caribbean islands down there. That's right Just like say lawn or Sri Lanka or whatever it is India took a big dump in there It came that little turt of an island down there above those tenth world people We have an open line in day one and India still has the number one movie industry in the world Are you worried about I am worried about what's done? They got a very big thing over there. I'm glad that I mentioned that they have a a moon movie about two lesbian Yeah, and India and very totally unspensioned what they you know they got that commas future they're big of a sex It's not like that same if they're not digging this sex, but they're quite surprised that for them This is the first time there's been a even public recognition of female homosexuality and they have a big A dichmovigone on over there in India so let's hear it for the Indians are Oh, John will ram all whatever is named was the Indian boy in the elephant remember that on the enemy divine show before you were born course Not what how can we get a copy that really? And you remember when on a bus to Brown show he used to say punk your magic crying or frog You can't if you said that on the air today or straight to jail. Okay. That's the way there's an American today And then three parts of society we got what we say about the Indian boy. Yeah We used to write on the elephant he blew his money and boozed by the way He did Just we got a lot of money for the couple of movies you made and directed all but I thought he was an Indian boy from India not from not from A cow or somewhere I'm telling you those Canadian Indian guys they got a big alcohol problem. I'm not kidding. I understand What do you think they got why do you think most since they make all that money up there little bath The bats making so guy there much money. They were able to buy our hockey night and Canada from most and because all those Indians up there are got those long cold night That's right go leave skull baby Dude in a capstock now we're talking some serious crap 26 pastanes two eight You The and some of how don't you try that our past we have found with courtman actually by which some day even if you're a guy got a property one at five sixty w qn we have two up and I today you know that guy that called a minute ago to go together need to accomplish a road math at uh... functionally a little human being or excuse for one affectionally there are I'd like to know what it is that I say about this town what is it that I express about the way business is done here or any other comments I have about the way people drive here they're intolerant to each other about the politics here what is it I say that's wrong I'm always here in that well if you don't like it so much why don't you go someplace else well because I don't feel like it okay because I'm making out here okay even in spite of the stress level in fact maybe I thrive on it maybe I'm a massacist but I'd like to I'd like for somebody to tell me what it is that I exaggerate about is there anybody out there that believes that the way business is done in this town is the way it is any place else in America no any other civilized play no no way who's a but I'm an open suggestion okay I'm sitting here I will listen very patiently to any other a little regards like him or their bulldoche girlfriends and why here's a mobile in Miami hello hi hi you're a little bit okay sir good I was calling him a god to you ask if there are any talks show stand and look quite attractive yes there's supermodel but I think leisure begins and a maria husband quite attractive maria husband yeah I think so okay those lesas okay yeah just don't like the way she says lesa that in the lipstick set of go that's it that's kind of no forget about richy lake oh no not on my boat like I said that's a great day okay open on it brought to a day I might come on my spirit kneels to critical okay we're sick and had all his belly I can tell not the way it is let's just straighten his ass out here today while he's in the middle of a great lunch from truck stop center meatballs and cheese and onions thank you thanks Naci what is this good stuff hmm here at can two by the way let's hear it second day on hackin I could actually give you the hours but you don't want to hear about it here's a mobile in poor waterdale hello hey long time second time call or all right deal how about him gigante he's pretty sweet him gigante right who is that on the oven all channel seven out of watch channel seven she's a good looking lady she is sweet is Brian Andrews probably not that's way okay thanks yeah are we gonna go through this now so sorry as that question open line in brought all day five six seven oh five sixty I should probably play some music so I can enjoy my lunch and piece you know all series the big enough in the same now I have some very you know I put them on a spot I invited them the call and tell me where I'm wrong they just don't have the courage of their commission oh he's too negative that guy that's actually you know he tells it to the way he's easy we're very big about this down we like the pistol action we like the guy they might lead away and driving on the road we like all this crap come on my spirit we have a good time like magic Johnson man I'm looking on my god they're meatballs don't forget the cheese button that you know something that is the worst sounding piece of crap in the history of human race twenty six years ago and other something that should have been left in the dust bin of musical oblivion and here we are twenty five or twenty six years later long during literary is fighting these pedophilia charges whatever one of these and and their plan is that every guy they're sporting event is this is some kind of a great recording wouldn't you rather you're like no town at a ball game anybody I'm just just for example if you're going to take old music from the seventies or how about the beach boys how about fun fun fun how about something you know they don't get the crowd going a little bit but something that you might want to hear again someday as opposed to it's six out of the music is sour it's stored in it's six it's class hey oh my god all that glitter is his old make no mistake about it you're a little bit my name hello yes sir I just got something I want to say you're talking about Canadians and I'm a Michigan or originally now I wouldn't for a world where you're from I'm from uh... right uh... we used to go on the weekends with co-opicated up to the country there you go that's why we're just making a comment about most of the guys over there are trying to be right to be the look to those long-term winners maybe you go yeah and see on the piece bridge ambassador bridge okay see on the s-o-fort express way baby all there's nothing like you try used to be anybody here did for the company the other day no that was a high-led in my birthday hearing from dick we have to open lines at broad five six seven five sixty five sixty five sixty on a mobile online let's get with it let's hear about it all the good things about some of the good things about it let's be more positive here anybody want to do that let's get with it now that guy had a great point even though he didn't know where the he was on the map on the earth on the globe I mean you talk about education system in America that that's an awesome work in education there's no such thing people are can't even look at a god damn that and no which state like where is Missouri on the map uh Missouri what the was that the show me state and it is Missouri the show me state please say it is yes well show me on a map or god damn misery is all can't find out well maybe a city like besides the Lewis and Missouri huh any one besides Kansas city the one that's not in Kansas here's a mobile and well manners hello hey you know how's it going great you're gonna think of a league but uh you know when I'm afraid to make uh you know the wind ruffle is on the end the work with Russell is WKAT she's been my program director I think that she is L. T. so after she's uh getting pretty old I hate to break the news but she's like 50 but I think she's well-coerved she's very well-preserved you're right uh can't go from the doos bag you're ahead George Corey you are a douche bag and you are right you are free you can't have a great day for okay we have an open line I mean the good but that's the way guys are I mean they're a lot of the heterosexual guys and a lot of facts too I mean they don't know how to carry what it's connected to a face to you that gets them that's enough for them and guys they see uh all I have to just get that sniff in here and uh right away they're like turned on their like like a flagpole baby I mean you have you can be whatever you want to be it's a free world to a point but Jesus Christ trying to be a little bit discriminating will you people like it all hot and bothered about very very marginal people about people like you wouldn't touch with somebody else's hand like Paul Castrenobovato will help you out and I'm trying to promote that thing for them okay my close personal friend Diane Magnum who by the way happens to be a real sweetheart she's really nice I love you Diane she's a real nice person it's a first time I've remet her she's great and maybe that'll make the piece better that they do it on me tomorrow night eleven o'clock on channel ten no she knows I don't watch channel ten news but at least this time I'll watch it podcast renovates going beyond the night I'll be at the track sorry Paul I won't be able to hear you talk about how you see all of us about material but for he sure did some great things didn't during his story and the world he sure did one or two or we did great things and all years he's been here twenty one before one at five six eight out you m pv presents nine inch nails on club I want to you like a lot damn it's been not on I'll come this isn't working you know for my I'm I'm only five five six five five six very very good looking and of course most of you guys would agree because you probably straight bill hammer on CNN hammer hammer you know of course you know he is on in the morning doing the news on CNN every morning bill hammer with the glasses when he takes the glasses off he really looks great and he puts him back on his part ten and then we sit in that funny little chair with a wheels on it then he's a Christopher Reeve all thank god I haven't played that thing in a long time on very poor taste two open lines in that what's wrong with bill hammer on there we go I'd like to see him make it two open line for that he's I'm telling him and like I said before it's hopeless every line in the board was what up you go to one of those god damn long ponders breaks and you come back there is just not the dedication anymore you know we can play in the management here in these greedy sales people and school and this one and that one but the fact is that it's the audience out there like they got something important going on in their lives which do we believe that course not but they just don't they haven't made the commitment as Jesse Jackson would say you been having to make the commitment and you just do how do you know what to do with god damn it here's a mobile and hollywood hello what is it? yes sir come on I'm hanging in there it's been about an hour eleven minutes and thirty six seconds anyway first well I'm from West and North Miami Beach it's me from Las Vegas but the code I was a real bring I heard that yeah it's right next to Binghamton I want yeah I love you I think you're wonderful and I've got to be a free because I think literally rattle is way really is very deceptive though you have to like he's pretty scrony well if I ever saw her in person if you she can't make sure he's really fallen if he's tall in scrano if he's not built at all she's got very scrony oh my god he used to be married to Jim Zama by the way he used to work on a station back in the rock and roll day she was ready to uh... this job hard work like I said she's like a like a watermelon and she's the hottest thing going oh like she makes Pamela leave like uh... my assortment well I love you I enjoy the show I'll wait forever okay all right yeah hey forever for one Russell you're about Lynn Russell in jim altman wkt letter from somebody old k a t listers we want to hear from them all the wrong day or two open lines a day one and five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I'm still waiting I gave you an open invitation I gave you a blank check boys and girls that guy that one very articulate guy who didn't know his ass from mother math he had a very good point that is on two god that negative he's from here and he resents the fact that I'm so critical of somebody that got them on a full things down here and I want you to tell me where I'm wrong I want to be steered and I like god damn erection okay I'm like don't I was obsessed with that bum steer I'm serious if he don't stop talking about his wife and little baby you know what what is the new thing now in the nineties old farts have and kids little kids have you noticed this towing martin i think is the one who started i'm not twenty martyrande and uh... and i like toony randle toony randle is a good well he's my kind of guys a great guy and he's a funny guy but he's a hundred years old and keeps making little babies for quite safe and i've done i'm a so makes twenty randle look like a teenager he's got this little kid and all he does is talk about his little kid in his wife and about the friend on the farm and uh... who had the camp out there and which kind of was the hosting and a burn steam for what are we started and this guy's making millions and millions of dollars and you talk about looking bad on television like i said yesterday this is a dead man in a chair a dead man and yes he doesn't have a lot of if you ever watched it on a miss and be see and you see he's got he's got the news guy who's growing all the facial here now who is is a good news guys okay but he has nothing he has nothing to show is nothing to say and he just he just keeps talking about a calling him i'm an all the time and he has nothing to say then he's got the board up where we don't open up a post and he's got some other guys and a back there which has a way and then there's also this sports guy they got about a half a dozen people on that show and he still looks like a dead man in a chair and he's still all in the all the media types than rather on the every single one of them because all of a sudden i miss instead of being funny like he used to be became a political curmudgeon a little too far to the right for most of us but never let's say political curmudgeon and so now all of a sudden he's the darling of the uh... the media based on what i have no idea unless they all like a bunch of the mobile in the keys all way they listen to there was one report that was so good looking i became a channel ten news convert but she hasn't done a month i can't remember the name she's a tall uh... ten blue net short hair and what you have with you know half uh... and go out on the screen or just yeah but they they must that ship right here she was to good looking uh... i must is i thought was the ugliest man in america and he is a skeleton and the chair but web humble makes him look like red pit but web humble don't have a TV show well i think we still get stuck in the one he's in the know so one more to look in the report on the i think he does that he reports is they have no role i don't know that is so could be a friend okay see a happy circus all the way many audience by the way i love that thing i'm seeing and i don't know the bbc with that is ready to work instead america just leave us alone don't interfere okay you're going that was nice going to be it was a i actually got sexual excitement from hearing somebody else and and the media used the word go and i mean i just uh... a totally goodbye i loved it in fact wait wait till they start talking using the words farce or on your then i'm ready to give it said here's a christian hello yes sir you don't get a great i have a map question for you and off the air question are what a map question for you and off the air question what do you all the year so i don't want to know how i'm gonna do that i don't know what's the i go to you for advice you know what's the question um... hockey game family a fifty for pizza by picking up it brings me a sixty in the club's session yeah play now with me i would uh... i call a pizza lock at the right you see by the way i'm in section one one lady called yesterday to once a combine suck around on Sunday i said one or six because it's uh... you know habit force i have a used to be one or six in the old arena i mean one or one lady i mean the man we'd are so i'll come to what i ask you out of here or he wants for a date is that who that was i don't know he's not about the right age to me said the picture palo listen on pretty busy right now we have open on it brought five six seven line do you believe that i'm pretty busy no course i not here here's a mobile in highly hello yeah yes sir independent you want another town in Missouri yeah independent Missouri yeah there's no heri chairman was wrong that's exactly where it's human what a genius i am you know how are they right they somebody out here does know geography heri wouldn't screw around with sad about that boy he'd bottom into the stone age all like you wouldn't believe that's right back here right now rafla harma heri no we'd have to be take money because that out of the office that's right we bring back heri did you ever see best human by the way oh my god he was she made she made uh... uh... standing proudly whatever name is from musiann look like a midge you must wait six hundred pounds easy that big i thought he was the okay bring back heri and both the ones all are leaving dogs lying including Margaret is Margaret Truman still alive to be done open line of day one and brought in piano though that Margaret let's bring back all the old days had Sullivan show come on let's go back to the clock back to where we had good time when we had realistic TV on air like azi and heri and father of the no in the best and all the and uh... what was his name the great dealership let's bring back all of those shows we're nobody ever even went to work every day see on the soap operas now it's very realistic because every so far for the hangout most of the time in a hospital we've got one call general hospital and we used to have one call the doctors which one off the year because now what's it in the use of the alphi a she's busy on another show before getting white another uh... whatever it is is the world of the warms are she's to be a fee on the doctors but even if it's not a uh... show call the hospital they spent all their time in the hospital close by to the hospital they got to visit their nose to visit their back home all over the place because you got a lot of tourists to get the soap operas people happy we have an open line in broad none of first suggestion here about how i'm wrong about south lorda i should know what a guy started talking about high-living south western florida membering in the polls in the equation what i was at all about his anybody know here's a mobile informa today hello yeah i do it okay sir and you're interested very well so far up to this moment uh... i think he doesn't go far up theays so much out a bit over we're going here on the m mean left 對不對 כbourby out the time of it very very please report on yemek as to uh... 4 Fi in pink right do you yo always do that our lives give a little lovely about the under acknowledge it's another one of those ways of being pleasant and I hope that door and if you don't say thank you I'll make sure they hear me say you welcome uh huh yeah because people are so damn good right I love you new and good and back to you okay see there the guys right I haven't even scratched the surface yet so starting tomorrow we're gonna be doing a series of 75 thousand shows in a row which we've visioned gripe and carry on about airbie god damn thing has wronged his time all right and we can thank that guy that guy that got it called before who's still looking for it on the map I I'm sorry I mean maybe I'm just I'm not so smart believe me that was so smart I wouldn't be here but when I think about the average shmuck out there that can't even find a place on a map god I mean forget about a country like that guy to call the other day talking about wasn't I worried about all the stuff going on in Iraq when I was an Amsterdam have you ever looked on a map and seen how far I am to them is from Iraq I mean I've seen Iraq or two in Amsterdam mostly in those windows seeing lots of racks many of them very ugly by the way but there's also for some very attractive young ladies knows what was very clean regularly inspected supervised above board not spreading disease not doing drugs more power to him yeah just not for me I'm not saying that's for you it's not for me either okay so there's something we share in common and I'll tell you this much anybody who goes to Amsterdam has to pay for sex there other than our gold scene which we can understand that very easily but anybody can be sides him I mean I don't get that at all I don't understand it Over his six feet 150wm entertainment one wired-to-하-out of the sheer monsters two at one timeframe rose is no Peach He is. He's developing his own things. What I understand. And maybe even get his hair dyed. He'll be along this direction. And any of the K, he'll be here for all you gambling, the generates kind of clock tonight. Don't forget all your kids out there. There's nothing worse than gambling. Just keep two to the station. You'll find out. Here's coconut grow. Hello. There's a nail. Thanks, Laura. Thanks, Laura. Thank you, Laura. Let him be contributed because he's show. Which all the people take for granted. Just went to retire. It'll be crying. Mm-hm. Anyway, a couple of weeks. You're right. You're right. There's a scabla in the name of the material fetus. You heard this guy? What is his name? The material fetus. The material parent. He's the assistant. I don't know if I'm having a spritz. Exactly. The assistant's superintendent. They can't eat public schools. Yeah. If, Nick Niel, you got to listen. Here this guy speaking. Unbelievable. How can I guy like this with that position? No higher. No spitting. Oh man, I got to tape it and call you back. So you could freaking freak out. Yeah. That. So I could freaking freak. That. And you'll be being on the radio. It's certain things you just un-maxplainable. You know? I just, you know, golly thing just astonishes me. He must have the drawers for naked pictures. And then, so I think he's got the whole. The abeasers with the sheet collection. I think he's got those. This guy, if I could be in the system superintendent for they can't eat public schools. Yeah. He also finds private schools in day counting. But the name of, I think the name of the schools are. Jose Maretean School. And he comes the best part. Now they're saying that the guy is using the public schools in his schools. How you like that? What does that mean? You know, the schools that they use for public schools in public schools. Yeah. He's using those books in his schools. It is private schools. The more what he does. He has a hand. He has a hand. Why is he a, he's appropriate from the public schools. That was your same right exactly. Grand. I'm bullying you. You're a little bit too quick. Think for me that I love when you put them on. The lady the goal is to say it's the American. That's the way. And that's the American. Yeah. And also the, the lady says, oh my God. Now you mean the one that tried the oil. Oh my God. Oh man. It makes my job so stretch when I listen to that. Okay. Thank you. Joe, I have another dream. He's doing a nice stretch. We have an open line in the day. What was he talking about? The meat through the face. Parents. You see, one thing. Let me just tell you this about his panics. And that is the Hispanic men. Although I listen to women do it too. Some of them. I guess they just wanted to try to act. Butch as well. Maybe that's a message or signal. But the, the rolling of the R is very definitely a much or thing. It's part of that whole much. She's momentality of Hispanic men. And the more like if you say Joe Carlroy, you know, if you can really roll it. If you can dig down deep Carlroyo. But it's only a single arm. You're not supposed to roll it. You're not supposed to roll it. That's not what they say in this neighborhood. Yeah, no way. Anything you get your hands on. That doesn't make it. Well, they always say that Joe Carlroyo. Well, no, it's not just me. Everybody calls him Joe Carlroyo. That's a nice thing they call him. All right. So what's the word with two arms? Pair rule. Like God. Boro. That's it. Boro. I do that very well. I do my hours extremely well. Almost like a real macho guy. Boro. Boro. That's it. For real. For real. Jew for a fad. And then there's always. Orlando. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I haven't seen him in a long time. You know, what ever happened to him? Maybe we'll have to bring a CD power back. Just so we find a Orlando again. Here's my knee beat, chill out. Hey, you know what's up? I don't know. Yeah, you found my judist phrases. Yeah. Is a Julio here in the beach. I got a lot of Jewish friends. So I picked it up throughout the year. I know that the guy's a macho guy is the group. They're the gang, right? The whole family, yeah. Okay. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, and pump. 5, 6, 8. On the 18th, the world's line. That's what Baba said. The sucker. The sucker's all. And I've already said something like that. But not to make stuff, I had all tried it together. Oh, I... You know, since September I've been taught, that's what we've done eight and two much over there. Got all mighty. Here's a mobile in Papa, no, hello. Hello, and they all. Yes, sir. Well, I'm in Sunrise now. There's an hour and sunrise. You're funnelizing out, back from the Hong Kong. 19 hours of flying. Jesus Christ. And the economy class of the 747. Yeah, I've hours from Miami, the 7th, there's so few hours. Over like 19 hours, you flew in Schlover class. I went five hours from Miami to San Francisco. Yeah, I had a four hour over right. Fourteen hours to Hong Kong. Yeah. In economy. Was it worth it? And boy, they all can do this thing. Woo! Phew. Yeah. And I'll tell you what, the best of you all I have there in 10 days. Ruth, Chris. Right off the line. Unbelievable. I thought that. I said, that's where I'm going to get it. Oh, right. Well, the other thing, the best was a woman on TV. At least, yeah, I'll tell you just. I'll tell you what for it. Okay, welcome back. Good luck, Jister. Now that's interesting because he was talking about, I bought that up a couple of times on here and again because I'm dealing with so many pro-kiel people down here who never get like out of time. It's not a figment of my imagination. It's nothing to do with people who don't bathe. It has to do with skin pigmentation. And people in different parts of the world had different body odor. Not all of them, but many of them, people from the Middle East, people from India, people from the far east, people of many of them. And of course, it raises the question, what do a white people smell like to them? What do white people smell like to them? To them. We have an open line of date, what did breath? So you see, you were one of the people I can't give me a bunch of crap about it. How do I have to do with people I'm taking a bath? That's not what their subject is about. It has to do with the fact that people in different parts of the world have different skin pigmentation and a smell different. And if you're one of them, you smell fine. I would assume white people think to the Asians. That when I was my point. The reason we're having such a bad problem with the ice is these guys in buildings they making it too big for hot here in it. They're having the same problem involved in the state problem in Chicago. Yeah, the newer readers are where they have an worst problem. Yeah, the one about Pittsburgh, that's not a newer reader that I sterilized night with it. What's the worst I ever seen in my life? The puck was dribbling like a goddamn volleyball. Well, that's because nobody has a brain to set their set as up any higher up in Pittsburgh. No, they're all serious. Why don't you try to save on electric up there too, because they can't pay the bills? Yeah, you better think. You better save the success of your maple leaf right now, because I don't think that's going to hold on for very long. Well, I mean, yeah, you never know who to know. Is there playing pretty good course? The only problem is they got home and home next weekend with Buffalo coming up. Or this weekend. See you. And then you got Boston and Pittsburgh. Yeah, they've never had to deal with them. You know, you're after you. You're talking about they've been split those two with Pittsburgh. They spent the heck out of six to four in the first game. Yeah, but they didn't do two elegant Boston now. One game or one game doesn't make a lifetime. Yeah, but you know, it's going to happen. Yeah, I do know you're right. Halfway two to yeah. And they're going to be a party in the middle of the accordion act. I know lucky for them. They have a very, very good goal. And we don't. By the way, I want to break the news to you. But Curtis Joseph hasn't been worth no $6 million. He hasn't played that great. In fact, Felix Pac-Fan, a few games that he's played. He's got a very one lost record. And Curtis Joseph has got to go. I'll take part there and over Joseph. Anytime. Well, I don't know if he has to back. Go ahead. Hey, Jimmy. Five six. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. Hey, there. Yes, sir. I am there today. Great. Listen, they're girls from the office. Want to know whether you were a favor to your life or you came out of the bus or the later date. What is that mean? I don't know what you've been saying before. And then you became a favor to your life. You don't become a person. You became blind. Are they waiting a book or what? They want to know because they think they're your cute. Oh, I'm well, probably not my type, okay? And they smell bad. Two open lines in Broward. Six, seven, oh, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18 to wireless line. Were you always a woman or were you like, you know, were you always an Indian or were you like in a previous life? Were you like from my Venus and Uranus? Here's Miramar, hello. Miramar. Going once and have a great life. Yeah, that's another thing. Not only about geography, the Americans really bite. But it comes to homosexuality. If I think about sexuality at all, they are really right on top of it, if I can say that. I mean, they got no clue. Coolest. Open line in Dave County's line. Waterdale Lake. So, waterdale lakes. All right, here. Yes, sir, right here. Just go ahead and put it on. I'll go into a coma here today now. Just when we build up a little momentum. I'm trying to say, you want to ask you number one, which you thought about the plans to possibly erect a statue of Wayne, I think, get down there. That's not really a came out when I was done vacation. I've never heard anything about that. Some people call it about a yesterday. Okay, that was in the paper. They're going to want to honor you for some reason. Yeah, you know, I used a lot of money to put a poor. There's something like that. And whether they name the park here, but it's thanks from the middle class and give it to the poor. And like one shade away from Robin. Yeah, and he's going to give much back to believe me. But the other thing I got to you is a very, very short little pump that I hope you would hear about ours in Spanish. See, I had, and I was taught this place at the Peace School at the Beauty and City, which had a very high Cuban immigrant research, and I taught my school for the adults. So one of them took me to a little pump to help you with my Spanish. And this way goes any, or any, seek out of the room, any, or any. And I was taught a real, rapid, or endless carous check that with George. Hey, you're near those cars. Okay. I don't know, you're in. I'll start with my cigar. See you. I'll stick to you, you'll see this. We have an open line in the day one in Cairo. Five, six, seven, open old Maribel. She didn't lie as too long. So his Steve Nickel found out that even though she had a great ass, nobody can understand what she was talking about. But you did have a great ass. And you know, who else had a great ass, and did last too long? I think it was a great ass. Yeah, her too. Here's a mobile in South Miami, hello. Hello, New. Yes. How you doing, man? Okay. All right, listen, now, welcome back to, what's your name? Welcome back to the interview. Yeah. And as far as George, John, you're in your timeout. It was definitely a change of pace, but I feel like it's, well, infant when you expire or retired. You know, he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll move right up. Yeah, he'll move up real well. And another thing. Hold on, right now, let's figure right in the middle of the sand. When I went, when I went to Spain a couple of times, you know, a waiter and a whole bunch of other people came to my table. And only one of them started to like, like, what just names that Rimmam, they just started. And, and, with that, it's true because Rimmor said that he was in Paris one time, and I asked him, how were the French people? He said, they stunt, yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and we all, what about the Frenchman up there like you partnered with these front families, they said, they stunt, yeah. We really asked, we asked one of the people who didn't think. And, uh, we asked them, uh, you know, some of these people that really, you know, they, that's a good point. Now we're, now we finally found somebody who understands what I'm talking about. And then they said, no, we don't, we don't know this. All right. For only one out of the three or four people that came to my table, not even at the table, but walking by the table, were so repulsive. So I felt like throwing up. And he came like, that's why I saw my nose and, and that was the end of that. I'm realizing what it happens when I started. And I knew this one in the end dude, who, who was very recognize, and he used a shower with a cologne. So I think it's the only court to your rent and cologne, it won't be so offensive. Okay. All right. Let's spread the word. Yeah. Oh, cologne rhymes with mitochondria. We have it over line a day to a peanut gen. Now, Jesus Christ. This is my substance chest. Yeah. I mean, far, far be it for me to critique, but I mean, you've been eating on stats since about 920 this morning. Not that it's only 120 or thereabouts. It's only 24 hours later. It's all from frustration. It's from working for this company boys and girls. Your eat your caquissies out. We just tear your guts out. Is they continue to find all odds at all common sense by saying, No matter what the topic is, that's right. That's the a breadweed way. So I wonder what that real story is about those sales people. I've made it all different kinds of commissions. And people show any new walk out. Yeah, I will say this. I've worked with a lot of screwed up sales people in my life as you know. But this sales department is the most volatile. I have ever seen their hired, their fired, their in, their out. And nobody is gone for like more than five minutes quite frankly. Is there anybody that's gone from while when we started from 11 months ago? I can't name anybody. They're all still here. But they're here like temporarily. They're here and then they get fired and they're they quit and then they come back. And it's just as ongoing hostile. Who is it? Marina. Marina, Marina by rapiders and I remember that. He didn't smell too good. Two overlives in day and five real good was Pat Peterson. How is that Pat Peterson doing on outstanding anybody seen him lately? No. Have it heard from her in a long time boy. You talk about being abandoned. What is it about three four months since we heard from the North Atlantic lady? And I've even got out of my way and beg. I beg for what he graver. We got what he graver. I think for easy, which is a bad mistake. I got easy on a guy named Fony. Cohere to see what. Who else? Even Sandy. Remember that we got Sandy that one time, which it'll probably never happen again. But our good post personal friend, the not slanting lady that I made famous into a superstar, helped her lose all of that weight, changed her life, saved her life, and we heard from her in a cool Sage. No. Boy. Not that I'm bitter. I want you to understand that. Not bitter about it. I do go home and cry a lot. You want to finish? 8. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'm in a field. I've been 130 and 56. We WQM. We had open on day two of them. Five hours of Rodriguez in the Fony of the day and there was Monday. And then Monday night Alex was on that sports craps show on Channel 10 where they had five or people on it. It was out of like two minutes. Now there is a great young man who has found this community comes back into his all years. He's a great guy from men's athlete. A superstar seems like a great kid and does anybody talk about him here? No. We hear lots about Jose Cancoco who is a role model like I'm a rocket scientist. And then of course, you know, it's strictly a Cuban thing. If Alex Rodriguez were Cuban, his picture will be on a front page of the hero on the front section, not this sports section. On the front section, right next to the man's head every day. But he's not. Isn't he like from my lower public at a minute corner somewhere like that? Well, he's got some goddamn nerve him and Sammy Sosa. You're not supposed to be from there. You're supposed to be from Cuba. Cuba. Cuba. You better get with that Alex. Two open lines of date counting. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18t line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I do. Okay. All right. Isn't it a high school boy? Yeah. I think Lisa said, see. There's a lot of stuff. A New York front for children, tell you that George did a great job. I was wondering. Now you're the guy that told me he used to shower then weekend that he was definitely not circumcised. Right, right, right, right. Right. Damn it. Damn it. I also want to know, what are you getting through? What can I get one of CD's on? There's marijuana songs that you play. On a marijuana song that I played. I enjoyed that. My friend. Like, God, you'd be good. Like, God, you'd be good. That's on the best of in the George. It's on best of a part one. Go to Puerto Rico to your borders. Go right down and rent candle. I'm assuming you're down in that neck of the woods. I best right. They send it out borders. Borders and candle. In fact, from my Saturday, I'll be there from noon to two. I'll give you a big, uh, I'll leave you a kiss. Great. Okay. All right. Bring by and make it right away. Okay. We have all three lines of date counting. We have five, six, seven, five, six, six. The time five, six, the only 18, two, I was fine. Do they know from Alex Rodriguez and Dave County? No. Of course not. He's from the wrong, uh, neck of the woods. Did it hit you warm and here is it me, me, was that lunch? Uh, they get a little bit. And I noticed by the way, that's another great thing about not having the TV crew. I don't want them to feel bad because they'll take it personally. We still love them and miss them, etc. Believe it. But, uh, how is the advice? How the temperature pretty much stays the same all the time now? Have you noticed that? Uh, here's the pepper prime. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Yeah. I will ask you a question. We were both at an argument about hockey. And I figured that asked you since you're pretty knowledgeable about the subject. No, no, no. I'm not a liberal on an expert. Oh, cool. Yeah. Okay. Uh, yes, I do. Um, um, um, um, my brother still thinks that, uh, now that Dallas picked up Brett Holes, they're going to win the west over Detroit. And my opinion is Detroit. So I wasn't lost anybody. Detroit. I played an active right now. Of course, they, you know, sometimes they start out slow, but they're not playing to the now. But, my argument to him was that, uh, that Detroit still has all the top name players. They still got, you know, I mean, everybody they go on to for the past two seasons that they won championship. No, the problem that Dallas has got is they're never going to win the champion. And ever go through win the family cup with Eddie a ball for in the next never happened. That's true. Maybe they can trade for a pocket in theirself with. Yeah. No, no way. Because don't for making a fortune. They got a gigantic payroll. And a casual more question. How is the, how are they going to deal with a potting if they don't want to get another goalie from? They want to get somebody else. So they're going to deal with it. Well, they have to have a backup goalie in the deal, but they, I have no idea. I mean, when the Montreal traded T-Boters Chicago for hack it two days ago, that shocked me because the word to continue to be that potman was going to Montreal didn't happen. So I have no, but in the meantime, he keeps playing, you know, every year we are there. And you have an open line and Broward to a date five six seven oh five six. You go leave school baby. Oh, right. Kick those whoever they're playing the caps. Rimes with a really fallen hard time to the Washington Cas. Makes my heart feel so good. Here's a mobile in a money beach. Hello. Roblin, my me, Mr. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, you asked us to be talking about anybody, man. You couldn't help for a little self-abouted Century Village. Yeah. Well, you're sure, structure hours to rip off any damage. Yeah, I don't think you're going to, you're not only going to go, but not only do you listen, but you made the effort to call and share your brilliance with us for which I thank you, profusely sir. Not only do you listen every day, but you also made the effort to call. Which, like I said, that's above and beyond the call of duty. We have an open line a day, what had Broward buys him? What they always talk about, I have no idea. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money. What is the name of the guy from Shennoz? I have a lot of money. Very good. I have a lot of money. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. That is a good deal. You are going to put us on a business. People like you would have an instant in the office. Go get a membership of GA. Call up any K to not. Here is a mobile or home state. Hello. Yes sir. I will manage. You know you give us a think impression that you are the only one that really knows how to do this right. And I am sure he is why that has just done it. Why don't do it. Get off the air and run the station of your own brothers and putting up with all these confidence that you are always complaining. You are going to only 20 or 30 million to buy a station. You probably got a great deal. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I have had that kind of money. When I be sitting here working every day, I want to distract your head. And that one spot there where your brain used to be. I want to distract your real heart. And ask yourself that question. If this man had the kind of money that it would take to buy a radio station, would he sit in there talking to bozos like this guy every day? You think so? No. I don't think so. I'd be long gone man. You wouldn't even be able to turn your head sideways. I'd be gone so fast. Like a goddamn roadrunner. That's how fast I'd be gone. Right on, he old her she highway. Here's a mobile and how he would. Hello. Yes sir. I don't want to join your own station. I don't want to be a general manager. People I see to keep me out the road all day long. I'm trying to do best in my ass. Listen to you. Give you more of it. You need to go out there and sell and sit and track the golf day long. Right. I love you Neil. Great. Only where blah blah. Okay. I'd like to add. These are hate or they love. There's no one between. There's no loop warm feelings about this show. We got two minutes to kill here. And one call after the board. Is that going to make it? No. Is that going to cut it? Five, six, seven, five, six. They palm five, six. The unemobile one line. Let's get with it. Two allows me minutes. We almost made it to the end of the day. We got two minutes. The audience can they reach down. Can they mustered with them? So since most of the last 15 minutes has been a bunch of crap anyway. All the people have nothing to contribute. Nothing to say so they figure, well, I'm going to take my shot. You know, something go ahead and take your shot. Yeah. So it doesn't bother me. I sleep real well at night. Okay. And guess what? On the days when I do go to the bank and the bankers and the tellers are there. And not the security guard for somebody answering the phone like they don't know what side is up. I stick a real nice big deposit in there. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, that too. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? What's the between a hatchery and a natural hatchery? Natural hatchery is three and a row. Hectery is three goals in a game. Hectery and natural is three a straight. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. Okay. It can do the right place. Collaps, Joe Rose. He'll give you all the accurate hockey information. He's a maven. See, just some sound of bad wiving. It's easy to rip or hurt when you're lost or in a dirty play or off. All the great players like Ritzley, Ritzley's that way is doing play. Everybody's a coward. He's a pussy who hides, you know, he crouches down and hides in the very body ever hits and puts they do very rarely, by the way. So he holds his head that puts you a little helmet and runs back to the bench and I slightly just spirit him in the ugly post. And that Pinocchio shnows in his. That's gritsky for you. Okay. So you can give me a song to dance all you want about Eric Lindros and what a dirty player he is. But what a great pass that was he made to keep Jones out there to set up the first trophy of goal last night and will we take him on our on this team and a heart yeah, you bet you're sweet as we would. So Joe, you can talk. You're a little bit dumb, John talk all you want, but you know squad. Okay. Hey, Grover coming up nice from Shula State to we got the booster. It's at a camp and for all you gambling, you generous ten o'clock.