Sports radio 560 WCUAM Miami Fort Loderdel presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 567-0550 toll free for David Rarrer or pound 560 on your spell phone. The opinions of you. I usually had yesterday court on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of those of you who are you. Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. I think now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 590, you act the time to go to the Bees on the phone with Brian Rarrer. Yeah, I want to know what's going on. I have come Chris and Randy and you and you and you and one set of the first thing I mean, what's going on here? What are you doing? I saw the shoot of something here. What's the deal? You can take the question? What's going on? Luigi, you were able to call in, weren't you? Yeah. Well then, what do you worry about? I'm worried about because it's unfair. What's going on? What are you guys doing over there? What do you have any questions? Do you have any questions for the coach, Luigi? Luigi, you got any questions for the coach? Yeah, I got a question for him. I hope you'll get a question. I'm not sure. I'm not worried about whether Jeff and Joe are asking the question. You got a question. Ask it. The question is, why do you got to get fired? I don't hear. He's worried. He's not. He's not. How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? How? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Did you hear the cigarette man? Tell him he's the cigarette man. The cigarette man said some happy stuff. He went to put down the submarine. Oh! I'll allow him to eat them for my processing, and from the door. I told him I thought he was thinking of me. Yeah, he's the ultimate clothing. So, when my yellow teeth and fingers have the bad rest, they're always like the steak. Brother, man, getting a lot of chemicals over pressure is too odd to handle them. I've been looking for 20 years because it makes me look cool and wide. And you know what the was and for a couple would get no extra. Okay. No three packs a day to take the coupon. I've got a turn. Can't doubt the more rubber around the goal when I think we're in that year. Oh, we still can't see enough of this that our hot couple must have paid for the men and a lot of me chemicals baby tell you it's your hot to can of now. We're going to say something. We're going to play a lot of traffic. I think I'm a big couple. I got a sweat up from my grind ball. It was being getting blocked. But don't worry, be a higher thing. That was written to the owner of the house. The returner is the Santa. It's just send me cash. Okay. The Lord's act is well. Okay, you mean a ranch. I got a fruit taken some tired pants. Where could this fall my nose? A null by the love of spice. What did I get the hose? You wrote a bomb ever. A returner is the Santa. All craved like a fool. Who needs this job? Or this year's Christmas. A really strong. It works for an ocean of the birds. It works for an ocean of the birds. All dreams of you. But this Christmas. I got fruit. Raw. It's a Santa. A returner. Okay, 10.4.5.60. W2M happy. Wednesday, 2.0. They were getting re-opause baby. We're getting re-opause. The Santa is going to be coming down the scored score. And hope he's got good aim like Peter North. Yes, getting re-opause. I'm in a bad mistake this year. Which wouldn't be the first time. When you get this close to Christmas in New Years, you play the rack for re-re-re-re. You don't sit back here. Okay, we're here to bridge 10 there. No. Come here. We're a jack in a box. No. No. Because these idiots out there, they want to hear the same four or five things over and over again. Let them go off. Let them call Santa one and buy nuggets. Neals nuggets. Okay. And, you know, a couple of a few bucks per cent. I'm on which, by the way, our total is just astonishing. And I thank profusely everybody, especially that Jim Guy and Fort Lotto now. You think I should have used his name on the year? I don't think so. That's 10 grand yesterday. Open up the mail. And here's a check for 500. And the next one right after is 10,000. Oh! Dollars. So thank you, James, in Fort Lotto there. You're one hell of a guy. But at any rate, 121,884 bucks. And it's still the guy that ate days to go. So even though we're getting down to the bitter end, we're going to do well over 125 grand. I will think which is not too shabby. Especially since we're not doing all that great here, you know? 12 of Trends came out yesterday. I had a phone call at home. I had my lunch at Mami's. Everything's going great. Huh? No seriously. I'm in a real good mood. Now, what do you want to happen about? This is called management style. This is Blufflands. You know nothing about sports. You know nothing about talk radio. You know, basically nothing about what you're doing. You have to like, you know, they had played these little strategy games. Little head games with people. Like he did with you that time about, you know, the first time you did an hour or two on a year when I came up with a great idea of having you filled in vacation. And then he says, you're well, you know, it was okay. But with the Greg and I still haven't decided. And maybe, you know, and it was a little week and quite frankly, you stocked. Whatever it was that he said that made you feel like, what is this man talking about? I'm going to look at the wrong way. Yeah, you took it the wrong way. Well, oh, I got a great line for that. But I'm not going to use it because I need the job. But in any way. So anyway, that's Bluffland's. He's managed to install. And I understand through the grapevine where starting to find out that all that little underlings over there, the other building over in Sheridan Street. This is the way he treats them. Just when they think that they're doing really great and they're kicking ass and making everybody happy. There's always a little stuff in there. There's always like a little. So yesterday, everything is going sensational. I talked to our friend of mine who we thought might have had the prostate cancer. I told you about that tonight. Well, I didn't tell you that. Well, it's a scary thing, especially when your friend is like 29 years old. And he goes to the doctor and he has to take a biopsy. And you're like, pinging your pants like a isn't it a little bit too early to be, I'm croaking and stuff like that. So it comes to bite out. It was negative. It's not nothing at all. It's not so. I was in a great mood. I was really happy about life and everything else had a decent lunch at Mommy's. I bought her condo for her for my aunt. Huh? They approved your ass. They approved my ass. Yes, the condo. They'll you sit your wonderful boy as to just cut the crap. So everything was going right in the phone rang and who was Bluffland's. The program director with the results of the trend yesterday, the ratings, which is two turrets of the fall book. Now, first of all, let me just point this up. See, these both those over here, they really believe in their minds in their hearts in their minds. They really believe that wants to dolphin. See, people in this town and, of course, the cops people made that mistake for many, many years until they finally said, hey, you know, screw it. Is that what they finally said? I mean, they, they believe that put in a dolphin broadcast on here. Now, yesterday my good friend Nick from Nick cigars was in here. Nick and Michael here. And he was telling me, can fighting in me, which I'll repeat on here because it's very astonishing and makes me feel a lot better. That 99 and a half percent of the results he's getting from this station, which are spectacular of the people going into who's showrooms down there and buying all those great cigars are from this show. They all mentioned Neil Rogers. And that's a dolphin advertising has been like flushing it down the turret. This is what he said. So, and granted, we can't compete with the dolphins in terms of like all that mail out there. You know, for that truck, they're given away. We can't compete with that. And we can't compete with a quinoa, the number of heart running foes, who turn into here the games. But as far as money making and as far as, you know, day in and day out year in and year out, it's no contest. But there are people who really believe that this is going to boost the numbers way up there in the fall book. Oh, yeah, we got a fall book that dolphins will bail us out. Did it bail us out? No, I mean, we're doing okay here on QAM. Considering of what we are, you know, kind of horse and buggy sports bar with a microphone. But although I think when we're nearly starts in the mornings, right after the new year, I think that's going to really goose us up again. I think that we have something that makes sense. Something that we're, you know, people are getting some information. It a little bit of news finding out what's going on in the world beside, you know, Danny's great, Danny sucks. Jimmy's great. He's got a bad haircut. He shouldn't have been here because his mother died all the other crap. By the way, Scott Melonby, know it's not a neo-rodgrey thing to stuff about two bars. If you'd read your newspaper Scott, I know you're busy being captain. And you got a family and it's Christmas and you're real busy. You were a good guy. But if Scott Melonby would read his sports sections of the newspaper, he'd find out that both of them coincidentally have everything the same in there today. David J. Neil and Michael Russo have written exactly the same articles. How do you like that? Including rumors about two barons. By the way, do I want to do barons back on the team? No. And I'll tell you why momentarily. So anyway, eventually I'll get to the story about Bluff Lindsay and it's kind of like, you know, all you got to throw a little shot in there, you know? Which I'll get to in a moment. Are we doing bad on this show? No. Are we like kicking some serious ass here in midday? No. Yeah, we're doing pretty damn good. Are we like doing it in some demographics as much or more than both morning and afternoon drive combined? Okay. But I'll get to it. He's got to get that little stork in there because that's the management style of a program director who basically is like a lost child, you know? Not really too much familiar with what's going on here. But that's okay. He's a good guy. Never stole a free train. Not a bad guy. He's just kind of a coolest. I'm going to check to ten and five sixty WCW. Works the lotion in the basket. Just buy a jackpot. And then you can get the bag of bags. I'll find a jackpot. All right. I didn't realize you were still in the house. But you've done it to put my jackpot. Oh. I'll find a jackpot. I'll find a jackpot. I'll find a jackpot. Oh. I don't need all the money. I love it. When you said you put the sound out. And we in the world are passing doors with your full size door. That door. That's not a jackpot. That's not a jackpot. That's not a jackpot. Oh. We say, tell you, tell us, I'm in the house. On TV, for the younger parents' day. You picked the shelter. You were dogs. You're all the sweet and freshers. All the pets. This bowl. You think that that jackpot. Oh. It's just a jackpot. And all the dogs jackpot. Hey. Hey. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. I'll be safe. Okay. 10, 14, 5, 6, these WQMs are guess what we got today. I just got too much material here. I'll never get caught up. First of all, we did get head yesterday by somebody associated with family work over there. What did I tell you? I was suspicious right off the bat when we got that supposed spy report about how she was on your on Monday on stupid talk. and goes on here on Monday on stupid talk and then she resigned and you know to try to get everybody all excited and tune in for your clock so about three fifteen after I got my call from bluff I took my little radio I turned it on over there on the nine forty on stupid talk and guess what if you want to listen to about ten seconds I turned it right off my back to guiding light like I will ever have to know I mean guess what we got if there was any doubt I mean if I happen to be in the car when this bitch is on any day I'll guarantee I'll have Hank on so loud that you speak reasonably blasting which I listen to Hank going over the day anyway and if I have about to go to the back to the store to the toilet whatever in between I go in the car and listen to Hank in fact I have heard Rick and Sud's twice during the time that I the year that we've been on the station not because I don't like Rick and Sud but I enjoy hearing Hank when those gamblers are calling in and I you know except for the morning I listen to this station I don't even think about turning on that station in addition to which when I did turn over to her she's going on about that well run and run that I don't know they're not the air anymore and that they weren't really running and so obviously she's involved with another one is radio groupies terminal boring coma inducing and I shut it up and you know that's one of those idiots from either Orlando or from Tampa and for those but the benefit of those of you people listening out there right now which we have many of those people some of you may be nice people I kind of have my doubts but you may be nice people but nevertheless I would nobody does anybody down here want to hear about blah blah acider oh anybody want to hear about you know what's going on at Ron and Ron and freaking the Tampa radio oh we don't care we didn't care before we don't care now most of the people here do they even know who those people are are step-of-a-ron and oh no so what's that all about sweetheart so she's I mean what and wait to hear these numbers by the way like I said I got so much stuff wait to hear the great John Ford I guess is off the year now nice going air John here I thought nobody could outdo Mr. Rigo okay in terms of putrid unbelievable number so fractional that it would take a non-palomar telescope to see their ratings and John Ford he did it all right and just when Rick and Sugs were starting to build up a little steam and give Hank a little competition there in the afternoon guess what Pete Bolder as usual he just himself in the foot nice going Pete like George says you are perfect like the judge this is about the you know the most perfect little lot uh hunchback he's ever seen in his life Pete Bolder is the perfect program director he's never ever been right he's never had a success he's never done anything made any move that made any sense as he low so come on here's another one for your Pete what are the other for there you go just like Joe Pesci would say do a little dance wait to you find out those numbers they're at at morning show so in any way we're now all over the place here so she's gonna just what Rick and Sugs starting to build some momentum we're gonna schlept them back in the mornings to make sure that they failed big time do you have no clue what you're doing over there mister no clue is there anybody in town who doubted that all course not course how can anybody you know take the time to learn and study the numbers and really get a grab grab a grip grasp on what's going on when there are two-bodies stepping everybody in the back and hiring people at Tarot Kingdom I you know coming to work this morning I have never noticed that place to call it's right across from our building here on 440 wonders it's our kingdom wouldn't it be something if it turns out that work babbling Brook and Pete Bolder we're getting their tires done or their rubber change whatever they were doing over and that's where they had the conversations oh by the way hi Brook you want to come to work yeah yeah okay we can't hire anybody you can't hire you can't hire anybody stupid enough about the producing show for somebody wants to work for the okay you saw a product basically your Jesse I don't seriously like the guy said yesterday he was he was great he was right on target he should be the PD over there nobody wants to hear some obnoxious jappy New York yet the sounding broad on the radio nobody wants to hear that and I don't care how much they're sucking her ass the first couple days back she's a poor man Randy Rhodes which Randy's annoying enough as it is but at least you know she's who she is but this broad comes in here pretending that she never heard Randy she don't know from Randy she does exactly that same jappy routine on a radio catching yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you know that's the nobody does anybody want to hear it or it's not and at a time when every day point on a station went into toilet in this last trend and Rick and Suds were the only ones that went up what do they do they yank them off and Pete Bolder put them in the morning and now put to any afternoon that really goes to a second of the show she'll give you on four to one for his money remember they don't care about numbers that clear channel the well that's obvious then they ought to be real happy then maybe that's why Rhana was ping all of her leg up at the track that night oh we would love to have you bad by the air right and at the time I was like okay well I was the time that we don't can't was negotiating my release on this play on the notes to me well you know he's uh got a lot of time on his hands I guess you know price of weed is gone way up so anyway we got a for me and we thank the people at Albertson's over there at Oakland Park well why should I thank him they give to them to kiss so you know I would at least they don't like I kissed that okay but anyway so Sam is gonna take the QA in van up there and we're gonna auction off they they did one for a kiss this morning which now is that for Sunny Fox's rehab or was that for charity the 800 bucks they're right but certainly they auctioned off one of the Furbies 800 bucks they got for that ugly grow test little thing this morning so we got a virgin Furby that Sam is gonna be auctioning off right up there in the Albertson's parking lot well let you know when he gets there of course along with all our other best and meal stuff in case if there's anybody want that and oh no okay well I like what we said you'll get the Furby because I mean I can't match up to that especially with these marginal numbers am I ever gonna get to that damn phone call from double start to that 20 minutes ago oh I got a lot of stuff here I'm wound up like a goddamn alarm clock plus you look at the phone boy there's not a call on here they're not gonna talk to which today didn't make any difference if the phone that my way is the phone working I thought we just just check you know after yesterday is the horrendous experience I don't care if they call them not because like I said I'm playing everything from art vark to z board everything can be tween it's the holidays that's what I used to do at this time of the year but when you're off for seven months of getting paid and got a big smile on your face you forget about stuff like that so anyway after all this other traumatic stuff happens yesterday and everything turns out great and I'm sitting there with a real smile on my face I look at the stock market is going up and guiding like the what's your name diners got her faces getting worse by the day and I'm saying oh he deserves it and the phone rings in his blusselin's the appropriate director well here's the trends you know we were pretty much flat the station was flat and you know we do three-o to three-o to three-o and they start to give me numbers and and he's given me numbers from the summer book to this trend which quite frankly have nothing to do with each other by the way you go from trend to trend or from last year's book to this year's well that's how it works but I don't want to get you know technical with you okay so anyway to make a long story short person 12 plus which is the entire audience we went from a 4.5 in the last trend to a 4.4 you can't get much flatter than that and considering that delusy thanks got a 2.6 what do they have in morning drive in 12 plus he asked well let me take a few get that because it on the first page no second page no okay so I hang in the morning they got a two two thanks got a two six so they got a four eight and we have a four four from ten to three which means we got about a four eight here from ten to two so we're doing as much as the two drive times combined so we're doing pretty good here in fact if you extrapolate ten to two we're number three in the entire market and 12 plus which is astonishing because the under the only other English language AM is not even on the second she you have to go down to INZ with a 3.1 that's 12 plus total audience and by the way 25 to 54 midday they took a big dump so anyway then he goes on about 18 to 34 and I keep in mind as we were not radio people but I've tried to train you over the years 18 to 34 is like FM like Zeta and the power and the big that's not our demographic there's an AM station in America that's really all I can share with 18 to 34 all we really usually do pretty good on this show as a matter of fact here it is midday 18 to 34 back in the summer book we had a four nine four point nine share which for an AM station is astonishing but it kind of bounces around because it's a narrow demographic goes up it goes down it's always been that way on the show so we went from a four point four in the last trend in that demographic to a 3.4 and Duff says to me in the middle of telling me about how we were pretty much flat near the demographics we were still number one in men all down little bit in this demographic is why you went from a 4.9 in the book to a 3.4 that's not good for sales and at that point I just about dropped a phone on the floor because first of all that we sell 18 to 34 oh there anybody in this buys this radio station looking for 18 to 34 oh there one client it buys WQAM for 18 to 34 audience oh no of course now we ordinarily pay almost no attention that demographic it's not our league it's not our thing okay but he had to throw that in there and now I'm discovering that this is part of his management stuff that there has to be a little uh sometimes subtle not too subtle put down in there for everybody to make him feel a little bit better about himself like he's the boss good to stand this is the management style even though we all know he knows nothing he's got no background in sports whatsoever would know a guy damn hockey puck from his record has no background in talk radio and but like I said he's a good guy this isn't personalist business but there's always got to be like a little snook in there to like make you feel like a little nervous you know am I nervous today oh I don't think so okay I've been doing this a long time and quite frankly these numbers suit me just fine we do a 5.1 10 to 3 mid day 2554 which means we're doing almost a 6 year which I would say on this guy damn horse and buggy station especially after following that morning show oh god I think that's pretty good because you'll notice you sit in there every day you notice unlike the old i-o-d every day we sit here and it's like I'm talking to myself I have to generate my own audience I would just not a curiosity I'd like to hear from some people real quick okay this morning who listen to the worst team is there anybody out there who listens to the thing or what because I know there's crossover between me and Hank because a lot of people mention that but but the worst team I mean Hank is doing fine the worst team that's the chicken in the woodpiles not personal again I like all those to even y'all do they're personally they're okay even him but that's show could use a lot of work oh I guess it's a move point out with Renuri coming on and maybe that's the problem maybe the fact that they haven't you know seen the error of their ways I mean you can only hear so much about gator football and some 12 year old kid with a great arm in teoria and it gets a little bit pondish you know what I'm saying for what do I have a lot of stuff today man I got a lot of territory and only three hours and 35 minutes to cover we'll let you know where Sam's gonna be with a van by the way and no riots please okay we don't want to be responsible for any avarant behavior we'll do an auction up there they got 800 bucks for kiss for sunny fox's rehab which I think is pretty damn nice pretty white whoever came up with that cash so we can raise some serious money for a center one and maybe or maybe we'll just use it for somebody else's rehab in this building to definitely there seem to be a lot of people in this building a mfn p m or whatever who need rehab oh two bad I missed that Christmas party last night George oh but you know something I'm sure I'm sure that bluff and some others in this organization are happy I wasn't the Christmas party because I would have heard even more stories that I'm not supposed to hear about yes you that's another part of the deal everybody is always warned oh don't let Neil fight out about that could tilt put it on the air see if somebody tells me something in confidence and says don't repeat this I never repeated I've always been that way but if I find out something that you know it's not there's no relevance in terms of confidence reality I'll be glad to put it on the air because the audience likes that crap they like the juicy stuff is what they like a music crap anybody have any juicy stuff today oh boy what am I so wound up for here today huh 1020 I don't know must be that bluff lens you guy yeah not good for sale oh yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry I'll try harder I'll try better I'll try to sound younger hey how you know everybody is boot shopping with a rock on all sports you hey 1026 at 560 WQI hey Brian are you happy I hate WI I'll do you you I'll talk about the good搼 walk I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Do I like you? I don't know you and do I want to know you? No, I don't. So I'm just going to ask you. So anyway, wait till you hear these numbers, man. These numbers for the worst, what do they call it? Oh, yeah, the worst team. So look at this. I mentioned we have anybody listening to this show. We're listening to the worst team. What about three calls on it? Which two are already on there? Miami. Hello. Miami. New. Yes, sir. Can I call someone to do stuff? Yeah. Okay. Look at the mirror. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, sir. I was in the rehearsal hall. Pardon? I said, how you doing? I'm doing fine. How are you? I listened to the worst team for about two seconds until I hear that healthy. Yeah. My ear drum is just burst. Okay. And that week week week. Because you want to go, go, go. Is it the week week that makes you want to go? Yes. Okay. Have a good one. Thank you. Okay. There's our survey right there. I think that sums up pretty well. Which is probably why we're in a state not that I want to get you free with programming. But I mean, you know, when you're following a dead air for four hours, it's a little bit under the difficult side. Those guys all well. I hope they all come down land on their feet. I understand that we're going to be putting the deeper into G.A. He'll come out. Okay. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. It's Christmas. And I need to construct my friends early. Yeah. I do listen to that. That's first team. Oh, yeah. But you're so better than them. I mean, obviously there's no comparison. There's no question about that. The ratings show it. The numbers tell that even though the ratings are often bogus, they show very clearly the other shadow of a doubt. We got more people listening in any five minutes segment than they've got listening all morning. But that's beside the point. I don't want to dwell on that. Do I? But that's not just the idea that I'm not really all that confident. I've never had the feeling in the year that we've been here, which in a week it'll be one year. One week from the day. Next Wednesday, one week from the day, our one year anniversary. Oh, take all the gift. Oh, who's all the money you go? Oh, I hear that we've been in this thing down here. And you know, something I think we're going to discover once we move upstairs, if that ever happens, that being down here wasn't really also bad. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. So anyway, can I just interject these amazing numbers when you better? If you're on a road, pull off the side of the road right now, pull over to the curb. Okay? You are not prepared. You aren't ready. This is on a 50,000 watt station right smack in the middle of the dial. That morning show that they put the anxious John Ford on there. What is he? He's a monster. He's a talented, creative monster. Ever seen him. He looks like a monster to me. Persons 25 to 54, which is our target demo here on these AM stations. Plus. Not good for sale. I'm sorry. 25 to 54 is the morning show on a stupid talk network on a first page. No. Is it on the second page? No. Is it on the third page? No. No, the worst team is on the third page. It went from a 2.8 in the last year into a 2.5. A little and not there. And that's what it did. The dolphins now. That's two months into the dolphin. There's a fall book that was supposed to like put this station way up there on top. Did it work? No. Let's see. We're looking for WINZ. The stupid talk on the fourth page is it on the fourth page? No. Wow. Woo. And way down near the bottom of page number five. Think of a kinkway. WINZ. Now keep in mind in the summer book when I think Mr. Ego was still on. When did this bozo go on here in the morning? One did John Ford go on in there. About three, four months ago. Something like how to be. Yeah. So at any rate in the summer when that was mostly Mr. Ego, a 1.1, which is embarrassing at best on a state without kind of a signal, but nevertheless, at least over a one share. And August September, October, which is the next and see all the trends are three rolling months. You know, that's how it works. It went from a 1.1 to a 0.9. And now in this latest trend that came out yesterday, September, October, November, November. Still bit talk, 50,000 watts. The John Ford Joe Reston piece went from a 0.9. The previous trend to a 0.6. A 0.6 on a 50,000 f.ing watt radio station right in the middle of the dial. On by a company that won Jake Ford and peer panel and more stations and money that got and Jesus and Moses and April, we're still put together. Speaking of a burstville, that's basically what the audience was saying in a course. We wouldn't spit on the best part of them. Much less listen. Let me see it again. A 0.6 mid days, Dr. Lauren Lard asked they went down to a precipitous 1.7. 25, 54 mid days. And the only bright shining light on that station in this last trend was Rick and Puss. Now Hank had a 3.0 and 25, 54 in the mid day. And they came from a 2.3 in the last trend to a 2.8. Right on Hank's big fan asked that was Rick and Puss hovering. Ready to attack. The only bright spot on that whole stupid talk station was Rick and Puss. There were the 2.8 share in the day. Are they still in the day? No. After the new year when it come back from their vacation or finding a new job, which I wish them lucky through the above, they're going back to mornings again. Which they hate mornings, which everybody knows including them, that they're much better than the afternoon than the morning. They hate doing the mornings. And it's going to be like, although they will, I predict right now they'll do better than a 0.6 in the morning. No, seriously. You don't just think that they'll do better than a 0.6. I mean, they're not going to do like the 2.8. Damn it. Well, I mean, that's just the way it is. What's the spread on that bet? Yeah. And Chaplain's going to be giving a point spreads on that the over's in the under is the under is the point six and anything over or I will be a big improvement. But I don't think it'll be too much over. So there you go with those. The story, the tale of the numbers, the tale of a program director who is perfect is George says he's the perfect jackass. He never gets it. He continues making mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake. Taking people failed miserably or hated like poison by the audience. Put it back on again and again and again and again. Did you like her before? You would be like this time. No chance. Would you like her in midnight? No. Would you like her if she came to your home and gave you a last job on your income? The answer is no. Still no. So maybe that's why they don't write about radio in this market. Maybe jikas got a point. Maybe what they're at a write about. The same old tired revolving door spinning and spinning around owned by like 3 or 4 bogus horseball companies that don't every goddamn station in this market. We don't want to pay anybody but let's get somebody real creative in here. You know, we're going football and football and Mike church and Joe church and Joe Johnson and all these other people. Sorry Joe. Sorry Joe Johnson. He's okay. He was at the hockey game doing one of those things. By the way, I think it's official. We got Washington cap tonight. We got the Tampa Bay up over there on a weekend and I think after this, they're going to take your capitalized in my idea that I came up with yesterday of eliminating the game all together and just having, you know, Gary Glitter, we're going to go out there. We got the Panther Patrol. We're going to be sling it as to little blimp. We're going to have 10 little blimp drops and crap in there. And now you don't have to worry about standing up and blocking anybody's view. Everybody bringing a cell phone. We'll talk to each other. Hey, how you doing over there? 142. All right. Yeah. That. That. Yeah. The best idea in the history of the human race, say that bald headed potmark piece of crap. 31 million dollars. I will take up a question. We'll take care of our friends like way Whitney, those guys. 21, before 11 to 5, 60 WQA. And I have a lot of other hockey stuff to which I know that makes most of you crazy. But the two barns, they had a lot of spend too much time on it. But I have many comments to make about that. Do we want to do back? No, of course not. Of course not. And now Brian Murray, when it makes no sense to you and talk about getting a back. Now, Brian Murray, oh, maybe he's the guy. Here's the guy that hated him in the first place. Oh, yeah, maybe he's the guy that we ought to bring back. Let's have a midget team. Let's bring back all little guys. I hate to break the news. Brian, we already got a guy in there. Where's number 14? Who's more consistent and a better player than Stu Barn? Oh, man. 24, 11 at 5, 60 WQA. It's what's the notion in the basket? Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's a shame that Stu was traded. But I guess that's just the way the story goes. Why they traded? You will wait, we'll never know. That's really low. We can't win. There's no way to trade it to you. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. There's no way to trade it to you. We can't win. We can't run anymore. Since the days they said to us, we'll start for a moment. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't run anymore. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. We can't win. Do it for me. Tjaing, my name is hello. Here's me hello. Yes sir. I went to the talk about the airlines...� Ilana! Yes In Bargle electivamente... going to Kamin and Tohani. But not to Jamaica. We're gonna go through my son! We're going to Lafat Astach. you can't take you can't load your stuff in a box and take it to the came in islands are Haiti my son can't afford a day a piece of luggage so he was told that he couldn't take his box down there were always stuff well what do you mean he can't afford a piece of luggage what does that mean is that he might well why did you give them some money about how about its Christmas time by my bag he spends always money on winter surfing a quince oh well by my uh by my time so I'm working airlines doing that those ridiculous but well no I think it's more ridiculous that you're so cheap you all buy your son afriqin stamps and I'd bang come on go out there and buy him a bag and get the crap get out of here talk about cheap he's not gonna work in airlines because they don't want a bunch of big bulky boxes all over the guy at the end play I can't deal with people that bring a bunch of you know people get on a plane you're sitting there in first class you've been the first ones on a plane you're sitting there reading your book enjoying your diet so whatever you're drinking and out here come the slippers on the plane and they're all dragged and they're all their whole life is on the plane with them they're slipping the surfboard dinner schlepping bags dinner schlepping fishing wheels and rods and I mean you know you're on a plane okay well we're headed away for the whole weekend yeah right they went away for like two days and they're bringing five years worth of crap onto the plane and excuse them for taking up all the overhead space and delaying the flight for like a half an hour other adjusting their lives open line and paid two and a row or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line by the way Merry Christmas and happy new year to that asshole I call a couple of calls ago by the way hope you have a wonderful holiday sir it's part of the fact that everybody hates you like poison and you're miserable and disgusting and have no life we hope you have a wonderful year may be a lot may have to be a prosperous and the last year for you eight minutes after a limited five sixty double kill if you had that by the way thanks again my good friend Bruce Davidson a dog green poultry and palacca I never realized how much was in that boxy brought yesterday speaking of what's in the box man brought me a uh... crappler to case of my Tyson season b-strips I went home and no put up that box and I was putting stuff away in a freezer that freezer is loaded baby it is full so you haven't tasted this stuff yet way to the final how good it is mister even for a little up-up like you you're gonna enjoy it especially good at cheese melted on their moon good stuff it's these guys in the console and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in did just like them like that they were only here what caught the weed in the high and uh... i'm in a terrible the years that i've been looking at listening to six ten and and i see ever then there I had to raise you so much But it's cashed in I see Oh, no more means that you won't But in more I'll be the only thing that you've ever had In Christmas there is cash to the moon That is never done You weren't feeling fine right Then your face turned on white Oh, thank you You drank a little bit Didn't lose you, elder Good bye to you There's no better chance Forever It's the boss that you're doing But in the summer, heaven Every night I met home And I'm watching TV Oh, no more I have to sit All his dumb movies And listen to their lives Well, the day I have to sit Whenever they're there And I'm watching TV But it's now all the way All that I watch is flicks And I look at all those chicks I wish I knew If they flew Who flew to the world And they all stood up Is there a problem? 116 at 5.6. But if you've been by the way, we had a spyre Poor off the air that got it called If you'd call us to go right around the top of the air That would have melt content that was just iconic Rumor has it that just like Sally Fitz Permetics had a Russian dude with mouth sign eye 600 anal love beads stuck at his back And he liked that Maybe that's why he's out of sorts He's like, these people, what they don't understand Is I love calls like that In fact, if we got any more people like that It would hate me like poison And I want to take a shot Who hate their show Who are disgusted and nauseated But the fact that the ratings continue to be great That we continue kicking ass That they show will continue to be on the air Then please let's hear from you Because obviously if you have time to make the call We're filling a need for you We're filling a void in your life Here's South Miami, hello Good evening, I'm going to tell you how we're using Great, happy holidays, thank you I don't know if you heard it It went after the Dolphins 1 I mean, excuse me, after the giant speed to the Denver Broncos And Nick Bonacano is guys who are up in the booth Drinking champagne and celebrating The Bonacano set up in real smart He said, don't forget that you need to win all the games to go undefeated Right, you actually let boy Nick Yeah, anyway I'm sitting here, I'm cooking a big ponacili And would love to hear Lord Winnis mere go at me Okay, there you go, there's a little preview Okay, and have a great day They don't get it We don't have time for the farting contest We don't have one, I play in young Neil We're not playing the birdstander I mean, I'm really trying today I'm trying to be in this holiday spirit And be generous and like all the quest week this week And next week, it's Christmas, it's New Year's It's right on the ass end of Hanukkah And it's Zera But every time I do this, you folks out there You want the same four things over and over again We'll not do it I mean, we'll not self-destruct right here Because it's a grotesque, is it? Of course And I don't only that, but don't forget It works in the ocean in the basket And the listeners in a coma Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Yeah, anyway, doing Okay, sir Hey, isn't that sound bite that you have? I think it's managed as I'm going to bang in the butt That's managed It's managed, where did you see that? I want to bang in the butt, honey And he was hanging out with Joe Rose I was hanging out with Joe Rose He lived that play that over and over again Master me to it No, I don't, view Are you ready? Yeah, you do, okay There's a guy who wants to share with us His great idea for the holidays, okay No, I really don't fail, but if that's what you're in John, here's another one I want to bang in the butt There you go, and happy holidays to you, sir No, he's not my type We have an open line in date one in Broward 560, 5050, and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's the mobile in Miami, hello No Yes, sir How are you doing? How are we out of there? And back to you I got a dissonance, it's just in a great hall And I moved, let's hear from a lot more guys Like we heard from in the last 20 minutes I'm enjoying it as I love it Hey, honey, I've got a 30 agree with you With a shun, I could call you to install you The sit on the phone for 15 minutes Yeah, how about this guy who's yanking himself They're going to can't figure out a pitchman It's your fifth Kimber Boat camper Don't even know who's saying it And he's still excited And hard as a ruck He can't even hear someone at home He don't want that one Yeah Or maybe just a boyfriend Yeah Okay, this guy just vanished in the fin ear Okay, we have an open-minded, bro We have five six, seven, five, six, five, six Five, six, the on the AT&T Wireless line Now what does that say? Keep cop, keep call, what is that? Keep jumping Here's a lady with a keep on Reload, keep cod Okay, cod Yeah, keep cod, not this one Hello Hello, keep cod here Yes, man Yeah, I'd like to try No, fine, any here What is it? I'd like to hear a cat from a cat Yeah Yeah I had somebody, you know, request it Now I'm requesting it to you Okay, I'll find it for you Do something to explain all those noise-making sound effects Do what? Do something in between the noise-making sound effects Yeah Your kick fantasies Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, keep a smile on your face And play it for me Okay All right, from time to time Okay, have a happy You too Okay, cod, say hi to the candies It's why there's some other best of it It's also in the nacy ending with these years of my life Okay, one moment's late Oh It's on one of these Positive because I have a real good memory Okay, she wants cats in the cattle Which of course ought to be in there But for some strange reason is not Maybe if we are only like 400 hours in there Or maybe if we had like a whole bunch of other people Let's see, cat in the cattle This 20 Okay, one moment's late Okay, one moment's late Great Okay Okay, one moment's late Excellent, I had to get up for this late I sure hope he appreciated very, very much Okay, while I'm tuning up, let's take a... Where are we? Miami, hello, yes sir Well, no, yes sir Yes, I am Yes, I listen to your show Because I make my voice It's the best thing, no, it's the best thing on the radio Even though I personally don't like you as a Jew I still listen to your show Because there ain't nothing else to listen to And yeah, you are pretty good You're pissed people off and you make them laugh You're gonna laugh Anyway, it's happy holidays, you're too fast Okay, you're so cool, it's okay Two There you go, there was a good old boy for him Is that what we're gonna play that thing or what? Now, what if you want you wanted like a lot of those in there too And maybe one of these Okay, there goes for a bit too There's a thing when you're in your Chinese It ain't pocket chicken bottle back, Miami You're not food They swear, sir, you don't complain But that's not chicken in your chicken, child name Things to me, I order sweet and sour pork But God feels on my fork It's parent here on my fork There's a cat in the kettle at the peaky moon The place that I eat every day and noon They can be the cat and you'll never know Once they're out there, I've been told boys They try and real quicks in though They're all old Jowling, I asked if I wanted more As he was dialing up his body at the old That's so sudden, not today I lost my office safe Let's do captain, my belly and they want to play I was stuck in honor of the world and the comes of two When I swear, I heard it to you And that is where I knew There's a cat in the kettle at the peaky moon They can gather stuff even there With noon, they say that it's beefball for your food But it's parent there on my fork There's a hairball, a hangar for it God, it's amazing to be a stuff that we can find And then we can come up with this and it's really a shock to hell out of me There you go, man, and you're welcome to have a great life up there in Cape Con Don't come down here, Coach, you'll hate it We have two open lines in date, 567560, 560 On the AT&T wireless line Let's hear from all these people out there who are squeezing themselves To the sound of my voice on a year today Like the guy who calls to go, he was the best Oh, I love you, sir And by the way, Mattie says, Ben, don't drop it And the soap either Let's go to North Miami, hello Yeah, Neil Yes, sir Yeah, I want to hear that Casey Casey some clip Uh-huh, I know chance Okay, we have an open line in date counting And another question today, okay, let's just talk And I'll play the stuff that I want because you request there So people, not that, can the kettle I was good that that came all the way from Cape Con We had to get it a request all the way from Cape Con up there To get something that we really want to hear Because what the fuck is going on with date and growl? Right, they just, they just neurotic repetition Oh, by the way Sam is going to be in the QA in vain Uh, for those of you who are painting the ass people out there They want to fight each other and get involved in that bidding for the forbe That's right, we got a beautiful forbe Thanks to Kent Davis, the store director at Albertson 99, 19 open park Boulevard in sunrise What up there in my neck of the woods? No, I'm hitting an open park Boulevard Do you know that Albertson? You know that one? Of course you do Uh-huh So the QA in fan will be there Well, that's your know exactly when Sam will I thought you probably want to get over there right now And start bidding they got 800 bucks 800 dollars for crying out loud They got this morning off you off on kiss For something foxes we have Which I think is a damn good cause by the way Is it going to work but no well Here's Miami, hello Leo Yes sir Hey George Stewart, so my thunder here in the break about talking about those desks The case is impeccable as usual Well I can't Yeah, I can't You can do anything with it you could cheese on it I chop up a bunch of onions in there Put some real spicy taco cheese on there After you put it the first couple minutes in a microwave You pop it back in there for another minute and a half And boy, it is delicious Exactly And all the time I grill mine and it's incredible for the little bit of cheese You know this is a little bit of tomato As you know, finding something different and tasty and good When you run the icons is really tough Yeah, you can only have so much steak and chicken and turkey and fish Yeah It is so hard The other day I can't stop saying it puts the lotion in the basket I was getting my groceries It was an allusion in the basket I was getting my groceries together And I had to get some Vaseline cream And she put it on the inside of my grocery muggy I had to say It was an allusion in the basket I let it just stood at me in the stairs This leaves in her 30s And it is looking at me like what the hell am I talking about Excellent These people don't know what the salad is all about When you're on the inside of something Well we know and they don't get it It's always beautiful things They're talking in you to go in Exactly I do that too, especially in Little Havana Beauty, okay, that's not good I do not have to stop Okay, see you We have an open line of day one at Broward 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T and where I was flying We got happy people today We got some unhappy people We got some bitter people We got some people out there searching for a life We got some people out there searching for a member This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station I want to give you a kiss I'll follow step my tongue down your phone Will we be doing all the fun things Okay, you girls don't satisfy I just like to try your own So bring your lips and range Need a touch to tell you guys Down on the knees Back in your sleeve I know you're a whole man I just have no other muscle So they even kick out my hands I'm your life I know you don't let David bow But I can't Oh But I know And I'm letting David bow I'm not a lie, Kevin, I'm jamming you by my side I like you But it's all that different boys are the light you I'm not a dead or whatever the light you Only never thought that I can't you pray That you know, boy has been a long day Yeah, I'm fat, I know And Jerry's good for show but she's not like her Oh, man, don't follow me I know Which one is I to go When I get Oh, man, don't follow me I know We were dancing in the sheets And then we'll die I can't He already picked up there I think he's doing this to do They're probably telling me But you already know that you're He's pretty much a two-three And about 20 claws in my gut They also lie to you about who's To make it on your holiday gift basket It's not the elves that are packing that foot That's right It's not the key for elves who are packing But all they might be, you know, but they say about them It's mostly those heterosexual people out there Since there's only a few faggot What other like 40 or 50 of us? And so most of the fudge packing that's Who's not has done by very straight people who are obsessed with the human We're echoing that guy that called before about 10-15 And then you go, he was beautiful Because you see they think that's the ultimate shot Something it has to do with what the What the You know, which based on the conversations we had Or if you want to go, seems to be like the desired thing The desired pastime That's the American pastime baby That's the American fucking way Right, and exactly, stop and think about that Yeah, right Yeah, okay I think she hit it right on the old Reckles where she hit it Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello Neil, I'm quite great I just want to let you know I don't know why all these people are complaining about They've got to complain about our time They've got to complain they like giving it a hard time You know, I just think back, you know, we're all going to complain We're all going to face reality once Marina's out of here But when you're out of here Yeah, that'll be really good These people have no life whatsoever By the way, got real bad I got good news for the people who keep telling me that come January 1st I won't be here I will not be here January 1st because it's holiday But January 2nd I'll be here Wonderful Listen, I just wanted to tell you a lot of us are out there listening We love you and can I have a request please? Maybe if it's not one of those chronic pain in the ear I'm not going to go to school of broadcasting Okay Thank you, and have a great life You too, Bobbi I'm sticking with you Okay, we have an open line in date 567 That's red red favored by the way the QM school of broadcasting Because it has an early stretch of raw nerve Not good for the ratings Oh, sorry, Bluff I'll have to work a lot harder on the 18 to 34 Which by the way Until I came to this station How many 18 to 34 year old listeners Were there on this station about 7 or 8? Probably less, right? Uh-huh I got all the young guys out there I got young guys all over the place I was going to say I got young guys up there Back to them I'll get that guy so I'm whipping it again Okay, you all worked up into a frenzy You have to get it out again It works in the ocean in the basket Yeah Here's Opa Locker, hello Hey, Mia Just an 18 and a 33 from a 21 year old black guy How are you? All right, now we're talking Yeah, I guess what I'm talking about Listen, I'm, yes they about broke I turned one of my other turnpike and Hollywood Yeah, I had to turn it off I found I got off of 5.95 Yeah, I was about the Duke It's unbelievable Oh my god It's not about that japping New Yorker, you know, fetching yenset I mean, guys pay a lot of money You can divorce from broads like that I mean, they leave town just to get away from Bitches like that Oh my god Tell that about it Um, another thing Um, could you tell me how this rating system for it Because I hear you talking about time I mean, you say like you have a 4.0 And put the 3 share, what's the difference between that? What's the difference between a 3 and a 4? Generally about a 1 Yeah, what? No, I mean, like you say you have a 3.0 Well, they think that I resound And the share means like for example If you've got a 5 share, which is a very good number Okay, that means that one out of every 20 people who are listening at that time are listening your show Oh, that's good to say Another 5 is 120. It's just a bigger number Okay, okay, that makes sense Yeah, and of course it's bogus Because they try to do this ethnic sampling And they like to find a lot of people Don't speak English And a lot of people with dark complections like you guys And, and you know, it's a It's a, it's a crapshot at best But so, so it's not like one rating book Really means they get the accumulation over a period of time But if you keep doing pretty damn well You must know that there are a lot of people listening And if you keep coming up with the numbers that are invisible You don't know but he listens Okay, that makes sense A couple of requests Yes sir LPGA ladies go Good one And, uh, took it to wife Puss us to wife But this week I see, I told you we got spurtz Speaking yet a show right I have a good one Pointy, say it The only man in the history of America Ogritz, he had a fish barter How do you like that? Oh God What's the matter with lesbian Gauce is changing tail We're really love him in balls The only thing that separates us from the man Is the country close bathroom souls We're a friend of the same catty She'll go crazy On the bird she calls daddy Muddha, that's five huge chocolate All right, it's still made us all to see My favorite hole that doesn't have any numbers A green or a lot of fair wigs You'll threaten because I'm a snapper A playboy, a band, a gay Oh, right In the times of heart, I'm gonna club out Let me know Call a city, only time to tell dad I'm gay, let's play LPGA Still, we call to meet that And, right, this great ship I'm at the station, ladies go off to me Hey! Oh I think you've got a dog as you may I think daddy's not alone The girl I'm going to wed Let's get you 20 pounds Oh She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife And she got a beard She says that's the wedding dress I call to the stress Yeah, I don't know how she will fit And we're wedding dress You've heard She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife She don't get a beard I'm telling you why I'm finishing my life She got a crush on her I'm at the station, ladies go off to the station To the bright she did blind people Oh I know everything that I could do I'm leaving there To drive the earth as a land Of course she did it, right? Oh, she got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife And she don't get a beard I'm telling you why I'm finishing my life She got a crush on her wife She got a sugar-suited wife She got a sugar-suited wife She got a crush on her wife She got a crush on her wife And it's got some chance Yeah It is too tired in the way I'll get some pressure Are you? Oh, I got a sugar-suited wife I got a sugar-suited wife I got a sugar-suited wife She made me a good name We were good friends They liked you He had a good life . 2 of potential? I got a Gerlochze Before Christmas, we had a match I got in aves Now, for a really sticking to join out, Panthers ought to beat them. I would say five one tonight. Okay. Minimum five one tonight. Let's do it. Palpatale Park is not doing it right now because the next three days they'll be close for the Christmas holiday. Completely close, completely dark. However, this Saturday December 26, W. We opening with their five days schedule, which means they'll be racing Saturdays. And of course, we got time for casting every day to week except Sunday. But they'll be live racing every Saturday. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, starting this Saturday December 26. So, best holiday wishes from Ted. Now, all my good friends. And by the way, speaking of Papadale Park, I want to remind my close personal friend David Harrow. It's a good day to make a New Year's resolution. And that is, don't ever, ever come anywhere near me. Thank you, David. I appreciate it very much. And please do your best to live up to it. You got to David? Come on. You can do it. Don't ever come anywhere near me. Don't darken my door. Don't calm me at home. I don't ever want to see you. I don't want to hear your name again. But have a great New Year, David, in the stay away. Okay. Saturday, Papadale Park reopens with Daniel Highlight, noon for your whole final casting 12. 30. Wood by and from Toronto, wait 12. It's overdowns for 30. The Meta was five or six 30 Northfield 7, a clock day in your Highlight 7, 15, metal and 730, Yuckers 740, Northville from Detroit 740, and a great live on card track 735 at the Papadale Park. So they reopen the Saturday with the vengeance. Save up all your shuckles and then after Christmas, hit to make it a B-line for Papadale harness. Will you fudge back him? It's time for Ture Chuk. The show that gets to what really be found inside of you. And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis. Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host and welcome to Ture Chuk. The loaf lines are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phones and let's see who's on number two. It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air. High-cone. I'm a first time caller. Well, right. We got a little subject for you, Steve Hangin. So what's on your mind? Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show. And hold on. Let me get some paper here. Okay. I'm back. Life loves the show. That's great. Tell me, Steve. You're wiping right now, aren't you? Yes, I am. Okay. When you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke? I think I prefer a forward stroke is the matter of fact the wife was just saying, oh, oh, oh. What's the matter? I think I just ripped the paper. Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yes, I do. Oh, boy. Remain, com. You're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration? I think so. Okay. Just do as I say and everything's going to be okay. Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something. Okay. Let me see. Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. As you finger out, Steve. Yes. Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No, they haven't. Okay. Go ahead and wipe it off, Steve. Oh, thank you, colon. Keep it for good work. Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening. That's all the time we have for now. And, do the next third duck. I'm calling colon Wallace. This is Ben Churchill. The show that gets down to what you're really made of. Don't forget to book Daniel show the best thing that ever happened in the Hank Goldberg show this afternoon. I'm going to long it to. Okay. The day line's done by the way and I have no idea why because we were rolling along the second of song. We had some very nice people. We had a few sorely people. We had some dark and plated people. Some Julio some Anglo some juice and go. Five a couple of Palestinians. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Notice all of our commentary by the way about the stew bar in situation. Now they have nothing to say. Good. Do we want to back? No. We wish you all the best in the world. We too many small guys already. Okay. We've got a couple of great little guys on the team. Ray Whitney. Do you know if he ever gets his back straight now again? If you get under the age of 100. But that's it. Nice. No. We're not back. We're okay. That's what they got to tell the organization. No moving backward. The van is there by the way. Okay. The van is there. That's the good news. Vanna's there. She's turning the letters. Vanna disguised as a. As a stand by the way. Sam had the promotion man. The van is there. The QAM van just looked for it. It says 560 W to Q. Why never put the QM. I'll get to it. The school of ineptitude. I got it. So what anyway. This the Albertians at 19. In the end of the day. So I was laughing a lot of the thing though. Thank you very much. So back again for an encore. Okay. The first time was not even amusing. It was weak. But this one even like ten times worse. Okay. None of the above. So. Okay. This is one of the morning. Was there's we have all three lines open. And what was that? Go these boyfriend. 560 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless. They must be one of Jeff Bush's buddies. The ones that used to come to the Marlon games with their durable t-shirts. I'll never forget that. And the only place in the world where you could go to a baseball game. And there were a bunch of guys. The bunch of these homophobic assholes. Also sitting in the Jeff Bush those few rows behind where the Jeff's through set. But they're durable t-shirts. And one guy. Hey, Neil. He holds that like a shirt like am I interested? And I would say. Oh, thanks. But I don't think you must be the expert. I think was Richard here's boyfriend. Unbelievable. Obsessed. Just obsessed with your sexual frustration spell. Maybe you can get yourself a guy then. Jim made his blow up doll. He's peddling him. Here's a mobile and time. Time. Tell him. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I'm listening to you and you say you don't mind anybody calling. You like you, huh? Like the asshole like you. No, I don't mind somebody that might be entertaining. But I'm not interested in talking to the same people. I want to call the show every day. Whether I'm not just New York accent and repeat the same. No, not interested. Okay. And here's another guy. Every day of it. See, you have no credibility because I mean, if you call the show every day, you're listening every day. So, where do you end? No, of course not. Even an ass price. They lines open. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the 18. I mean, you're not entertaining or I'm using this supposed to be an entertainment show. Is there anybody not interested? Find you entertaining or I'm using? No. Of course not. You have not just you're just trusting. You're subhuman piece of direct. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the 18, 10 line and date. Here's for Waterdale. Hello. For Waterdale. Well, it's my finger. Hello. I know how you do it. Okay, sir. And listening my whole life. Yes. Just turn it off. Like all of these other losers, yes? No, I just turned 40 the other day. Looking regulation. Listening for 18 years, I think. Right. Yeah. God. I know. Man. I want to give you my top. So, just show you. This guy started out listening to the show. Is he young guy? And now he's been a ladies already. Well, don't say this. It'll happen. I want to give you my top three radio shows of all time. Yeah. Number three. So, Henry. Yeah. Number two. Number one. And honor them. I wish you'd play something by Larry Lougette. Oh. Can you do that? Yes, I can. I appreciate it. Okay. Merry Christmas. See you back to Larry Lougette. Now, how come I've got in here? Oh, you know, I just under Lougette. Just relax. Okay. It's under Lougette. You're all collerand, little Tommy. Lightning is almost struck twice and like forest. I remember you reporting about the little poodle that we've just had. I was a traffic in Lake Forest only to be splattered by a northwestern train. Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel. My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday when we know the discoral trying to weave its way across the traffic on western Avenue. We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park. Oh, luckily though the squirrel's camp were across traffic in my friend that I were relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The squirrel tried to avoid the squirrel, but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up with his phone. Oh, Jay. For a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flung on the grass. To our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away, a parent Lee okay. Oh, good. The girl who was whiting the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his nerve. That's right. WQA is proud to be you, the WQA at the school of broadcasting. Yes, you too. You can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio if you follow our curricula. The course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-B and speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Margen. Now you might be a boy, Kassau. Oh, a boy. A boy, Kassau. Yeah. No, Kassau. Well, can you say news? No, no, no. Yes. No, I got news. News. You know how to take your life tour. You need help. Yeah, we have the Joe Rose Beginner's course. We feed after me. We feed after me. We feed after me. We feed after me. No, no, no. We have the accepted delivery will. We know what you need. We can't come as you call. We're doing news. We'll be out the news. We're going to! We're going to! And no, be here. We have died. I feel like that is in the... And I'll send you a book stolen. Okay, just watching. Okay. Okay, that's the me. And... No, that's what I want to do. Okay. Okay. And... And... And... And... And... Yeah. And no, the aim this woman's talking when I was... Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM School of Godcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean, a one-point school. I think we got some of the sports nerds all bent on a shape today, by the way. I think, with all of our disgusting, obnoxious comments about the worst thing that morning show even though they may be true. You think that could be a possible one. Anyway, like I said, Sam is with the QAM van, they're up there at the Almercins. And by the way, they've raised 60 bucks per cent of one. They've only been there a couple of minutes. We've got all our CDs and stuff there. And we have no bid on the Furby at sea. We are scared of them away by mentioning that they got 800 bucks for the one on Kist this morning. I mean, if you bid like 20 bucks, maybe nobody else will come by and get it. By our deadline, which is what? Like the end of the show? How are we going to do it? And also, here's some amazing news. There are 50 Furbys that that Albertans store and what they're going to be doing is they're taking names during the day and then later around tonight. They'll be picking 50 names out there at 6 o'clock. At 6 o'clock tonight, and you'll be able to buy. You're not going to win it, but you'll be able to, one of the 50 people who can buy the Furby for, I guess, the going price. Right, the going retail price? Yes, and it's Christmas loop, by the way. Sam is not there. Like I said, oh, Chris and Laura there. I'm going to go stand up there. That's coming out of the woodwork now. The coast is clear. So let's start getting some bid done out of Furby that we got for us. And one should get like, at least, 20, 30 grand. We don't want to intimidate anybody to scare them away. Four minutes till noon is five, 60, WQ, anyway. Oh, yeah, we're boring. We used to talk about, we talk about stock now. You know, you just get old RC Fartsy and it's not fun anymore. It's true. We used to talk about good bodies and big f***s and the fun stuff. The mad dog is out of control, and you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Bloodcruster Entertainment, a red-manned inch, things do it. Well, oh, yeah! Right around the sea, well, it's just a red-manned inch. Here's the mad dog. His vengeance seems classic raw. Let's get into a red-manned inch. Oh, red-manned inch. Oh, red-manned inch. It's a red-manned inch. Oh, red-manned inch. Oh, red-manned inch. All right, red-manned inch. Well, red-manned inch. Well, red-manned inch. And first Jim Steddy built a little bit of food. Oh, like that. You're making a horror, huh? But now he's dead. I like it. Why? The mad dog just hit his enough. But that cottage cheese, but if he wants me to sing God bless an arctic and face these in the jeep-ring up here, I'll do it. You got the food! And then the mad dog is in the air. That is so red! Oh, red-manned inch. This is a mad dog. Sing a bell-happy. Oh, red-manned inch. Oh, red-manned inch. Jim Steddy, you have available now at all blocked us through the stores. Then it passed over the 560 WCUAM, so anyway, these sports nerds, they take it very seriously. You know, I'm talking about it. I'm going to get real uptight. Like, there are people out there believe that Reneri is going to come here on work on his radio station in the morning. I'm just going to spread that for the next four years, and just keep repeating that. Over and over again, no matter how many times I say it, will there be people out there who will believe it? Of course they will. It is laughable. I'm thinking, let's put like Bob and Tom on there, sounds good. Okay, Dave County, why don't open? What happened in date all of a sudden? Huh? Couldn't be that tempting way at yesterday and draw it for it. I hear three, oh boy, it must be killing the chickens now. 560, 50, 50, and pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. It must be choking it. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Congratulations to your maple leaf, sir. On a roll. Yes, they are, man. 40 points. They're kicking ass. 19 goals in last three games. What over Pittsburgh and 74 of our derangers? Yeah. Did you want to think about your work with Phoenix? Did you want to see the game yesterday? Nice night. Yes. Koma inducing. I watched some of the penguins game. I was ordered kings. I mean, just Koma inducing. And Phoenix beat the crap out of the trailer. So that's some of that. I got the many dishes like you. And I loved that TSN. The sports network was from Canada. I was in the last night. The coffee video. Yeah. I was very good. The announcer was horrible. Yeah, the output. The distance, the quality. Oh, yeah. The quality was great. And there was nice, you and the extra added game on there. That you're right. Beautiful, beautiful thing. I work at the arena. The new, uh, Nacarina. The national car rectal center. Yes, I do. Uh, and I definitely see Brian Murray every day. Yes. And not a happy man. It's for that way. Really? Why not? He just looks like a sour man. Is he upset about the organization? There are 500. They got Washington and Tampa back to back. They could put together a 4 game winning streak without much effort here if they got any balls. But still looks concentrated. Oh, she still concentrated. Yes, she's okay. Well, it's too bad. I get to do it. Who comproves my help. Maybe he's going to get steward back. Maybe steward might not be able to, uh, out of him. That'll do it. Yes. I get to request for you. We can do it for the short. It's good for me. Yeah. You two, best bits of all time. Brian, which I love. Yeah. And nobody rips you better, which is what I might say. Okay. Okay. And have a great life. Thank you very much. And say how to the spokesman. Okay. Okay. How should we go by the way? Spoken. How's Brian doing too? You are the nice. What's there up, Mike? On the floor of the July. Because now his husband's dead. I'll fall in the head. What happened? We don't know. Something is yourself, body won't tell. So well as Brian. What did you do? Brian. What did you do? Soon. It's not so long. We were standing on his folks' lawn. And he was Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. It's hot to wine. In this sense. It was an ass. Then with some shutt's lion. I don't know why. Your age and moon. Same to the tops or poles on truth. I want to know some more. So tell me who wants to start. Brian. What did you do? Like that. Soon. To leave. Or just leave. You're alive. What did you do? What did you do? Yes. Now he's gone. And from this moment on. We're asking Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. I got through the next couple minutes. I'm gonna, she is gonna have to pick every scab off that cute rid, Puss-filled body of her, is all right? No, buddy, breathe. And, so I'm going crazy on this, yes, because this has got to stop. You make me stick that you bitch! God! How is it possible to be so stupid, Pan? No, buddy, breathe, breathe. And I'm gonna go around with you. You idiot, you asshole, you? Baby, you're for bad. Well, sing this, you fat slob. I'm gonna take this cord and I'm gonna shove it right up his ass, okay? And I'm gonna shove this thing so far up his butt, that he's gonna be sticking a different tool when I get through with him. But we have a longer cord than this piece of crap, look at this. Look how short this thing is. You've got 100 assholes running around this building. They can find another one besides him, although, maybe not that big. Oh, get it out of there! Go pull it towards somewhere, go do something! So, what, in your case, a good question, okay? God. Nobody wins! Don't start looking, once again is always playing fat ol' meal for whatever you are set about. We're discussing nauseating old class. Old, fabulous, bitch. Niel, if you don't repent, you're gonna sit here, but if you're gonna split it wide open, you're gonna just go with a mall. There we go. Now we're cooking. What did I just get through talking about? It was old bag. We don't watch you, lady. Okay? Go get some knitting out. Go find some crossword puzzle. Don't get there. We'll make a little bit of progress now. The answer is starting to request things that we haven't heard over and over and over until we're like, we're good. I mean, sooner or later, even the best stuff. Get what's the large and in the best? There was very, they butchered. Eight minutes after the trial. We have no bid on a Furby nothing. Kiss, country, kiss, cost there a bunch of Yahoo's and our audience maybe a little bit more in the lecture on that. You think? No. But they raised 800 bucks to put on a Furby this morning. We got nothing. Since it's easy that we may have never been. I would have thought that would have been 500 people lined up over there at that Albertans over in the Navajo and Nielken Park, but they will have 50 more by the way. Like I said, the ticket names and dresses and they'll pick 50 names up and fix it clock tonight. Those 50 people will be able to buy one of Furby for their pain in the as kid. And we got 60 bucks for sent a one so far and that's it. Very, very distressed and distraught. I'll tell you that right now that we got no bids on the Furby. This song is we ought to be able to be able to be able to be able to get nine dollars. Thank you. We're going to get a pro. Hey, counting. Or a person. Susan Pauher. You know, it's the loud, gall-headed, impover so clean with a bikini West job. Okay, okay. I was fat, but my ex has been his a jerk. Now she's fat with a new cell health tape that helps you deal with the jerks of a 90's. You got to eat. You got to bring. You got to swell. Come on. You got to start the up 70. You've been with a puzzle. But I need to stay in. You got to start the **** enough 70. Susan's been through it all and she knows how to deal with it. Every morning I went out. Looking at the mirror and say, well, the house got up **** with me today. He's just like you, but she's making a lot more money. I'm just a house life who's figuring it out. If you stay in the **** head, we're tight and close and get 87. 54 videos. You're like a **** lot of money. Learn how to deal with life in the 90's with Susan Pauher's newest video. Start the upset of these. What the **** happened to my hand? A variable wherever she could ask like you by **** like this. Okay, 1213 and 560 WCM. We got a $50 bit on the Furby. I was starting. I always have to start somewhere. And we got 80 bucks per cent of one so far, which is also a start not too exciting. But the Christian liberal over there waiting for you to come by on the Albertans Park and not have a little clip and part of all of it. Maybe we've exhausted that the **** of the whobs. Because it's a right in mind that the wood there, but I'm sure we'll raise a few hundred bucks there today for cent of one. So let's see 80 bucks. Our total now is, let me take a look. 120. Well, it's almost 121,064. We're almost 220 grand, but almost puts us up to a nice even number. So just continue going over there. We got the best of stuff and we're taking a bit on the Furby. And don't forget six o'clock. 54B's inside. They'll be doing the wrong. You see who's got the right to buy them. Wow, I might be able to buy a Furby. Holy crap. But hey, that's what it. That's America for you. Here's a mobile and Del Rey Beach, chill off. 80L. Yes sir. One time listener, second time caller. Okay. But all your CDs over the years, good friends with people that work at Centro 1. I have a special request. One I know you've played a lot. You hate playing it. But once called, once sent to American Pie. And tonight my credit died. And the other one is prison bitch. The night my credit died. It goes to the scene of American Pie. That's how I heard it was like two years ago you played it. You're working a high. Right. George is what? What is it? George seems to, maybe I know what he's talking about. I just can't take it at a real name of this. Okay, we'll go. We'll take a bit. That's in prison bitch. Okay, well prison bitch. No. And have a great holiday. Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 and a mobile one line. I don't, I haven't got the foggy of style. Yeah. No. I know we do have something to go through the tune of the work and pie. How's that my client doing by the way? How's Doug McLean doing? Anybody seen him? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. Hey, first time caller all time listener. Great. Love you. Happy holidays to you, my friend. And you sir. And hopefully the Maple Leafs will take home Stanley Cup to share. I can smell live Cup, man. I count. I count. I'm telling you, it starts with good goal tenning. They're getting at this year. Mm-hmm. They look terrific. Even healing one is two games. How you like that? I'm telling you, coach, everything's going there. They're looking great. And they got to so many good players on that team. They're all better to talk about the Maple Leafs and the Panthers. That's for sure. Well, I would agree right now. They're like 12 points ahead of the Panthers last time I left. There's a pretty prophetic this year. They're five hundred teams. Just like our record shows. The mediocre. I had a friend listen in the show yesterday. And I didn't get a chance to listen unfortunately yesterday. And I would love one request if you could just play Borney takes a dump. Oh, geez. I appreciate it. If you can. Oh. If not what? If I can. If you can. I can play understand. I love you, Neil. And let's have a head of all of it. I thank you so much. And God bless you. And we'll see. No, I just played that yesterday. I'm not going to keep playing the same stuff every day. Oh, no. I'm not going to do it. What are you looking for? You don't know what you're looking for. And forget about it. Don't worry about it. What are you so conscientious about? We don't know what that guy's talking about. And then he also wanted to hear prison bitch. I mean, is this guy joking or lie? Yeah. Man, talk about neurotic repetition over and over and over and over and over. Yeah, it's like, uh, God. One more time. We have an open line of grower two and a day five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game that I'd buy the way because Washington bought. How did we get in that division? Washington caps our as boring as dog do man. They are terminal. They got a thousand injuries. They're a really bad coma inducing team. So let's just have the teams go, uh, you know, let them fight it out in the locker room. And we'll sit there. We'll do our thing. We'll play a Gary Glitter. Dad, come on. We'll have food fights and we'll be up there and everybody will be shaking the ass and chicken their booty and doing little. You see or whatever they're doing. Come on. Let's do it tonight. Have a party up there for Christmas and New Year's, etc. And just taking four feet to game. That's why they're great time. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, a several days ago when the van was in color rich. I bought a CD and I wanted two CDs but they had run out of part one. Yeah. We're only selling tapes. Also, they only had one size and t-shirt. Anyway, I bought two of them, uh, two of the CDs and played them. And I thought, well, look, I know several perverts for whom this would make a perfect Christmas gift. So I went in the borders yesterday. The borders on, uh, south US one. Right, candle, yeah. They're completely out. And while I was there asking about them, another guy walked in behind me and he was disappointed also. I didn't like that. So I asked them to call down to the borders and cook in a drawer. Oh, yeah. And see if they had any and if they did the whole two for me. And the borders and cook in a drawer is completely out of stock. I mean, I think these things would be selling if they were available. Well, they had that's why they were out of stock. They have been selling like hotcakes. We can't keep up with it a man. And you can't get another supply. Well, why don't you call us when I won? Well, you know, I wanted to give them as Christmas gift. Oh, I thought I'd get them inside. Yeah. I don't, uh, I don't know what the alternative is at this point. You guys have done a great job of promoting these things. Yeah. But the guys who are handling the distribution and I don't know. No, no, but you had to understand the last week or ten days has been just an unbelievable rush on this stuff. And it's just more static about it. Yeah. But I think about it and keep listening and maybe I'll come up with a brainstorm for you. All right. Yeah. Do a good job on that charity. I think that's a wonderful thing. Congratulations. Thanks a lot. Happy holidays. And back to you. Okay. We have two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, Chillow. Nail. Yes, sir. No requests. Long time, Western, I'm an old melee and first time caller. And I just wanted to wish happy all day. And I just want my only request would be that just Neil, keep being Neil. Okay. And one comment I've got for, I'm a Christian man that just loved you. That loved you to death. And I want to be much more. My comment to the rest of those people that call in and make, take shots at, yeah. Yeah. Anybody who ever has known a gay person has to look at. Has to look at that person. What? What was that? I didn't know a gay person. What does that mean? I know some gay people who have been on the best part there. What does that indicate? Yeah. Okay. Thank you sir. Have a nice life. Oh my god. Is that, uh, he's. I mean, we're going from one extreme to the other. This guy never met a faggot. He didn't like. I met a lot of faggot. I wouldn't, uh, do you with a thousand yards of man? Madacone, Madacone, there you go. Good. I mean, you know, you got to be real, sir. You got to live in the real world, real world. If there are people who are hung up with their homophobic or bickatory of any kind, it doesn't interest me in the least, but I couldn't care less. But when we have to start generalizing out of, uh, psychotic paranoia, then it becomes really embarrassing to me. God. Yeah. Glot need a faggot to be the nicest people you ever met. Well, thanks. Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe they'll be assholes. Maybe. That could have been right there. One of the most unbelievable calls in the history of talk radio. I think it was. I think you're number one of the bullets, sir. Let their top of the list for this Tyson's, these beef strips. Even even George like this. And he's used to being a lot of good free food, but this, uh, not seriously. This is great. And you can do so many things with it. You can put cheese on it in the microwave. You can chop some onions up in there. You can do whatever you want with it. And thanks again to my close friend Bruce Davis in a dog green poultry don't block it. I'm going to keep buttering him up because I want a lot more of it. Although the bag of vegetables, you know, that's why I don't want to go out of that. Huh? I don't want to say that George loaded up the car with a carton yesterday that carton with all the omitants. And then it was a big bag of veggies. You know, for like, stir fry that kind of thing. Put the big bag of veggies in the back of my, uh, in the hatch compartment of our core bed. But unfortunately somebody had already opened the bag. So there's like a few little, a bit of a rip. It wasn't on the, it was a rip scene. Oh, they had a rip scene. Huh? Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Do you know what I have you there? Hello. Sounds like me, yes. Hey, just a Christian woman calling from San Francisco. Yeah. Hey, we need you out there. We've got a situation on the radio, boy. You want? I'm in here for three days in the situation in San Francisco's pretty sad. We need somebody like you out there. No chance. Somebody's bag. No, no. No. Okay. Okay. Boy, boy. Too many, uh, too much disease. We have an open line of day one and a broad or five six zero, five six, the pound five six, the on the mobile one line. Where we going? Here's a call spring. Hello. Happy New Year, New Year. Oh. Yes. I'm going up the Chicago for the holidays. I appreciate it if you could, if you still have that Larry Luchak or the New Year. No, no. Okay. We have an open line of day two and a broad or five six seven five six the in pound five six the on the mobile one line. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Okay, sir. I want to comment a couple of things. Yeah. The other day I was listening to you show like I normally do. And I enjoy your show very much. The thing is, um, you were playing some bit from, um, what's the same, uh, Christian for reef. Yeah. Which I thought it was the most tasteless thing I have ever heard. Good. And, uh, I think that's very wrong or a first one. Let's find a new show then. Get out here. We have two open lines. It's day one is brown five six seven. Five sixty and pound five sixty in the mobile one line. Say how do you two board friends two. Okay. By the way, next time you're drinking each other up. How do you two board friends? Part of our little trio of who he owes out there. Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And I'm saying shameless request. Uh-huh. When I got called ripping Glenn Hill when the bird. I would play that yesterday. Ophel. Like I said, I'm like, I'm going to play the rack. Okay, you people though you're request you got like seven this and that's all you got that's your whole God they're my fertilizer. I've got 23 years worth of crap and at least 11 or 12 years at least 11 to 11, play in all those crazy crap. And they got the bridge tender. They got Barney takes our crap. They got the crap is what they got. Man. What a mistake. What a what a death note. death now what I'd definitely this is for myself to be done indulging these people in this craft I just get your plan Larry Lou Jack 15 minutes ago. Oh, you're still got that Larry Lou didn't know if this appeared in the last ten minutes, okay? What plug it just disappeared don't keep breath God All the day lines are open five six seven, five six six the effect I'm not taking any calls Okay, forget about the calls. I'm just doing what I I said it to begin today Forget about these calls. It's the holidays play the stuff that I want to play doing entertaining show These idiots with their car crot a compulsive idiotic and that guy that called before about he never made a fact It wasn't a great guy you're a bold like whatever Man talk about ingratiating Oh the Jewish people are the most wonderful people the Palestinians yeah right people are people how many years have I been telling you that okay? I'm a good Jews I've made it and there's the nanny, okay? There's good Jews and there's the nanny Oh I rest my case What I'm choking on this stuff you wanted to why in the bottom of the bag there's all the little bits of meat Boy you get a little bits of meat in your mouth in your throat wait out there deep in your throat Did you got her real problems baby? I never like getting meat weighed down here. Oh no Oh look at that. I just mung two little pieces of Tyson Beastrip right on my copy there Oh Three pieces three easy pieces Oh and then I that needs a more watching. I looked him off of there 25 past noon is five sixty WQM The president you would actually see the purchase by a bunch of max thought over stress individuals were so these are the Hypno idea which one really don't care any person that you received is actually your size I'm gonna call you like as a mistake. We're trying to say is have another egg not go to the white Christmas one more time And I'll let your whole skin do a Man five Help the man to connect quit give me over to drowning. Hey, here comes the remaining here he comes He's he's gonna wheelchair Oh Oh Yeah, yeah, I'll call you super gem Mia ? Oh Get on top all I who fawn how quietly, visit out a way to defensive Superman Oh, playfulikrei is content iceyyy YOOON S clearly I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man Silence, pardon, dead, is hard He's can't hear your nose apart He's can't hear his but he can't tell Some who are cheated by that awful stuff What the hell did you eat? Immel just like watching me Silence, pardon, dead, is hard I got one and came to the end I lost the warmest room around She was very much a rebel clown I walked wide out of that way With a fist I loved my face Dying in the spark Death is hard You and me, if you're blind and artist Let's go for some rest I have the sins of your capacity If you're in church when you do You'll have to stay in your due The memories I've prepared for you This is something I want to know who's got the cheese It's the final warning It's the final warning Yeah, so what I have to do now Just take it back Oh, I gotta take the thing back It happens every Christmas I feel it was better than a bad When makes you think I'm with your love I don't weigh in the fear of love Why did you buy the game soon And I sure didn't want the real reason I hope that you kept her busy I could hide it in my pocket Oh, burning in the back, yeah But I'm gonna do now Just take it back Oh, I don't weigh in the time I don't weigh in the time What are you on? It's the thought that it's time But you get it, thing So there's what I would do I'll take it back to Walmart Oh, it's the thought it's, yeah That's what I'm gonna do now I will take it back Call 35 at 560WQA And the Hank Goldberg Show from school is at 2 We got Josh Friedman coming up at the same Oh, you can find any going We'll work right before Christmas And then we got Kelly at some of the pre-game show Panthers in the captain at any interest No So what's the story? We are doing nothing out there at Albertson's What's the deal with that? How is that possible? How can you not have a line from here to God they maliquip a $120 still $50 was a last for Jesus? This audience man, I can't get over it Maybe that speaks about for audience They don't want to spend $10 for a stupid for me Like the country kiss people Maybe 800 bucks from Jackass paid for a Furby How do you like that? So funny, funny, Fox girl into a rehab 800 bucks for a little grotesque ugly doll That any kid in America would look at and say Faa, for way, give it to some other stupid kid Okay? So all we got is a $50 bit, so whoever Been to $50 bucks right now looks pretty good And 120% of one, that's at the Albertson's parking lot Albertson's at the corner, not the little open park That's an open park, that's in sunrise That's to whatever they call that place Like Yenemsel Here's a mobile and Cooper city, hello I'd like to call Mario Yeah, okay, great, call him up, what's his number She would, I mean, with these people here And these holidays man, I'd like to call him Mario Good, come to go to his face, okay? Tom, hey, you're a douchebag, you jackass, you're an asshole, you're an imbesil You make me sick of my stuff and then watch what he beats the little It's not out of you, okay? That's why you're calling a radio show to call him Because everybody's real module and butcher on the telephone In person, oh, hey, Mario, how you doing? Yeah, what's going on? What it is, baby? But on the phone, he'd like to call Mario a scumbag or whatever it Shea him on you, sir Have a great home Anyway, everybody's a good Christian, Christian's got a finest garden I'm dreaming of a white neighbor Just like one guy is known Where the longs were trimmed And cars and rims are very long ago To the ground to the ground I'm dreaming of a white neighbor With every force you find on your right Where your name is, be very kind And ride And make a white neighbor You are a white neighbor You are a white neighbor I'm sorry, I didn't put that one in there Yeah, little loose with palm dust It works the lorsing in the basket, it makes it a lot It works the lorsing in the basket, it works the lorsing in the basket When the eyeball falls out, it works the lorsing in the basket And has to hold it out It works the lorsing in the basket It's my diapil guy, it works the lorsing in the basket It's a rubber dot by the ground It works the lorsing in the basket I have to try to treat my schizl, it works the lorsing in the basket I said, don't blow I switch my BB in my legs, I say Oh, I like to dance around this way I mean, it's all the lops quiet today I want to look for like the wolf My name is popperll bill It works the lorsing in the basket, it makes it more budget It works the lorsing in the basket, I over by TPA It works the lorsing in the basket Oh, much does it go It works the lorsing in the basket, I got my schizl to be a bonnet glacier I want more No more More Okay, 20 kilo one, it's 560 WQL On a great Wednesday we hope you have it a wonderful time out there We really kick into mash out there at Albracan today Oh, boy boy What does that all about? You understand why that the median demographic Once you get north, once you get up there, that part of town The median demographic is 8 plus 100 Once you get it like when you're driving north on the university drive Once you get to sunrise Boulevard, it's the demarcation line Because just north of sunrise university is sunrise lake Oh, the median demographic is death, plus 100 So maybe that's not the best territory for us But that sure is not crowd up there But we still have 120 bucks per cent of one And allows you to 50 dollar bid for that Furby That's like a laughable Be a god I think you gotta die You suck me, my short head Idiot This two things are no Daddy, you're a loser I want back to my pants I got for all I think Mommy treats on you I think Mommy treats on you Hasn't happened over here And why don't you get a job? To deserve a hug every moment And what if like you feel that now? Daddy is not here. Sweet city And dropping out of high school She's looking like a mama A little more everything Daddy, I'm pregnant One cross-bomb The other part I don't know who the father is A human being A human being A human being Has to turn chick I've had Weaning's out in a crazy I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes? What if my kisses are not Hang out on a dump for the brightening world Still changing me today? Dad, I'm getting married again You should make a promise And I'll give her away Dad, that's my ass Standing in the bride room Just staring I think I have to fill it Has to be one of the biggest And I said I'm not sure No, I've got a letter go The whole way Hey, pop, we're moving in And butterfly kisses Dad, I've moved I'm a lesbian All right She only was seven With she augured in On through two more coverage For CNN I was ignoring the weather And storms to a bar For white trash which mother That she time with joy All right I'll pile it I'll pile it You're too young to lie You're never You're never Connesty night A white trash which mother Consulate through her son But he says that client Don't see this much fun Still she says you have to To inform me Now help me set up my Dubai Spring TV Chai I'll pile it Oh we're flying Chai I'll pile it You're too young to lie You're never Connesty night Oh we're flying What you scared and fall While you're with the resort in the ocean And while you're with the whole While you're with the resort in I'm out to the resort I choose to Because your term will watch while you When does your term You love the Miss Frazier on here You cherished the Miss Frazier on Now 17 times any winning and 38 times Betty Ford residing Kelsey grammar Is delving into uncharted territory With tellsy grammar things Very white If you don't mind my saying so I feel that your love Far exceeds that which I can get enough of Or it's always not a conclusive I thought with the proposition as a word Oh you're love I cannot get to know Not that William Chandler's Lucy in the sky With diamonds and pet foams to the fruity As there have been such a torrid Just a position of an Anglo-oriented song Stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable Sophal melodic renderings Pardon me man But when would be a contingent time for your eyes Or get it on Oh yeah My mojo is working Think I think it is Plus if you act now We'll throw in at some additional charge A pre-bonus track a Mr. Grammar stirring rendition of Ice Caves Would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African-American tech Divis or whom many of the young ladies have Amers feelings Oh yes You're done Toot and so Get calcium grammar things Very white He makes very white Very white Oh I really got my book It will work a mouth Mama Watch me work He is fighting A post-apOSH And he plays Makan How does a person approach to win And his 3 in full Break easy Look at his 18 tricks There I got a first-class riser. It's not pitch to ten-modges. Now it's morning and morning. I find it in a possible gym room for you. I'm sporting and I'm learning. All right. I feel like an absolute hour will. Tisky ! She's got a bonus with 1000 greet. She's alive in Andrik's becuase she is, but genuinely a hidden froaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaait. She's had Xiaan still already three years ago. But she's not enough to serve her for 15 minutes now. She's bleeding, lost , and she kept all her children resting in the side of me. Just hold and think that's how she'll suppose man, but unless I have someone with that kind of mind Survive me, she's Getting you out to describe with everything she's gay. but was a bit or so funny that she ended at Madame phrase way all her things, so keep this up on track. Oh, it's gold. Down in the jungle room. We're sporting what is this man's best? All right. It's feeling impossible. You can kill what's falling for this man's best. Feel like a natural. You got to kill. For what is this man's best? It's almost impossible. It's 40 foot is in the field. Feel like a bad soon bow. I don't play this. Finally, I'm gonna start having a shot today. I'll quit. Everybody put your knees in your pocket. And find a new one. Oh, people though watching women are set around. They're green, blue and blue. But I'm not sure if something is being left. They're not gonna stop here. Not much to look at. But I ain't looking at the males just to lose the world. There's a lot of little too slow. It's low, there's just so little too long. But rather grown-in, I've built a lot of love in. He's got a really big self-attract. Your girls are clean if you let it out. He's got a really big self-attract. I'm fishing for the world. He's got a really big self-attract. Oh my god. That part can make me a swim shell. He's got a really big self-attract. I'm fishing for the world. He's not even in the South of the world. He's got a really big self-attract. He's got a really big self-attract. I mean, it's just done. I mean, let me ask you one very important question. What's that ever happened in the Polian Coffee? The NLS TV game show that six times better than Hollywood's players. It's Hollywood Q. You don't get your sign celebrity. Hollywood Q and Steve's used six times that. Fifty-four. Well, no entertainers every day. Zick not the light. The actor who plays the Major D on the rest of the day always goes to one day to buy life. What does the formula? I are squared. Just good. I am not sure. I've got eyes are round. Hollywood Q. Why can you question even crazy answers in some fights of China? It's okay for a man to see another man's wife come. I'm like, I'm like, yeah, he's not in the world. I'm like, why? Why? Why? Why? I can't see the Q part of the middle. It's a Q, here. I think it's a big six times one of the Hollywood's players. What you think about it? It's an old amount of accomplishment. What do we become big in Poland? What's stuck in the middle? Would you? Prop 50 5 at the end. Of course, if you meet one of those people. You know, the nicest guy than people. That's what I've discovered. You meet those questions. If you meet a guy named Muslim, they are the better. salt of the earth. You need a Buddhist. They are the nicest God damn people. Sir, you could be the dumbest person I've ever spoken to of course you said it was a, did he say it was a Christian? Four minutes, one thing to be a Christian, but when you start saying it, then you know that the Syria's help is in order. Four and a half to one, it's five sixty, WQA, but it's still one, it's still out there. Hello, no. I would like to thank you all, question. I still was watching your program on the, on where me on my enemy, but they was the 15th. And I don't know if you have some kind of anti-Christ or something, because now my son wants to worship the devil, because he thinks it's cool, and he also wants to just as late and then solicit on now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-Christ channel. Please, I'm really concerned and I will let you know if you have the anti-Christ. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I will use something to be water, because you know you turn my son into a baguette, and you made my son serve the anti-Christ. Thank you. And have a nice day. Hello, I am a Black female American, and I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 610 AM currently, and I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to Black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people are welfare, because they are more white people on welfare in America than blacks. There is more white trash out there. They are not trying to get job. They just want to lay around and have babies from Black people. And I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I am sticking to all of it. And I will call my lawyer. I really hope you use this on the ear. I have been listening to you a year now for maybe 20 years at least, and I have been living here for 40 years. I have never heard anything as disgusting as a neurologist program. I have heard of it before. It is pornographic. I have put on my granddaughter of one of my kids listening to his bizarre. I will tell you frankly, I have done listening to your stations. This is a group of gross things I have ever heard. I have always heard. You are off my book, goodbye. Yes sir, I will start with the respect guy. I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC and Washington, and he said they are going to send me information in a package. As far as making a formal complaint about the neurologist show and the format. And I will tell the people to contact the Christian coalition, Ralph Stores, and the many people who are going to answer the group of people that can call the sponsors. And all the spots during the new lecture show and complaints and possibly let us know that we will not be shopping in the stores as long as the commercial rubber being ran during the new lectures. So, which is not a show, it is a scene and pretty disgusting. Now all this can be avoided if you guys change the format, tone it down, ask that disgusting pig to stop talking about the pain of sex. So, it is in your hands. I feel that you guys are turning it down a little bit and I will probably not go ahead and follow the complaint. Otherwise, it is ready to go. You know why this is a pig? I turned my radio on the other day and dropped uncle Neil program, whatever it was. It is a selfie, a spank. I have ever heard in my life. It is a children were around, it is horrifying. I am surprised. But do you see, you let that go on the air? I have heard other complaints about even from the health care. I wish you would rectify that and do something about it. It is no need to be taking guys name and name and name and name and they could classify women as well. How many of you have been mentioned? Thank you very much. At George V. Robert, I am playing an out of town on time on business, whatever I was looking for, good sports talk radio station and having to find Neil Rogers. The honest with you, it is a very pathetic and this guy, I mean, this is all you got on sports front radio, it is horrible. So I definitely try to find somebody who is there and that is for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. It is on one day we will all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day. Bye. The thing that you have talking on your sports department, I heard them other day talking about the illegals that they are getting now to play the game. It is very clear that he is talking about the Cuban illegals. I want to tell you that is very sh**y. Some of the talks that we are about illegal because you know, hand himself is not a native here. He is not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal from time or the other. I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. It talks about that that the Cuban people have about his nationalities, the pieces sh**. There is nothing but rap to hear the support people. That is how that is the American sh**ing way. So they are talking about Cuban people that we are the vast holes you guys. I heard a commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon. Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile and a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say, get away from my automobile or you are too close to my automobile you are making M. M. I object seriously to the profanity like that on the radio. And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising. I believe in free speech but that is too far. If I don't hear what is going to happen to this complaint from you, I will send a letter to federal communications commission because no kind. That kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio. You might be right between individuals but not on the radio. You can call me back on the EIS. I am Miami resident and I have been kidnapped into here as a meal talk show. And I think it is absolutely horrible and I don't understand to anybody that values a moral or social conscience in a lot such a thing to be broadcast on this station. This guy is just cursing the people and smoking, blasts, fuming, just spreading anger and hatred. I don't understand that. I mean, do you have children, do you have a family, do you care what's going on in the world? No. That's just bad steps are going around. Someone is venting all their hatred and anger and innocent people and if you just let somebody crying on the sun here and maybe it is very popular and makes a lot of money for your station but this is really not what the world means. I mean, things are bad enough. I don't think we need a guy like this and I really find it very essential and it's horrible. I mean, how do you like your children? We're listening to that and growing up in a world where this kind of thing is acceptable. But people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed. I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted and I am sure I'm not the only person to feel that way. Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world and the other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage and I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable. If you want this world to get to be a better place, this is not the way to do it. I've been listening to WGM for five to six years and I've watched the morning show evolve and everything and I have a problem I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercials for the guy that cuts curses nasty things and there is no warning. It just blurt out, you know, you can hear the bleep, you can hear the bleep, you know, and you can hear the ventaminate voice and you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio, quick enough. Now I heard it, you know, I had a problem a year in the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to this station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating with this nasty language and I don't know what I can do but I just thought I better call you know and tell you it's different with Hank. If Hank calls someone in some of the bitches you've heard the guy act like a son of a bitch and there's a reason for it but the other guy with his part and his asshole and the lady curses he's ruining their first thing and I think Joe Roe should stand up in, and get this off his program. There's a lot of people like me that are, you know, have children and I just like to hear someone say pissed off on my way to work. This stuff gets me fired up when I hear someone say that and I don't think it's appropriate. If you're going to have to ask him a little program in the middle of your day, leave it there to make the other program need to do something that really insult my intelligence in, you know, that's not clear. I don't know what is. I'll talk to you later. You'll Roger, I think it's the perfect example of queer. What is this purpose for his new show or his ugly show? He's that would rectum every five minutes because that's what he's brain is. He's never going to get past his soft floor to audience because that is the town of the people that he's always complaining about the only fools that would give him any time of day. Eventually his brain will drop so low you'll have to read just this rectum. George, who is being over here, you can tell you, think fat, f***ing ACF, he has no right to talk religion because he is a faggot and he is not represented by our thinking. Thank you. I'm Eric Christmas and happy to hear. Okay, 10 minutes after one of the 560w2 and we got a 500 bucks per cent or one plus the bid on the Furby is 85 bucks. Wow, pretty weak. That's that the Albertians, not the little clip Park Boulevard, Christian, the George, their Lou or whatever is name is, are up there in the QM van. And we got 50 minutes and somebody's going to get that Furby. It looks like a steel over by and we got all the best of you all see these and stuff as well. Albertians, corner Navhalla open Park Boulevard in Jerry, Antrick town. Oh, Bena, Big Neal, Letter Bank, what do you mean bank? I don't see her how much money I got to send. Can't stand to look at fat day jack again. Oh, what's going on in the tower still live by your powers. Oh, Bena, Big Neal, Letter Bank man, what do you mean there's no infant fall? Bena, Big Neal, Letter no one does it any better. I dream about you, Bena, is that an all over Santa White? Bena, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say. Anyway, get me a stickie for a narrow plane. Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game. I just assume when the wheel of dins, Ovena, Big Neal, Letter. Go Bena, look at me go, Ovena, hey, get out of my face back. The matter is the way and they're telling that word is the lower rider. All right, look at her. Forget the letter man, I'll take that white, you beautiful baby. You'll sneak a play to on game. I can be a stickie for a narrow plane. All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bottom of the round. Baby, Bena, Big Neal, Letter. Loser, turn, hey, crack, lose dead. Bena, Big Neal, Letter no one does it any better. I dream about you, all right, that is an all over can. Bena, I don't need to stare by wearing underwear, not for me to say. Anyway, I don't hear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at backstage, I can't get in. Won't throw in the towel and steal the light by your powers. Ovena, speak me a letter. Bezenan, speak me a letter. All right, I'm ready to speak baby. Every TVM, the ticket, again, I'm a few draw a TVWM, that's just a ribbon. All right, I'll take the sofa on the blender, the microphone, the leather, refrigerator. And man, what do you mean five or five dollars for a black and white five in portable TV? You got ripped off, man. My brother and wife don't get a few old fairs. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV format, all right. And I have the bomb, baby. Once I've got the ticket, five, six, five, six, five, six, six hundred bucks. We're set a one over there, up in Albertans. And still at $85, $bit on the Furby. Oh my god, either our audiences are having a lot of smarter than the kiss audience or we just don't have one. So speaking of having a lot of hints, our friend John and Lake Worst, back since they cost it, letter about Rick and Sudgly and a morning and bookbeat on the afternoon. And I'm not going to waste my time reading letter, which is very well written, but the response from Peter Bolger now, there lies the rub. Here's the best. Your mail has been forwarded to me from Ronald Wolfe's, his Peter. Radio stations never get enough feedback. So it's always appreciated when people take the time to let us know what they think. We believe that? No, of course not. I understand how you would have gotten comfortable with Rick and Southern the afternoon. Although I don't promise anything, perhaps to find a microphone beside some of your comments, you find it easy to understand except these changes. Mornings are the most important time period on a radio station. This is why most the most competitive. What is it? This is why it is the most competitive. This is why stations put what is arguably their strongest show on in this time period. Why they had John Ford on with a 0.6. Oh, the regal with fraction. Oh, they put their strongest show on in the morning. A 0.6. Oh, if every station made the decisions based on being afraid of all of the radio stations are doing, there would be no Howard Stern. No Paul Christ, you know, no Bob and Tom, etc. Just a few years ago, everyone thought Herman Nick Bean were unbeatable with the old WGTR. We did. Did we take that? No, of course not. Keep these things in mind. One, Rick and Sput have done most of their career mornings. In fact, nearly half the years have been in South Florida. Have been in the mornings. They hate the mornings. Number three. You go from number one to number three. I'm serious. There is no number two. Who is number two? I guess Patrick McGill and his looking for them. Number three. Mornings are not an insult and the industry is the most desired time slot all the waking up a tree aim in the morning is something you never used to. Number four, Rick is very confident of his ability to compete in morning drive. If you're a real fan, maybe you would be too. I'm not so sure this is number five. I'm not so sure if we're concerned they're insulted by having broken he afternoon. Is that he liked that? Yeah, I wonder how they like having a book in the afternoon. Well, that makes us feel like duty of it. I accept the fact that you'll miss the drive home of Rick and so I hope now you've got a better understanding why this decision was made. I accept you may not like the decision, but at least you'll know why the decision was made. Peter Boulder, they consistently, the unflapable, the absolutely perfect operations manager at Quirchand. There you go. Nice going, Pete. Mornings drive is our most important time. That's why we put our top talent like John Ford in the morning. He's a creative monster is what he is with a 0.6. Oh, with the number that you couldn't find with a guy damn magnifying glass with those magnivision reading glasses that Reniri was always peddling, right? No, no, no, no, oh god. Yeah, Reniri's coming January second. Okay. All you first team sports nerds out there. Look out now. You got real tourists coming baby. Well now we're going to have to get an AP wire for the birthday of us. And this is the stories. Next time. No, it's not exciting. A lot more than those. They say they're weapons. The master structure. Oh, I think we're certain. A couple made a turn. Dominor. It puts the lotion in the basket. In the golf course. Let him off the hook. I think it's time to give his bottle of water. So let's try to know those people on the right. Yep. Up until there's nothing left to see around. Till San involve the hooks from the Brachner-Basturas. And that's Bay's got some sort of That's how the ghost is heard. That he's not heard in my phone. If we land in the fire, we're gonna do it. We're gonna go, not in this house. What the hell? Oh, here I am. I'm breathing to the near. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. I don't see him in. Oh, here I am. Oh, okay. Oh, here I am. Oh, touch this stupid phone. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. I don't know what to say in the mother's f***er. I don't know what to say in the mother's f***er. I don't know what to say in the mother's f***er. I don't know what to say in the mother's f***er. I write the crappy little country. That's like the first echelon of space. Just get rid of that. You're in drinkin' jubby. And blow up the whole goddamn place. Just get rid of that. Just get rid of that. You're in bubblebewerve I mean now. Like you try to chop off your hands. If I can hold me then I'll no longer gotta. And you're in bubblebewerve. You're in bubblebewerve. And you're nosehead no taller. You're all-be squirrels in the middle. Here's the Gaby's box, okay? Okay. Stop bombing back there. Who would ever die? I want to watch it on TV. I rack, I rack. We've not moved. It should take a day. We're just what our name is, to which I rack, I rack. I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist. Put them in an air and tell them that the autumn was seen. We're really pissed. You're on the ice again. That little piece of shit. Hey, get away. I'll get them up to make a hit. From all over the blue gauze, the top has not to go off that now. We all know each time to bump. I rack, I rack. I rack, I rack. I want to wake up and see their cities don't belong to fit. I want to be. All right. And say that we're number one. Top of the heat. We can't be beat. But can we have one? Spot, pomegranate, I rack. One that's not to save you. Let's make your phone heal on a miss. Oh, that old vampire. I'm a little bit scared. I'll do a show with that shit there and say goodbye. I rack, I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack. I rack.