2A help. Great way to be as a pair. You and me, AY and you, C-A-N. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is Lance. You're Dean Thomas. Friendly Bush is nominee for this Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people's identity. Thank you, Scott. I spoke to Little Mayor Wada when I say college. Yeah, they weren't as it went. He enjoyed. Yeah, maybe I'm singer, I'm singer, and all of them we are. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got a bunch of. Let's do this quick and get outta here. I won't sit down straight. When I'm top of you in the law, I don't just review the law. There we are. I mean, talking, and I talk it to the ease, and I talk it to the wear, and I don't get why not look up, send a deal, kind of, dress. I'll be talking. Oh my god, have we got something going? Okay, here he is. Here's the counselor, Norm Kett. One of the great pot smokers, and this is your man, Kine. But only when he's an answer, they're more of you there. I'll come back in here. Hello. Hello. There you is. I am here having finished a great discussion with Maddie Washem. He's an asshole. I have just said to him as advocated to position, which is assonined, archaic, and beyond comprehension. I'm not acceptable, you know? He said that he's not going to hear the show on Lami Channel 69, because the forever stone hat gives the impression that marijuana is illegal, and he doesn't want to advance that impression I suppose to arm-pressionable youth. He further said that the hat is taken out of context from your show, but that you could wear a swastika and maybe then he would harem it. And he's trying to explain this. So in other words, advocating hate crimes, that would be okay, but wearing something that's a joke that's a cartoon. Right. Unacceptable for this cutting edge tellers. No, from Channel 69. And in the show, you can't get the satire whatsoever. Yeah. I don't think he plays no concept of television. There's no concept of programming. There's no concepts of how to do anything creative, interesting, or exciting, and all this below-n-e-about cutting edge TV. I'll make care about his new show on this portray, which is hardly what I consider cutting edge. I think I told him that he's in clear breach of contract. He's incompetent. That if he's a jackass. That if we wanted to, we could have all those nice guys who are filming you, remove from the studio, and he said, well, don't you act, or anything will get aired on TV. I said, well, you haven't aired anything yet anyway since he's worn that hat. And it's show or stock broadcasts, and you with the hat on, because we're not taking the hat off, to accommodate his archaic belief that you're advocating something illegal. I think his message is moronic and ludicrous. Yeah. And how about when the UBS show is all those teaching tongue movies? Like, George, we're talking about Friday, is that the advocating something illegal? Of course, there's a man who's not being here. Here's the man who's most active humor who's been putting beliefs. We already bleep stuff for this program which is a radio show, which is on in broad daylight from 10 am to 2 pm. We have no disclaimer on this show talking about parental guidance, and set her in salon. The TV show, as you know, has got 80 million disclaimer on it. Every time they come back from other long pondress, PSA, the scav� children in Africa, one of those long breaks they come on now with more another disclaimer. And there are supposed to be little kids watching that, but even assuming that they were, it would be okay for me to be seeing they're wearing a swastika or some other hate symbol, but if I'm wearing a cartoon with a pair of looks would seven joints in it, saying stone forever, therefore I'm advocating something illegal, like maybe thinking. I'm time TV on regular. People having adultery on soap operas and have been for 30 and 40 years on television. I'm network television in the middle of the daytime, which last time I checked adultery was illegal, unless you're in a white house. And I don't see anybody having an interest breakdown about that. Well, he's having quite an interest, like I said, it's in transgender. Well, I had told you off the year before we started this circus this morning, every other television show, any television show, the expensive, the competitive in had all I have in audience, has a tremendous amount of work and effort and the thought that goes into it would be for us being put on the ear as opposed to just showing somebody, or chopping it up, sensory, and it bleeping it, cutting out anything that might be in the least, but satirical, interesting, humorous, et cetera. And I post it up here on a microphone. How about all this stuff with the Pope and the Opeach Show that we have behind me sitting up on the cabinet that have been take regulations they show us but on. How is it out of context? Well, I'm going to give you an explanation. If you give it what he meant was that the bulk of your broadcast does not relate to marijuana and it gives a false image to the listeners. If you were to go ahead and do four hours on and then when I pointed that out to him, he said, well, it's illegal. So in other words, if I went on the ear and I advocated that people should be smoking pot, which is illegal, then it would be okay. But if I'm sitting here wearing a satirical postcard on my head from Amsterdam, then it's not okay. I mean, we're talking about a man who is such a raving asshole who is so eminently unqualified to be even watching television much less than I was working in it that there are no words to describe it. My advice is a death wish. I invited you. This is a death wish that I have been sucked into by well-meaning but very naive people who really believe that creative people were going to put something revolutionary cutting edge on television, which is a source of tremendous personal embarrassment humiliation and absolutely nothing positive toward yours truly. You would think that when we endure. Then the only show on that television station, that I'm going to be talking about is the only show that has anybody in this town talking about it is Neil at night, even as poorly produced and as garbage as it is, what they're putting on here in his bleeped out and sense it up as it is, that's the only thing that they have anybody in this town talk about and believe me it's going to be off of their very soon. I'm inclined to believe that too if they don't change their intransigent position. I think it's utterly unacceptable that. I mean, what we're talking about something here that is so basic and so juvenile and so idiotic that we have to waste time with this. That is pathetic. I've invited him to call you directly on the air. He has never got caught. This guy was told on Friday before I got one out of town. I was told he was going to call me here this morning. I left the phone on block waiting for his phone call. It never came. Just like he was never returned. My phone calls last Tuesday. Last Thursday. Rob Kaplan comes in here dials up the office leaves a message and I sit here on my ass waiting doesn't return to phone call because this man doesn't have the call. Because he knows he's in an indefensible position and quite frankly, I don't think whammy wants to put the neurology show on here, which is fine with me. I'm here as you know since you're the one that made the deal. I'm hired here to do a radio show for WFQAM. That's if he made some kind of a jackass on television. I think I think where I'm he said here I have dual apps set for four hours every day and do a radio show. That's what they're going to wind up keeping and putting on the air, which may not be too appetizing, but that'll be what we're on here. Even the dogs agree there. Okay, absolutely the German Shepherd Lightning is a great and completely. So I'm going to see what calls come of this and make a couple of calls and I'll be back with you as the morning progress. Okay, go for your self- Accordingly. Go to the dog, get out of here. So we have another major thing going there you go. A big song to dance because we've gotten this really guy that comes in here has no concept of what's sat there. Humor. There's nothing like putting any a Roger show on television without any say but on the humor it there you go. Let's put a few more bleeds in here. So there he goes. So we can't hear any of the words that are being spoken. But we're going to put it on here. How come we can't get a numbers with this? How come nobody's watching it? How come nobody's watching that television station? Don't they want to see? All those rehashed watched out episodes of Manch over and over again? No, come on. Tell me the chapter to that. I don't know what it is because I don't know anybody less foodie than George Bris. Huh? I have a snaggle food. You don't sound foodie off here, but on the here you sound and there's a friday. Don't listen to why peopleracon really don't put in place. Let me come. Maybe next. Don't touch their head, ihren a bell about semicirburins, others have a snaggle chicken. Hell, things like that and there's a taste bite. They're longing to cook on. They're doin' something similar to a true flively goat sauce volumically. From the second boca t-shirt, I have a really nice outfit t-shirt. We like the hot buck ass, our міro hamburgers. They look gorgeous on that. Usually people come and get jelly black pepperavant. we're calling make-and-stop-up and exaggerating. About what? About the anti-neal thing. We are, as if you didn't expect anything else. I'm not saying I still understand. Okay, so dummy up, okay. It's not Friday and Tuesday. It takes a lot to impress me, because I've flown most of the major airlines, but the food, the food on American Airlines is great. Not just good, but it's great. Thank you, Belacca, a real meal. In fact, they gave us a chicken, Volcatiya saeros. I'm sorry for all your Guido's out there, Volcatiya saeros. Which, coming back yesterday, and with a big cup, not just like a little teaspoon dropper, but a big cup of piping hot, text mech soup. Pretty hot stuff, but it was delicious with corn in it, which would've become an odd day now. And then I don't want to say that I ate it, okay, but I did. They bring you a hot brownie with an OI-screen chocolate sauce on for dessert and first glass. Oh, American Airlines, how come these other bum fork airlines don't know how to feed people? I don't want to mention Delta and my good friends at Air Canada, how come they don't know how to feed people? I mean, their rates are no lower than American. They're no bargain on 80s, airlines. They've got you an arm and leg. They rape you to get on the goddamn plane. So at least they can do this video like an edible meal. Let's hear for American Airlines, and your food is great. And a plane's are pretty damn good too. They're config- big comfortable seats. God, almighty, I kind of like that to leave him Friday and noon kind of thing. You may see a lot of that next year. I'm serious. So anyway, A and E last night had this thing from 9 to 11. Anybody out there see it? No, us be the only one at Tadians in America. Which of course, I have a great interest in Italy and at Tadians in the all the other good stuff. And it was pretty interesting about how the Italians all came here to about how they were discriminated against. It said like every other, I think group heart today would be any different. And they grew up in there. ethnic geto is it said of it so on in a work fair way up taking jobs that nobody else would take. And then they went to New Orleans and they went out to San Francisco et cetera and so on. Very interesting stuff. But then we started getting into the mob stuff. Okay, we saw this ethnic paranoia creeping in. In fact, they were talking about Joe Velaccio, and his testimony in front of Congress. And Laqueza and Austria. And they were trying to make it appear that Joe Velaccio just made most of this happen. Other people put the words in his mouth and he was just a puppet like kind of like the puppet strings there at the beginning of the godfather. And then of course we did hear about the godfather in Francis Ford, Cofula and how there are bunch of actors who make a lot of money in these anti-attagian movies and these mafia movies they should help. But Cheetos posts and Robert De Nerova didn't mention in my name of course. And they made it seem like there is no such thing as the Sicilian mafia as though it wasn't imported. This isn't part of ethnic culture in Italy. But that was something because we had mobsters here. We had Irish mobsters and we had Jewish mobsters and gangs and every other ethnic group. Therefore it was natural that it just developed in the Italian community. Well, I hate to break the news to whoever the people were on A&A who usually do a great job of the documentaries. I love A&A. I hate to break the news to them, but the Sicilian mafia, the black hand, has been around for a very long, like hundreds of years. And maybe it's only my imagination, but every time I go to Italy and you read the Italian newspapers, Robert Poglicala, Stomple, whichever newspapers they are, Claudia de La Carta, even in my limited Italian, air of the paper there are stories about shootings usually in Sicilian Sicily, mafia shootings. Don't have to get worried about anybody else getting shot in Italy because nobody has any guns. It doesn't happen. So, evidently, somebody better tell these people involved in this A&A documentary. How could it be a documentary when you include all this ethnic perinoia? That's the one thing that bothered me. And of course, they had Rudy Giuliani on there, the mayor of Disney World North, New York. And he had some pretty interesting comments and then it's true, like maybe one part of one percent of the Italians are involved in the mafia. And then of course, they're a whole bunch of others who wish they could get in. What's the big deal? But to suggest that somehow, Joe Hohlachi made all this stuff up, and it was just a myth, just kind of myth-defying me. I'll tell you that right now. The black hand, baby, like Koso-Nostra, our thing. But Joe Hohlachi just made that. But it was pretty interesting. I thought nobody else after I'm sure saw it. How about those panties? Anybody see the panties games? That's what I got to get to the field. And because I wasn't here, of course, keep in mind, okay, to excited you as who they played. They played Tampa Bay in the Doparron fight. We need some spiry ports on that game on the ambiance on the, and what did I tell you about? Mark Parish. Two goals on opening night is going to be a star Victor Coslaw, two goals into a sister opening night. And then they shut out the, uh, predators up there in Nashville. I'm not thinking of whatever it was a coma, coma game on Saturday. And of course, the only goal of the game we know got that. Right when he has a pair. Everybody, Ray Wittie's going to only go over the game. So the pethers are two and a half. The least peat-theeded, turret red wings right up there in Toronto, eight, two to one on Saturday. Which were almost until the day, but nevertheless. So the hockey scenes underway, thank God. But this whammy thing, this is going to turn you to wait like major, contra times for another day or so until we get rid of this TV thing. I mean, when you consider the number of people are watching and also, the, you know, in the beginning, we had people calling in on a show with comments. Oh, he's got the blue shirt on today in the orange shirt. That was about the only thing they ever talked about. Was which shirt I had on that day and whether my eyebrows looked a good from the side or like, they were too bushy and as Andy really going to be doing the show with bigger eyebrows. And that's basically about it because it's a chopped up jumble of, uh, a mess. It's pretty much what it is. Yeah, I think that sums it up in one word. And, uh, you know, and it's turning out to be an impediment to my life and to this radio show and to the entire universe in general because it's being operated over there by a bunch of losers by people who have no idea what they're all are doing. First, we had the technical incompetence at the beginning, which made it the laughing stock. Not just my show, but the entire station. And now we've got the, oh, yeah, everything is too outrageous. It's too, yeah, for us. Because in spite of what very dillering as cool of lunatics said when I came in here, about cutting edge, there's really cutting edge to put on a new show. Isn't it? That's really cutting edge. Or it's really cutting edge to put on a sports show. That's cutting edge. But to put something on local it, and the reason I got these cards and am stood in the first place and brought them back was because I'm constantly trying to come up in my own way, even though it shouldn't be my responsibility to doing something visual in here. Even though this is a radio show, since they don't go out and make any effort to put any visuals in there, do anything like edit in something that might catch the eye because it's a TV show dummy. So I got these cards and brought them back to Pope for the peep show and all of these, a mirror one of the things that they're all cartoon postcards. They are satire, is what they are. And Maddie Lysherma is too stupid to understand that. That's what we're dealing with at Wami. That's why air-re single show that they put on the year over there is a big bomb, a gigantic bomb. That's why the station, if you took the cartoons away and the reruns of the old washed out prints of old TV shows from the past, if you took that away, would there be anybody watching that channel? No. So what are we involved with? A gigantic source of great conservation and aggravation, and enormous waste of time. Am I making any money that I could even talk about from that thing? So what's the benefit? Are we getting some tremendous increased response out of radio station because we got exposure on TV? No. Are the ratings going through the roof because we got a whole new audience out there from being on television? No. Of course not. Because there's nothing to watch. They put on these long pond-wrested terminal phone calls, and I keep trying to tell these people or putting the thing together. Nobody wants to hear, forget it, or for our radio show that might be one thing you're going to get some of those. But in a 20-minute show when you take out the spots of the PSA and the starving kids in Africa, when you take that out, you've got about 20 or 21 minutes left over. Who the hell wants there some boring, ponderous guy, damn phone calls? Or anybody wants to watch that? No. Of course not. I know very little. I mean, I've done some television over the years. I've been, you know, but not my own show of an awful thing on 51 year. And you know, something even that was better done than this. That's where you're clocking in the morning. With me just sitting in a chair with, you know, looking at a fixed camera. Got more discussion and more involvement than this thing is getting. Because they're uptight about pot over at Wemi. They're all smoking it, but they're uptight. Maybe that's why they're so uptight about it. Maybe we ought to have a raid over there. Maybe that's what's straight in there, I saw that. I can just see it right now. Big headlines, both those papers, pot-rated, Wemi. Is really going to jail? I can just see it now. There you go. I mean, that double talk that he gave him to him. Whatever the hell the norm said there, a little while ago. What does that mean? Does anybody understand what they all he said? What that was all about? If it was within the context of the show. Is there anything in this room? Is it wreaky, a glacier? Do I talk about it in wreaky here for four hours? No, but do we see his picture on the, whatever it is? Because it's part of the studio. It's part of the ambiance of this show in this studio. That's all. And I'm working for a guy who's too stupid. I understand that. Send Maddie over to Amsterdam. Maybe he can get laid over there all the way down. Maybe he might get laid. Maybe that might lighten them up a little bit. And just coincidentally, I happened to have received an email this morning. And I have no idea from home, but I think this, from somebody in Key West, I don't think, because it's out of the Key West newspaper, which you'd expect, I guess. Big article by G Spencer Myers-Gest columnist. And it doesn't say usually when it's a guest columnist, it says at the bottom who that, who that be? It doesn't say who that is. No, do I care? It says that Dutch example shows how it can work the economics of legalized marijuana. Big, big article here today. Which I think I'm going to read the whole guy dancing on the air today. What I'm going to do? Because it makes too much sense. Do I smoke marijuana? No. No, I did. Then somebody could accuse me of being here using their show, the radio show, the TV show. That's a part of trying to promote marijuana. I don't give a crap of the idea. You don't say it? Of course. That's the point. Stop with this Stone Age kind of mentality. I hate to break the news, the boys and girls, but prohibition doesn't work. Oh my God, what a shock. What a concept. What a revolutionary, unacceptable thing for you to say. You expect them to put that on TV? No. You say in that, you bet they won't. Because they're cutting edge, baby, they're cutting it. You smell it all the way over here. The wind's blowing in a right direction, right from South Beach. You can smell it all the Amy cut that one? Amy, I can just cut one. Oh, she must have had out the banks are closed today. 1027 is five. You a.L. You call this big market radio? No. On video. And selling out all over the country. Mr. Kimball, we tend to this sound that you want. Well, I'm in the mood for some oral satisfaction. I'm afraid. Yeah. Maybe just a hand job. It's the point of just for redness. Mr. Hayney, Mr. Douglas, glad you could show off. Save your spot right here. It's steaming. It's hard. It's in the back of my pickup truck. God, wait, Mr. Hayney. We should have a cab and get over here and hold Arnold's steel. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. He was beaming. He's hardy. 3 to 6, no, I'm pretty old. Okay. 1032 and 560WQA. So we've all taken about Maddy Lysham's an asshole. I know what the side of that. One of them just put the home shopping back on there. Wouldn't that be a tremendous service? Oh, let's take a vote. Everybody, my home shopping back here on Wami. Okay. Get that crap off of there. Here's a mobile and portloader, Delho. I know. Yes, sir. I do. Okay. I wanted to tell you about Friday night's debacle at the arena. The buckle? Oh, I was hot broken. I've been a piece and kick it all up. Well, blah, blah, blah. I love the panties. I'm a home town guy. I left at a quarter to seven from Oakland and university. Yeah. I did not get into the parking lot because the more on that were running it. So seven, 35 and I passed as far away as possible that you could still consider being in the arena. After hiking all the way in there, sitting down, all right. And I sit at the top and front of the way. Well, you are a night. Where do you want? How come it took you so long to get in there? It was bump, but a bumper traffic. It was ridiculous. It was ridiculous. Which way did you go? I came to Oakland Park right down straight from university in Oakland. I left it a quarter to seven. That's Benagin. And I drove straight to the arena. The open. It's landing at a good time. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. And you think we're having a good time on? Oh, so there's a happy camper. Now, we'll get some of this fire reports. People had a great time there at the Macarena Friday. Well, wait, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|> 5, 60, on the mobile one line. And I noticed the Beezer off to a pretty good start up there. Philopiano people are going to say, Well, Z Sean Burke, and Kurt McLean got his shot out. Yeah, but look who we played. Don't get too carried away about that gold handing it. Okay, we played the worst two teams in league so far. Which I'm delighted we won the games, but don't get too excited quite yet. Beezer shots out to Rangers. The first game then gives a bully. One goal. Go against them. Fire is when four one last night. Wouldn't that be something if Beezer had a big year up there? Oh, boy. What are some of these people going to be saying? There's the trackers of which there are many by the way. For reasons I still haven't figured out. Here's Miami. Hello. And Neo. How you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I was like, you guys are tickets to one Friday. Right. Talked about Paris. I had a great time. I left you in downtown at 5.30. Got over to no problem. Right ahead of good time. All right. Okay, there's a guy who might take it. Still when he had a good time. No complaints. Got in a seat. You already know problems. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|> 5, 60 on the mobile one line. We have an open line. No. No. Oh, they were all watching. Miami. I'm sorry. They're all waiting for us. You're not on Sunday any more. Guess what? Monday, Tuesday. I think it's going to be pretty much the same. Very soon. Maybe tonight tomorrow. Whatever. Open line and proud all of day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and<|th|> 5, 60 on the mobile one line. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. All right. I have a question for you on Godfather Part Two. I've seen that movie several times. And if you think towards the end of it, after the government stopped the investigation of Michael and Michael is in the hotel room. And he's alone. K comes in and she announces that she's leaving. Right. He's taking the kids. I don't know if she was going to tell him. But anyway, that's another story. She starts to tell him something about look what you have done to our son. And he's Michael Blurzot. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear it. They never really mention anything about that. You can't hear the idea to do what, if anything, emotionally withdrawing with the son. Now, which one was the son? Was the son of a big end of the opera singer? I think he only had one son. And he had, I think, a son in a little girl. Right. Part Two. Right. But in the whole horror, but the son was the one of a big end of the opera singer. Don't you remember in Godfather 3, they went and saw him sing in Italy? Well, but what would he do with that? Well, what would be wrong with that? Nothing. Okay. But in other words, he wanted him to be, I don't know what the hell he wanted him to be. Don't you remember there was the conflict he wanted to be a singer? Well, but that was in the against or something. I shouldn't have said that. We'll get some Italians upset. That was in part 3. Yeah. It just seemed to me that there was some type of emotional poem. And Kate was trying to explain it and he just couldn't. I didn't. That was really never said. No. It was never spoken. Okay. Great. And don't forget, there's no such thing as La Cosa, no stira. There's no such thing as La Mafio. Okay. It's just another comic thing. Go plan. Just another one of those things that the people out there, Francis Ford, Covali, needed the money. He had a lot of bombs. A lot of big ones dropped and he needed the money badly. And so he just exploited for fun and profit. Another ethnic group. There's no such thing as the mafia. There's no such thing as the black hand. There's no such thing as the mafia and Sicily. We know that. 22 before 11 at 5. You eight. How? Eight. Oh God, Friday's is so far away. Here I'm trapped in this old fist to stay. I feel like crap because it's Monday. Who could go? Who could go? First, Marlon Brando was the godfather. The now but you know what's godfather 2 and 3. Now, get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather 4. Oh yeah, Godfather, you must have for me. Leave the goods of a community in the bunda house at home. And then you have to must have. Maybe you could order a hippo something. Hey, Java here. I'm here by here. Ha ha ha ha ha. Come and shoot a band. Make it be a good. You get it like a set machine. Get him gotta give it up. Get on the gun, son. Ha ha. Make it a good. Get it. Come and shoot a TV. Ha ha. He's done for the body. But you just don't look like any of the other collionists. Put the other rabbit on a macaroni. He's gonna be murdered. Don't have no soul foods. Put my chili. He's done. Better make it. Break out the cows. Go for it. Wow. The godfather 4. Steering James Brown. The godfather soul. He'll make you know for you. Can't understand. 10. 4. 4. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 5. 5. 6. 6. 9. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 7. 7. But he we don't want to go into that. Hey, that parking the guy was talking about though of the arena. Yeah. The absolute worst. Huh. The kids that are running it don't have a clue. We got in there at about seven or so, maybe a little bit early up. Taking your stuff, driving you in and then driving you back out of the arena, heck out on to sunrise and then down or wherever like by the front of sawgrass, mall there, back to the other parking, which they didn't have any parking work. Then they had to say that they don't have enough parking that they had all the well as time to plan this thing out and lay it out perfectly, etc. And so on, and they're 19,000 to 100 people they squeezed in there, they don't have enough parking. How did they park all of people when they had to saline the unaligned John concerts? And they had like, we were the same problem and they said that they have 7,500 parking spots. Yeah. How did you have 7,500 parking spots and you have 19,000 that are in the arena? Well you're figuring out everybody comes in one car. They're figuring out like two right. But if you want to be a couple, let night and people are going to get all man's. You know, I'm not talking about carpooling, but most people I mean did you come along? No, but one person with me, so that's two. So there's two people. So 7500 times two is 15,000 and you got to figure their plenty of people coming in groups three, four, five people on a car. How many people are in their neat underground parking? Underground? Where are you? No, where are you? You're in a cost 25,500 bucks a year for that underneath parking. Oh my God. Yeah. No, I'm not going to get you. I park in the the preferred parking, which I have no idea how many that holds, but it's got to be a couple of thousand anyway. Well, if there's no spots and then what they did is they started parking people like where the bus parks, you know, like we have bus parking, but they weren't putting them close enough together. They were just parking wherever they wanted. And then people just parked at the end of the road so that they couldn't get any of them. And what about that? They have 136,000,000 like most of the lanes blocked off like this. Oh yeah. They don't know barely any signs. Oh, we got on the sawgrass and we got on the seven, five and past year out, and we live in Boca. Yeah. So I waited to get you on that drive, but I knew you weren't there. Unbelievable. So we had to be took sunrise all the way back out because you couldn't get back on because you don't, there's no north for the sawgrass. Right. But the arena's real nice. You know what I mean? You're waiting for them. Why would you have to say it? It's there. Right. Why do you know, state you are in your seat of drinking when he bears because if you're in the upper section, there's about six inches between you and the next student front of the boat. Yeah. Okay, your phone died. It's got a great thing. Okay, Scott's phone just grabbed out. I think maybe it was an active, uh, bail God. We have no, and by the way, do something with the front of my house. There's got put in some more of those pans. He's just something. Well, you're let's get going. He's a good guy, but you're impossible to get on. I hold it. Like once every six months, you get a hold of this guy. We have an open line of brown. So the people do they have a good time there on. Oh. I'm reading about this. I'm seeing, hey, they won four to one and they kicked some ass. They had 19,000 to 100. They packed the joy. And, uh, oh, yeah. Got some good press around the rest of the country. I'll tell you that on the TV. Made it look like we had a gigantic spectacitor thing happened on Friday. And like I said, all 82 games are beyond TV this year. So that's what you might want to think about. And I have to go through that hassle. I may have to start walking over there. No, I got the print and just like for the exhibition gave a must of the same thing. They show you park in, uh, going gate five or seven or whatever. The only problem is none of the, and twitches are marked with a number. So you're just driving around one, Ray Mike, and we're figuring, well, that's only for the exhibition season. What's they start to regular season? They can't possibly be going to do that, are they? Oh, they are. So nice going, Wayne, as usual, getting people pissed off. And spread of the fact that the tax per money built you, that you're again, Thanksgiving is a very, very beautiful facility over there. Just pissed off all the neighbors. Here's a mobile and steward, hello. Not if I had a great time and it is absolutely, uh, three in his beautiful. Yeah. But, uh, but the end of the night only one of the shot clocks were working. They were really on a part here. You know, I think I've got the four on the sides, you know. Oh, they're waiting there. And rather, there, there, there, there should be on the scoreboard there. No, that's not what I'm saying. I don't know. Wait a hell up there in the ends. I thought they might have done something to change that, but obviously not. No, that's the one thing I was just, uh, I mean, I went to the first pre-heating game two and it's the one thing I didn't like with the shot clock, but I'm on the, on the, in the middle there. And they still have the same little dinky red lights, sir, for goal lights? Yeah, that's right. Oh. And I think you spent millions of dollars like the enormous amounting, enormous amount of money to build a city of the earth facility. And then when it comes to stuff like this is what I said after I went to that exhibition game, the stuff that's related to the game itself is kind of like, uh, oh, well, we didn't really think about that. So we'll just put in whatever chin-sea crap we can. Right. But, um, Friday night the game was totally exciting, but I tell you, I said it in my game, I hope you'd play more like Friday that said it in my game was cold. Oh my, yeah. I couldn't even step the watch it. I don't know. And what does this thing that the Nashville fans are yelling get bit? Get bit, that's the, of course you got to understand. It's a Nashville. They're all like in bread. But what does that mean get bit? What kind of a hockey chair is that? Get bit, y'all. Perfect for Nashville. Yeah, you're right. And, uh, like you said, don't take too much state in the two teams we beat, but, but be the shutting out the range, and I wouldn't take too much state in the range. No, the range is a terrible thing. I don't like that game against Montreal. 7-1, nice going. I know, I know, here's the suck. I watched that game. I mean, I hate the range of like, poisons, and that was having more, I was having a great time. So far I've been right on target. I told you the range is going to be bedding. I had a lot of old hacks. They got a terrible team and Richter's going to be shell shot by, uh, New Year's. They, he, he, they, it was just, it was hilarious game to watch that. Well, he, Richter didn't know what to do. Yeah, I saw an island. But, um, anyway, you have a good day. And, uh, the arena is beautiful, and hopefully we would kick some acid. Okay, see ya. So there you go. We like, they like the way the team looked. They just didn't like, uh, the ambiance of driving in there. Find a no parking space, sustaining in long lines, and then not being able to get out. Other than that, it was a great time was head by all. We have an open line in day five, six, seven. Now is that norm? Can't again, I know who's that on the bat line that you're talking to? Is that norma? Anybody? Chital six. Oh, channel six. Yeah, we've got a major story here. You know, something, the only reason that this will become a source of embarrassment, grief, and the major story for the people at whammy is because Maddie Lescher is a heart-ass and an asshole. See, this is the Neo Rodger show, whether it was wearing the yarmicas, whether it's wearing a goddamn, uh, cap of the, uh, the cartoon with the joints on it, whatever it is, that's me. That's this show. And that's what you people agree to is to come in here and take this show every day. Do your best effort to put the edited out, put together an entertaining 20 or 21 minutes, or whatever it's going to be. Once a night twice tonight, whatever it'll feel like it, because that changes every time you, every time you're taking it out. Yeah, all you guess what? It's not on twice. And they keep jerking around and moving around. Okay? And I haven't said very much about that. We just sat back while I continued dillin' around with this thing, waiting for them to figure out what they want to do with life. But now, I draw the line in the sand because when they start screwing around with your goddamn editorial content, and the fact that you want to make a goddamn statement, even if it's just satire, which they'd too stupid to understand, they can blow it out their ass. But there's anybody over the age of three that can tell me, and I wish that everybody who is listening right now could see this card. Then I'm worried on this cap on my head, this cartoon picture card, from Amsterdam. Anybody over the age of three could tell me there's anything highly controversial about this, or unacceptable beyond TV or any other God damn place, that we'll have you immediately put into a goddamn rubber room. In the West Great Jagot, into a rubber room. How could anybody possibly believe there's something, look at that, just for all of you. We're not having it. Yeah, just throw off, but it's going right back on. What a app. So how did I get sucked into that? As if we don't have enough trouble here, working for a bunch of bush-leures who put absolutely no effort whatsoever to anything, except for a bunch of old crap in here. And okay, make magic there you go, go to town. I'm in my hotel room on Saturday, and I'm flipping around the channels in between periods at late hockey game, and I come across the Howard Stern CVS show, okay? And people are, oh, how come you rip off Howard? I've got news for you, okay, for all you Howard fans, and Howard's doing very well, thank you, and he's got eight million TV shows, the radio show he's out in every market, he's on all over the goddamn world. He's got a staff of about 20 or 30 people that put that show together, the television people, they were in their puttiness guy with Lupus in a coffin. I said there for 10 minutes and watched us fascinated, not by the content of the show, because it was the same usual tasteless stuff, whatever Howard does that people like. And then he hit something hooker on there, who is as close to start naked as you possibly could be, and keep in mind, this is an cable show, this isn't the show on E, this is the show that heirs on over the year channels on CBS, and this was a fox affiliate they were shown on. I'm Saturday night. She was as close to naked as possible on all fours and has got with a loop as his eating marshmallows and the M&M is whatever off her bare ass. And I'm thinking to myself, and we got no staff, no involvement, no effort whatsoever. And we're going to win it. We're going to attract the TV audience with my sitting there being chopped up and the edited out anything I might say. And I got a cartoon postcard on my camp here and that's too controversial for Miami television. Who are the idiots Marvin Rawman and others, which I don't want to mention, George, who suck me to get an involvedness in the first place? Book a Brian and Tom show van were right. Oh, if I'd had any idea. Yeah, they came in with a big one. They're doing very doer. These are. They're from LA. They're really no TV. They don't know. Or about this market or about the show or about what they do know I haven't taken out yet. They could screw up a guy damn orgasm. I'll tell you that. They can screw up a web dream. Those people over there are whammy. This is going to be a big new thing. Yeah, local hunting edge controversial. Right. Man, I'll manned wild, apologize to myself for getting sucked into it. Just absolute, not unmitigated. A mitigated goddamn disaster because that's what it is. And the amazing part of it is even with as little that's gone into putting that thing together. Well, he'll like, you know, one in two shares most nights, which is as much as just about it certainly is much or more than any of the local originated shows, most of which have squiggly lines all the time. And some of which are already gone. Man, all manish habits. We have an open line in Broward 2 and 8, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50, 10, 50, 10, 50, 100, 80, but Neil Rogers should have. Our belly six would say, pick it up your ass. He's the biggest, better party. It's rocker ball time that he's not taking any risks. He's a Maxwell's sportsman. There comes the Chanda. He got one in can. He got the every single boss. He blew your own hell. He's a Maxwell's sportsman. He's all pumped up and ready to rotate. He's taking it down for paradise. It was a grass screen and the curls are printed. What I was thinking of the native answer, but the sun brought it down. There's no other end of those frets rocker. Well, the way always catch a snort on egg or can challenge. The earth of ugly, the John Claude of Andal. There's up to these Steven's to go. There's a get with the pony tail. The only reason I did a film with David O'er's because he put my suit on. He's a baseball player. He's an actual sportsman. He's exclusively an entrepreneur. Steve is better than the staff. If you don't apply this album, I'll be exact. Oh, he said they need to be doing this. Oh, that's why I thought he said. It's 11.05. 60 WQAM. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I'm warning you. Yes, sir. You know, people in this tower really crack me up. They're not happy unless they're bitching about something. I live in sunrise. I went to the game Friday night. I left the house at 6.30. Yeah. Okay. They wanted to go in their seats by 7. For the pre-game. Right. I was there a 10 minutes to 7. I got into the park a lot. No problem. And when I rounded a back of your reenate, there's a two different areas where you can park with a parking pass. And I had no trouble getting in there. So I don't know what these people are talking about. And when I left, the game was over 10.40. I was back home at 11 o'clock. Right. I had no problem. The only problem there is. All of these people, if they just lived, you know, five or ten minutes away like you and I do, they wouldn't have any problem. The problem is that there's still under construction at Oakland Park in the up to the Mingo. Yeah. So there's like a bottle in there when you're coming west on Oakland Park. But once it's finished, I mean, it's not going to be any problem. There's a course. You're going to have a little bit of a delay. You're trying to get 20,000 people under the arena. Oh, man. So this guy opened. I see. I don't know where that guy was. The first one I called. Now how come he didn't come down a sawgrass? When that makes sense, because then he drive right in on the. Yeah, it would seem to me, but with a problem is there at Oakland for me or you got, you've got people coming off the sawgrass. Then you got people come out for Oakland Park. And with a construction there, there is like a little bottle in there. So I tell you when it was worse, they went ahead to cops directed the truck. Even worse. Now they've built the lights running, you know, just during their cycles. And who's the lot quicker that the cops are screwing it up worse than the lights we're doing. Yeah. I don't know what the, you know, other than the, you know, just. Oh, I suggested is don't come down for me. Go come down. I wouldn't suggest university because that's a worst road in the history man kind of. Right. Come down. And would be good. Yeah, that's a sunrise and then go west and sunrise. Which is now a nice, big, beautiful eight out of six lane highway. Exactly. But once the construction is just about 90% diving, once it does, not going in. Problem is you're going to have like four lanes are going. Was it South, the around for the mango. So it's not going to be a problem. But we're going to have to have the lots marked because I'll tell you one thing the Establishing game we went to we just utter chaos and then to good thing we got there early because Nobody had any idea where they were going and we had a white up making a e-turn and go to Ronnie Island and come and back. And a bunch of kids there like, oh well, we don't know. Everything was blocked off like every entrance was basically blocked off. No, and I got in there like when the first when you're coming off one, three, six there. I think it's called Pat's or no drive at the street that goes around the back of the arena. The first the first entrance there. It goes if you live right in the neighborhood you have to where you can bicycle on over there walk. Parking there. I was going to say park in the saw grass. Love that you can't do that either. Why can't they do it so it's easy. Okay, that's the bottom line. Make it easy. Take it simple. You know what I'm saying? Wait, does he want to make it fan friendly? No, and easy. No. We have an open line a day five six seven that thing on a US. Ha ha ha ha ha. There's no mafia, baby. There's no cousin. This isn't just a there's no such thing as a Sicilian mafia. I mean, it's a Sicilian pizza of course, which most people don't understand what the real thing really is. We know about that. Sicilia. We know what that. And then it's forgetting Sicilian, which is Sicilian when they say they forget it. They don't know what we're talking about. Two open lines a day five six seven five sixty pump five sixty. How do you 18 T wireless line? So we've had very little conversation about the game itself and about how the team looked in the ambiance of the Renee the else it's the people are pissed off about the parking their pissed off and fired up and they're not going to take it anymore to less game. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Okay, sir. Hey, two things. Has you ever been to the coral sky up the theater on the chair room? Yes, one. So I will never go back. It's a good question. If anybody that's done there and had to get it out of the parking lot, the arena can't be any problem. Yeah, but the thought is to have a county fair. I mean, it's just a cow past you out there. You have to be a car car. There's this fork for it to each direction where you could come and go from except they've got it all humble. You know what it's where you've got one line. You call people on like if going to the hive. Yeah, I don't have to. But that like I said, it's a county third. It's a cow package. This is a big multi-million dollar facility that they had lots of time and spending enormous amount of money and and supposedly brain powered designings for the ease of people getting in and out and have an early afternoon work out. So great. Oh, it's a week and where to go. Great. I went to Toronto, sir. A real living and breathing city. I bought the whole week. Nice weather too. Yep, beautiful. 70 degrees. 65, whatever it was, it was great. I just want to check and I had sent something to my brother a lot about two weeks ago about the dolphins in the bill. The way it in the bill, the beer, the beer, the last of Miami. And he said, what a long season you're going to have. You know, you guys always have a great September, but wait till the eight week marks and let's see you as a better record. Right now I'm looking at the bills of being probably five and three in the dolphins. Three and five. How do you think? I think that the league sucks. I think I watched some of the games yesterday and to see them. And I looked at like Philadelphia and Washington and the toilet bowl 70 to 12. Are they Oakland games seven to six? I mean, we're talking such rampant mediocrity here that it's embarrassing. That's what I've question. They all got a little bit of a lot of they wanted parody and that's what they got. They got 28 or 30. How about a little crappy teens? I don't know when we thought of course if we could get in what Tom Beach would watch it. But that week and we loved it and what Tom. Okay, everything. Okay, deadlines are what open they don't love me in day. They do love me in West Palm Beach and in my public spot. They love me like crazy. But in the date counting not too big five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. I'm a civilian from Rochester, New York. All that program. Not the same night you did another night. It's a dead end. I miss it. My heart wanders. I think the program were called it just the way it was. Yeah. I'm sure like I had to depart about the mafia. They got very defensive about it. No, there's nothing there's no such thing as mafia. Yeah. I was interesting to me that thing about day go day go was a day worker. That's where it came back. Exactly. I was going to go by the day and the work in the day. And that's where the off day go came from. They used to put that in the newspapers in the York 2. And they go off the means black hands or something. Right. The black hands. Correct. But the program was heartfelt. Called my wife and called my kids in service and look at some of this. This is your heritage. Yeah. It was really interesting about the immigrants that came over here. And then they made enough money so they could go back to Italy. And they tried to build businesses and get back with their families. And they couldn't make it over there. And they would make that trip. And of course think about coming on our ship. We're not talking about hopping on a plane and being there in 9 or 10 hours. We're talking coming by ship back in 4, 2, 3 and 4 times. And one other moment, my wife and I hit the opportunity to go two years ago to Italy and you're right. It is utterly incredible. Oh, it's fantastic. It's another world. Gotta go again. Okay, pal. One of the last thing. Yes sir. The infarrage through Toronto is a great town. You can say that again. Yep. I'll read the air. Okay. It's 11.5. We have an open day to come. It's here. Easy. And I'll pull a guy damn swing. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. First time. Cool. All right. A couple of complaints I got. Right. We can play Monday. People are with. They're unhappy. First of all, I said the lower ball. Gabriel is off the FBI. But it looks like a movie if you're at, you know, on top of you. You can't see the goal. Like you wrote 16. We don't have it in the tempered. I guess I don't know what is the first 10 or 11 rows. Oh, you're going to see crappy temperacy. Oh, my god. Part and falling down. Yeah. They walk. This kid was sitting next to me. He kept walking back. But that's the less for the lock-ons. No. No. He's not. You know. Why are the arena rocks, baby. No. Believe me. I got to comment. I'm a bit of a lot of cool about that. Yes. Half hour just to leave you. I wasn't. One genius in the middle of all. Yeah. One man's in. He's got his finger in your echo. One egg wall of the other somewhere. One last thing if you look at the scoreboard. Also. Right. It's kind of confusing. They have a good time or what? No. I'm Friday. Are they coming back? No. Well, maybe they will. But they're going to like get, I don't want to say it. I don't want to say they're going to get stone before they come their next time. There he goes again. He's promoting something. Yeah. Right. Promote like a brain would be good. Promote some education for some of those assholes in this town. Run and radio and television stations that have an IQ smaller than my penis. And believe me, when you talk about small. We have an open line in date five six seven. And that's another thing I'm not too crazy about by the way the urinals in the urina and the other urina. They have like the walk in urinals that you like step up to like a real man. You know, even if you're not. And you like a p into the, you're, you're can stand inside there. Kind of hide whatever you've got to, you know, depending on how small of it. Which in my case. But these are the ones that kind of like our shape like like what? Huh? What do you, like a bull? Like a helping him. No, no, like a helping hand. They're shaped like a guy named Uveal or something. I don't know what the, a helping hand. But not in the guy named Mr. Mathierina. I don't think go back to Westland. Well, that's where you'll find your helping hand. And so you've got to like stand a little bit of a distance. You can't like walk right up into it. So you've got to have like a little hang over there. And like people are looking around all and they're just, like laughing up a storm. Hey, hey, hey. Get some, you fired up when I hear someone say that. After a few weeks got to hiccups, is that what is? Or did you mong on it on the Friday? Go anywhere near the city. Yeah, you monged on it. It's 1131 at five, it must have been some of that extra grease. At five, 60 W to Q. And by the way, speaking of that, Viagra could save the tiger from extinction. This fits right in with that bit. We do this to little clips and bits of the amazing new impotence Bill Viagra may wind up saving the endangered tiger from extinction. By reducing the demand for their sex organs as average ex. The big cats, penis and testicles are prized as a variety booster throughout Asia where they're dried and grounded to powder or cooked as food and consumed by wealthy men. Experts hope that many Asians will turn to Viagra and leave the tigers alone in China, Viagra sells for $300 a pill on the black market. While tiger penis soup goes for $835 a bowl. I was talking about that. I got to do those crazy Chinese kill in the tigers. I suggested that we ship them Viagra to save the tiger. Well, how do you like that? Georgia's in the world of weekly news. Of course, I'd be a teller for China and it's got an erection. Here's a, no, seriously, something to think about. You know, I'm saying like, oh, I think it's, yeah. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is Miami. Hi, Miami. Yes. I listen to you, shall we morning? Uh-huh. Okay. I'm going to talk about that parking lot at the Nulari. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. It's all complete Monday. We want to let all of your system go out. Okay. Yeah. I went to the Celine Dion concert with my husband and my kids. Right. We had to walk so far. My husband even told me, get off the car. Right. You know, this place is brand new. He's sent millions of dollars in it. And it's ridiculous how much you have to walk. And then to get out. It's two of people say it's about an hour to get out. Okay. He said, even though I had nothing to do with it. We have two open lines of data. It's natural way to come play. Stay. A little bit of aspects of come back to town in here. This. After the Panthers started out with a two and. Oh. Rector in their first two games. They don't care about the hockey stuff. They just want to. Easy. Easy. And now that's what they want. The ease of it and out. That's what this audience wants. Nice going. Wayne. Once again. You managed to piss off the public. I saw that. I thought to myself, how could anybody? Not be ecstatic with us. And of course, I do have very good seats. Thank you. And they do happen to be permanent seats. And they don't rock and roll and like fall off the whatever. And they actually do have those cup holders in front. Which is quite frankly, we could live with it. Because those make your knee room a lot less. I mean, it was a good idea, but not that good. And evidently, I must be a lot of the very few of satisfied customers in here. Because the rest of these people almost down to the very last one are pissed off. They've had it. They're disgusted. They're nauseated and repoled. They want to go back to the old Miami Arena. And that's saying to hell a lot. Oh, God. Leave it to this time. Man, they could screw up anything. Here's Papa. Hello. Good morning. I'm going to go. Yes, sir. Okay. Here's my comment. Okay. Here we go. All right. Other than heavy traffic on 5.95, we came from Hollywood. It's going to 56. I think your mother knows. Right. No problem whatsoever. We're done right in the parking lot. Found a spot. Yeah. Right in the building. Yeah. And the game was over with God right out. God right on the far left. Okay. Not a problem whatsoever. I think the people that are complaining. The typical later riding self-portive cam. You unbelievable. No. How many seats were empty at game time? Really? Yeah. And they show up right. And man. I moved down. So you know who just says I'm a Toronto fan. Right. I moved down here. This year. I'm in the Panther shoot twice. And in 129. Five. Great view of the goal. Great view of the squad board. Got the fan. Up and down. Up and down. Up and down. Up and down. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up and down. And we said I know we territory is not left a couple years. And they show in their seats. I only complain that you could do things. Victor Cajua, the Marta, the God. I said. I only complain that the same one you have. You can't see the goal right. And no other town forward. That's not. Yeah. It's not pathetic. I mean, wouldn't you think they spent hundreds of millions of dollars to build this facility. And supposedly, they went to Vancouver. They went to Montreal. They saw all the newest arenas. And they were going to put together. You know, all the best ideas. How could you not have the out of town scores up there around the, I mean, Christ Maple Leaf Gardens, which is older 68 years old this year. They've had that up there for a before. The Queen was a baby for Christ's sake. Right. And another thing that was great to get on Saturday night. Put channel 360 six on. See a real hockey rank in a real city, but the real amount. And you were there and I was in a nice job. How do you like that, sir? Are they? What's pretty damn good? I'll tell you. I want to read it. It wasn't built the day, but the town's pretty pumped up about it. I'm sure. And they have unbelievable for maple leaves gardens. I'm sad to deny that. They really had an noisy cloud. You know, I mean, by the way, I want to tell you this. To give you an example, the difference between the two markets. Just one difference. The Toronto sun and the Toronto star yesterday kept me busy on a plane coming back. The plane had so many pages both papers about hockey. Not just the leaves, but about hockey about every other game and about all stuff going on. I come back here. My mother is left me the local papers. The amount of coverage in there, especially about anything other than the Panthers. And even about the Panthers, we're still minimal. You can fit in the symbol. I mean, just just prophetic. What a difference. Yeah, a real newspaper. There you go. Yeah, but you know, I'm getting to my message to the hockey fans. Get there early. Okay. Stop. Stop the driving way. Okay. On their ass. They can't get the hell out. People are parked in the middle of nowhere because it's a little bit disorganized. Okay. That's what I think the deal is. Sounds a little bit disorganized to me. Which is so unusual here. Twenty-two. Two. Two. Two. Stop the drive. Two. Two. If you know, we need to try to force all the jails to the police. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need a lot of our burgers. We need that. Yeah. Much of a little crap. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the and Pong, 5, 6, the. I mean it was such a good documentary last night and they showed some scenes from Italy and it made me feel very emotional and all these grease bombings. And you know that when the attendance first came here, the enormous waves of them back in the, after the turn of the century. And the teens in the early 20s. They were considered, which maybe some of our Julios can relate to this. They were considered by the government not to be right because they were somewhat, you know, olive skin. So they weren't considered to be like the real honest to God white coverage. I'm sure Hitler would have probably those attitudes. And of course, which made it that much harder for them to get jobs and stuff like that. Because they were considered to be like, uh, some of the category. They're laughing. I'm just going to ignore anything you say at this point about anything racial ethnic. I'm just going to ignore it because I had some bad experiences at Miami International Airport yesterday on a way back with some people. I want to say where they were from. I don't want to say what their attitudes were that they were arrogant. I'm not just, and I wish they were like they weren't here. I don't want to say that because I don't create these stereotypes. You know that. But God, get off the roads, get out of my way, get a life. This is America. We don't do things here like that. You can't go to Vegas and talk to a man like Mold Green like that. Oh God. Get with a program. Okay. Let's just see people like coming here with a banana boat mentality. They live like banana boat people. They drive like banana boat people. They walk around like banana boat people. They're rude like banana boat because they don't understand American culture. Whatever the hell it is. You don't want to say it. So how about how I get started? You did it. Again, there's a mobile and cross-praying. So, uh, Leo. Yes, sir. The windy on one hour and 15 minutes from the sunrise exit off the dog raft to the arena. Correct. You hear who walked from there in 30 seconds? I'm not sure. And when we got into the parking lot, there was no place to park in the 80 and a tenet. We just changed it to leave your car. Just park it wherever you want. And people were in the right middle. Yeah, like in the middle of the street. I'd run out in the middle sunrise Boulevard would be good. Just pull it up on the sidewalk. So, well anyway, last Friday I'm down there. Pick it up. Pick it up. For another event. And there's a bunch of people looking for campus tickets. And the only tickets they have were single seats in the row of all, for 65 bucks. Yeah. And the seat. There were no two seats. Now, those are the regular seats or the rocker seats. That I don't know. They were all. They were like 1.1. One hundred ball off the morons. But so, this is a bunch of pissed off people down there. They can't get two seats together. Well, fat man comes on. And he's down at your reener broadcasting. And the first thing he says is, and don't worry, there's plenty of seats available for tonight's game. And he's stupid. Yeah. So, I call him and I spoke to his producer, let alone noise, and hey, look. Now, I would just sound, there's not plenty of seats. And this guy's arguing with me. So, oh no, we're getting this information from the Panther's management. And we're here to find people across. There's plenty of seats available. So, how are you on down? I'm like, what? You know, some are going to trust us someone. Yeah, I'm sorry. You know, one of the 75 hundred general parking spots down there. That's what we're told, yeah. Why don't they have a lot where if you have four more people in the car, okay, you get special parking, you can park a little bit closer and encourage car fully. Hey, I got a great idea. I know this is revolutionary, but why don't they like make some kind of a deal or at least about what do they make a deal with the software? Or they can have like, not buses, but those crams, you know, all of that. You know, it just makes too much sense where they can take people like they used to do with the race track and park our mile away or a half mile away. And they tram you right to the arena and then they take people back. Right, I mean, the $10 you save on parking, you can go in the $10 on a bag of pretty trucks and they're stopping. They're getting their money one way or not. Right. So, all right. Well, I think inside the arena is very nice, but outside me and they have to head up there. Okay. Maybe at a good time. Okay, so far it's virtual unanimous. They said the price sucks. God. We struck a wrong nerve today. A little bit I realize, huh? Sure hope for the benefit of you Torontoans up there where they open the air Canada Center in February. They don't have the same problems out there. Because one thing about Maple Leaf Gardens, you get, you know, right downtown right in middle of a young and Carlton there, or you just hop off to somebody right there on the street court and you walk about a block, uh, three quarters of a block and you're right there. So I can immediately locate it and you don't have to worry about a guy damn thing. But like I said, this one's convenient for me. But anyway, let's go to a call Springs. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, don't. Great. Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay. I'm taking notes. The two good things. They put shots on goals at each corner. So you can see that now. What do you mean each corner? In each corner of the arena, they have a sign with a shot on goal. So, where you used to be just at one end. Now, wherever you go, I was always on both ends, but it's way up way on the end. Well, they did a little bit of better job with that and they put in a great goal one. Now here's the negative. A little thinking like the lines are still just as long. There's no out of town scores. And for that asshole, old bastard that called in and said everybody's complaining, when I pay $2,000 a year for seats, I will pitch all I want. Oh yeah. I turn the corner. I mean, look at the price everything. Price for the seats, the price for the parking, the price for the food. I mean, it should be so good that they, you know, give you a bottom massage when you walk in there and on the way back out. You know, I turn the corner and we are getting in. I turned off the mingo on to 136. Right. At 6. 57. I walked into the arena at 7. Wait, wait a minute. You turned off the mingo on 136. I came down Oakland. Got through that traffic area. No, I turned off sunrise. I know 136. No, I'm on. I'm on Oakland Park. I get to Fulmingle. I make my left. Okay. Now on Fulmingle, you make a right on 136, which is right by the arena. No. Yes. No. Fulmingle and 136, too. And right. And after they got to San Tolester, a no seat. No parking spot. And it's still back out of the parking spot. Oh. Then I had to go back there. Oh yeah. The parkway. I wound up parking next to a curb in a turn lane. On the Panther Parkway. And just said the hell would if they told it. They told it. They got a cluster of 10 kids when I pulled in with little flashlights in their hands. All talk and be asking to each other. Yeah. Nobody's saying where to go. Maybe they were looking for it. Yeah. It's unbelievable. You know, I don't want to complain about it. No, no. This is that purpose. Let's get it out of our system today. Let these people know. We're pissed off. We're not going to put up with this crap. I'm a hand for a season. I want. I want the. Your re-nage beautiful inside. Yeah. I came with great. Everything was great. The lines are still a little long. But you know, I figured hey, it's opening night. People are buying a lot of stuff. Maybe that'll die down. I don't understand why the line should be long. Allegedly, they built all these food courts. That's concession stands. I was supposed to be like a hundred times better than the other joint. I asked. Yeah. Out the doors for the bathroom lines. People are lying for concession. But like I said, that's in volume. So much because I go. But like they were no. They were here. They were no lines. And the restrooms. They were in the restrooms. There was. How to help. Could there be? But see that doesn't bother me as much because I'm smart enough to get up five minutes before the period. No. I'm going back to my seat. Got to do that. But getting into the place. I don't know about getting out because I left with like two minutes left. Right after that third. The fourth goal was scored. I jumped up and ran out. Right. But getting in at that place was just. It was easier to get into my amy arena. It's unbelievable. I don't know if it was just because it's opening night or whatever. But it's a. I don't know. I don't know. Because it's opening night. I mean, we're anticipating supposedly. We're going to be thrown out all the camp. Oh, you had a great time. Didn't they? No. It is virtually unanimous. These people are psychotic and they don't know what they all hit a man. They went there expecting just zoom right in it. Just like to rob me stadium. Could be. Could be spectacular. You drive right enough to turn. The only problem is once you get in. You've got a bunch of assholes. You've got a bunch of cops in a bunch of other traffic directing group falls there. And then they put up all those cones and they block off off. If they would just leave everything wide open, you get to hell in and out of there. No problem at all. Getting out of your lobby, stay in there. I mean, the PPP Park. That's the best. That is the all time best. Oh, and you can't go left there and go on the turn by got fly. Well, we don't know because we got all those cones up there. And people are crossing the street. They sure know how to do it here. Don't think? No. How to ensure your comfort, your maximum enjoyment of whatever you're going to say. No. Open line in day five, six, seven, oh five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T line. Let them put these six on cue. I'm not still. I'm not still. He made two in he. I'm not. When I wake up in the name of the day. I want to kill by my daddy. I want to tell him that he got nothing over. I was a red-haired queen. I was a kid. It's not only the opposite, but the same. I'm not the one who knows. I'm a kid. I'm a kid. We beat the M.C.C.D. to laugh at her. Oh, and not my heart ain't done. He got me on cold, so calm and I know. But they're kind of letting them go. My dad's not the only one who can't see. He's a kid. I'm not still. I'm telling the one who knows. You live there, you're not there. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. But by the way, just see the fan of this was all midnight. That was one of the pieces. I've ever had said it. It's was only that there was used to cut the masking tape that they bond. Jobinase, mouth width, like a, about a room waste. Then it belonged to the little kid. So what they're saying is that mommy used to the kids with, uh, swish army on the, I think, the masking tape. But I just mentioned these things in passing. There were little bit slow days that were working on it. I got the grand jury going out there and pulled her in more of these years. We have an open line in, uh, day to a, day to a, brown five, six, seven, oh five, sixy and pound five, sixy on a mobile one line. There's a lady in Miami, hello. Nail? Yes, man. I nail. Now I want to tell you about my experience. Oh, fine. Here we go. Mark down another one. It was great. My seat is, I have the best seat in the hall arena. Yeah. I have the one, 20 nine. Well, it was, uh, I'm at the day off. Uh, so everything was perfect. Well, what about getting out of it? Uh, there was a line at the. I have a, uh, on, uh, 136 again on the five, ninety five. These, uh, maybe 20 minutes. Okay. I got you down. Okay. See you. I just want happy camper. Let's hear it. Hey, one lady. She's, uh, not no complaints. Food was great. Easy, easy. Of course you got there. One of the afternoon. But there, there you go. She's happy. Got the best seat in the house. For seat isn't falling off the moorings. See doesn't too thin. Seats are too narrow by the way. They cut them back because they've got to get in all those extra seats. The screen can maybe make back all the money. He lost the first five years. And like I said, it's hard to meet a relate to it. Because I have a seat out there on the aisle. Boy, did I get lucky or, um, what? I'm right out there on the aisle. So you've got, like, hang out half way. Your big fat ass. Over the edge of the seat and one leg. Got me. I don't have to worry about that crap. Everybody else, Princeton and real narrow seats. They got a cup holder in front of them. So you have to, like, have your knees up, which is pretty comfortable for what? Two and a half three hours. Here's my auntie. Hello. Hey Neil, but it's good practice for getting all hunched up in a car waiting for two hours to get out. Yes sir. Hey, Dylan, Neil. Great. Good. I got a complaint man. Okay. I got a 300 pound tank sitting next to me in my section. So when I bought my food I had to go all the way up to the top. I mean, yeah. It was awful. If she gets up when the pan goes to the score everyone's gonna end up with me. I'm gonna take the whole row of... She's in the upper deck? Yeah. Oh my God. It's terrible. Really? New meaning to the expression belly flop. Can you see her flying out of that upper bowl? Oh yeah. It's so... But the seats are now down stairs of the R-Opsis. Yes. It's so. I'm disappointed. Okay. I'm on my way back. Right here. This is the best. This is the greatest moment of my life. Like I said, sometimes this is a good lesson for all you people out there. Sometimes in life you see something and it looks really great. I mean, just spectacular. Then you get a little bit closer and it stops looking quite as good. Then you get like, inevitably involved with it. And oh, get out of here fast. Woo! By the way, speaking of that, bad breath is grounds for divorcees, Rabbi. Oh, hey. Bad breath says they see you rabbi and Israel is grounds for divorce. Rabbi Slo-Mo-Gorin said an ancient Jewish law mentioned bad breath as a legitimate reason to split. Now that he's cleared the air, several couples are filed for divorce on grounds that their partners have. Hallotosis. Holy toses. Oh, hey. Two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. It's complaining about the macarina day. Oh, who I am. Hey, listen, these people are not making these stories. Up they have no reason they went there with the best of intentions. With the best of hopes they laid out a gigantic amount of money. Some of them probably had a mortgage the guy they in house to buy their season tickets and pay for the parking. And set her in salon. And they went there expecting the best of them to get it. Oh, here's a mobile and medley. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Greetings. Three things for you. Number one, you were talking about Howard earlier. It's funny. I started listening when they were really worried about us and them. Because they got like, maybe interesting gifts. But I got argument with everybody that asked to listen to Howard and lick your ass. Some of you guys 20, 30 people there. You ain't old by yourself. Yeah. You were talking about Howard. Because Howard does his thing and if you like him fine. But the TV show, that's my point. If you're going to have a TV show that's going to attract people to tune into with. There has to be some work put in the production that's on the air. You can't just photograph a guy sitting in a room empty and then chop it all up and censor about anything that he might say that might be, you know, a land is expecting an audience. Yeah. There's no effort that goes in there. These whammy people have made no financial commitment. But they've come back out of staff and the production staff we got over here. It's just there. It's like a time filler. Yeah, it's a shame. Um, another thing, one order for your problem with the arena, go bad. Get a motorized little scooter. You can pull it up carry with you. The arena put it right in front of you and no problem. Um, and uh, you know, all the warning for people that are driving by the immigration office down on this game in 79th street. Yeah. There's some kind of demonstration on doors. There's some there can and open the garage. Great. Going nuts. Okay. Okay. We have an open line and date one and Broward 560560 on the, uh, mobile one line. We got one lady there and then the guy in the old guy from Rochester. My maple leaf fan or whatever it hot guy is. We got two people so far that are happy. And we've got 15,670 to keep in track who are really pissed off. They aren't too happy. They're not happy with a parking and I'm happy with a seats. They're not happy with a, uh, with the ambiance, with no out of town scores. See, that may have been okay in the old arena. Am I me arena? There wasn't okay, but I guess the rationale being, well, it's new down here. We don't have many that hockey fans. We just care about the Panthers. We don't care about what's going on the other game. Because these people learn all from mob the other games anyway. Which was a bunch of crap, but nevertheless, that might have been the excuse. For when you spend this much money to build this so-called, and I wonder why they keep touting it is the greatest facility in the country. They've been to all the other areas. This is the best one. And I say, no way. No way. No way. With those tintsy little goal lights and no out of town scores, and the shark clock 50 million miles away on each end that you can't see with the binoculars, that's not my idea of fan friendly. Well, my seats, well, the location, well, my parking, well, where the arena is, but I didn't know that. We're starting to develop some real serious chinks in the armor here. Hey, man. Why? Why is that thing real? Well, that could be some serious problems in my normal sense. Could be some real. Okay, where we going, let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. That's the real night? Yes. It sucks. What a experience was the mokkel. Yeah. Okay. First thing is, I'll start to go off. And the morning I just attempt to go by pants and pack tickets. Okay. Why do they have to accommodate people when they do a pant like a Macotron goes on sale at day. That just screws everything up. So everybody who was there for the pant to see for screw because journey was coming. Oh, right. Journey, the last time I saw a journey was like a 1978. I mean, come on. Exactly. Okay. So then I find a way to get tickets. You go up there and you're thinking, I'm in the Pemor Pine area. Not that far right down the road. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. You're going to get a lot of money. I've been 50 bucks for tickets. I can't complain. I was going to be out of dating. Sit my seat and enjoy the game. Get out of there and fairly organized manner. Which is none of them happening. That's enjoying the game part. Okay. Right. There are all that's virtually inanimate. They said it sucks. The experience was growth test. Can't get any worse? No. Man. This is a real fly opener for me. Of course, keep in mind that I thought I was there was an exhibition game. I got the preferred parking, which is real nice. I was trying to find out where the hell it was. And you walk right in there. I would say, I don't know, 8 or 9,000 people are there. The place was about half full. Because it was an exhibition game. And we left that to one period. So I mean, you sit right out in five seconds. I thought, boy, this is great. This is sensational. And sitting on the aisle, I said, I didn't notice that the seats are like, you know, monkey side. I shouldn't have said that. We'll be getting the fine for that. Did he say monkey size as in like a banana eating ape? Something like that? Here's Miami. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a deal. I didn't go to the arena, but you know, I just want to let you know the local station, town 7. You know, they had to jump on me in the bad weather because, you know, there's no more orcans out there. They had to find something. They found a status bed in the arena. So it was a view. And he was complaining that he couldn't sit in his feet. Yeah. So I don't know. You know, I should be real. I mean, if you go to a report, you report about the gamer stuff. I mean, you're at the loop with the worst thing in the arena. Yeah, let people. I mean, that was, uh, I want to thought, heck, we've been in our skybob. Yeah, no, no, no. Okay, thanks for the good news, sir. Just a joke, Hank. I want to start hank on the yes, pal. It was a this morning. I saw it. He was doing the football thing. And TV does make it look a little bit bigger. We have an open line in the day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and I'll go on a hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. On the day of attack, you TV show. Okay, get a new phone. Okay. It's not like this guy's mobile phone, uh, sleeps with a fish. Say hi to look, by the way, too, okay. God. Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I got news for that TV show was been before the day went on the air. If we did, if I would have only known, if I would have had any idea who I was dealing with over there, and what they had in mind and how they were going to jerk us around, whatever we were going to get on the air. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. It was a disaster. Yeah. We were parking for the show. Yeah. I think he's expert when he went out for the other, he just broke around. He came back to the way and they said, you know what? Don't put in that parking. We'll go to the people there by hour and a half early, just a five-foot parking, then they can come inside and spend the money out. Yeah, I'll do it. All right. Yeah, the best deal is show for our moon. You can have lunch and dinner there. Exactly. I mean, he's up for the dollar. I mean, I fit behind the Panthers bench. You know, the new towels they had that come up for the bench? Yeah. I'm too early behind the tunnel. All the people around me are thankful that we had at the moment. You know, we have a family of families of, they have four seats. They've got two more. So now they have six seats that are the road directly behind the tunnel. But yeah, exhibition games are no problem because you can look out to put a piece of plastic ice up there. There's no problem. They come to the first year in the season. What's in front of the plastic glass? A new sign that we're driving Budweiser. And can they keep over the sign of the city ice? No. They put the sign to high. And they complained. And they said, I think we'll send so many down to the top teams. Nobody can knock the top to them. So the road voice is in the seat and looks at the back of the sign and the whole game. I can hear it. You're here? I'm here. You'll see it when you get to the next game. Your signs that are blocking your view from your seat? Yeah. There's something that's un-appreciated views in the world arena. I guess not. I guess they waited until the first real game before they started putting up all the BS, you know. I mean, it's a new sign that you realize, hey, we got everything here when the players come in now. The cameras are on them. It's a sign that you can tell. It wasn't planned to go there. It's pretty up whack in the kind of deal. It's all electronic sign or whatever. They'd go outside. But they put it to high. Even it goes when you look over it. You can't see the ice near the panter's bench. You lose that whole pipeline. You feel about where the booth is. There's a booth. Where's the circle? There's a big circle. Yeah. And there is to the board. You can't see the ice. You know, I'll tell you something. I always liked that Miami arena. I don't know. I said, a friendly field to it. Real loud and enthusiastic. I know. You told them for the parking. They're the night. And I'd go by minutes and seven. I told them. Whatever. I'd go by the past and everything. I'm going on. I can't find faces. They go, yeah. Where did I park? You know what they do? The rural roads. Within the parking. Lots of cells. They get used to it. They go, just pull over. They're going to the middle of the road. Yeah. I said, no, that's really cool. And they probably line there. I said, how about that? I want to almost put the front door. Of course, I like to get. I found the dead area where I wasn't blocking anything. And you're going to go. We're going to park right there. Go, pop and walk right in. I don't find. I'm not going to do anything. But you know what? I might ask you. Because I think they over throw passes and didn't throw no cross. I think you could get their late for the upcoming game. It's just part of the middle of a panter parkway there. Like in the middle of the street. They may be up on the median in the middle of the street. Yeah. And they took so many faces away within the water. That's where I went. It's a parking lot. It puts faces. That's right. We didn't need all the palm trees in the islands. That's a very good point. They got all that. They put in there, which cost them a lot of extra money by the way to build it. Instead of more parking spaces. They even train a palm tree for sure. Right. Exactly. Okay. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you. Okay. So far, we got 48,000 of votes. And except for two of them, they're all negative. Did you have a great time? No. It sucked in what they're saying. I'm not saying that. Because like I said, you go in there and you look at it. And in the embryonic stages, it looks like it was going to be spectacular. Certainly new in shiny and glitzzy, like anything that's brand new. But was it built with any kind of concept? I mean, who the hell would these bozos that design this thing? That design the parking? That design the access roads? That design the who would that hell? The people that hired these five year old kids? Firstly, the same people hired the health here at QAM. They like little kids over here because they weren't cheap. That's right. And it sound really good too. Here's a mobile in Boko. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, and me and hi. Maybe you can help me out here. Okay. You mean, it'll be amazing. A great share going for two weeks. I'm leaving Wednesday night. Leaving out of a manny going to roam, coming back from the middle. I'm coming back from the lawn. However, it's October. Never went there in October. Calling on the telephone. And all I'm hearing is, oh, I'm sorry sir. We're booked. It's the outestymal season. Have you been there in the lawn? No, no, no. What do you expect? What do you mean, what can you expect? I'm hearing everything's booked. I usually go there in the spring and when you call them directly on the phone, speak a little Chinese Italian, the price goes down in half. I tried to get into the show. Look, all three hotels in Rome, every good one of the thing, eight kilometers north of the city center in some, I don't know what's going on. Oh my god. What do I do? Do you expect this all? Don't you have a travel age? You're making a call directly? Yeah, because you want to get a half the price. I like to speak Italian and I speak Italian and I speak Italian like a Chinese. Yeah, but are you, are you that desperate to get half the price that you want to stay eight kilometers north of the city? I don't know. I don't know. That you're going to have to take a cab every way that you go? No, no, no. Got my truck into the mouth waiting for me always driving the lead. Oh, I've been there once the problem. But you're expecting to see this even worse up in Milan. These October really, these high season. Yeah, man. May in October, man, September, October. Sure. I think of Oak. What does that mean? It means I'm going to bang like that. Well, wait a minute. Are you telling me that you just take off and you go, uh, $1,500 or $6,000 a cross to work without a hotel reservation? You're just going to zip up to Milan and then hope to find a hotel. Only for the first night in the last night on the way. It's popwalk. You should do real well. You should do real well. Never went. Not COVID. Shocked it. What I'm hearing. Yeah. I'm shocked that what I'm hearing. I can't believe that anybody doesn't make a reservation in a hotel before they travel that far away. Lying by the sea to Black Pets, Balkan, hotel reservations landing and the day before the meeting. Yeah. It's a lot from the old. Tell them that I'm trying to read it. I have a great time. Okay. Good luck, you pal. I'll see you in the Penteoni. That's really good amount of sting in the Penteoni. Up on the third floor. There were the half of star on the sign out there. That's where this program is going to be staying. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward, 560, 705, 60 and Pomp5, 60 on the mobile one line. I took peek at you. That's all I can say to you, sir. You travel like a slipper is the way you travel. Unbelievable. I'm just going to show off. I'll find me in a hotel. I'll hear right. I'll not have to price off. Sure they will. 268L, you're right. 9. It's the kind of blind man. I'm just here. I'm not a bad guy at all. Just check that. I'm just here. I'm just here. I'm just here. I'm just here. I'm just here. I'm just here. Well, how are you? What's that? Sofe. And not the anxious to come back anytime soon. Well, fact, I've got no home game this week. Our next home game isn't till a week from the Wednesday. We have a lot of things that I think 23rd. We have it all. We should give them plenty of time to like read Vancer, whole concept on who the people are are working in there. I don't understand. There's this enormous massive track of land there where they built the arena. There isn't any excuse. Any reason in the world. It's not that they didn't have enough space to build up parking spaces. Or to talk to lay it out in a way that was like conducive to figuring out. Because if they weren't able to do what Friday night, how they were going to be able to do it. Because obviously the people who are in charge of doing it are like the people in charge of it. I like a maddie lesson. Maybe it may be maddies in charge of the parking at the mad arena. Which would explain a lot. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know if you saw these superb story about the seeds. No. I was the guy that was that he was interviewing and he'd find me because he had some foreign or colorful intake. He found the fatest guy in the arena. Right. I know fat as a new and I can't fit in the seeds. And I want to invite you to come and fit next to me. I have four seeds that I've stuck with for the whole year. Really? I can't even tell it. Because I cut people the hockey stuff to see where my seed got. Right. And make that down and we're said, where are you buying these? I can't fit them. Well, once I got them with them. What section are you in? Uh, 105, 105. But 105? Yep. It's a lower seed. No, it's over to the right to see the bigger. Yeah. I pointed it out to see if you should build high up the table. They also in a similar similar seeds are big and similar more new. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on a high up four seeds for the next game against LA. I'll send you one. You come and fit. And my session between me and my three friends. And we'll all be squashed in like 30. I'll sit in my regular seat. But I'll be for the game. I'll come over and I'll take it. I'll put my ass in your seat and see. Here. I'll bring a crowbar to make sure I get out. In fact, you 105, wrote 16. Okay. N.C. I don't have it. I'm in 101. So, wait a minute. You're in the N.C.? Yeah. And the N.C. even the armrest comes off on it. So, what's up three people for the order to meet camp set? I'm not the only one. Oh, Mike. And I think like I said, I can plan to the Panthers. They offered to move me upstairs. I said, what happened? I've been down here since 1973. Yeah. You know, now you're going to move your business. Because the season. I want to meet the guy who drew these stupid plans up. These people out of these sizes of seeds. They got a girl way. 90 pounds sitting in a big seat. Yeah. You know, I may got guys like me and you. Well, maybe they should have arranged this by way. They should have. I put my way down on the damn application. Why don't they let me do? Well, they should. They should give us those seats that are just sitting on the concrete right there. I would put that like 195 to 210 just to make sure I had the leeway. But they shouldn't have qualified the fact that all seats are equal. And give some people tenor seats. You realize when you're building an arena like that and you supposedly have professional people laying down. I want to know how to get the whole brilliant you have to be to make sure. I mean, you figure out how much space you've got and then you divide one number by another number. And the seats all have to be the same size you're going to be brain. And that's why they got several seats, like rows that have been out of seats so they could sit in ecstasy. The lead level. Yeah. And I would like to meet the guy who designed it because he is discriminating against average of Americans. Maybe if they're all ready. That people, yeah. Well, maybe if the whole arena was forward to the Japanese people will be fine. But it's not. Yeah. Maybe that's the point. The guy who's out of America's eating allows you French fries. They got to every shop at the Southwest. Maybe I don't go to any more. Okay. But they may not be proud. They even French fries who want that. Yeah. I'm going to French fries. I'll be over to see you. I'll see you in a fight. Oh, my God. What a mitigated freaking disaster. What a disaster. We got some bunches of seats that like rock and roll and they like float and fumble and bumble around all over the place. And those are way down low seats that people paid an arm and a leg for. Then we got some seats that are like narrow. Some seats that are narrow or the net. And some seats that even the Chinese couldn't fit in. We got a parking situation that is absolutely utter chaos like well, is this the park anywhere like you in the China memory or your words. And hopefully when you come out maybe that's somebody other people that are parked all over the road and funny who might be leaving early. See, and I'm going to tell you one thing back into Miami arena. We had a bunch of assholes. If anybody ever left a game early. Oh, you're leaving early. Even if it was like six nothing had something like that. Oh, you're leaving early. Anyway, I get criticized for leaving early in this place. I got news. This is a couple of free shots of what we're doing at criticize. Absolutely positively, very believable for this town. And these people are running around shooting off their mouths. Oh, well, this is the most beautiful facility in North America and everybody tells us, yeah, like I said, it may look good, you know, in pictures. It may look good on television. But in terms of the comfort in terms of the accessibility in terms of the anything. It's turned off to be pointed like every single reported set to. We've had 47 million 268,000 calls today. And except for two, they all said, it's soft. Which I'm just a shot. Takes a lot to shock me. So often they put my cap, but I'm not going to do it. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Listen, I was away for about a month. The Friday was the first time I set this into the arena. Yes, sir. And a far beyond for me to say anything nice. But it wasn't that bad. Yeah. I mean, the parking is, it's literally ridiculous the way they set it up to everyone comes in one entrance and put it all the parties on one side. But I got there kind of early, but I didn't have any trouble. Well, you got to walk about a half a goddamn mile. Yeah. You get there. I was good for it. Yeah, I suppose. But I mean, it's a brand new place. It's big. It's a fan's of, you know, and frankly, what's this about white seats and narrow seats? Well, maybe you had a wider seat. I guess, because I felt to be like a normal sight. I mean, I don't know if I can stick their, I don't know. That's unbelievable. That they would make different sight seats. I did notice the feet, weight down. What about it's temperate? It was the first time. Yeah. It's definitely a road, something like that. I think they'd run in a few sofas. They'd run a few recliders. But you know what it would talk to you. I would see it in a hockey again. And we played two out of the team. We're two or no. Uh-huh. That's a good news. Okay. So let's, I want to say, I was the way. I heard you did hear it in ballooning on this trip. Yes. And. And did you like it? I lived there for five years. And was okay. I'm a little bit nervous. Interesting. How could you even wait there? Why ballooning? Because you got to see more than just roll and Florence and Noan. I got to see all of Italy. Got to try new things. That's true. You like the food? Who was very good? Yeah. The food is great. Yeah. Well, listen. Good talking to you. And you'll see next week. It's really not that bad. Okay. I can't wait. Okay. I'll be walking over. Yeah. If I was smart, I could just about walk over. Isn't that a road? I'll walk over there at borders. And walk over. But I want to make sure I say, I had a my little lady friend over there. The moment of the glasses, the things I'm an asshole. And every time somebody goes in there buys a best of. Oh, you want to hear less than a handful? He's an asshole. I would give you some borders totals by the way, but we don't have an ay. I guess because the holiday today, we're having a little trouble getting this thing coordinated. Our center one fundraiser. We're doing pretty good though from what those numbers you gave me. Walk to a real good start. You can get the best of meal. Find him is one and two at any of the eight borders in South Florida. Eight out. Use. Another bad. Five sixty W. Two. I'm 10. I want to be something. A fall the other TV shows in town. Why not showing this cartoon postcard that I got from Amsterdam with the lips in the seven joints in it. That's a stone forever. Wouldn't that be something, huh? I'm here with the other station town. But the station that's supposed to be carrying my guide damn show Neil at night every night at 10 30. They won't show it. Will it? No. Because they're much of pussy's over there. Oh, we're cutting edge. You're not cutting edge. Your cutting edge. The graph is what you are. And I think it's time for it to cut the guide damn. Crap is what it ought to be. And I'm going to put it up over there. Man, oh man. And Bob Kaepens run around her. Oh, see? We did a really great job. Put me short again. Yeah, right. Long pond was phone calls that I wouldn't wish I'm god-lame Hitler and Eva Brown. Just before they pulled the trigger. Oh, in fact, I'm most of the calls you put on there would be enough to make a bullet. There you go. See you eight off. God. See. The. The. The. It's. Don't. That. They should go. It's. You know what I want to have months on the year. It's still. TV from him. TV from. They still can't get to for. They can't finish anything. OK, it's like. It's like announcement it erupts. No matter what it is on there. TV from it. Come on. You can spit it out. Get out there. It reminds me of Max. Let's get a great Max the engineer back from a pack. Oh, yeah, we got all these great. Yeah, he did spend a lot of money on equipment over there today, but know how to make it work. No. Mad Max, he was too big. Well, I like the flirt. I like the eat. I like the flirt. Every day he can't come in and go through the same speech. Would he fix the equipment? No, it's standard. I make a speech for maybe a couple of years. I like the eat. I like the flirt. I like to smooth. I like the we should have a song about that. That would have been a great folk of brands song. I like to eat. I like the flirt. I like this moves. Do I like to do any work? No, I'm not. Hey, that's my Max for it, man. It's the same thing over there when they got, you know, the best crap that money can buy. The best way up that money can buy. And a bunch of five year old kids. Oh, how did he ever make this thing work? I'll never forget as long as I live. Those first how many was it? The first hundred nights. The first two other nights we were on that thing. It's the day. Jump. On jet. That. Do you agree from it? Yeah. Would black screen and dropouts and pukeouts in the, oh my god. Were they ready for prime time? No, they ready for like three in a morning. No, we're ready for any. Very delicious. Silver queen production man as soon as you told me that that fact was involved in this operation. At that point, I should have said to myself, forget it. And if they ever put one show on there that of any interest to straight people. Oh, no. Of course not. Other than this one, this one with a flag doing a show. At least I got a straight audience. But any other show on there, every show is a fact show on that channel. No, which reinforces what I think about certain people over there who are like, you know, still put none in that. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. We got back to you. I'm a big star. Thank you. Thank you. I need a clarification. I'm not on Godfather's. Do I know it's a totally off the track here? Michael Corleone goes to prime time to listen and it's agreement that I'm a hot cinema giant exat. They tried to assassinate me in my own bedroom. A bubble bubble bath. He then asked for a make-team with the risotto. And Frank goes into the bar. And when they go to try to kill us, they regard for Michael. That was presented to me. Frank thinks that Michael ran up there. That's it. Right. Okay. I'm sorry. But I should have known it was a highman Rothau along. Gotcha. Got it. All right. And don't forget, I don't have a big as some talk about it. Like no green light. That's not even a monument. Okay. See you. Go back. Okay. We have two open lines today. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. And don't forget there's no such thing as a course on Austria. There's no such thing as the mafia. Just ask the people at A&E. Okay. I'll give you a little one of these with a twist of nose. They'll say, hey, you're right. That was hysterical. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. You didn't take it all there. I went through the second exhibition and opening night. Right. Um, we're quite a few positive, but two big negatives. The positive was, uh, I see a re-netsoffered medically. I've never seen one like it. People are obviously a problem. It isn't a big problem. And it's something that is a tremendous, uh, uh, it's far as they're going to do it, though. I'm just here. We just can't get away. There you go. There's a guy who's a psychotic. We have an open line at Broward to a date. Five states ripped the goddamn macaroon, mad arena day. And so far, once we turned him loose, they've been into it like freeway and spig it without the freeway man. They're out of control. You can't get there. The seats are too narrow. The place sucks. It's set around so on. The game was pretty good, but who could help cares? See if we had fans, then it would be a little bit different. Then they would have a lot of calls about the guy named Game itself, but we've had almost none of those. We've had calls and rightfully so like the guys are saying, we've paid a lot of money for these tickets. We have a right to be able to release. Squeeze our goddamn macaroon into a seat would be good without a shoe horn. Here's somebody. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. I went to my first campus game Friday night. Thanks to you. And I, your seats are phenomenal. Oh, you're setting my seat. I sat in your seats. Right at center, right there were magnificent seats. The goal for that first go by parish. I had the best angle in the house. It was a thing of beauty. I just wanted to again thank you for the tickets. And also, I do have a couple of comments about the arena. Yeah. The seats here. Now that people mention you, they're a little narrow. But my main thing is there's the rack of leg room in between seats. Even a little kick tank between you and the seat in front of you. Yeah. And they can say, you know, something now that I'm thinking about it. The exhibition game over there. There are a lot of empty seats. It was like there were a lot of people in my row because I'm right on the end. But now that you mentioned that, I'm looking forward to a nightmare because when you're on the end, everybody who comes back in and everybody that goes out is going to pass by you if they're going out on your end. But that'll be stadium a road. Extend. Oh, why I see I envisions a lot of time standing in the aisle. Well, that's always a thought. Yeah, I guess. But I get so little inconvenience. I would assume. But anyway, I just wanted to get in. Thank you for the tickets. I had a really good time. My girlfriend and I have never been to a Panthers game before. And we're really enjoyed ourselves. I just want to let you know. All right. Thanks. Okay. There you go. There's a guy who's a grateful and a good guy to had a good time. They had to take a shoe horn to squeeze their asses into the seats, but other than that, we have an open line in the Broward 2 in the day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. 1256 on QA and we got the Humper. Hank Goldberg at 2. We got the four hour pregame extravaganza. The spot carrier. Kind of like go what they do on hockey night in Canada now, which they're starting earlier. So that the late game is over three in the morning. 6, 30 to 7, they do this stupid and 7, half hour pregame show. And there's no point to it. The game starts at 7, but they do a half hour pregame show just to get a lot of extra spots in there so they can make money. Well, here on QA and Warlock more clever than that. We can work out more than just a half hour. We do a four hour pregame extravaganza very often. So maybe we would make back some of the money we lost in the Marlins. Speaking of money. But the meal was your show, Latterdale. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hour. They talked a lot about Francis Albert last night from the whole book in New Jersey. They've ever mentioned any of his late mafia ties because we know there's no such thing as the mafia. So it would have been a waste of time. We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the 18, two wireless line. Everybody had a great time in the game Friday night. I have this kick to ask. I love the parking pile of the arena. I love the food prices. They love those big wide luxurious seats. Oh. There's a mobile and margied. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. What are you doing? Great. Good. Hi. I got a chance to meet you last week for the first time as people off the pleasure and an honor. Right. It's a with a CD that you were just selling. The operation don't really matter to me. Because we never had the original that was the head of the owner. You know what I'm saying? That's the way it was when we got it. Right. One other operation. I'm not a season ticket holder for the Panthers. So it doesn't matter to me either way about getting in getting out of the side. Nothing like that. The one thing I had noticed is they put an entrance for the people coming from the south on 75 in the Sarghradden to get into the stadium and to leave the stadium. But where there's probably a lot of people coming from Polka and up north say everybody's got to get off on Oakland or sunrise. It seems like they would have, you know, would alleviate it coming the traffic. It could say would have just put an exit going north, bound right on to the Sarghrad and going into the arena also. Going northbound? Because we ain't going northbound, I'm going to the star ration. Venture bank? You can't get out going northbound from Oakland? Right, you have to go back to Oakland or you have to go back to sunrise to go if you're going back up to poker. You're just so you're dead to it. Okay, we have an open line of day-bonded part. I mean, they hit all those times of planet. You would have thought, you know, you would have thought that when you deal with that much money and all these big hot shots and all these experts and they're going all over the North America. See, I hate to break the news to these people. I know this comes as a great stock and a tremendous bitter disappointment. A lot of the people in the organization. But people, you know, we've been trying. It's tiring. I'm more now with it about the salaries and about these multi-millionaires. These goofballs, guys with IQ smaller than they're thinking. But if you're really going to subsidize this, if you're going to help to support it, how in the world when you want to put out that kind of money for tickets. And that kind of money for parking and that kind of money for food. How can you give anybody less than the best, the best, the best, the most comfortable city. We're not talking about, you know, something even the old wooden seats in Maple Leaf Gardens, which has been there for 68 years, they build at 1931. Even those old seats, even those wooden seats are big and they're comfortable and they're like probably more comfortable than these little narrow tiny seats. That's somebody's progress is a sitting in better paying five, six grand a year for tickets. People expect the best and they give them a shot. After all the time that they've had to plan this thing, people go there, expect some organization. These, they send you nice little diagram. Okay, parking, uh, gate number five, number seven. You expect to go to a place and it's clearly marked. And instead, having a bunch of little high school kids standing around and all of their ass from your elbow, you expect to be able to do zip right in there. Clearly marked an organized. And based on what we're here and was it organized? Oh, was it clearly marked? No, was it like Kiosk? Yeah, I am just shot and amazed and bitterly disappointed because I thought to myself, I was making excuses in my mind for them. Because I thought, well, you know, it's kind of a resting, although really Russian, they had months to do this. But, you know, when the inspiration game's over, we get into the real thing that first Friday night, I was content. I was positive. It would be well organized and really well thought out in the piece of care. Sorry. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Happy to nail. Yes, sir. I'm calling to say thank you for the tickets you gave me on Thursday. Okay. And it was the second fan for the game I went to. It was up in two or three great seats. I'm bad at seeing the house. It didn't seem like. Yeah. Great viewing everything. And I came in, I shot up north on Plomingo and turned left. There just had dog grass and went right into the parking lot. No problem. Everybody was saying the problem is getting out. And what they need is they need signage because you couldn't tell the thing which between a parking row versus an egg is it kind of like a street. Right. Where people are parking. If you could see where them, the, And especially with half the people parked in the middle of the streets anyway, because they had no Where to park. Right. And if you pull out of your parking space and say go north of the park. Sometimes they remind me of their national, when you're in the parking. And if you keep going around and trying to figure, okay, which way to where I go to get out. I want to get there a lot of here. I want to pay my $600 parking fee. I want to get out of here. And you keep looking. Where's exit? Where's Salita? Where's something? And some line was it might tell me how to get out of here. And if you keep going around long enough, maybe you'll find it. They just been a few shuckled in the invite some signage to say out this way. Right. Exactly. And then closing. I saw the, the Italian thing on 80 last night. Right. It was someone entertaining. But like you said, there's a few short coming in. I don't know. Godfather. It's a little epic perinoid. Okay. Okay. There's no such thing as the mafia. Okay. There's no such thing. It's just a pigment of our imagination. And all those people in Sicily that keep getting shot. All those mafia investigators over there. They probably had bad tires. They had bad breaks. There's something in the area. I mean, I guess they assumed that all of us who would be watching that the presentation last night have never been to Italy. Have never spoken to her through words of Italian like Managilam Azadia. And it never received no stories. Web those stories in the papers. Probably some kind of a kind of a pink-o-plot is what those stories are. There's no such thing going on like that over there. Hey. Hello. This is a bunch of hoodies. I can do it. Remember the day we begin to sound. I got this man from Jersey. He can afford to miss us. He got it in Red Sea, movie. He's acting for the main handgun. And we let the man to feel he's gonna face him a place. I heard you write your play in. I heard you write your play in. I heard you write your play in. I wait till I'm here more. I wait to see the fan learn. When we're not alone. It's a hundred disease in half time. But I can't find no fear. I'm not alone. I'm alone. I'm alone. I told you that was related to me. Last time I got my official last tour of the arena. That is that I go in there and they show me the whole. By the way, the offices are plushed. They're beautiful. The office is for the players. They told me that I had missed Wayne by the only one day. He had been there the day before. Just picked a seat. Pick the seat. I told that on here. That's a true story. I'll try this one. Sit down and see busts. By the way, here's the final month of WQA. I'm operating from Sheridan Street. I think it is appropriate that we recognize John Clinger and Earl Lewis as the WQA employees at the month for August. John and Earl have helped. By the way, who turned the heat on and here again? When is this going to stop? What's going to happen once we get up on the third floor? I'm sure it'll just be worse. John and Earl have helped us out tremendously. It will be tragic not to recognize their contributions. So therefore, please join me in congratulating John Clinger and Earl Lewis as the QM. What is it? The lead to receive a $200 bonus or a QM pit for their achievement. It's signed with a squiggly a Greg. See, there's the telltale. See how he does that squiggle under the G on his name. That's the squiggly you see on your check. Now, before they give it to you, the humorous aspect of that. Yes, neither Joe nor Earl for both good people. Yes, work for QAM. QAM employees were in today. So they had to give it some kiss people. There he goes. Take the money guys because you'll never get it again anyway. Okay, Joan and Earl, take the 200 bucks. Thank you. And by the way, you're probably never get that either, but, uh, summer look forward to. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hey, I have a couple of things I wanted to say. Okay. First of all, when she replaces again Saturday, another couple. They love to too. They're going back. I told a manager that Neal found it. Oh, thank God for you. And all. That's all another female coming. We're all good. We don't watch whammy any longer. Yeah. The wrong is you're not there. We're not there. And the third thing that they call. I mean, I'm still on there, but they're showing these old show. I'm a month ago. No, no. We want you there for real, every day. Yeah. Anyhow, um, you know, that gay boy that was beaten up, he died. He'd be died last night, yeah. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just feel so bad about it. And CNN, by the way, did the worst job. I saw their coverage. It was their lead story. And they gave it like a 42nd thing. And while a 30 say that it was robbery was the real motivation. Oh, yeah, really. And then from the one hand, the one guy was upset because, you know, the other guy came onto him in a car. Right. But then turned around and robbery was the motivation. Of course, you know, when you're going to rob somebody, you always take him out in the middle of nowhere. And you feed him for hours. Then you, well, you know, tie him to the fence post and lead him to the freester. That's always the way you do a robbery. Just so upset about it. I had to call you. Now welcome to America. Yeah. Well, it'll never change. Will it? Probably not. Okay. Take care. Okay. Have a great day. And thank God, Brody's great right wingers. All these good Christians out there. These good religious people preaching love and kindness and Brotherhood. All right. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. You're smoking today. I'm smoking a good one. I haven't been to the arena. If the shame they build a brand new facility, and I've all these problems. Yeah. The seating alone. It makes you sick to think about it. You're going to go out and the only thing that I've been here since 1962 in Joe Robby's. The only one I know of that actually built something down here. That was right when it was built. Right. That's the only one I know. The only, the only negative about that stadium is that the climate here, you know, preclutes the possibility of really enjoying it out there. They need to have a, a retractable dome roof like the sky don't. But other than that, the seats are comfortable. It's easy to get in and out of there. Except when they screw it up on the football game. But like for baseball, it's easy to get in and out. And you know what I'm thinking of baseball. I don't about football stadium, which is what is actually built for you. Yeah. But what is it? But he's perfect. Right. Well, I wouldn't say that. Pretty cool. If you're sitting on the shade side like I used to, it's a pay on a Sunday afternoon, but boy, if you're sitting on a sunny side, yeah, instant melanoma, man. Two more things. I know you got to hear George bread, and I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I came over just when you came on. I never miss you when you first come on. And I do. Here with you, meeting and comments about George. I gave George a six and a half on a skill of 10 because I don't want to give like a World Head and big numbers out of any was monotone and mumble a little bit. But they'll be fine. He'll get better each time. And it's a big, huge improvement over the tapes. Better than the tapes and better than the birds. And he also doesn't worry about what the colors. He's still worried about what the colors are saying. And he should just tell him to blow it out the ranks, which you're actually he'll do. Now, since the Godfather question day, I've had a question, and I have a, I've hesitated for you. This is only fiction folks. There's no mafia. This is just fiction. There's one question I wanted to ask you. I've seen the movie I have it here on tape. I've seen it a million times, but I'm confused about one thing in Godfather one. After they do, they have Tom Hague and they say you can go now. And they come out and they say, still alive. They hit a five shot and he's still alive. And he's talking to some guy and he says, It's bad for me and it's bad for you. If you don't get on a map and deal right now, who is he talking to? He's going to start a lot with them. He was talking to Tom Hague and he said, It's bad news for me and it's bad news for you. If you don't get the deal, don't you remember? Don't you remember they had the meeting. Call the only offices there. The Marlon Brando says, I said I would meet you with you because they tell me you're a wise man, but I'll be right. But you know, he wanted to do the drug. You said he says, Oh, you kidding me? Right. He wanted to tell me that you're well, the guarantee that I'm, and I can't help it. I'm ashamed. You know, I've used me my children to explore my children. They talked too much. Right. But not that point. They were telling you when outside the family was your ticket again. Then of course they brought the line back again and got father three because they ran out of material. Yeah, Tom Hague and there he said the guy's father's dead. He's holding that. And then meeting, then he said, Now you can go and he went outside. And that was the one here that he was still alive. And he said, Well, you hit him with five shots and he's still alive. Tom Hague and was the guy. He was talking to Tom Hague and I better take a look. I better go get some. He'd make that deal or I'll buy a bang. What is that? He gave me one favor. And he said, By the way, don't eat it. Louie's understated. Got the best deal. But the worst lead in the city. Yes. Give me one. You may lead poisoning. Yes. Goodman. I'm hope. I'm off of cricket show. Thank you. Okay. I'm up in the night. Any minute now. We got this often. And we're in the full play. Baby. We got 400 hours of full play. Open line of day. County 560 5056 the pump. 660 got the AT&T wireless line. They hit him with five shots. One more. And he's still alive. And of course there was Fredo sitting there on the curb. Oh, yeah. Again. Fredo. Yeah. Good old Fredo. We sure had a way with a gun. We understood he had a way with a pistol. But that was it. Have a gun. Different got a pistol. Bang and cocktail waitresses. Two at a time. Players couldn't get a drink. It's all fiction. You do understand that. There's no mafia. There's no other bads to sit in. There's no black hand. Well, Sammy Davis may have had a black hand. Here's for a waterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. It is both an honor and a privilege to talk to you. On the day of your daughter's wedding. Exactly. I've been away for a year and a half out in Seattle. And what's code? Don't call your own. I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding. Yeah. And I'll tell you what. I really do miss you so much. It's a radio wasteland out there. Where is it? Where are you? I'm here for a minute. How about a word you'll live now? I'll see you at a watch. Oh, see you at a watch. Please don't tell me you still got that asshole. Mike, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, Mike? No, no, Mike. Seagull. No, no. He's off the year over there. Oh, yes. He's only got out there in Tom like. I can't say how many people call him up and say, I knew kick your butt. Yeah, good. Excellent. Here's a guy that I kicked his butt so bad. He went out and he got a license plate when he came to town. That's a needle who a personalized license plate. And when the first, you know, the first book that came out, they had the world series on. They preempted my show almost every night. Yeah. And he wound up with like a three, five. And I had a three, one or something. I didn't see because I was never on. I was off almost already. So right away, he's got a big attitude. He thinks he's going to be good. Then the next book, he had a three share. I had a seven one. He'll want a week later. He, this is a true story. He gets in his car. He packs up his stuff in the middle of the night and leaves town. Doesn't resign. Doesn't say goodbye. He left town in the middle of the night. Never to be seen here again. Nearly small potatoes. Yeah. Pocket change. Exactly. Yeah. I was driving by the right. Yeah, exactly. He's a pimple. Exactly. I've been going around looking at, you know, my old neighborhood. You're going around places. I saw this the stadium. The new hockey stadium out in the acres. Yeah. And they're putting up a sign today. I guess it's the, the Panther sign. They had the crane out there. They're putting that thing up there. Is it the sign that says don't fit you if you're see to small? No, actually, you want to talk about small seats. Try taking a domestic flight. I had, you know, the people at Chopper Costco with the Industrial Five Sasses. Yeah. They have to sit next to me. And they lift the armrest. And what they do. Oh, and they're oozing foul. Just edges over the edge of their seat on the grass. Oh, good. Oh, it's, it's disgraced. They can me. I'm, I'm literally pinned against the window. And I have nowhere to turn. I mean, I can't even inhale. Yeah. It's, it's, it's disgraceful. I'll just take it's only a real short five hour flight out. Yeah. Yeah. I know it's a seven hour flight. I've got a, a industrial sized Tushi next to me, crannying me. Beauty. But I really do miss you a lot. And I can't tell you how I've refreshing it is to, to see you. And actually, I saw your right here TV show. Yeah. You're on television. Yeah, briefly. Why, what's going on there? You don't even want to know. They're just making a full lot of me. And themselves. Well, hey, at least. The spinalist gutless station, why not buy a bunch of spinalist gutless, no talent assholes who wouldn't know what TV set if you shoved it in their rectum, they know nothing. Well, not not to stroke you too much, but I'll say it. I don't have the people down here have no idea what, what they have with the first they don't, they take me for granted. I'm like yesterday's news. You know that. That's a great. Okay, pal. Great to have that. Real quick. Well, one quick thing. Yes, sir. Thanks for, thanks for improving your image and go ahead and get those hair transplants. It's the hair guy. It's what? What is that? It's the hair guy. What does that mean? Can you translate it with some guy a hundred years ago that kept bugging you to get transplants or something? Yeah. So what does that mean? Then he ran to the radio, turned it up. What does that mean? I don't even know what he's talking about. Like my memory is that good. I know about the hair guy. Okay, whatever you say pal, get back to C.L. We're good out of here. 127 and 560 go. Hey, now. The Rogers guy. The blue chip. All this dot hits a slave chip. And it's very touch when you roll whole day. And the blue ones that actually change. It's a wooden chip. And the spells are not like an arm. It's all about eight five ten minutes. You die of disease. They're so the body in the sea. Oh, you know, those are more like four floors in. Don't be so bad. And if you go play the old law, Right there will be two in the rusty chain. And the slaves. If they don't have low food, then you get cheesic. They beat it back to you. Life is very hard. And the good chip of the star. 132. I think they heard guys got a point though. You know, because that's going to be the reason. The ultimate downfall of the TV show. Besides the reneptis who over there is the problem on my head. Not the hair necessarily. The cap with that outrageous postcard from Amsterdam. You've got to know it. But by the way, I don't have time today. And I don't want to do short trips to all read that entire article. And thank you for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for. You've ever done a key West Emmy this article. The Dutch example shows how it works. How it can work. The economics of legalized marijuana. And I'm not one of those. I'm not going to get involved with the normal people or the abnormal people. Or any of that. I don't give a crap that much. Because like I said, this was a novelty thing. I brought it back to make a statement. And the statement is, grow up already. Stopping like a bunch of overgrown children in this country. That's the statement. It's a terrible. I don't give a crap. What they're going to do with it. Except let all those assholes out of jail. Those poor bastards out of jail. For in there. In fact, let me just read the first paragraph. Last year, 685,000 people. This is in America. Phil Merowon, industry in this country. It says here represents 50 billion dollar economy from which the government gets zero. Is it that he do that? Oh. Okay. So that's the only message in there. And Maddie, a lesson over there who's the big shot at Wami, he can't get the message. And he says if it because it's in Congress, it doesn't fit in with the show. So in other words, if I want to hear here boring the audience talking every day for four hours about legalization of marijuana, which I'm not going to do, then it would be okay. But because I've got a satirical postcard on my, on my head here, that's too. That he's too stupid to understand that it's not okay because it doesn't fit in. He doesn't understand that it does fit in. That's the point because he doesn't understand the show. He doesn't understand what the show's about. He doesn't understand what I'm all about. He doesn't understand what this town is all about. Always a smart thing to bring in some outsiders from LA or New York or some other place and bring them down here in the put a TV station on here. Oh, yeah, they, they really know where it's at. And see, they thought right away, just like the people at the here, put enough stuff on here in Espanol, put not generation, any a in build wreck, out loud, put all this grease ball stuff on air right away, you know what it's, did it work? No. Generation NIA is in New York. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to say that I went to the arena for an exhibition game. Yes, sir. And I'm a big 285 pound badass and I just want to say that I enjoyed the arena and the game itself. And if people shouldn't complain, they've got a good hockey team down here. And they should just be happy for that and I complain, you know, if they want to complain, they can go rip back down to Miami today. And they shouldn't complain though. Well, I think most of these people were a season ticket holders in Miami, including me. And if you got a new, you got a new arena, are you, when you're able to be, you know, happy, so just to their complaining more and more, would you rather just enjoy being in your new arena? I'm enjoying it, but I'm not going to tell these people don't complain. I mean, the overwhelming majority of these people all have it. I don't think that we got a conspiracy here that everybody's making these stories up about the narrow seats and about the crappy disorganized parking and all the other negatives that they encounter. When you're, when you're asking people to pay that kind of money where they have to practically mortgage the house device, you can take it for a sporting event, they deserve the best. And I closed the atmosphere. I can't wait for the Panthers to play the Maple Leafs. We can get the rematch of Warl versus the Piedon. Okay, great. Okay, Piedon, you'll kick his ass, which by the way, Warl won't fight him, because he doesn't fight real fighters. He only fights. But nevertheless, I like Peter, where all this year you played good in the exhibition season, but he won't fight Piedon. We have an open line and it's just maybe he'll wrestle in the corner like they didn't have one game in the district. I had like a Mexican standoff. 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Tampa, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. If Grinty here you arrive, this one thing QAM's doing right. They have a good real audio stream on the internet. I get the hear you over here in Tampa. Well, just great. Probably like some. You well, maybe so. Of course, I'm home, Staker, Columbus State. I have two questions for you. First of all, how does someone out of town get ahold of your CDs? I call the 9-4-4-0. Like a real holiday. There was nobody on the highway. I loved it. Okay. And since this all went down last week, I was at work. Maybe you may comment on it. But please forgive me. Do you have any comments about the J Core Acquisitions? Do I have any comments about it? It's another tragedy. I mean, Clurge Channel, everything that they put on here is crap. And now that they're going to buy up all the J Core stations, that means that Lardaz Limbaugh and what's the name Dr. Laura? They'll be on every station in America. And it's just a sickness. It's insanity. You're going to have like four or five companies. They're going every radio station in the country, which is bad. But the listeners, it's bad for the people who are working in business. And it's bad business. It sucks. Yeah, you know, they have 9 stations alone over here. They core does. They're going to go off top, go off the top of the up those. And then Clurge Channel, you know, we have a bunch of now. Clurge Channel's got 22 stations in this market. Can you believe that? Yeah. 22 stations in this market. And not one of them is worth the crap by the way. They all suck. I understand they're nicknamed the Chief Channel. That's it. You got it. Okay, my friend. Oh, I'm going to try to get a hold of your time. Why do we want other little piece of radio trivia that you'll enjoy here? Is the people that work at the planet, which is what a fair channel station is. I have it on very good authority. Have been getting their paychecks late. Some of them have been paid for with. And here's this company that just pays four point for a billion dollars to acquire J Core. How do you like that? Oh, well, you know, the more they have, the more they want. Okay, pal. Thank you, pal. Here's an add something. How do you like to be one of those people working over the planet? Can't get a paycheck. And then you're reading the newspaper. Oh, well, we just spent four point for a billion to acquire J Core. Great. How about paying me, huh? No. It's like when they were talking to stupid, very jackass stories here. About when Greg Reid supposedly was going to put 15 million bucks out to buy the Marlin. Oh, give me a break. He couldn't buy Marlins at the fish shop. Much less a piece of the Marlin's baseball team. And all these poor and that was right at the time, by the way, that managed and Rimmer and all other part-time people there couldn't get a paycheck out of these big bulk camper. Months and weeks and the Eons go by. Can anybody get a check out of these vastus? No. We got big money to buy this. Yeah, right. Okay, 145 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in Broward. This group of calls today has been a real fly open. I'll tell you that. And the guy who called that last guy, well, these people shouldn't be complaining. Why not pay that kind of money to go to see a concert, a sporting event, whatever. And this is the day and age in which we live. The owners, the athletes, the executive whoever the hell it is. They're the ones we got to help to pay their salaries because everybody wants an armoured leg. Well, at least entertain us. At least make us comfortable. Even if you're going to put a crappy product out there, at least make us comfortable. That's what I say. That's what I was hoping for expecting maybe like another sub-par year to say the best on the ice. Which who knows at this point, maybe sub-par, but at least it'll be in comfort. At least it'll be luxurious. Won't it? No. Here's Miami. Hello. You sure was born today. Yeah, long buddy. You listen to the whole four hours. Thank you. We have an open line in date, one in Broward. Yeah, of course. This is like a guy who goes into the restaurant. Each nine tenths of the steak and that's his to the waiter. This steak sucks. I'm not paying for it. 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. This show was sensational today. For a Monday, it was spectacular. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted to tell. That was some departure by the way. So what does he know about hockey? Yes, go ahead. Five to one. Fair love, Michelle. Uh-huh. And I had to hold off to George. I'm probably on off your hood before you went out of town. Yeah. Yeah, I'm missing about how. This man's because of you, Neil. You really have to have the spare snow. Nobody else has helped help. As much as you have. Yeah. On other words, basically he was just given another perspective about the man Neil Rodgers. He was sucking up out in here that far. Wait a minute. I would have given him a 63 quarters instead of six and a half. Where anyway, I just wanted to say that this act, what I've been saying all along, I'll call before and say that you're all right. I like to show. And to add to that, you know that bit about all you can eat in the grill. Yeah. I love the last part. You know, you've mentioned about that Friday too. You're after a few minutes. I guess it's 30 seconds or whatever. When Neil Hennew was last and then. Yeah. And then guy was telling the big, you know, what is it man? What is it called? Here's his toe point in part. It's the best. Okay, pal. Okay, love you. See ya. All right, bye-bye. Okay, where were you going? Here's a mobile in Margabe. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, sorry to know you're a nice little girl. First night in the arena, Friday night. I loved it. It was definitely a beautiful arena. Unbelievable. Yeah, the seats are smaller than the other one. That's for sure. And I think how can you have different size seats? Yeah, it definitely was smaller. I mean, the guy in front of me is definitely closer to me. You don't have a mature, or a frontier. And the seats are definitely smaller. I'm a little guy. It's not a big deal, but I'm getting pretty intimate with the guy next to me more than I want. Oh, my gosh. He's like really close. But geez. I think the parking's actually going to get better. I think the problem with the parking was this, it was really poorly organized. Totally organized. Right. I mean, you know, as I turned to a car, I came off Oakland. And there was a one-time-asset turn right for general parking, and there was like the line to the same straight for local traffic. So everybody was trying to go one way. I think one way everybody realizes what entrance they should use in relation to where they're going to be sitting. You know, it should spread everybody out a little bit more, but I felt bad for the parking. It's then when they had to turn everybody away from that one parking lot, because they got full. Yeah. And boy, they just everyone to kill them and you four little kids are going, ah, I don't know what to do. Yeah, that's why they put a poor, a bunch of poor little defenseless kids out there instead of having, you know. I mean, people were just living then they were, and they were very fully so. I mean, it took me 40 minutes to get from Oakland and Flamingo to Park. Oh, but from Oakland Flamingo? I was on Oakland Flamingo at home. I would have just gone home. I'd have turned around and gone home. I couldn't handle it. Move. What are you kidding? You couldn't move. But hopefully, I think we'll get better once they be realized the arrangement to the hours. Yeah, once we do it by four or five of these shows and make sure they understand it with air that the natives are pissed off and not going to put up with it anymore. Maybe that'll get the message of Christ. But I was reading it definitely is beautiful inside and it was great to see hockey at down here again. So, okay. Let's hope we keep winning. Have a great day. Thank you, fine. Here's a lady in candle, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I got morning, my nice to meet you. What is it? I'm talking to you in Sicilian. There's a truth to still you and in Miami. All right. Come on. How are you? Great. Walter Bany. Walter Bany. I'm not going to suffer if you're saying it but Sicilian is in the guy's father. It's true. There is the man on the knee wouldower, which is the black hand. The man on the knee or yes. Okay. I said it in Sicilian. Uh-huh. He was. It doesn't exist, but not all Sicilian turned them up. Otherwise we're going to. I never said I never said that. If all Sicilians were in the mother would be all our slippers in Sicily. By the way, you've been through several times, right? 60 or something. Okay. In its beautiful. I've been there a times of times myself. It's a beautiful country and Sicily is just as beautiful as some of the other places that you've been to. Yeah. You should really make an effort and go. A lyrmau? A lyrmau. It's beautiful. It's got grease, uh, mythology things going on and uh, romance and the Phoenicians and it's a great little island. There's not a lot of crime like they make it stop like they make it sound up north. I think the one place I'm going to avoid those nipples because they. In fact, you notice they're getting ready to make these attacks. These uh, launched these raids on the coast of all. Uh huh. These bombs. Uh, and they're doing it from Naples, which I guess they figure out how not because it's, uh, It's that's all. It's pretty place I've found there before. It's very dirty. Yeah. 30 and a lot of gypsies and tremendous poverty. Yes. I listen. My boyfriend is a big godfather watcher because I'm still in and he wants to learn from the call. I'll also call to by watching this movie, which is not the way to do it, but. Anyways, he wanted me to ask you because I know I'll probably, but I don't really know that well. And guys, father part two, when um, and tangyly goes into that par and there are about to strangle him. Mm-hmm. And they say um, this is from my Coraloni. Yeah. Yeah. My Coraloni that's done, uh, the hit on him. How long had two of these, the same call on the same day? I'm sorry. That's okay. I'm usual. I mean, the odds are astronomical again. It was, uh, that was a, uh, rules that was, uh, to deceive him. Make him think that it was, uh, for my call. I told them they were high and raw. So that they would, he would have a vendetta again. Time and raw. Right. You didn't believe me. He didn't. He wasn't sure that that was the case. Trust me. I trust you. I know. Okay. So go to Sicily. You'll love it. I'll do it. So. Bonaceta. Okay. It's, uh, one 50. He's from the weed. How like the weed weed? I bet. Okay. 156 at 560 WQAM. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I'm a long time, uh, listener at the beginning in a first time call or. All right. Only prefaces by saying I'm a major fan. I own club seats at the Dolphins, the Mowlin. I own just broke dead center seats, which I bought an auction for 35,000 for the eat. Right. And I have six seats in the Emo pants is clubed. That's sent a one and either side of the red line in the second row between the benches. And the eye of only positive things to say I went to the game the other night. The new glass was perfect. No glam. No distortion. Looking through it. The scoreboards. Rumble. We can watch the whole game up there with things you're missing. Corn is goals. Yeah. The seats were fine. I'm a pretty large fellow. The place was like going to a not a Tory. I'm not to a sports thing. It was no crowds. Between. It was a full house. I thought the parking was fine. I have preferred parking. I'm in section 101. I have the preferred parking is right. I have that too. You're in 101. Yeah. Dead stand of the second row between the things six seats in the middle. Right. I think you're in 101. Yes. Yeah. And I've had it some day one. And let me say anybody was knocking that place. Can't be a sports fan. Let's say maybe a 500 pound human being. Okay. That's all I want to say. One of the white seats. Thanks a lot. It's not white. Okay. I'm a little bit tired. But I'm sitting in a company at the, you know, my near rain. I mean, this is like one of paradise. Okay. But I didn't have a good time there. Okay. We got three. Okay. We took a poll today. We had six million 487,000. Two hundred ninety three who said that they hated the place. Oh, hey. And we had three people who said it was great. So what do you think? I wasn't here. So I have no idea. I was there for the one exhibition game. The preferred parking is great. Love the preferred parking. Living real close to their four and a half minutes from Doran door. Great. Leave it early. As always a good idea. I'm a little bit early no matter what's going on in the game. Nobody gets pissed out this year. We make that deal right now. Okay. Anybody that starts that crap, uh, you know, see, uh, whatever it is. I used to say in my section that one asshole. Oh, God. We have a few assholes. Not section or what? Hope you guys are on the other side. Some of you. Oh, yeah. Thanks for coming. Thanks. Like it's your business. Okay. Like these guys own the join. Or like somehow somebody appointed them. Directors of a protocol for like when you can leave it. They're not going to be a social acceptable or politically correct or whatever. I think we ought to be going over to any other of those guys. Thanks for keeping your mouth shut and none of you. Okay. Is it mine you own then business? Okay. So we took our scientific poll. I'm just a shock. I can't believe this. I mean, I knew that there might be just a few minor like. Do you think all these? But the overwhelming number of people are bitterly disappointed. Their seats are too narrow. Some seats are like posted samsize. Evil one guy who had a real tiny back home. He had a squeeze into it with a goddamn shoe horn. But life will go on. You know, we'll look at it. And maybe maybe the team will turn out when we start playing some real teams. Maybe the bad season and the luckers and stay home. So that TV for free. Hey, go first coming up next briefly from 2 to 4 because we got lots and lots and lots and lots of money to make back from those damn Marlin games man. This station lost their ass over a million dollars. We lost in a Marlin. So we got to make back lots and lots of that money. So George can get his bonus before the damn dolphin game. It made it clock tonight.