The QA out, you can hit my rear end. She wasn't mentioned for the prayer little dead. Nobody on she wasn't sure what it meant that he was so high. This is so sad, so sad. She took her on a tour of the old board place And when they were through the other biodecels, they said no one. Oh, London's the Lord. London's the Lord. Okay. She went down a c**k getting away through the realm. She fell through her knees and she swallowed them down. And he said, no one. What was the last time for the whole world? Well, it wasn't lonely, boys, but won't fade. And the little and turn had a terrible past. She was a blow-out. The past was the whole world. The past was the blow-out. She gave cover to me and she fell through the realm. And the little and turn had a terrible past. When he came, he had it in his head. It was so sad. She was saying, really, boy, I gotta take the stairs. And I was not the world, both curious man, but for what I hear. I understand she wasn't going away. You're good, girls, good girl. You're good, girls, good girl. Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Little, oh, what? You see, those are 36 boxes. They were unloading in the big limo yesterday. 36 boxes. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. Big boxes, baby. And now everybody's all hyper-vibrating all of politicians. They're running for cover and they're reports going up to the congress. And but I think, but I would, but I'm up. And it's all the same craft. There's nothing about white water. There's nothing about a file gate. There's nothing about travel gate. They couldn't nail them on anything except coming up and affair with some pitch. That's the whole damn thing. And we got 36 boxes of evidence. And now everybody's in a panic. And a market is down 250, 6 points already. And it's only been open like a half an hour. And then as the x down 52 and dropping like a rock. I told you guys on Monday, don't get sucked into this buying craft. Okay, wait for it. I'm about to get out of about like the doubt. I get down to 500. And then we'll get in there and have some buy. Buying opportunities. And we did a what's your beef. I'm going to tell you right now. Put that damn morning shoulder shame. That's right. We got assholes out there calling here calling this number over here. I have no idea why. I must have taken. We took more calls there from a quarter to ten. Till 10 o'clock. Then we with all day yesterday. And they were great. In fact, we gave away some fried chicken and watermelon to one brother right there. And he's a happy and a figgins lob. Didn't we? In fact, he's charging on his mastercard. Which they turned him down for. Sorry, bro. But it didn't break. Man, we got so much cramped going on here today. We just, we got to say, Barlins getting coming up I guess. Did the mountains lose again last night? Did they blow another lead last night and eight to five lead? They lost nine to eight. Oh my god, doesn't make any difference? Or, by the way. Yesterday, of course, we had a bum steer as usual from Paul Harvey. Junior, a good friend. But he was more accurate than some others. Do you know what I'm saying? He was a little premature. It's been a good for us. Right. Little premature. He's always had that problem. But nevertheless, I mean, all these two press conferences with that duck. That time, smiley thing was in a ward winner. Oh, thanks to us. But that press conference in the Dave Dumb Browsky one, where he signed for five more years, is all of the time you say that he was done John Henry's Fine with Team. It's set up in so on. Oh, say thank God for that. We're excited to tell about that. We are forming it to mouth about that. We're so damn excited. By the way, great job. Great job by new times. Brian Norkross. Height that hurricane. You got to get new times. You got to go out and actually see this. And they've made up a whole bunch of letters to Brian. It says, thanks to Bonnie and Danielle, Brian Norkross. Soapwood is favored weatherman in a catastrophe. Once again managed to muscle his way to center stage. And once there he'd greedily hugged there time like an infosiva patient in an oxygen tent. As his hurricane coverage showed, Norkross still has lost his special talent for breathless panic mongering hyperbally inexplicably, though his view seemed to lap it up. That is what view as he has at the lowest rate of news program in this second tier market. As a random survey of his recent mail revealed, Norkross may be more popular than ever. And then I got a bunch of whole fabricated letters here. The Brian which are beautiful, which I only read you a one to give it a jizz of the matter. Dear Brian, I'm confused. I know from watching your special reports that the safe and human the house during the hurricane is the bathroom. And that for added protection, I should get down in my bathtub. Anybody ever get down in the bathtub? I'll bet. Since tubs are so sturdy, you've suggested I drag my mattress into the bathroom and use it to cover up the top of the tub once I get inside. But I've also heard you say that I can use my tub to stir water because water is like gold after a hurricane. Brian, when the storm hits him, I'm supposed to get into my tub while it's full of water. And if I cover the top of it with a mattress, I'll die ground. I'll ride. There you go. Mr. Histerian, nice going for new times, even though they stole all the ideas for me as usual. I'm just not suitable intellectual enough for them. They don't like me at new times. Do you have them on? What's used to be excess, which is now? What is it, city length? City length? See again? That was totally my pocket. We're down 260 points. Anybody worried about it? No way. Get it way down there, man. Get away that so we can afford to all buy stock. We have got so much crack going on. The most important thing that I'm going to talk about today and listen, don't worry about that stupid phone. Let me just take one, dude. I don't know what you beat, Paul. WQM, what you beat. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? I've got to be. Yeah. Yeah. My beat was a little suck-ass guilty. Yeah. He backed off Hank. I mean, it's pitiful. He did what? That's awful. I mean, Hank, some servicemen do apples. Yeah. And then he's right, oh, you know, Hank, I'm sorry. It's bad, you know, I'm just a little... Pleaseling, that's why. You little twerp. Guilty, you're a twerp. Have you got to come up in his left hand in squash and like a nap? I'm telling you, it's... In fact, guilty is parrifying that. Can I call some of your fishbabs? He's hung like a gilding, yes? Danny, do you miss that, you're too speck. Okay, thanks, sir. Excellent call. I'm sitting there on my throne this morning. Scouring through our two local newspapers is I usually do. Which doesn't take very long. Just long enough to take a good... And that's it. And I came across an article in the 400th part of a 10 million part series that the Herald is their usual ethnic division thing here. And now that they got this Cuban editor of the paper, I mean, it's all we got now. It's Cuba to this and Fidel Latin, but I'll be better, but a book, a fabulous Faniual lucky. So can we talk race and ethnicity in South Florida? This is a fourth and a 10 million part series in which South Florida and which South Florida is in my variety of backgrounds will discuss the impact of race and ethnicity on their lives. And you are not going to believe in your wildest dreams who is featured in this thing today. Anybody remember that great those great old days with any shaper and mark Benson and the Amerisites for day united? Yeah, there you go. The anti-Bilingual days, but we were being inundated with Mary Elygola Aliens here. And we had nothing to do with it. No other control over it. So we tried to do a little something. I say, we because I was involved in it. And I make no apologies for that because I know what it was intended to be. But unfortunately a lot of zealots jumped on a bandwagon, including one Emas the penis, Shira. There is this picture there. He's had it. He says, Emas Shira, help bring about the 1980 referendum that declared English. Miami-Dade Counties Official Language. And this is one of the most incredible homity for either who got a article. I'm so worked up pissed off and fired up about this. I mean, are you ever going to give it a rest? No. The same just people who are obsessed working their entire lives, fighting upstream against the inevitable. No. God. The last paragraph in his article, this is the best. This is the greatest. And he goes on about how he was called names and beaten. And this is what that call day is. Zenophobic is terrible. I asked all of the, oh, we all know. He's an asshole. We know that. You know, Shira. And don't ever call us again. He used to be so chronic on his show. I mean, just chronic. And we can be talking about Mark McGuire, you know, breaking the home of my record. And in a Shira would cause a, yeah, but you know something I bet you that if he was Cuba, and they would have really made a big deal about it. Again, how do you hear already? Just obsessed. In the last, and he says that he tunes into Spanish radio and listens, even though he only knows about 200 words as in Meerdah, which he knows well. He gets the general giz of what they say. They call us Northeamericanos as opposed to regular Americans. He says. And that pisses him off. He's just off and fired up. But the last paragraph, this is the best. He says, when I publish my book, which is a master plan for the re taking of America in Dave County, that's gonna be in there. Oh, it's gonna be in there that my Maurice Fare once said that with it, in 1982, Maurice Fare said, within 10 years, there'll not be a word of English spoken in his town. Well, I think he was right. I don't know what we're just barely under the accounting line. We're just right at the county line. They're close enough to brow into escape. That's right. When you publish your book, it's gonna be called I.M. In his depinus. You call that a peanut? Exactly. Good point. I mean, just one dimensional obsessed, no life, pocket a China, the same old cardcraft. I say we change the language to Yiddish. Oh, the Dayton Brow. That's what I say. Didn't it used to be? Cuts a hoistiness. Yeah, it used to be on the beach to all those foreigners move in. It's a lot of the advertisements. Isn't that great? The God's Grow is out there. Even out of God damn Bill O.S. Oh, sorry, that traffic's piling up bad, because I just said, God damn my highways. And it's just part of the same intolerant mentality. No matter where you go, they want to show it in your post, even though it's a bunch of crap in its ridiculous. I mean, if there was a God, would there be a Ron with a pro-Zack of course not? By the way, Ron, don't ever call here again. We're gonna send a big black guy named Ben with fried chicken and watermelon in your house. In fact, I have a feeling that Ron's got big watermelon in the house instead of seeds inside. It's got prosak tablets in there. We're all the seeds ago. He is the pits. I want to talk to him, by the way, if he calls back, would you know he will? Is that him? No? Come on, Ron. We want to talk to you today, very briefly. Marketing God and hopes of turning it, because he's already called 600 times this morning off the year. In hopes of turning attention to religion and anonymous ad campaign, stimulate straight talk from the man upstairs. Damn God! Come on, Ron, where the hell are you? Let's go. He's the only guy I want to talk to. I got too much crap here. I'll take calls much later, Ron. I got a million things I want to do here, but I want to talk to Ron. Maybe he already blew his brains out. Oh God, you think I am not Ron. We're just kidding, Ron, aren't we? No. See what we want when I agreed to talk to him, he won't call. What a bastard. See how relentless they are, even Ron with the prosak won't call and talk to me. What? Was that him? One moment, please. All right, there he is. How you doing, Ron? I knew I had to. Okay. Hey, I missed you, man. I think I'd go to the prosak post, Ron. No, but you like my letter? Well, if you're letter, you're a letter. My letter. You're a letter? Yeah, a cat's right. You have little cats run around house. No, this is not. You have the right ants run it up and down your legs. No, this is a towel. Uh-huh, just a child. A towel. A towel? Yeah, a towel. A towel? A towel? Yeah. What is it? It's a towel. A towel? Yeah, you take the prosak. You have dog takes prosak too. Have a perky, defeated prosak? No, no, no, no. No, no, no. I just can go and go. No, no, no. You make me laugh. Uh-huh. Well, let me ask you something, Ron. Why do you keep calling your winter? If you ever call us again, we're going to come over there and blow your brains out. Why do you keep insisting on calling us, Ron? We don't want to talk to you. But we don't want to talk to you. Does anybody else talk to you? No. Do you have any friends? Not really. Well, we better talk to you then. Shouldn't we, Ron? Yeah. You have a gun? No. Come on. You're there. Oh, my mom sent me a gun. What is it? It's a 33. Oh, 33. Why do you got a long way to go? I'm 33. Well, 33. Well, happy birthday. Last August. Yeah. Last August. Last. Yeah. Okay. We'll give you a child. Big kids on a poison call us again about two weeks. Okay. I'll let you know when to call. Okay. You do that. You'll grab. Keep listening. I'll let you know when to call. Okay. Only call when I give you the signal. Okay. Ron is between you and us. Okay. Okay. Okay. He's even been this dog pros and I do. Not a bad idea. Got some spare for a little lemon pen. All right. Can I get back to this marketing god thing and stuff with all this other fault. I've got a damn radio show to do here. The man upstairs. It says if you think gridlock on software to roads is reaching biblical proportions. You should see the billboards. God, dammit. Keep using my name in vain. I'll make rush hour longer sign God. It says on sample rodent. What part of thou shalt not didn't you understand? Sign God on interstate 95 and poor Loderdale on i95. That's right. The almighty is talking to you in thousands of other commuters on billboards and buses. All over Broward County is part of a six figure. Slightly a rivernad campaign to get people to turn to religion. The turn to. The idea isn't to preach to people. But the position God is a regular guy. Oh, there we go. And that sexist crap again. God is a guy. Who created woman only is an afterthought so that man would have some somebody to keep my busy with. Oh, I mean, not of the rib. He created man even though George says man's nipples aren't very erotic, but never to less. And there's nothing about a man that sexual is that maybe he's. But other than that, then he created woman out of a rib. Just this sort of man would have some something to keep occupied and somebody to be produced. Which why do you think of that in the beginning by the way? Shouldn't he have known that? Did he create like the male child first and then the female child later on? He created a male and a female all alone. That god, man. He is all screwed up. He's just a regular guy. See. He is a regular guy. He's not perfect. He's got all kinds of problems. He tries. He tries that. And nothing ever goes right. God, Dana. At any rate, the playfully pious plugs went up on nine dual boards. The outside of a hundred buses on the inside of 200 more on September 1st. Will main for three months the price tag. Smith wouldn't say, but the Broward County transit said the bus ads cost about. 36,000 dollars. People are starving to that. This is a sin. Somebody's going to burn out a lake of fire for wasting this money. We got homeless people. We got people starving to this. We got a ran who came to the 40 more. I didn't prosat because he's been at all the way to damn dogs. And they're wasting 36 grand on that. The billboard company out to our system says to make the sign on i95. Cost between 8 and 15 grand a month. That's just for one month. That's just for one sign for one month. So we're talking maybe about when he released for starters. Which is absolutely un-freaking believable. People are starving to that and you're putting up billboards and bus sign that people should be Hock in a China. And not only that, but they're threatening people. That's right. If you take my name and name and vein it's that wrathful God again who keeps getting pissed off. He must listen about morning show. God definitely listen to the morning show because he says. Pistoff. I'm putting here someone say that. Exactly. And he says if you say you take my name and vein or if you like scratch your nose or if you did Around with the end week is if your blow is nose. Huh? Wouldn't that be disgusting? They wouldn't put that on channel. Here until that they wouldn't put that on whammy. While in weekdays God has nose and a very strange place. Looks like a nose. Anybody ever have glasses on there? Well, maybe if they're. Cock-eyed. Oh, geez. I can't believe you said that. There you go. So we got the God billboards. We got God bus signs. We got God all over the God damn place. And if you want to be right traffic is so bad out there. Stop cursing God damn it. Stop all the cursing when you're pleased. And then maybe traffic are like light enough and open up. It's just like when who was it? Moses Abraham, Solomon Joseph, Jehuzaveth, who was it? Moses opened up the red sea. There was one flick of a finger. He went like this and a whole damn thing parted. Give him the high sign. Oh, by the way, speaking of giving the high sign. I'm coming to work this morning and out there on a county line. On a sunny hill road, which is I've dairy and which is also 199. Because in Miami, Dave County, we not only have to have two names for the county, but every street's got to have at least three or four names to keep you confused. To keepiness to penis and Dave County. So we can't get out. And he just locked in. He can't get out. He's fighting in the good fight. He's a fact, maybe. And maybe he'll run off with Ron. What a match made in heaven. That would beiness to penis. But I'm coming to work this morning and there's a school zone up there, which they're going to fly into there. And I want to salute to Miami, Dave, the Metro cops. Okay. Not just because we got that nice letter yesterday. And we saved the business card and kids. We ever get a ticket. We needed it. But because this morning, they're out there. They were under that overpass over the underpass. They were like milling around there. They had an operation going on. That was great. See, I'm not one of these people that's big on all these speed traps. Unless it's in an area where people's behavior is dangerous and average. And that particular area would be bad. It'd be bad. You come virulent through their nurse's school zone. They're going to get them in the middle of the road. They're like all these little kids. You don't try not to get killed crossing the road. And people just come barrel ass in through their way to get their water. Melon and fried chicken, whatever they're on the way to do. And they just come zoom into there. And being the end of the morning, they're all jammed in there. I'm slowing down and they cops look at me. I give them the thumbs up and he gives me one of these. What I can thumb up. Not this one, this one. Damn it. Oh, don't say that. So nice going, guys. See, unlike plantation where they put a speed trap on height is road where there are no sidewalks. There's no pedestrian traffic. There are no houses. There's no nonsense. It's just a speed trap. Where they very low with the ridiculous speed limit. About 35 miles an hour. Like shooting fish in a barrel. So I'm like in plantation where they set up these stupid idiotic speed traps and places where there was no need for them. At least over here, they're doing it in the spot where people deserve to get nailed. Including those assholes who go zooming through. I can't believe those people. I mean, let me ask you this. When you see that everybody is slowed down to 15 miles an hour and you're going 60 and weaving in and out trying to work your way through. Doesn't that ever dawn on you that maybe there's a reason that these people are going so slow? No. No. Oh, you're in a hurry. Oh, I'm sorry. They're in a hurry. They got to get somewhere real fast. Before KFC cuts off that special on those chicken cheddar tenders, whatever that thing is. Those look really good if they didn't have that brooding on the outside. Anyway, it's 10 25. Yeah, I love that chicken with cheddar cheese melted on the inside. 10 25 at Fati. QAM. Oh God. Coming this fall to CBS. It's rest you. 4-1-1. Rest you 4-1-1. Hello. Help help. I got a vibrator stuck in me. Brummer. Where? In the bathroom. No, no, where is it stuck in you? I need an ambulance. Well, what make is the vibrator? I don't know. It's inside me. It's a manual. It's a manual. It's a manual. It's a manual. It's a manual. Oh, let's see. We have a sand Pedro. No, it's a Daniel. Oh, Santa Barbara. That's in the 805 area. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. It's a Daniel. Oh, San Diego. Rucks you. 4-1-1. Quick, turn it on. Blitz, turn it on. Full speed. From CBS. Okay, 10 29 at 5. 60-8. 10 29 at 5. 60-8. The body body is not a salad. I've come as per medical report to death. Board stiff. So, I got to tell you a little bit about this upcoming hockey season. If you want to see this, this isn't even hockey talk necessarily. Because this last season was a really ugly and nasty and divisive experience for me. I've already made up my mind, especially after receiving three psychotic phone calls at home yesterday. But I'm not going to go through that same crap again this year. And especially after hearing Joe Rose this morning, the little dog doing a whole RB's live spot and dedicating to my cheap-ass friend Jeff Rimmer. He did a whole spot this morning talking about what a cheap prick Rimmer is. How do you like that? And I'm the one that gets all agreed for all the phone calls at home. But anyway, before I get into that. All your season ticket holders out there in the beautiful new macarina in Broward, this Saturday has come see your seat day. This Saturday September 12 from noon to four. And I decided since I got my tickets in my parking. Why not go even though I've already seen it? I already put my big fat rectum in my seat. And said, man, this is great. I think I'm going to go over there and see it again. Why not? I think we deserve to go over there and just take a little leak out and look around. I already marked the rate when he's spot there. How you doing, Ray? It's back in time. I steer about that. My hero. But that's going to be great. You're reen as beautiful. Any other stuff that I asked all that old part that called me yesterday that grisseled, miserable, nasty prick that called me yesterday. What a song of dance about. Wow, you know, you're a hypocrite and you're a substance. I'm not subsidizing anybody, okay? And if I could smuggle in my own sodas, I wouldn't spend a couple of bucks for one of Wayne sodas. But I'm doing the best I can. But this company is buying my tickets and I'm a hockey fan and a Lollson's fan. Everybody really hell goes with that. And if you don't like it, stick it up your ass. Okay. Go to Elopwood, Sally. Go to Chicago with Sally. Get out of my face. Get out of my post. You. So I think I'll check that out. And then next Saturday, week from this Saturday, the 19th is going to be a sneak peak hockey fest from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. All day, it's open to anybody who wants to attend its free to all. And then they will feature endless entertainment opportunities towards the entire building, play your autographs, you can shower with Ray Whitney and lots more. I'll be going on a week from this Saturday. So who knows if I might even check that out, but I doubt it. Because I won't be here. But at any rate, getting back to this thing, you know, we had all that device at this. We had the, we had those real pussy there on a morning show and even Joe Rose turned into a real about pansy there at the end of the thing. And it's so stuff. But after that phony controversy with Brian Marie and the coach who's showing off, well, thank god Terry Murray's a smart guy and he's not going to be doing any coach who's showing off the radio. Nice wolf Terry. So we don't have to worry about that. But because I dare to tell the truth about what a dis-what a horrible job it all in the state city made, that made me into the enemy. I was the bad guy. Yes, I did hear the last two minutes of Randy Motorron in this morning. Randy, you're a good guy, but you better go back to Red Deer and finish your education. Okay, get a sense of humor. I mean, yesterday, what did I say about Murray yesterday, I'm not sure that I haven't said before. He's Canadian, he's Jewish and he's cheap, okay? He's cheap. He's a good guy, he's a good friend of mine. But why do I have to get these hysterical calls at home? Especially when everybody else is ripping him and talking about how cheap. And I'm talking about people that don't even like them all that much. Like Joe Rose and default. Oh, yeah. In fact, remember when Tommy yesterday, he was over in the new arena, and default was over there, do a suck at around doing something. And he ran over and said, hi, default, how you doing? And default was stuck for an answer. How do you like that? He said, hey, default, how are you? And default was stuck for an answer. But at any rate, I'm not going to get in the middle of all that crap again. If there are people associated, this hockey organization is the most thin-skinned uptight, everybody associated with it is like on pins and needles every moment. Okay? We know the team's going to be very weak this year. We know that. Don't we? And now they're talking about, oh, Brian's got to make a decision because this potband thing fell through thanks to Mike Smith and Toronto's in asshole, and need him are as got a big mouth, and too much of a pussy to want to go and play in Toronto where they got real fans and all the game. And no real flow to when they see one. So that deal fell through. So now by Saturday, we got to have our goal-tending situation all nail down. Even all Kevin Weeks wants more money that he's ever going to be worth. And we don't have him signed. Please, don't get Sean Burke. I'm begging you guys. I don't want to start off on a sour device, and don't-we don't want Sean Burke. Okay? Just ask his wife, she'll tell you some stories. Brian, why would he have one goal that had little problems there with his wife? He's over in Tampa now. We already had that. But we don't want Sean Burke. He's like a human siv. We've already got the captain jerk to come acclaimed. We don't need two human sivs. But it's going to be fun over there. It's a beautiful arena. I'm going to have a whole different outlook on it this year. I'm just going to go there and have a good time. And I'm going to give my opinions honestly and frankly, and tell you exactly what I see. And if there's anybody out there, it doesn't like it. Too effin' bad. That's my comment. If you're too much of a bunch of pussy's and panties to take honest criticism from somebody who's talking about, that's too bad. That's too bad. And if there's anybody that I know without mentioning any names, we'll also be going to be so thin skin about it. Hey, have a great life. I'll take Feral to dinner, okay? I don't get any lip from her. She's got a sense of humor, okay? Remember, she's got a great sense of humor. And finally, Joe Rose didn't do a whole RV spot about Feral being cheap this morning because she's not. And for a guy that's gotten a new jacuzzi and a new car and spending all kinds of money like it's coming out of a siv, we understand your cheapness only comes when it has to do with buy-in for others. Picking up that check. That's when that CAG kicks in that can be in Alzheimer's. He forgets how to reach for that check. We understand that. That's no problem. Oh, don't talk about me anymore. No, it's okay for a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a whole live spot. I'm telling you, man, if I was the people at RVs, I'd be saying, who the hell is this Rimmer guy? Well, peddling food over here. We're not doing a hockey thing. That's what I would be saying. So if I were Joe Rose, I watched my piece in Q's, okay, because the Rimmer man's going to get pissed off. And you'll be getting calls, Friday calls at home saying, please don't talk about how cheap I am on here anymore. You're cheap, okay, Rimmer. You're a great guy. You're cheap and you're a neurotic and you're a basket case. Maybe it comes from working with a dumb frog to his pot fan. Or for the fact that deep-o didn't want to speak with it, and when you said, hello, he was stuck for an answer. I don't know what to deal with. I have no. I'm not a shrink. I'm not paid to be somebody's persons like Hydras. All those great meals that I buy from my close personal friend. There's, I don't do it just because it'd be a show off. I do it because I enjoy their company. And because I know they're cheap, that's all. And I can afford that. I make a couple of bucks here in there. I got an ice-check this morning. Although the $200 would Joe Costello wasn't in there. I just thought I would mention that one more time. See, anything that's like outside the ordinary, that's not in the system. That's the excuse they make. Oh, well, that's, you know, we got to send that over to the West Coast, and they got to a pass you'd by Boophus, and he's got a Boophus, which one of the beesleases that? I guess anyone that you pick, anyone that's around at the moment is Boophus and Boophus. That's the bee-y-boy's, baby. Well, they don't have a sense of humor. Two effin' bad, okay? I'm makin' them a lot of goddamn money, and they'll take all the grief I can dish out and then some, because they deserve it. See, one thing about me, I don't exaggerate in a very least. I've probably a 10 million times if it's one thing about me, I don't exaggerate. 40 million times, I've told you. And I'm gonna tell you one other thing, since I'm so pissed off and fired up here this morning and worked up to a frenzy, and I'm only gettin' goin', believe me. I'm loaded with lots and lots of good stuff today. Today is today, I come out with all the good crap. That's right. It's absolutely unconscionable, the kind of garbage that comes in from the colors. I've said this before, I'll say it again. These knowledgeable sports colors on this station. Yesterday, I'm listening to Hank Goan, home and by the way, nice job, Hank goes what's going on. Kill the first half hour would need there, butchering that Don Smiley press conference, which we did a great job, thank you. It was hysterical. And then I heard Sunny Hersh was on there over at Chulos with Hank for a while, and then he had Ralph Halk on a phone to interview with Ralph Halk about that 61 season. It was great. Forget about the goddamn colors. How many colors have we gotten this market like, one or two? That's it. I mean, real colors I'm talkin' about. Not these other phony baloney's sucking up for something for free. And here's some punk calling in there who's like about 20 years old, maybe at best, who's still waiting for his other testicle to descend, probably related to guilty. And he's given us seven articles, Hank was asking his Roger Maris belong in a hall of fame. And by the way, I agree with you, Hank. We do often disagree on things, but on this one case, Hank is right. He's no prolonging the hall of fame. He had one gigantic year. If you're the hall of fame is determined, membership in his determined by heaven, one great-the-requer. Then he belongs in a hall of fame. But that's not what it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be about career accomplishment is what it is. Roger Maris was not a great baseball player. He was a good player. He had some good years and one great season. But you can have an opinion on that, whatever it might be. But when you're a little 18 or 20-year-old punk, who wasn't even born, would Roger Maris was playing. What's out of you know what you're talkin' about? And some punk calls in. All of Roger Maris did this and he and even what he's talkin' about. He wouldn't know Roger Maris if he came back from the dead right now and walked into his house and and fixed lap tomorrow to cross the pussy. He wouldn't know Roger Maris. And that's what we got. Like, y'all are getting on there. Wasting all enthusiasm and emotional about Bobby Thompson's home run in the playoffs in 1951 that won the pen and for the Giants. I got news for it. Y'all wouldn't know Russ Hodges from Gil Hodges from Russell Wases. Okay? That's what y'all know about Bobby Thompson. So all these people with a big mouth, it's easy to have an opinion. Like assholes, everybody's got one. Like nose and everybody's got a nose. Some bigger than others. But for crying out loud, at least have some idea what you're talkin' about. I know try to be an expert on stuff that happened years before you even born. I'll do a little pip squeaks out there. Roger Maris, yeah, right. Good player. Not a great player, does not belong in a whole of fam. But I stick to the criminals again this year. Join Jean Decker-Hoff for the play by play right here. Saturday, the name. Every, every, every, every. Do you have body guards? Well, you just don't feel comfortable having them around anymore, because you're involved in a lot of healing, like,ivity and some day, their testimony could be used against you in a court of law. Of course, we all have that fear. That's why the makers of the real doll have created the one and only real guard. They, it looks and feels like a real bodyguard. And even packs he day back, or I shoot. The important difference is though that this bodyguard can't be subpoenaed into a court of law. I saw nothing. I am only here to protect. You can sell drugs, my illegal arms, laundry money, or even do the nasty in the old aloftest. These guys won't ever say a thing. What? The real guard. Look for demonstration models on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue coming soon. I'll bet. Okay, at 17, before 11 at 5. 6, to QA, and we got, Tom is going to be doing the talking baseball to, how do you like that? Tom is going to be doing talking to me talking baseball. And then we got the Marlins and Iraqis as they try for a clean sweep. The Bull another leading losing other game. They're getting real close to 100 now. They're getting close. We got John Henry's going to salvage the whole deal. He's going to buy the team Dave Dumbrauski's, they're sticking around for another five years. And maybe there's hope at the end of the tunnel for you baseball fans all ten of you. And speaking of the president in these 36 boxes, which I'm sure not going to get bogged down now day after day, you want to know why everybody's full minute to them out now. Because even there's no white water, there's no travel gate, there's no file gate. And all those 36 boxes from the best information we got so far in there, leaking like crazy like a suit. It's all about Monica Lewinsky and blow jobs and cover ups and online uh, etc. and so on and a polygraphic details in it. Now let me ask you this question. If Ken Star wasn't politically motivated, if he wasn't a puppet of the right wing and Richard Melon's cape and all of these other right wing fanatics and Gary Bowren, all of these other Nazis. Then why in the world would it make any, well, how what relevance is there? What positions they were doing and what she did with that cigar? And so on, except to appeal to the pre-reporient interest and paranoia of the American public, which if we appeal to the pre-reeneratorist of the public here on a radio-run television right away, the FCC comes in and they start getting psychotic. But if the special investigators are appealing to the pre-reeneratorist of the public, I mean, there is every wild story that this, and let me say it again, what kind of a woman goes into a congressional, which is going to become a congressional inquiry now? So the special investigator to testify in Washington, D.C. and goes into graphic detail about how she was masturbating with a president cigar and doing this and sticking to say, what is what kind of a bitch is that? That goes in there and has to go into a every graphic detail under the sun, which is why the politicians are squirming like crazy. That's the American fucking way. Exactly, you said it. You said it best. That is the American F. and W. That everybody's got to be all psychotic in the nervous because now it's not something isolated or something, you know, just intangible. It's now something so graphic and real that you're almost smelling. Oh, God. You can almost smell it because we got to go through all the graphic details because the whole deal here is to humiliate and degrade. And have we heard one more word about Dan Burton of Indiana? No. And about that illegitimate kid that he thought that we heard one more word about it? Is there anybody's Wolfgang Blitzer talking about that? No. No. No. We don't hear nothing about that. And Newt Gingrich, you notice how he is real. He was at that meeting yesterday and he's real quiet. He is mom. Because he's another one. I like the oral sex because then he can say that he didn't sleep with the bitch. So he and the El Presidente are like, uh, buds. There is Titus A. A. Snared Romos, too. Because their favorite topic is talking about, See, that's it. Just like Vernon Jordan. And what had a sexual guys don't hang around talking about. See, all the time. Just like when I came into work here every single morning, George and Fat Jo and the other woman, what are they talking about? See, every single day. And I'm sitting here. Oh, God is this boring man. Every day it's. See, see, every single day. Yeah, but if we were talking about the other one. No, I wouldn't have been legally spit interested. Talk is cheap, okay, Mr. Uh-huh. That's what I told Rob. He ran out a lot of here. And he didn't write, kind of, floated out. Is what he did. Oh, what are we going to do about poor Rob? He went out and got fitted for lead weights, yet that he didn't still them to help. Hey, Stephanie, we understand what's going on. 13, before 11 at 5.60, W.C. I'm going to give back to this ennis to Pina Shira thing. This can we talk the erase in ethnicity, which never goes away with somebody's people. Talk about beating a goddamn dead horse. Even Mark Auburn at Pompano Park never beat a dead horse this much. I'll tell you that. God. Retiree ennis Shira is a short way of hobby is to communicate with people all over the world, a non-Hispanic white of Italian, German Irish descent. He's also co-founder and vice president of Citizens of Dade United. He goes on to say, I mean, this is world worth listening to, okay, because these are the ramblings of man who is obsessed. Obsessed. And there's still a segment of assholes out there that this is the number one topic. They will never ever let this go. You're not going to change. Not going to change if you don't like it in Dade County. You want most of the rest of us with a brain did. We moved to Broward. We moved to Boko. We moved to somewhere we liked it better. That's all. It's not going to change. He goes on to talk about how he moved to Miami from Pennsylvania, 1936, what he was just a kid. His father was a plumber of this. And that he says, I had never been in politics. I used to hate it. My wife was worried in one part of me wanted to stay away. Only reason I got in. Things got so insane. So out of whack and so ass backwards. He says to the point that I'd had it. Somebody had to take the reins. Was I a damn American or a mouse he asked? If you ever met this guy, you'd have no problem answering that question, by the way. Even Mickey Mouse is blushing from here and at the comparison. It's not that I don't like Cubans. He says, not that I don't like Cubans. It's the principle. What some of them are trying to pull. The trigger for me was I'd had. And we know what they like to pull. The trigger for me was I had enough of people trying to in instigate the Cuban country right inside. How do you like that? instigate the Cuban country right inside of the county on my American soil? What? Exactly. I got English. Get you a dictionary. I thought you're the guy who's an expert on English. Inestipinus. instigate the. What is that? God. I went all the way with the Marine Corps during World War Two to fight the Japanese. Not came home and had my own country. My own city taken away from me as the lie was the foreigner. I like foreigner, by the way. The official English ordinance went on the books of Amber 4th, 1980. It passed with 251,000 votes. 60% of the county voted for it. How the hell can 60% of the county be bigots, xenophobes and racists? I thought 60% of the county was been animal people, isn't it? Uh-huh. We ran our hero that on February 20th, 1981. George Washington's birthday. It said citizens of the United States, who they protest against illegal aliens, crime and bilingual operation of government. Who could be against that unless you're a lunatic he acts. But in a three day period we received 163 threats. One told the president of our organization, I will mow you in half with my machine gun. I burned the label. Son of a bitch, anti-cuban xenophobic hysterical. Several times this is what they were called. I don't think he's several times we marched on immigration and naturalization service building and received threats there. I was attacked once. There were protesters trying to block the deportation of Orlando Bosch. The anti-caster activists convicted Nivellet said it in so on. There were about 12 hunger strikers down on a flag risked written support of Bosch staying there. I went down to make a video tape and they attacked me. Three men beat me up on a sidewalk. They jumped me. One guy got me by the neck is they tried to rip the camera away. That was July 4th, 1989. Independence Day. This already read, but it's worth repeating again. Listen very carefully. Open up your ears. I'll scroll down and repeat. It says I tune in Spanish radio and listen even though I know only about 200 words. I get the general gist of what they say. They call us Northeamericanos as opposed to regular Americans. I know a lot of regular Americans. They use Duquelax. It says, I keep a clipping from the Los Angeles times in my wallet. This is what it says. On one side of the debate are some Latino politicians like former Miami or Maris Parade who told the Tampa Tribune in 1982 that with 10 years there wouldn't be a word of English spoken. English is not Miami's official language. One day residents will learn Spanish or leave. And they're quote from the Anxious Maris Parade. When I publish my books as Inis the penis, which is a master plan for the re-taking of American date county, that's going to be in there. There you go. As Inis the penis wants to take back date counter. Anybody want it? No, you can have it. I don't want it. Is that it? Is this incredible? I mean, you talk about a man who's living just in lockstep with himself. This man refuses to graduate from this mentality. Fossils who were meant for each other. And there were certainly a time back during those ugly nasty crime-written days of the Mariel, but when we had bodies strewn all over Dixie Highway and everywhere else, there was a time when people had a right to be upset. But you know something here, it's now almost 20 years later. And this man is still singing a same old-scale tune. And the Harold feels the need to put this crap in there. Like we don't know about Mark Benson and Inis Shira and Amy Shaper and all these other zealots. Who just keep hawking away screaming? Oh, not that I don't like Cubans. No, we know you love everybody. There's no question about that. Inis you're just a great enlightened guy. Who could you use a little education in linguistics? He needs a little help with that kind of linguistics. They're trying to instigate the Cuban country right inside. Huh? They're instigating. Learning was huge. Yeah, learning is speaking was okay. That do not be correct, Mr. Take ten steps back and do not pass. Go, you lose. Right. So there you go. We have an open line in date, one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I have a long, long negative facts here. Which I'm not going to, you know, I learned my lesson yesterday. In fact, I noticed that the nationwide ratings for the Mark McWyer 60 second home run at Cardinals and comes getting the other night tonight to go. Nationwide, rating was about double what it was here in town. Yeah. What are you shaking your head about? I'm just trying to tell you that locally here, the interest is minimal. It's compared to the rest of the civilized country because sports are not into. It's not some people here care about other than hockey, of course. So here's a long, and this guy from Carolina Mountain Water. Another one of these chronic factions like that pierce lay he guy. Just like we have chronic colors, we also as you know, have chronic factors. The guy that wets with little squiggly writing and Andy from Hollywood who's in both categories, by the way. And in this guy who writes me a long, song that it's about how he doesn't give a crap and he's 40 years old and he was in every day baseball fan. But to be put, but right now on and on paragraph after paragraph a long lengthy type written letter about baby Ruth and Roger Maris and others who were the real heroes of this game and he don't give a crap about this big ox Mark McWyer. What does he call him? We're in hell as it. This, it's here somewhere. Come on, we're in hell as it. This is so cool some good time. I'll look for it. Well, again, so much guy damn stuff in here. Oh, there you go. The traffic's all screwed up again. You said it again. I'll get to that eventually. Let's get rid of this Miami call first because you got 10 questions, Mark. Hello. I got from beef. Yeah. The dolphin. Yeah, huh. Okay. Like I said, little Julios. You know, something I think he knows she got a point. I'm so tary sick and tary little Julios who have nothing to say. They all sound the same. They smell the same. They look the same. They got the same cheese. That same pecorino cheese. Two open lines of day county. Let's talk to some anglo's in day county today. Like, he is the penis, Jera. Who want to take day county back. That's right. Let's start Hawking at. Because this little spick there. He just crossed my ass a little bit. He's starting to push me back onto the other side. There were my good friend, Ena's. But my close personal friend, Ena's slaughtered. The penis, Jera. Two open lines of day five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six, eight. Five, six. On the AT&T Line. Here's Coral Gable. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I want to call in about the, Mark McOye and love fest. You're having a thing? Yeah. Right. I think you got a great baseball player decent guy. Yeah, I was fat, I was fat, but I'd be poor. But he goes ahead and nominating him for a Sainthood, you know, and gushing about what a great class act he was and all that. Yeah. He was keep in mind that right after he did that. Yes. He went ahead with that class commercial endorsement for Disney right there. I'm a thing. Go what about us? So what does that mean? Is this guy not entitled to all these other guys do the same thing? Why should he be different from anybody else? Well, it would be wrong. It's a such a pure wonder from the movie. No, we didn't say that at all. Nothing has pure about sports anymore, or about America. It's all about business. Well, you may not have been other colors and people like to be in the paper. I don't care. Most of the colors we had were hostile and negative and hated it. Well, I panic about it. Well, I don't understand what people are criticizing somebody you might catch the ball and sell it. I think let me say it to you again. I'm not criticizing people who would sell the ball. I'm criticizing people who are knocking those kids who didn't want any money for the ball because the kids weren't that materialistic. They just wanted to autograph whatever they wanted. Then they're criticizing them. It's up to the individual. If you wanted to try to sell it for five million bucks if you caught it, which you did not, but if you did, that's up to you. That's your business. But why don't they help not little kids because that's not their value? No, it's not not a little kid. Well, what I'm supposed to do, tell little kids that the only thing in the that counts as money is that is that's something good that we ought to be teaching. Stuck in kids. That's precisely what he's doing when he does that. That exploits the throw. It's worth it. Oh, I can get out of here. Go load out your ass. So all he's doing is making into a commercial thing. You think they had a thing out there at Bush State and it's a big Mac land with a big Mac thing on it. They don't have that out there. Do they? Oh, they do. We have two open lines a day. I don't want to talk about Mark McWyer anymore. I'm trying to talk about it yesterday. I'm sick and tearing her all these negative people. Try to take something that I enjoyed very much. It was just a short breath of fresh air for a few minutes, two nights ago. And if you didn't like it, fine. And if you want to knock it, call somebody else and knock it. I don't want to hear about it. Don't send me faxes with it. At a time when we got all this with a world economy is going to hell on a hand basket. The president's on the verge of impeachment hearings. Every other day, you got a guy in the guy in plantation to win in there and shot the hell. That was a pleasant story. Shot the wife of eight million times, carrying the baby no less. Right in front of a school bus full of school kids, they went back in a house and the house got on fire and he's like, they find a body inside. Very pleasant story. Everything you see in the news, we got playing crack, playing crack over the end place. All kinds of negativity. We have one night of the year. When we finally have something we can be of them, I'm not saying it's the beginning and it's not all the important. It was just fun for those of us who cared about it. That's all. Oh no, we don't want any fun. OK, good. You'll be just stick around to your life, pal. You'll be perfect. Good cemetery, build a geofidden like a rubber glove. Oh, man, this, these people are enough to make me sit back and stick a big stoke in my pussy. From our friends and next to guys, George is puffin' on one run to A.M. But Neil Roger Hale. You'll look for the glory home. So I was in bed the other day and his earthquake started in the bed broken. My inflatable doll, her electrical jaw started out in a luchicin' and my yonawat. Then she popped and started flying all over the place. It was terrible. Good thing I butter with my pretty bank visa card because the next state of visa card guy comes cleansed a vestling up the walls and buys me a new love doll. This one's cuter than the last one's cool. Not just visa, pretty bank visa. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. It's one, no, two, five. Something, OK, it gets really old. The luchan is jumping up and down, put another one over memos out and said, you bastards better get with it or you're out to door, you're out on your ass. Gary Sarner be a number one. For he just, I'm going to tell you, seriously. The word you look up towards slippery in the dictionary, you'll see his post right next to it. Slippery, devious, dangerous. That's right. We want some copy, we want some stuff, we want some of those client feedbacks that we were supposed to be getting on a regular basis. So we know what those going on out there. This isn't the show where we just come in here and fake our way through the spots and pretend. I mean, we got some damn important stuff going on in the show. But it's new, we could rent a program. Now it gives you a choice of awards. Oh yeah, that's right, like that. That's right. We really care about our clients here. Don't we? No, well, we pretend. Man, I'm Tonyan, Sturgis, Michigan. There was a much more conscientious approach to business than there is an this joint. Of course, you know where it starts, right there at the top, right Greg? Right? I'm going to tell you that. I haven't seen him in a while. Thank God, no wonder I'm feeling so good. If you're feeling pretty good, why not two A-M? Well, it's pot, not good. It's great. Okay, 1214 and 5th. You can just show the British tabloids, the headlines splashing those crazy Brit's Clinton's last hours. First of all, what they don't understand, unless they figure he's going to resign, which I seriously doubt, impeachment process takes weeks and months. And impeachment of a president, which a lot of people out there are too stupid to understand doesn't mean that they're getting rid of a means that they're hearing. That's an impeachment process if you're convicted then they will see a. They don't get that. Oh, he's being impeached. Well, we'll see. We'll see. I have a feeling that Newton, a lot of those other guys would just assume, hey, let's apologize, let's move right on because we don't want everybody to know about what we're doing and who we're doing. We have an open line of day to two in Broward, 560, 50560 and Pomp560 on the AT&T line. Mobile and Plantation. Hello. Hey, yo. Yes. Did you get the love letter from Richard Simmons in your PO box? Well, that was cute, yeah. Uh-huh. Thank you so much. Somasso from a wins. Well, what would that have been? That would be a wins. That Richard Simmons probably said their IOD. Yeah. Wasn't in my PO box either, by the way, asshole? We have a one line left on the board. How do you like that? Two open lines in date and get somebody found it all pictulated around one of the other stations. And by the way, how about spelling my name, right, asshole? You a little bit, jerk. Oh, that's why you're working over there. 560, 0560, Pomp560 on the AT&T, what a line. You're going to see if he has one something with a mobile phone. Oh, my God, my God, he's going to make a thing. He's catching, I mean, I know he's into a lot of phone and body parts. He's attaching a buffalo penis. I thought this was very funny to me. Yeah. Okay, well, we'll check it out. Thank you for the good news. Okay, we have two open lines in date, one in Broward, 560, 50560 and Pomp560 on the AT&T, you will people are dead at an endornial. I said here like the Holomus, the whole first hour, whipped up about all those different stuff and you know something as usual. It makes no difference. These people are still as mama's solanas a dead man as a corpse. And she's talking about eggplants and why do I do who that love is? Is doing something with buffalo penises. Well, I hope he has a good time. I mean, what else you're going to do up there in Buffalo? Here's Davy, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was going today. Okay. Drop it like a rock. 230. 230, okay. 250, 250. It's still get there. It went to deal, I noticed not a sports show, but they could get any type of legitimate gold tender for August 9, October 9. No. So we have a nice little arena and so she's out there. Well, let me ask you something. We said the gold tender, who out do we have any new players on a team this year? No. Then those kids who might or might not make the squad, we did we acquire one player for many other team in the league in the offseason? No. One, even just one. No. Well, if we get Wayne out of the Panthers next, we'll be okay. And I hate a little bit. It's not going to salvage this next season. I know. I hope you're not expecting too much because it's going to be more the same. I'm afraid only worse because I go. And then I love the fact that they're saying, well, if we go ahead and acquire Sean Burke or somebody else by Saturday, then we're going to be satisfied to start with the Captain Jerk McLean and Kevin Weekson. Kevin Weekson, even signed yet, but even assuming that they do sign them, I mean, is there anybody who believes that that's going to be the kind of goal-tending that this team is going to win with? No. Nobody in the right mind believes that. We're going to be, you know, the three of that. That's right. Well, so like I said, just plan out and join the New Arena and don't expect too much. Hey, well, I watched George West fight on 10 30 or 9 30 whatever. 10 30, yeah. You know, the way his eyes are, what's with that? Meaning what? I don't know. Right. I want on the side of his nose. That extra chromosome has me a little Darren. Uh-huh. Yeah. But it was a good show. Long time to enjoy it. One line open and brown and all of day to get. This is just work work work. I mean, am I supposed to come in to actually work to make these people speak? Is that what this is all about? I mean, get serious. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Newspapers are splashing their Senator Robert Bird at Old Far from West Virginia up there on the Chinatown. A body made his bed and they got laden and there's something whatever he said. And these people are not going to say about the presidents on a verge of getting his ass thrown out, even almost to the people think this is a bunch of crap. And these people are not going to say about that either. About anything. They're pissed off about Mark McWyer. He ain't exactly what they want them to be. They don't give a crap about that. They know that done smiley's a butt plug. They got nothing with anything. Last call for calls here today. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Can't see what these people are. Can't see what they're doing. I'm doing music. Newformad, baby. Wait for George Plays' favorite music when he's doing a show. I'm going to bring the goddamn beef. You know, cut the crap. I mean, seriously, what kind of a place is this where you have to keep jumpstarting and jumping on these people and hitting them with a goddamn tube. The audience has become a reflection of what I was talking about before with this radio station. We have to keep whack and people over there to get them to do their job. To get them to get off the dime. Because we've got not just weak management. We have no management. We have just lame management. Lame. We just kind of sit back and hope everything evolves. These are the luckiest guy dead people on the face of the earth. I'll tell you that. They think everything happens via our smoses. They just sit back uninvolved totally oblivious. Do we even have a schedule for this week up on the back wall there? No. We've got a program director's in Lallalland somewhere getting that Roman haircut all done up right? Man. And this town, I mean, it's like a mirror. It's like a chicken in the egg question, which came first? Here's Hialia. Hello. Yes, sir? A couple of quick things. George was very good last night. I thought on what he was the best. And he did that. I think he ought to start doing a show for a few weeks starting tomorrow. No, but he started a 1230. He did make some good point saying did demonstrate why he was really a god. And he talked about a broadcast as broadcaster. And I remember, Keterri, always used to talk about you as being the best of the day. He was very. I was he know about this. And he could be worse as part of program director. Keterri could be your program director. Yeah, right. Be thankful for that. You're right. I am my hand. Dangerous. I mean, don't at least ain't dangerous because he's homeless. You didn't even see him. But he knows what he's doing. He doesn't know what he doesn't know, right? I have him at hand in Ovalau. They got back from the post office or US Postal Service. Yeah. I got it back on the third. Actually, I got on the fourth. It's marked for the third. Did we return to me? You know what? First of the address, can't be found. You know what? I nailed it. It's a staff down here. Me. Yeah. Which year? Four months. Oh, I didn't think of that. This year? How about that later that took 22 years to get to somebody in Hoboken, New Jersey, or Perth, and Boat New Jersey? Twenty-two years ago, somebody mail it to just showed up. And it was probably, it's doing post did you something? You knew. Probably, when the guy's credit was probably, I never paid a guy damn bill. I'll tell you one good thing that happened with my box now and other stuff. Never had one single solitary bill at I missed. Thank God. Thank the Lord for that. And then thank the postal service. Yeah, they're the best. I slept over there yesterday in the way home before I finally got my pint of fish food because I couldn't take it anymore. Stopped my postal box. Do you know how many letters went there? I'm like. One. And we don't have to go the throw away thing. We just throw away pizza class. Well, maybe it post the service to studio, favorite. Throwing out the garbage mail just send you the good stuff. Or maybe, well, you know, it's interesting because they only forward first class mail. You're right about that. I'm not getting into the volume. I was getting me for it. Thank you so much. I love the post office. You did come up with a man. All new people that are tired of getting your post all your mail box loaded with crap just to a forwarding address. It'll take you like six months to get your mail. But at least that way you'll get you rid all that second and third class directly shoving there. Tell me how we get the good stuff. Right. So my local public is at a fish. He has been for a week. Is there a back order or something? I don't know. You can get their Walgreens. I got a prank from my friend Marcie at Walgreens Corner sunrise and not he'll yesterday. I didn't know that. There you go. And you're also getting mobile on Flamingo Road down there by $5.95. I know all the spots. I have a good time. I know all the fish food spots. And you know something. I don't have any regrets about having that kind of fish food yesterday. I'm pretty glad they're happy about it. I'll blow it out your ass fat Joe. You swab. You pig. You disgusting. Creepy new. There's never something to be athletes. Stay cretin. We have an open line in Broward. 5.6705. 60 and Pomp 5. 60. That's what Ena Sheris says. He says you're instigating your cretin in my. Something. That's what in my perfect. Oh, he is a cretin. Not that of this. If you ever saw him, he looks like the Wizard of Menlo Park on a bad day. Here's a lady mobile in the bus pombie. Chill. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? We need a lot more ladies out there. A lot more bubbly people like this lady out there. It sounds like a living and breathing person. I am. And you know what I'm talking about buffalo penises. Oh, please. Wasn't that beautiful? Yeah. Well, I am fired up. I'm not going to believe the bumper stick right. It's soft. Yeah. And I have one of the stupid little Jesus fish eating a Darwin fish and it said only the survival of the forgiven. Oh, there's an opportunity. People are taking over. I'm genuinely frightened. Yeah. It's no scary. And they're drumming a guy being president out there because he was screwing around a little bit. It was they're all doing their drum and his ass out of these people. I got nothing to say about it. They couldn't care less. They were oblivious. They're basically called their stock broker screaming cell and a panic. Uh, he leaves the president like little girl and said a little boy. Well, there you go. Oh, well, I just had a con tell you about that. I've had it. Okay. I have a good day. I have a good day. I have a good day. I have a good day. I have an open line of day two and a broad word five six seven five six eight pound five six the only 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. This is Hector. Yeah. I am a Cuban born. Uh-huh. Okay. Raisin Jamaica. And I'm going to be a good day. Raisin Jamaica. Yeah. From South Africa by waves I hear. Hey, listen. Uh, I have a thing I need to ask you advice on. Yeah. I have 11 each. Buzuka. I don't call Dr. Laura. She'll tell you. Okay. We have two open lines in day one and a broad word five six seven. Oh five six the and pump five six the only 18 T wireless line 12 25 a Q a M and let me tell you again. A 2 A M. Show me here is I'll show you my. Move over Oprah. You go again. You too, Adam. Jamaica. You've done it wrong, huh? But I forgive you. Channel 69 is hosting Monek into our studios. Geez. Geez, bad. Geez, sassy. It's nice. But she's really funny. In fact, it's kind of sad really to watch another self-hating fat girls slowly eat herself today. That anyway, Channel 69. Bradley presents Monek. Brought to you by a shopping mall named after a brown Toyota. Hey, man. This is banking. I'm like the skin head program director of Wemi. You know, the guy has a superiority complex and wears ridiculous long, broad short pants. I shaved my head. You know, I get like a man's and tattoo on the forehead. Well, I'd like to welcome Monek to our stellar line up here at Wemi. And we'll continue to do our best to pander to the Hispanic community in English. You know, and do stuff that only we think is cool, man. Hey, Barry. Thanks for the job, man. But let the record show that I'm a straight guy. That one time with you, I wasn't so bad. I guess it tasted okay. Trump 30 at 560 WQM. There's an open line in date. If you move quickly. So what did she say, Steve Kain is attaching a buffalo penis? Wow, he must really be desperate. I punched over to him this morning because I was really frantically diving around the dial. After I heard Joe Rose do that spot on R.B. ripping Jeff Rimmer for the whole spot. How about Thomas about the food, Joe? OK, they're paying for his spot. Not for some attack on Jeff Rimmer. My close personal friend, free loader. So I'm punching all over the place. And I did hear John Ford with that thin bed on it. Oh, that must be who that was before. Maybe they were rummaging around the old boxes over there and found that thing. I just going to say, oh, yeah, that's really it's camp. It's going to be great. Just like when Pete Bulger told me about that great broad they were, yeah, she's a broad. So how's Bablin Brook doing lately? Anybody seen her lately? How's your show doing? What time is he on? And how much are you guys making over there under our queer channel? I'm going to tell you, I hear people tell me inside spies that queer channel are 100 times worse than packs that are dreamed about being. They make packs and look like a, like the good Will Samiratin of all time. But hey, that's what it goes. All your clear channel people, what can I tell you? That's what our business has become. Just keep sucking your way up that corporate ladder Pete Bulger, you jackass. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, I'm Coleneo. Yes, sir. Where did President Clinton and Monica with Keith supposedly, uh, did a third deed? What did he supposedly in the limousine and all over the house in the Lincoln bedroom? What do you think of him? What? What's with it? What do you think of what state was it? And it was in no state. It was washing the D.C. OK, that's those trees because I was just curious. I don't know what he means. What state was it in washing and it's not in any state? Right. But I was just curious if, uh, oral sex was illegal there. Is illegal? Yeah, can you know how some state said it? No, that's not what he said. That's not what the problem is. The problem is that he allegedly tortured himself in a Paula Jones, uh, in a white model here. And then that I'm waiting for the party obstructed justice by covering all this crap up as if anybody cares. I'm just waiting for the pain has to come out even further and have somebody jump off. I think you're going to be talking about Mary and Barry doing drugs and Washington too, sir. That's OK. Uh, the other thing I want him back, they liked him. OK. The other question I wanted to bring up to you. He had the same problem that Monica had. He had a little crack problem. Did you see the, uh, the University of Chicago professor that's going to clone himself? Yes. That's kind of interesting. Uh, I mean, I was curious what you, what you thought about that. I think that, uh, if people are going to clone themselves, I should be the one who picks out who does it. Have a great day. The million leaves me go. There you go. And I made that. Forget about Luis. How about in Reke? Now, you may not like the way he sings George, but you go to admit, even a relentless spick like you've got to admit he is pretty. He's party. And he's got a new CD coming out, which you'll have within minutes. Oh, I love Enrique. How do you know that? Because I'm psychic. Somebody called you and said we're bringing a new autograph CD over from your good friend and Enrique. Yes. We're giving a lot of publicity, baby. That's right. Squeeze that old honker. Oh, man. Squeeze that hose. A nose. Woo. Yeah, I got my hand on Enrique's hose right now. I'm squeezing it as tight as, oh, oh, gee, sorry. Scored score. Get you a towel, sweetheart. OK. We have two open lines in date and one in the Broward. Five L by the way, that TV show on Wemi, which I'm sure this part of it on. That thing is the biggest bomb since the jab Scotted. I am Tony. That thing is going over like Halivah and the North Pole. Just ain't happening. And Rob Kaplan yesterday. Oh, yeah. He manages getting two isn't three. So where we to go? Yeah, right. We get fractions and ones every single day, even out loud. Good. Did that. We just can't cut it on there. I mean, I hate to break the news to you guys. We're solid through November 25th. And then the nice knowing it. Two open lines in date, County 1 in Broward. Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60. I mean, we can't even get calls here on a guy named Radio Show. We're going to make an impact on television. What is this thing? Give me a break. I'm working on a pump and I'm screaming on. You all still don't do any good. And in fact, didn't we just have everyone who's lit up like this? As soon as I went to that last call, it's like they're doing me a favor. Like they're doing me a favor to take their guy damn right to pick up the phone and say something. They just don't care anymore. And this is a dying. The whole game is dead. This whole deal is dead as a normal. So we're going to have to do like all the other shows do. We'll talk to George. We'll talk, bring in a bunch of people. Sit about talk to each other. And we'll pretend that we're doing the show which is supposed to be, which is not what it's supposed to be all about. Because we have a bunch of dead heads out there. Just like everything else in this guy damn town, who want to sit back and take. They don't want to contribute. They have nothing to say, whether it's serious humor or anything in between. They got nothing. And every day my life is spinning at right before my goddamn eyes, the markets in the toilet. I've been counting the days like somebody on goddamn death row four years plus just a little bit more hanging out by my thumbnails. And all of a sudden these people just went into a coma. Well, isn't that great? Thank you so much. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Let's, you know that night, young elderly women called you about the bull. The elderly woman called young elderly woman. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to teach you something. She's right. They make the greatest change ever so I'm going to tell you how they do it. They take them out, they stretch them. They try to twist them. They become very, very hard. Well, that's what the humans did. They take them out. They twist them in a stretcher and they become very hard. I thought that's what they did. They take great chains. Yeah. In fact, I tell you what. I'm going to get a fool and I'm going to get you one. You'll love it. Great. I think I might need it in about a week. Thank you so much. Okay. I'm going to have my own bull cane. There you go. Open up in the world. We have an open line in the Broward. Oh, who knows? Let's go to Pembroke Pines with 27 question marks, hello. How you doing, man? Okay, sir. Yeah. One thing you guys, but that disco scene you sent me, love back. Uh-huh. And I want to ask you about where me and what. Do you want to go? I don't want me to be a board. Yeah. What billboards? One of the two in the other blogger. Where do you see that? Well, that's been there forever. That ain't doing any good. Yeah, I mean, I see you're showing everything. And your face is not that bad. They're going to show it on the dealboard, on what they're doing. Well, that's why nobody's watching me. They put a real special log me. Do a board out there at the nobody. See that and they think, oh, I'm not watching that. And the Brown here girl on the way to the name was a star on television. Good night. It's a good day. Hunter, yeah. Well, on the billboard, forget it. So in other words, they're trying to make us work as ugly as possible because it's a visual thing and make sure that nobody gets tunes in. Thank you very much. Tell her you're a genius. Thank you, sir. That's the best call we've had in a hell of a long time. Now we know why nobody's tuning into that damn thing because they're trying to make us work real ugly in the my case. I don't really any help. In Hunter's case, how the hell do they do that? Is that from an Riqueh? Is that what that is? All right. Now we're talking. Now we can get serious. Oh, right. Yes. The new CD and a bunch of pictures and some of you's condoms and underwear and all kinds of good stuff. Like I said, thank you so much. Personally, I ought to grab that. I hope. Oh, not yet. OK. I don't want to take the thing. What's the thing? Oh, no, believe me. He's a proud. He's shown it proudly. Thank you very much. Look at that. And Riqueh Esperanza, which we have not out by the way. We have no Esperanza aqu. Oh, look at this. This is a really neat package, too. By the way, anybody want to see in Riqueh's package? Look at that. It's a whole thing that folds open and it's got a hole in both English and Espanol. By the way, we don't want to get theiness to penis sure upset. It's an English and Spanish. OK, is that OK? Is that all right, penis? No. Oh, I'm sorry. Like I said, it's all in English. In fact, no, I take it back. It's all in Espanol. Look at that. It's all in Espanol. There's no English in here. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, if Enes sure could be here right now, we'd have never sprayed that. He'd have a pack. It's all in Espanol. Esperanza, don't they have us or cool condo? Tomorada, de pistesa, tristesa, what does that mean? Abondonada, emosolidad, or you can't read your Spanish for crap. Well, that's the way it goes. I had it 500 years ago and language, too. Escondire, in Un Rincon, Kunil Mundo de la Leybez. What? That's like the candy in the crevice. I'd decandy in your what, in your vacuum. Wow. So in other words, Enrique is putting out pornographic CDs. No, all right. No, no. No, no, it's not what we want. All right, 22. Just a disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Oh, my God, this is so grand. Oh, I'm so proud. Oh, yeah, oh, you're so gentle. Oh, you're done. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, my God, my God. My God. Oh, that's so grand. I just realized I was a better one. I just realized I was a better one. I just realized I was a better one. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. God knows. I'll go get you a cloud. This is the single by the way, something else. Esperanza. The album is cross-hustle amor. We don't feel like we rules is time and I think. I wouldn't mind rolling my tongue on that. I don't think about it. Oh, good. I know what's the home of that. Now you're going to start ripping and wreak you. Okay, after you were very nice to those people I just brought this all in, you're going to start ripping how I'm one. Sure. Sure, well, nearly my good friend. Who sends a lot of good news? That was Tracy? Yeah, I come out and recognize her. She looks very different from last time I saw her. Different from that picture on the CD. She looks different from that. Yeah. You're an open line and priorities. 560 and Pom 560 on the AT&T. If I would remember that, I would have said, how can we keep sending us all that crap, Tracy? Here's a Cooper City, hello? Cooper City. Going once. Going twice. Thank you so much for calling and hanging out for at least like three minutes. Here's Miami with this question, Mark. Hello? No. Yeah, you're on. Okay. Here's a mobile in the Marguade, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? I could be doing better, pal. We're starting to move up in the world about the hour and a half of a show now we're just a fake in it. Did you have an listen to the first team this morning I heard little bits and pieces. Okay I normally don't listen to them I put them on doing the commercials I listen to how or doing the commercials I put them on yeah they were talking about famous home runs yesterday and the girls had an article about I guess famous home runs this morning mentioning Bobby home runs in the 51 play off yeah these guys were so adamant that the hurl was talking about it being a three game play off series there was so sure they were ripping the hurl now he's the hurl too but the hurl was right it was a three game play off series yeah goalie like can't stand this little twarp yeah was so sure that and how old is this guy 10 going on what about six five this guy was so sure ripping and so is deep all about that it was a one game play off sorry to tell you goal that they were three game play off back then right it's just amazing yeah well that's what I said before and y'all these aren't there that they scream in the yelling about Bobby Thompson's home run he would know Bobby Thompson from from from Bobby uh short I mean what did what does he know about in 1951 we're talking this good is like 15 years old what does he know about anything you know I'm only 36 years old but I do read I've been a baseball family whole life I do read a lot I want to go to right I knew that I wasn't around but I knew it because I read it because I said run the first few minutes of the short that I was screaming about that show they have these people on screaming about stuff they know nothing about and I said that this kid wouldn't know rust Hodges from Gil Hodges from Russell Wacis and I'll say it again and he's on there they and you know but that's why that show is so popular because it fits in perfectly in this town like all these idiots calling Hank yesterday about Roger Mirrors who weren't even born when Marissa was playing baseball and I agree with you you know and I was the Maris been as part in in his history because what the guy did was tremendous buddy does not belong in the home no he does not have to that because he had two productive years yet 39 homers in 16 and he he had 61 in 61 right and the fact it was MVP two years in row that doesn't make him automatically in the Hall of Fame he was a lifetime 260 hitter his stats over his career were like you know good he was a good player but certainly not impressive enough to be in the Hall of Fame I agree with you and in fact it was for the 61 home runs in 61 to make that better stats I think better stats I mean by we're not in the same ballpark are you kidding me yeah but I'm telling about the year of 61 oh yeah we're really of course I mean all the way around they weren't in the same league manel buddy one the MVP I think it was in 56 at 365 did Maris ever hit close to 365 oh first now it was a 60 lifetime hitter no but I said to get I mean you know that's why that's one of the reasons why but then you see you're just starting to catch on with the sports elements of this station our primarily a lot of people talking about stuff they don't know about exactly but that's not a fact that if you got a sports show that's not a fact that you should let's live by yeah and then he made us I mean it was two minutes before that that he made another mistake saying that the giants were three games out of the park race well in fact they're two and somebody took them to test on that one yeah I mean if you're gonna be on a sports show get your fact straight and the act like professional hey man all right got my shoe sir there you go it was knocking a worst team was ain't great we have an open line in date and two and Broward 560 560 on the AT&T line here's a lady in Miami hello Neil yes man how are you? doused down 275 points you know Kyrgyz listen you were talking about fan major the other day or maybe it was on whammy I'm not sure who? fan major oh yeah and it reminded me of a story um 18 years ago when he was on WNWF long he first did out yeah he uh he had his topic was uh hitting your handwriting and now analyze analyze so I was 13 at the time and I sent mine in and he called my health to talk to me and stuff like that great well that's good news okay let's say here a lot more about that oh my god Jesus Joseph and Mary that was pretty titillating wasn't it wow okay we have an open line in date and two and Brown or 567 0560 oh man I think he was being a lot more than two grand now let's go to plantation hello I'll go Neil yes sir how are you doing buddy okay listen I grew up up north and uh we're gonna get Ken Star on that yes would I enjoy you showing everything like that and I hear you and every every day and you talk about like going in and the schvata and stuff like that and I know you grew up with the terminology the yiddish of the Jewish whatever it is yeah what different what's the difference between saying goia spots are tight what do you mean by that well I just mean like it didn't like saying because tight can never be uh tight is automatically a derogatory term as far as it just means a person who's black goia means a person not sure how do you know how do we know that surgery here what I just said no no how do we know that's not a derogatory remark when you say goia my head boy I'm every day and you said in like a in a bad you know I mean I don't know a bad sense well you say like the goia don't do this they don't do that so what's the difference between a kite and I you know I'm saying like a kite because a kite is Jewish that's why yeah yeah so what I'm saying is like you what were are you saying you you you don't say don't say I spew any you're here today humorish you don't have a sense of humor then you want to find another pasta turn on a lara s he won't give you one laugh okay you won't laugh you won't snicker one time it would be perfect the maximated heaven you won't hear anything on actual that'll make you amused in the least bit this is a radio show and I'm gonna say it for the eight many of time if you don't have a sense of humor then you don't belong listening to this show you're too uptight you're out of control my glues your friend we have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line I'm sitting here we're in stupid yarmacos every day making fun of the orthodox Jews and they're crazy talking about the the sitz is all another crap and the land that's a fillin and wrapping over the stuff around your arms and cutting off your circulation but oh no I'm like plain only one side against the other it's all a bunch of bull crapser that's the message get with it get a sense of humor and get with it and if you don't understand it we'll send a guy damn interpreter you house if you can't turn it off here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir hi how are you doing okay I saw George last night I wanted to comment I missed a show on Labor Day Monday and I thought it was great it just needs a little bit more touch up a little touch yeah yeah yeah it does look a little bit nervous but a lot better than anybody else would do and hopefully he'll be on when when if you're leaving the hell out of those tapes right I have an I one person so far say oh we much rather have those old best of tapes when you want vacation we want George is what they want oh wait I want to tell you they suck but they do they're the first one to tell you just like they put that crap on whammy at nine thirty last night which I didn't didn't say it was at the track but they put another old show on there yeah see these people don't understand when you're talking about stuff that is a time element to it you can't put it on like three weeks later or two weeks later and keep showing stuff after it's lost it has no impact anymore it's meaningless they're killing me they're just destroying me they're devastating this show I really enjoyed watching him and hopefully we'll hear from him more in the future but on it can I call somebody to see her yes sir we have you you're an airborne driving douchebag holy a glace he'll go to a glace yes no okay have a great day thanks yeah yeah hopefully you want some good but in reke that's another story nice going and reke we're good at look at that he's got a little bit of schmutz on around two really books them up real good I've got nice suit on what's your idea what are you smoking about huh you only wish you looked like that yes I did yeah hey so do I oh I wouldn't be wasting my time here we have an open line in date county five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty on the eighteen two world of the why do you say that let me ask you this let me let me say this to you again these people had called in that pretend to be so wound up and so psychotic and so offended and so they're listening every single day you're not full and me you're not full in the audience this is the oldest scan I've been doing this for six hundred years so if there's something I don't know is you then just find something else go away I've been telling you that for years I'm not one of those insecure people who who's terrified that if we lose one listener we're not going to replace him with ten new ones I'm not concerned about that okay if I'm offending you if you have no sense of humor if you don't get it then find go play with your marbles go a plan traffic go drive on hell and they'll be full of our for a few hours but don't call the show and tell me what you should do this and should it I'm not going to do no should it's okay I'm doing the meal rod you're showing either like it or lump it or stuff it up your answer got it here's a mobile and candle hello hey uncle Leo okay great show is all right uh oh yeah Neil wants to get in proud I need a cattle prod in this town that's what I need an electric cattle prod to wake the sleeping dead hey Reed day of my life it's no long time because I called and actually I get I don't know the conclusion of two collars to go you pretty much answered the question that I had which was an oldest that none of the way me I started seeing you with the llama gone your head right and I missed the show when I guess you started doing that and you just all of a sudden during it for weeks right well I want to show you how silly it is to walk around with a stupid venie on your head plus a cover up my bald spots I'm killing two birds with one stone I love it absolutely historical and I got my panties of venie on today so in a couple of days you'll see that and there was one other thing you had a guy call I think it was yesterday who said that he watched the show and he wanted to remark to you that boy you sure did work a stressful job and it was absolutely obvious and evident right how things looked at on the way I show you and I got a grip with that my house off the island how the hell you are doing I don't either it's amazing but keep it up to keep eating the vitamin tool so you can keep it going for a long time okay I'm going home to take my andro go for a see a thank fact Brian or cross was told us a hurricane andro might come back and I take a turn from the universe and come back and get us nice job at new times by the way ripping Brian or cross rightfully so mister alarmist mister irresponsible mister no credibility if I want to find out what's going on with the weather or either watch the weather channel or if I want to watch a local authority that watch done no I channel 10 because he's not an alarmist and he tells it like it is and he's not an eikotist like little Brian or cross boy nice job new times I don't say that very often because there are a bunch of pseudo intellectuals who hate me like poison but they're all listening right now that's the one god damn thing I know beyond a shadow of it out that is that the people who claim to hate me the most hate this show hate everything that I say they're listening they can hang on everywhere they can quote chapter and verse and they go in the closet they're like getting the sexual excitement from this guy damn show bet your life on it right now was that asshole at new times that one time what the was his name I'll be forget his name oh my god that was incredible when we offered to have him come on to show them and they had some faker from over there caught pretend to be him and that's that's what I'm so on oh yeah I wouldn't come out at you yeah you damn right you would not slice your ass to ribbons you jackass you pseudo intellectual dick here's a mobile and homestead hello hey new how you doing okay sir hey don't forget Bob weaver and all the other weaver great guy but I got he's not early in the morning yeah I know it also super who's gotten screwed by so many people yeah you know listen but don't know is the best I like don't know he doesn't want your personality but he does you know give it to see what I've got to see that's good though when I watched the weather I don't want to see a personality I want to see the weather you know I want to see one the yuck it up a lot of the one exception I'll make that is Dave Schwartz on the weather channel who's got a personality and also speaks a few words in Yiddish which would get that one guy very upset you know I was when when that woman if you uh I'll close back talked about you know I'm a guy off a year ago she was listening to what's his face it got me thinking that my wife several years ago said when am I gonna grow up and stop listening to you right yeah and I yeah just want to let you know that up for all these years you're getting better I listen to you every day you know one of these pauses listen to every day and you are you know you're like there's two things to do the highlight good be you know you know that's right when you're in this town it's about all you have to look forward to me if we're the enemy maybe a good DJ wants to have a great day pulled out my trusty AM radio. God ready for the evening with a stand major show. Yeah, God ready for the evening with a stand major show. God, let it for the evening with a stand major show. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So anyway, you'll never guess who just walked into the door. No, not stand major. Did you hear that phone call, by the way? You didn't hear it good. I don't know what he else did either. But at any rate, guess who just walked into the door. I give the audience 50,000 guesses. And then the first 10 million don't count. Dave Capri, just walked in. I said, Dave, the market's down 300, 80 points. And he said, don't be interested. Dave Capri, put him on your mic. Let him hustle in there and say hello and then get him out of there. I'm going to tell you, he looks so much more like an axe murder. Now, now you look like a real, what do you think? He's a beard. So you came back at the wrong time. No, you didn't scare me. It just looked at you gave me when I was in the door. What the hell is that? Who is that? Yeah. So I thought that time still Henry walked in when we were working for a passion. And I hadn't seen him for months. And he walked in like he just was still hearing. And I like, hey, here I am. Just a shocker. So how are you doing, Capri? For every to find you. We went out to the cow pasture. And they said, oh, he's at the old power ninety six buildings. So I lived down to the old power ninety six when I used to work there in the mid 80s. Yeah. And found out I was in the wrong place. And I somehow ended up in the Jefferson pilot parking line. Yeah. Yeah. It took me five buildings before I realized where you were. Thank God. That's, you know, there's a method to our madness. Yeah. He wakes me up in the morning. Oh, yeah. They're all judges for those good old days on day to those with a day. She didn't have to worry about getting paid those days. And all your meals free on the floor. Yeah. Those were the best days of all. And Capri would eat so much that he would actually have to finish the show sitting on the floor and the other studio. Those were great for one reason or another. Yeah. And of course you're going to be this. So you got an announcement to make. Are you like coming to work here or what? Now you want me here. I'm just passing through. So I can't say what you would tell me not to say. No, I'm just passing. No, you're not. Put lying. Okay. Don't be a goddamn lie. We already got enough flyers. I just go on on my life. I have no idea. Are you coming back to this town? I have no idea. Are you thinking about coming back here? Like total car. I know my life. I don't know. Okay. I have no idea. Why not? Because I don't know from day to day what's happening in my life. I'm supposed to be able to tell you. I mean, I'm not trying to be rude or anything. But I have no idea. How about he lose you? Would that be a good word? You face it? Yeah. Like Robert Duvalsas. I want to be in a nigma like a chink. Yeah. So that would you. I don't be like a chink. You'll have to work on the eyes a little bit. I like your TV show. Did you? You're the one. It was cool. Oh yeah man. That whammy. This is a station from hell. You wouldn't believe it. That fact very killer. He really knows how to do it. I don't know why you rippin so much. I thought it was a really neat show. The chaotic kind of. But we can't get any numbers. We get like if we're on a lucky day. We get a two-year-on air. Most days we get a one-chair. Some days we get squiggly lines. Which means people were turning it off in droves. Like intentionally. They just they have a found of yet. Let's see. What are we going? It's only been on the station for like a little over three months. He positive. When I watched it, it's like, I like the show. I'm enjoying it. I think they're funny. I don't know. Right. There you go. How's Phil Henry doing? I heard you say something about that he was going to be on the air. Are you sure? Yeah. Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you sure? Yeah. He's still out there peddling in CD. No. He's leaving there. But they wanted to syndicate his show. They were spreading from the stupid talk network. They were going to pick him up live. He's on 7 to 10 out there. It might be one tomorrow. Which a lot of his fans would have been static. Really can't hear it and broder. He's doing real well. He's doing great. He's just on a new five-year deal. He's like an LA celebrity now. Yeah. Are you sure? More than I can say even some of us. So you were in some, you had some bit part in some movie, which was called. Who? I was called. Who knows? I saw that one. You want to make $100 here's the internet front of the camera. Oh, and here he goes with the money. You got me. I'll be sure to go. Oh, excuse me. Listen, I got Stan to a dressing over in the hospital. He's put all around there. It is like just to see a whole strata of... What am I trying to say? It's just a whole strata of wannabelle. Yeah. These middle class come from rich or middle class, off-election families, well-educated people. And they're all starving out there. Yeah. And they're all too old. You act who want to be just stay where you are. Well, he has some real talent, like Leo. That damn bag, and I can't stand it. Like Leo. He'd be a stupid story, be a multi-millionaire. And if he having lesbians doing each other out on the balcony, he'd be a part of it. Maybe I'd be a double-election one's my act. Well, I just wanted to say hello, because I was cruising around and staying high to some... Dave Capretis back in town. I have a feeling he may be hearing from him. I don't know. We'll see. Now on this station, I'll be on one coast of the other. So you're going on the coast. Dave Capretis is going to be on the coast. Who's going to be on the coast? Who's going to be on the coast? Well, if I'm green and share a higher go, 97.3, two and had baby in play at all to a Michael Bolton record. Great. And in the stage, we can negotiate. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. Hey, listen, they like guys who work cheap. Let's go to Western, hello. Hello, Neil. And you like that, Dave Capretis, pops in here. You know who that is? I hope he makes the TV show, like a TV show. Like a TV show. Haven't seen him. Yeah, he'll have the sign of release. So we're going to put him on the TV show. He's definitely put him on here. Wait till you see him. He is an axe murderer. I wanted a comment. I heard George on Monday, and I saw him last night. Yeah, he's excellent. There you go. He'll be a breath of fresh air. Can I tell you? I don't want to I don't want to get carried away with this, but to give you an idea of how bushling this joined is. George asked me off the year about a half hour go. Is it like official ladies filling in on my vacation? I said as far as I'm concerned the answer is yes. Because, you know, the powers that be around here. We don't hear from them. We hear nothing. You know, I'm going on vacation in a couple of weeks. and this guy is going to be doing the show and they're just they just and like I've said before as long as they're a sound coming out of this studio between ten and two and a spot's good on here they don't care what it is it could be for four hours they don't care what that was sound is well they're not accountable I don't know if I can go out of the station if I were you yeah I'm not worried I got a good contract in fact I'm telling what I'll make a deal with George I'll sit in there and answer the phones and run the board he can do the show for the next four years but I'm not giving up any of my cash because you know I'm at the end of the line here but it's okay with me you know he was a better do you know everybody had his own head on the shoulders and he had his own material he's definitely got his own head no question about that I don't know if he's from him I have no idea what he was in the morning or pre-do I'm not going to be on tonight that on the street there's going to be George again me okay we don't know overdo it okay yeah I remember when Wally Pip Loan Lou Geary that glove okay I'm not going to play in that game but my advice if George was in another market he could dominate yeah I think when Dixie he'd be pretty good I got that one to Dixie better and Damon your head hunting Dixie back all right thank you have a great day hey Dave Capretis here today we had a very mysterious Dan Major a sighting we have an open line in Broward 5605605 my way I'm not even giving it number out now see see the difference I wish I hope you I hope you get a shot of this screen okay show how fast on the way me show show off fast these empty lines what if immediately just because I said we had a one pair of tickets and if I'm in the good mood and we have had a couple of good you know it's not the cause of gotten better since I said that yeah now I'm a single kind of good stuff to say they're in a good mood they actually almost like me now I got nothing free for me hate me like poors Neil measure money or an anti this you're a bigot yeah but as soon as I say we got one of housing per ticket free tickets and got all yours where the hell they are probably in those bleed for the dolphin bills game on Sunday so how about that because it was a holiday weekend it was Labor Day the NFL out of this operation I guess out of embarrassment they've extended for one more day see some markets like buffalo and the annoying when they've sold out all their games for the entire season already like ahead of time but I make believe phony sports market like this one they're still pleading and begging and they can't give them away while we can we'll take care of one pair thanks to our good close personal friend Sam the skamer promotions got because he's trying out like a hot pretend he's doing something here's candle hello uncle Neil yes sir are you doing great listen as an intelligence human American mail I just want to see that I enjoy show I'm like we actually have a Cuban American who's not but it was little punky Julios who all so I'm the same who think that this show is their personal play to us thank god for you that's right and thanks thanks to you and hang my work these are a lot better there you go and one more thing yes today's my one month anniversary with my girlfriend and nothing we make or feel better than a perfect ticket uh huh congratulations to you oh you see gone she I was just I was going to give those to him too now he's gone he uh I guess he gave up to soon as soon as I played that I figured that's certainly a magnanimous of me just to give him that nice little reading there and certainly wouldn't be around suck for tickets after that we said his girlfriend will suck for tickets we have an open line in day five six there you go again this is scary this this and just tears my guts out watching miss they don't care about me all I care about is them they just want what what can we give you what do we got I mean can I just empty out my wallet can I like get somebody a crap off the floor here some of the old drippings from some of the meals we've had some of the crumbs pack them up to you know something I should never throw out the uh and by all the guess who I saw this morning coming to work on the corner over Chuck Subceter right over here no right over well wherever the hell it is okay I'll finger it out I love you and Chuck the Subceter the food is great we appreciate them but the food I mean it was great but enough for forty people and I did throw out about two pounds of it which means I ate six pounds all I wanted was like a little meatballs which he's in the onions okay little uh scatters there that's all and he's sent over there just the way so is that uh put that thing in my hand I mean next to Enrique I've never had anything that vivid and massive in my hand in my life it was just there was unbelievable exactly oh we're pulling Enrique's nose again oh oh nose well what the hell why not not my good friend Enrique now there's somebody you want to get to know my good post body which the release date on the single is until September 22nd by the way so you're hearing it for this to the advanced copy of the singles which is called something just to put on something as we have absolutely nothing I don't know sure we know about that TV I'm so sorry not wait a minute you're laughing at him all spicks say that almost everyone knows that's he only the thing he's Spanish he was born in a gun you okay don't be mad at him you can't be so kind of a pan you can't he said Esperanza that covers it up Esperanza like some kind of a I mean that's that's what he's guys that's what he's been I'm sorry well there's like a little fur on it I got a little fur my nose I'm sorry sorry Enrique oh my god I hope he goes a fur piece it's a one for me QA yeah this is the Neil Roger show this is your brain any questions if you have some time this the next 25 minutes we're getting away a perfect for the dolphins in the bills they love me now baby that's right they love old that's right anytime he's got something that they want here's a mobile in Kendall hello yes sir what are you doing I thought you I'm Jamie I mean whammy Jamie yeah yeah what what's up dude with that guy Jamie hand you the guy oh that Jamie I'll go and say he's old yeah yeah what about it we jealous you're like him doing it no I was not he was he wasn't a poor okay have a great day pal pretty weak we have an open line in the heart 560 5060 on the mobile one line he doesn't understand but whammy's all about does he that's a game club you moron okay where we go let's do my me with 14 question marks hello hi Neil yes sir yes I was listening to you sure earlier this this morning you know I love you show and I think George is cool but I don't understand but he says well you know that it's the other guy next I'm I happen to be a Cuban but I'm married to a Honduran Honduran yeah oh man look out no she's white she's white and I don't understand it she's white he thinks that Cuba's the only island that the fan you're going in lived in uh this plenty it well he's wrong so I don't want to do that counter Honduras for this plenty of white people and I don't like that you're pretty sure there's a lot of white people in Santa Barbara you know and I bet the guy that just called you I bet he's a Cuban the guy that was just making fun of you with a whole lot of you know I don't like that case I want to date with Alguolstein exactly huh and I you know I was watching this show the other on last night on whammy and he was he was also talking about well I'm from Europe I'm from a fifth world country but my family's from Europe my ancestors your aunt is what I say okay I'm right and there's there's there from right and I'm embarrassed about it there from I didn't see the word white people in America asshole no Central America we're a politicalist guys a good guy and then he put up 10 questions he thought you might not be Cuban no I thought you might be Puerto Rican he might hate support a weekend my grandparents are Spanish and let me tell you when I went to Spain they treated us like crap do they say Esperanza there you know like that but I mean I don't I don't like that he says all like all Central America I want to say one thing before you let me go up that because you know yeah that all other Hispanics I do you know why the Hispanics is that human there are a bunch of other martes I think is what you said what Neil said today earlier you know what you said you said the read like a half reads or Indians or esports but definitely not like white people something like that Neil let me say one thing yeah Cubans can't do this country as refugees the Central and South America is coming here as immigrants and as a refugee you get a lot more help from the government yeah and that's something you gotta say you gotta say refugee you gotta say right the Q a lot of the Cubans I did come here in the 60s they were educated they had a lot of they were middle and upper class Cubans that's why they were able to have a lot of the refugees yeah that's why they were able to adjust in the United States and we have to understand that these people coming now are very poor they have lack of education and it's going to take more time for them I think I like the Colombians the best you know I'm an atheist Neil I believe you know 100% will you say I don't know you know what you stop when you stop the crap okay we have an open line in date 567560 and bomb by 60 month mobile one line everybody was excellent you ripped the crap out of you I like it 22 left you're gonna be on here now like you're gonna take a lot of crap okay don't say no you don't think I'm gonna be dead yes from him the one of your people he's no you've got yes he is okay if I you've been he's Cuban like any shape or what said it was a Cuban he's probably he probably didn't know what's his name he missed the penis here right now they're probably hanging together I don't know what the hell he isn't I don't care why you so obsessed with worrying about the hectic people that's not forget about that guy I'm just talking in general what there's a make hello to the Mexican liquorang ones what what there's a make as long as they're given it up I don't care where they are there you go 21 till 2 at five arm the girl got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little breakfast we wait for the evening so if we ever did a good call next I you're right that was the guy from the FIU with a new story he's probably related to those other little whoo you know he's in there like the people circle they're sitting around the circle jerk with all these wild stories and his wife is from Honduras this guy would know a hundred and if they stuck his finger up his back to him in fact maybe that's what's going on right now there's a mobile in bokeh hello how's it going now okay sir uh that story for you know I'm going on vacation with my family and I uh go to a letter to my uh fun teacher to tell him we were going on vacation we got to get the work of the day I got the letter back from the printable along with a state that's that you said she's going to have me arrested if I try to take my son out of school if he's not ill excellent good choice okay we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty and what's he going for a sympathy the school school year's just starting now I mean he just got to work like a two or three month vacation now you're taking your kid out vacation again I say you know I got them uh whatever it is yeah the two of the two men officer yeah college you have a carry he's got the two men officer waiting just to take your kid to the who's got a new two take the got some a shkoho way and lock him up and throw away the key get out of who your boring story okay pal if that he probably wants to go to the dolphin game just before they send him all to jail let's go to a mobile in pember pine hello hello yes sir how you doing I just got a quick common carry in reference to the uh some rouseki and uh I understand you think I know he's been getting like a lot of uh a lot of uh bad friends about the getting a million dollar salary uh my only you know I'd rather give him or any general manager of a million dollar salary that a best mediocre ball player getting paid more than that and uh for just one of the two industries where the management makes less than the employees yeah that's really just you know all I want to say okay and God bless you get the fact in broski city's gonna stay here for five more years and the smiley yesterday had that pointless most idiotic uh press conference in history man fact you put it all together in the john Henry thing people working out the details right you know on one side of the uh stating they were having a press conference with smiley and on the other side john Henry and Wayne's people are also crossing the tees and dotting the eyes dotting the and uh have a good time it's a done deal okay so maybe we had a little premature evaluation yesterday but trust me when I tell you Wayne is out oh God damn Marlon C. Wayne C. Abaldi you talk mark jackass here's a dear field hello I'm doing great I see it's a good idea to write the signing from the bird there yeah not that on the bird it's not the bird you don't know the difference between the burden captain Dave that who that was yeah I'm a big yeah the bird is a all it is the bird you like hey yeah yeah the pointy doesn't say anything else doesn't let me just play something yeah so unfortunately I was supposed to get a couple tickets to the on-road and I'm never made it in the mail if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 W I O D you missed this as the bird yeah bird how you doing okay this is you may have been a play anything because I can't stand listening to you you start a good work with you back do I just give me a favor play anything well can I ask your question before you go oh God you sound so stupid I hate to talk to you yeah go ahead why did you call me I didn't call you I don't know I don't know you not to say anything just play something oh God can't stand it well then why are you listening I play something already why won't you answer me I can't stand it you won't see he won't talk to me oh we got a car here hello hey love that they want to back you don't be all wanted back no I'm sorry George wants him back real bad no here's a Virginia key hello Neil yes sir that show that show off the earth better than the what on here you're right about that oh you're heard about the part about Joe and at the little problem of his life's all about you you don't need to take a long chat in the of cucumber patch and see I was really all about you how nice he is he's he's he's he's here he's here he's here he can pretty your full crap he's in town to get a job ending why don't you go to your benevolent uncle Neil and we're in the good food to work with him no I'm this is a day to day long he's just a day yeah whatever great I mean just like uh... he'll have to bring him back to the future yeah that's for a great day yeah but way out the way to second they know yeah that's it's pretty on micro is the off he's in there he's a close enough what's he a complete ask that's the uncle Neil tell the story about his first date with that well that was the classic that was it the last time I was in town you're going to be redundant Neil the new listeners of the story that's the best story that you've ever told in your life what that story about the grassy Michigan thing yeah you would out with a home for a year when you were dating women it was the homecoming queen after that many queens but she wasn't the homecoming is that you believe me she was beautiful the pretty the name was the charling when if you play along it just sounds better when you say she was the homecoming queen yeah where if I say queen illness uh... construit the musk and screw it okay thank you so much to the priestess thanks to the memories get out of here it's uh... open on a day so that means we're going to have to bring this dolphin thing right out of the wire my doing this intentionally you've had but you got to ask for quite safe although that one guy was on the verge of asking which is why got a real quick dial tone asking you'll get it but we got to give it away in the last ten minutes of the show one pair for the big game that often in a bill anybody concerned about that anybody whipped up to a friend he got I didn't think so and at johnson kid at the working quarterback they better hope that he's the self because they bring little flutty in their look out baby he's going to do that touchdown Jesus I bet you they don't know that on the west coast out there the shot of terrain when Jesus got his hands up and he was just going to touch time no-day and that's all that was wrong with his assholes crucifixion my ass ten before we better hurry up here man because we got these tickets the boy Miami hello hey you know how they're going okay sir we still got to have that uh... got off all a knouts are doing no fucking games or the he's less than a jersey never back you mean christina more on the yeah he's coming back he's coming back i'll have to be surprised that they put all the things offshore again to know when he's people between him and go beyond yeah a match made in heaven all man they listen now can i have a ticket okay great man thanks all by shot the night yeah okay well she's going to take with you okay he wants to my just wanted to make sure i'm going to give this to me like a buffalo but he's definitely a well-wearing mass can be done a bill span is he's a dolphin but he's a dolphin we got johnny being coming up with talking baseball baby from two to two thirty he's never everybody's been waiting for no we got the marlin game anybody first in the mountains and the rockies no it's a game we're close to a hundred and he's not going to be a little bit we don't know if anybody care about that no big ears we don't now you'll see how loyal these people are all gone not that I give that one pair tickets away is a mobile and sunrise hello you know what those tickets did you really not know so i can have a extra pair you know you know i got a pair now yeah they could take all that guy uh... mandrich now that guy can go to sleep yeah hey yeah the man which guy yeah and uh... as far as for more programming uh... what you guys have to do is have to put more uh... they got it capital and was gambling stuff and put more of uh... jkey lebrec and all these night guys which are really really good hard court stuff alright well work on okay i want to bang you in the front okay let's go to a four-lot of the hello yes sir thank you for exposing the town man actually got to get out of here and go to a lake for a couple days in here fill and all that i mean that's not a debt by me new year and it's like ten times better than this but it's not sure yeah positive and i mean the sport people over there are loyal over here i mean actually care when it's been filled actually being one might not love well that's because they're actually following the sport we didn't know what they're talking about is supposed to hear where they just give a lot of misinformation and it works out fine because the colors don't know either oh i know and the news are little kids that were calling hank the other day talking about rock your mirrors there was no rock your merris if he punched him in the press from his grave i mean they have no idea who he was what the whole uh... nothing and they don't care about more of our either are working a building and it's like that man said they're in this ball history and they're still talking about oh what are you doing tonight this time i mean they don't care they don't care when i think of the story tomorrow and uh... but i'm gonna have my revenge and i'm i got my season tickets and i can't wait to go in the that arena couple months down the road when there's no piece or go about the normal plot and all you got the look at a cable we and civ maclin and it's like oh yeah this is really exciting look at the building but uh... when they're i can i'll tell you will like the building all guarantee you have been in the area oh no i don't know you see it might and i'm telling you it's gonna be good one good thing is lots of places to go and things to do and lots of different kinds of food and places to hang out and bars and joints and that's what we're doing real what's the second period starts will be going on that's the opportunity to write it again yeah i got to find a kind of you like the first couple season of the originally whenever nobody went there to actual loyal hockey pan to want to see the game now well the novel the arena will all get a lot of a similar but then after that who knows oh yeah welcome to self-law to men okay i'll leave in a thought a lot yeah i have a rate life here's the guy that's going to a chivalized place with all those young while people out there the west coast all those mudslides hey listen that's going to do we had a tremendous day today it was okay it was all right on this day to respect tacketer god i'm gonna tell you I never realized how good i was till today whatever what does that mean i never realized how great i wasn't till this show today it's been going to great donny be i guess how he was supposed to do the show i left his condoms home so donny these are going to be doing the talking baseball show and then the marlins game is coming up it's going to be something we can't say the word on the air donny 99 i'm sure i haven't gotten that down that yet i've got to talk you everything down pat though you learn to milk this thing for all this work like hanged it yesterday he's no fool they're learning from the master milking it sunny on air for half hour and it relpocked on air for like an hour and a half how can i try and it what learn to speak yet it's too donny if you're going to make a mismaness slipper how's that not bad that's not too bad slipper don't talk about bluff that way though not a good idea to your future your career hey well who's that 12 year old kid dad doing the show Monday yeah like i said the popcorn the kettle pink well i know that's why he's my age and you keep going with bugger oh kids uh i'm not you a guilty that's 12 uh because you like a 17 year old kid just isn't probably that far from reality hey listen i got news for you got balls of an elephant compared to guillies what you complaining about i appreciate that i think you know that was like a bad back-ass tanned accompaniment yeah i thought that's what it was so let's see tomorrow's blun let's talk to baseball it's not the name of the show let's talk about Ryan Durin and wajim constantly and all like a great Yankee pitching staff Louis a royal whitey board Ryan Durin you know it alcohol problems you don't want to take shot to him i'm not taking shots at him yet classes you know what Ryan Durin looked like yeah i do you know that when he used to warm up on your agreement from the full pen and warmed up he used to throw purposefully hit the screen with a couple of pitches he used to throw so hard and they had bad eyesight legitimately and i know i do where the ball is going and they have hitters used to freak out exactly that was one of his best assets that's right now our light is talking about that all time called purpose purposely wild you know although he tried to do it on purpose shared what do you think about this home of why i think you were getting into it oh i the what sort of say it was great in the uh and that nation why they had gigantic ratings in here because it's not as forced i was pretty weak half the ratings in a stond that a seven seven share on fox on channel seven locally and that nation why had almost a thirteen they're rating well Dawson's creek was on down here you know all that's it yeah forget about that and possibly a whammy down here that i have been able to tell us that's true they probably thought our loud was still going to be on with direct build direct yeah see there's more yet he's now he's saying it's very good down here coming along i know little you know on our honorable mention uh Jewish person true yeah line of Jewish person yeah well this is talking baseball it's not going to your Roger show you got to you're going to get this for its people upset if you start to in my stick they don't have a sense of humor i'm going to start talking is crap i'm mixed it to so you're talking Jews and stuff like that and he co-fact yeah I'll send a co-fast with Jewish how about Joel Holom the white socks he was Jewish hand greenbird yeah there you go hang Goldberg and him too did he play baseball Nicky Rivers Nicky Rivers I thought was Jewish if was good number rock true it's good number Mickey Rivers didn't you have a gambling problem I heard hang talking about let me say this to you here's the real test you got 26 minutes before the pregame show okay got it you can drop as many names next 26 minutes as Hank does in five minutes then you know you'll have it made all right that's what i'll show you got to work on that that's what i'll shoot for i can drop here first you thought and he saw it you know i was talking Neil Rogers earlier in the shell yeah that would get you far from about here to 205 Cliff Lloyd won't talk to me anymore yeah i want about to be Johnson fan of yours yeah yeah that's true Jimmy Johnson Dave D'embrouse you must see you can you can be the opposite of all the ass kisses we got on this station you can be just exactly the opposite because you're not on a wines payroll like some of these other torps like guilty and you can tell it like it is not some marine people in fact just even make it up just to piss him off that'll be great instead of all these ass kisses we got on here exactly man oh man i mean Jimmy's butt must be getting sore from all the ass like and it's getting on this station yeah oh i'm like i try to break more stories like you did yesterday now we hey we had a run on the head we were just a little bit premature that's the way cause and of course when you're gonna have a premature evaluation you always got to wear your what do you have yamica kind of oh god oh jeez i have a great day don't we could five minutes for a great in the bills in the mail hey well i appreciate it you take care of yourself i will all right all right all right