Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. Oh! Continental call 560-562, free-bradine and Broward, or pound-56 the under-stelfall. A rack in the ins of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, B's-ree-read acquisitions, or the B's-ree broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM... Excited, you first, dude. The next day, Neil Rogers, the first, the first, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, I this is Mariée Povic, pushing you a happy Hanaku. Ok,ü snuggle on, we have to even it up, done, ... So anyway, man I told you, this, the best of you guys are the biggest assholes on a Facebook Earth, we have to start with this thing, So let me just put it off to the side for me before I get hyper ventilating and to work up about that thing with those Jamblings ships. Oh my god the evil slot machines Boy mankind make almost think about that Here if I I think we ought to take up a fund once we get our set of one thing done It will take up another collection and use that money for a psychiatric help for the editorial board of this comes sentinel and of course at the hill, but they're being on hope Man, they got a line in their editorial today and then in their own newspaper They've got a story that totally debunked everything they write on the editorial page But they must be pretty smart. They must not read their own newspaper. Maybe they're reading the new octimes or something like a real paper Because it's just amazing to me. Okay, our center one total getting to that. We got the honor and what we have Because we still have three stores candle lab and tour and coconut grow that have reported in from borders from last week Oh and by the way speaking to center one thanks to our good close personal friend Scott and Laura Schwartz Oh towards who I am embarrassed to say now works in our sales department How do you like that what a come down this guy used to be the was he the sales manager of the general manager at TMI Salesmen it was a salesman first of all he used to be on GTR anybody remember GTR? No, sure you do GTR who are the abosos in the morning on GTR Herman and McQueen there you go anybody see them lately. Oh, that's why they turned into working suds Anyway, Herman and McQueen they were like the real big in the market for about five minutes on GTR that was the big I mean gigantic And then all of a sudden it became the coast So Scott Schwartz kind of vanished out of there. He want to be in the Sales manager for the classical news Exhtation WTMI for the smoothie station I mean love 94 that's really enough But TMI that's the real new station for people who are high brows much much more intellectual level or rest of us They listen to Beethoven and drums and the Bach and the crap like that and Mozart and all those other Fagots so anyway to then evidently he had a parting in the ways with TMI and of course Scott is a big hockey fan and Scott's wife Laura used to be our continuity person at IOD anybody remember Laura in fact, did we ought to play that thing in the honor of her today? Yeah, role strikes is conversion which I was thinking about that yesterday Laura was a guy. I mean she's been married to Scott so long now and had so many babies By the way, so that's the glace element there Jews don't have that many babies, okay? Who? Well, they do have only two sort of no seems for a while there that every time I see Laura at the hockey game She was perpetually pregnant Wasn't she but I saw them the last game and she looks great. She looks better than ever. Nice going Laura So at any rate they were she was our continuity person at the other station W I O D oh, I hate that state. Yeah, we'd us to and Now Scott brings me a nice fact check for Senator one this morning. He's only been working here for like a couple of days And already he's comes up with a nice fact check So I don't want to say that anybody else in our sales department might to help us out with the check and we see the check from anybody else And so far no I'm not the sales manager. No no. Oh, okay So our center one total is over 72 grand and we got our only two big fund raises left tomorrow at shells In Pembroke Pines right in front of the ephemeral like small I'm playing Boulevard That's five to seven p.m. Before the hockey game come on out Bring lots of cash pick up your best in the old t-shirts and CDs and cassettes and the helpers out I want to get to a hundred grand where I'm gonna be bitterly disappointed and as told that to George this morning We said no chance Well, that's what you said You said it doesn't look really good. It's not too much Grab my gut and belly laughed for about five yeah And then our final appearance will be at borders and plantation on Saturday December 19 which is two weeks from tomorrow from noon to two Borders and plantation where there's one of those perks behind the counter hates me like poison. Why care about that? Oh, of course not We'll still be there. We'll still raise a lot of money and maybe that'll put us over the top. I don't know well, it's supposed to be now the holidays. It's Christmas It's Hanukkah And that guy that called a couple of days ago. He's right. We ought to be able to raise a hundred grand for anything With like fallen off a log if we really have anybody listening to the show and we must have a lot of people listening to show on a reason I know that is no matter where I go like yesterday I went into strange territory. I went to did it didn't pay off. Oh, it did not Looking for my goddamn Tyson season beef strips. I'm gonna tell you I am so pissed off at myself for opening up a mouth and you're right. You warned me You said, are you gonna have to do was talk about this on here? I was so excited about these I even brought the box in I got it in my hand right now in a box too Tyson season deep strips Because people on the Atkins diet. I mean man you're just dying you're just searching for something that you can eat You walk into your super-rock and you go up and down the aisles and you'll check the labels on a back and everything is a carbohydrate feast So if you're fat and or diabetic which usually go hand in gland. I mean together And you're looking for something low in carbs that really has some taste and you finally discover something and can I find it? Oh, go into Albert's in yesterday and Low and behold the young man who's the cashier there at Albert's and who cashes me out He comes modeling over to me and shakes my hand. He's the guy to call yesterday I was talking about his teacher at whatever school is a big fan of mine into I know him and I said But I'm real grateful for that. He how do you like that? What are the odds in that? I've lived out in the west Broward for like about 10 years now and that's about second or third time I've ever gone in that store And here's the young guy who called here yesterday and then there's like a dark-complicated guy in there Hey, did you find this stuff you were looking for in here? Everybody in there brother listen to this show But we can't raise 100 grand for charity now. That's if it were three months period If we were trying to do it in the week I'd say well, you know, it's an impossible task Best in the LCDs volumes one and two the best ever in the history over the many years that we put those up They're sitting in board as for your waiting right now Or if you're too lazy to go to a board as which they're eight of them all over God damn datebroward and Palmbees if you're too lazy for that You can sit there with order right off our website neorodges.com you could order right there on the internet Or you can pick up your instrument your phone and call center one book nine five four five six three 3600 in order when on the phone they'll whip it off to you have it in no time Because these are supposed to be the holidays and supposedly I this is Mario over which wishing you a happy Hanukkah everybody's buying gifts and they're cut loose with a cash and the markets up 100 points to their 80 points now, but at any rate, you know, making a little bit of a comeback So to make a long story short. I'm in Albert's and yesterday looking for my Tyson season these just I'm gonna tell you what a crappy store that is by the way I shouldn't have said that that kid will get all bent out of shape. He works there. I don't care. It's a crappy store Clean store. It's not a dirty store like Some of those other ones used to be that are no longer in business. Oh, it's clean and it's big and the store too But they don't even have the Tyson chicken strips now. Maybe they did maybe my opening up a mouth is put a big one on those But they definitely didn't have anything even remotely like the season these tips I was looking for and I walked out of there with a sour look on my post like Oh crap Not that it's that far off the way it's up there Oakland mob Hill, but I mean, it's you know not a place I would ordinarily go then making matters even worse. I mean much much much much much worse than that Come to find out I come in this morning and remember the guy that called and yesterday toward the right at the end of the show. I picked him up cold But like he's gonna leave me cold the guy that works for Costco and promised it to a clock today Was gonna bring me in some of this stuff. Well, cause George you called it this morning was it? Cause George this morning is saying oh bad news Bad news we don't have that stuff, but I got something else that I think you're like just is no no Hell, I don't want just any old meat. Okay. I don't want your old meat. I want my Tyson. Yeah Yeah, I mean there's a lot of old meat out there believe me. Just don't know when they'll look outside there's loads of old Oh, want you me What my Tyson season beef strip Scott damn it. I feel like the jackass and kukus mess now. I want my Tyson beef strips There's ratchet. Okay, find them never will find them again And you know as much as I like them as much as they were delicious I'm not gonna be driving to Miami lakes. I'm not gonna be driving to what was yet Delray Beach Hoppano Beach Fort Myers Fort Myers Naples, Ella Quippa Ishbring Michigan Oh, I tell you some good time though. I'll tell you that Come on it's after 10 at 5.60 WQM your beef Where's my meat the critics agree this collection of holiday songs made very well be the most moving and memorable of all time I Can't know what music presents Elmer father Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible jingle bells jingle bells Jingle all the way oh What fun is do I didn't want horse open swear oh? What fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics before in by America's most beloved honor of Wabbards who's on the way knows when you have a family sign And if you ever saw it You would even say it Elmer Fog Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your set in the mail You'll know why oh, everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics So cold toll hurry out one 800 Apple wagers are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town 15 at 5.50 WQM. Why did I play happy birthday you asked because fun day evidently is an not only George's birthday But I think fat riches guys birthday understand days years. I'm pretty sure because every year I forget Well, no, I just I'm just not good at remembering things. I do remember my mother's birthday a couple of others in that shit That's enough so a happy birthday to George and fat rich and Tracy and Ely and Rodney Baltimore and Do they hurry him back by the way? I don't know maybe he'll call over there how 105 did they get that all straight enough because otherwise They're gonna be getting sued and stuff like that So anyway, let's get to the important meet to the matter while we already did get to the important meet Let me just take this quick call. There's a mobile implantation. Hello Uncle Neil yes, sir. I solved your problem. Yes, not going query and mixing much you want Not Bill and Cleary yeah, you know we're about to do I sure do the place where you can Get in but you can't get out that parking lot right It's not the best design parking lot. You know I bought a pack yesterday You were okay it's spicy and kind of you know and it's moist. It's not dry. It was okay Oh, I'm not suggesting this is like a you know a ribby at Ruth's Chris. I'm not suggesting that But at least for novelty is something edible. You know you're well on the virtually no carbs You were talking yesterday about the airplane flying and I was cracking up. I was flying back from Toronto Sunday night and the exactly the same thing happened Diserving the serving the meal the guy at front of me puts a seat back the things in my stomach with the food right Hate that I mean it's a lot of you don't two and a half hour flight you can't sit with the seat up Well, and I was just on air Canada American oh an American well at least the food is good on American anyway We'll post the food cheese wasn't good wasn't good Food Okay, what do you think is the beef strips okay? Thanks. Yeah I'm sure as Americans got to end good food as your line food goes. I mean everything is relative I'm not suggesting these beef strips are like fish food. I mean don't get me wrong Don't go call me on money. It's always scarred the whole town but I've got some and what's a big deal The big deal is that it's like almost no carbs in it and it's not dry and it's not bland It's got some taste to it and it's something different and it's something that you you split the little bag open You pop it the microwave for three or four minutes and then if you want to like add something into it like cheese or vegetable But then you put that in put it in for another minute you got a you know something and you can Great part about this is there's nine ounces so it's like a little over half a pound in the box So like you can you could I could bring it in here pop it into microwave and just eat it as a snack through the day It's not like something you have to sit down and eat is a meal. It's something to pop in your post the passify you with no carbs I'm see this is where ackeens blew it. I've been seeing this for years The ackeens diet as many of you know is sensational it works and if you're diabetic it's like a lifesaver The only problem is number one. It's boring and number two You know he went into the vitamin thing and all this other and then those stupid cheesecakes Which got all mighty Bob forget that goddamn cheesecakes already Jesus Christ God Seriously how you know I have at first of all I've never been a big cheesecake fan to begin with because cheesecake even good cheesecake is dry It's almost like eating cardboard. It's like eating halava I like halava, but how much halava? Could you really eat you know those of you attend Jews out there realistically? Who know what halava is? It's like eating sandpaper. It's dry Personally I put something in my mouth. I like it a little on the moist side Did a lot I'm talking about? That's what I was afraid of But seriously, I mean who the hell wants to eat a cheesecake? It's dry and It's real rich and how am I and and usually you go into a restaurant? They give you like a little tiny piece because it's so rich. It's like pick-and-pie now I do love pick-and-pie Talk about rich, but does anybody ever go need a big piece of pick-and-pocket? No first not Unless you're out of your mind Because it is so rich that your body immediately It's like eating truffles chocolate truffles As my little dog discovered a year or so ago. You know, I mean you can't only eat like 20 or 30 They're very very rich especially they are like powdered truffles. You know that all my god And of course the fact that when you eat more than a couple your body starts like we Grigitating a little bit like protesting in fact I'll tell you something. I know I'm allergic What am I talking about here? I know I'm allergic to chocolate because usually if I eat chocolate I've almost any kind I'll start coughing in the beginning like that because I'm allergic to it Your body is telling you something So don't be eating like half a pecan-pile you're gonna light up an intensive care. It's bad for you So all of so nobody wants cheesecake but doctor-actions You know if you would just come up with a line of products I mean I suggested to him when I met him at that time we did that a parent said the song rest I said you would be great to have like a chain of doctor-actions restaurants With almost no carbs with just a whole variety of meats and different things Would not have been a great idea? Oh somebody could have made millions doing that and unfortunately I thought I did was talk about it. It's a great idea So short of that how about just the full instead of just vitamins which is fine how about a food product line instead of just stupid god damn cheesecake? Because the first thing about the actions that did you go into a store and you look on the labels and just Carbel hydrates and carbohydrates and like I've been telling you for years now. They're killing us including me. They are killing us Carbel hydrates are killing millions of us potato chips you can't just eat only 500 of them Precials candy addictive refined carbohydrates that Stimulate your taste buds and as soon as you're starting you want our two you become rabbit as you can eat like thousands like Mundal bread if you know what I'm talking about right mundal bread loaded with sugar killing us So if this guy was really a teaser is a brilliant diet doctor But as far as being a marketer or merchandiser the worst if you ever seen that information Did you ever write up seeing it all the worst info? Merchill it makes you scream for Ron polpiel it makes you it's seriously it makes you pray for the guy with a guinto knife Anything but not the doctor act in gin for Merchill the world's worst most annoying He's got some jappy bitch from the from the you are come on try to die it works come on. It's gray. You'll be so skinny It's worse than the ones with that the faggot from chips what the hell is it that keep forgetting his name? I have a mental break on air if you're strata. Oh, yeah, we make it right here in Miami and people are trying it We couldn't believe it they're losing weight Biola craft yeah, they got a new They got a new one did rugged called biola yeah, and people are losing weight by the way to see that thing on slice the loner yesterday You know he claims that he's moving out of here because of the crime but the real story of that he's pissed off that they wouldn't change the road and do this So do that and he can't manipulate and control he have the people there so he's gonna pick up his goodies and take his elitorate act someplace else Well, pack your stale stat would fly okay you a literate dumbbell Yo, there you go. There's a guy made millions of dollars by being Intentionally more illiterate than he really is which believe me he's got a good headstock yo, Adrian What a jackass and they make a big deal out of him here because it's such a guy named boring place So speaking of boring place. Oh, yo This thing and and you know me. I hate cruise ships. I'm now I've been screaming about the cruise ship operators About the Mickey ever since the world about the Bahamas and what a goddamn rip off on a bunch of crap that place is But the fact is you should have your own choices that's all the final electric cruise ship That doesn't mean I think the out of go out of business or that the state ought to be rating them or wasting taxpayer dollars to be involved in media stage rage Great column by Robert Stein back by the way and I too bad he's not still on a radio somewhere I might actually listen to his show his column usually make a lot of sense nice going Robert Highstakes harassment is what he says, but I'll save that for last Because the sun set and the let me say it again. I know I keep harping on this every day of my life But it needs to be said We have two horse crap newspapers in this town. We don't have a real we don't have anything that closely resembles in his paper anywhere here in South Florida It's embarrassing it's humiliating it kind of like fits in like a rubber glove. It is so bush-league And I would love to know I'd like to be a fly on a wall in one of those orfaces up there at the hero to the Sun settle and find out what the real story is Why they have this psychotic history about the evils of casino gambling in all these years every time it gets on a bell These people start like ping on them so they start calling to an elephant for cases in cases of depends underwear Because they can't control their their bodily functions they get to a psychotic at the prospect that they're could because You know gambling here and just having come back from Vegas for about the five thousand time in my life and having had a great time and seeing all these other seeing the place jam packed with people Drive it around this morning here for crying out loud and not that I'm complaining mind you it was like a holiday I don't know what the big deal was today, but I don't think there's is there anybody here? No, it's already December the fourth of the stove where it's back. No, is there are the interiors here? No, the fact what? In my neck of the wood well, maybe in your neck of the woods, but not like usual what I'm saying is that gloss Vegas is jam packed with people Have it a great time being treated great Losing their ass and still having a great time and you know a few winners like that old bag that won the 27 million at palestration three weeks ago But down in this town and this is a neck of the woods baby Oh boy the evils and they got a lot. I'm gonna read their editorial Which is the worst editorial and then most stupid them and then they got an article in their same newspaper Which if they would just read their own newspaper shows you that the right on the gambling ship was bogus They had that hearing yesterday was they're continuing today by the way. They're probably at it again right now and and and bogus These so called investigators after all these months of Cloak and dagger and bull crap and all the money that they wasted in time in the media stage defense Most of it is the bull crap just concocted well that might be this and it might be that but it would but yeah, right No, we do know one thing it's evil 1026 at 560 WQA Where do you find Joe Rose just to force and see gold sea the first team white wearing you got it Fort radio 560 2 8 out 10 30 at 560 WQM I can't believe this I'm looking at the phone thing It says Don Yager one of the co-authors of pros and cons is on the phone. How you doing, Don? Good Neil how are you great? I was reading because you know I'm one of those people who read by two three books at the same time Well, I picked up your book about a month ago. I've been like reading it, you know, peace meal chapter by chapter I was reading last night a risky business because I you know skipping around in the book And reading about the Kansas city cheese in Tim Barnett and about how they never learn their lesson and then of course after the got to you with that episode Right exactly they moved on the way in Simmons and it doesn't really seem to make any difference Well, in fact, they've just bounced 07 and sitting off the buffalo Really? Yeah after the debacle a couple weeks ago I don't know if you saw that money night game in which I get a good stand for which for the end of the game The chief's just completely lost control. I think five consecutive penalties for That we've been working just out wages and Simmons was among them and so the next morning they woke up The president chief woke up and said, you know what we need to get rid of guys like this and they cut him right there Middle East house remain act doing by the way. Well, well, my understanding is he was arrested again, right? Right, yeah, and so you're in jail guys just got no Got no chance of Figuring that does it. Yeah, it's interesting because Here because this is a sports day. She even the light on to a sports show and he's for hours But I listen to these idiots had called on the sports shows and you've got to really blame the public for this more than just the league or the owners of the team You got to blame the public because they really I don't think most of the so-called fans really care Is not as long as you're on our team and as long as you can help us win We don't give a damn how many women you rape how many people do you murder what you do? We want to win You'll let us so true. I say you know I've said all along there It there are two groups that are probably most responsible for this and one is the public and the other's the media I mean, I'm in the fact that we don't do I mean, some of these records were there for the for the asking just nobody ever asked for Right as sports reporters You know, we choose only to cover that which happens in the field and what happens to these guys and they're off the field You know, we follow them in the league's belief that that doesn't matter when it's fact it does I mean, I don't think we can hold these guys that as role models In since you wrote the book, I mean Lawrence for Lopsie already had his run a hidden plantation and then you know He's long gone. He's been cut Tell her Charles Jordan. He's vanished from the scene because he had you know problems again And these guys it seems that most of them. I mean there are exceptions But most of them just never learn or less and they're just obsessed with raping women and abusing women and You know, it in the scene that that is it's all it's all fun and games well They're in the whether in the NFL and there are people out there, you know, to cover up form and in fact as you said You know when you're talented there people out there who will it in fact do that But the date of the year you play in this row or your habits don't end and You know and suddenly the issue becoming a dangerous society is a whole lot more real No, I just I don't think the my Tyson thing is a classic example of the way he merkin public idolizes these goons And you know, here's a guy that went to prison for rape There's no question that he was guilty. You know choose tries to chew off a guy's year His is behavior and he here he had another scraped the other day just day after day You read about the things that he's doing this aberrant behavior He's like one step away from an animal. I'm not sure in which direction and yet if he were to come on and fight the bum of the month tonight Like it eight o'clock tonight There'd be millions of guys that go out there and spend 50 bucks or 80 bucks or 100 bucks on pay per view to a subsidizer You know and in the the shape of that is that as long as we don't as long as we're willing as fans take that It's a fall for that None of them will ever learn a lesson but there is not opportunity. I mean we could we could do something we could say something and Unfortunately, I just take it take shows like yours it takes You know books magazine to take the you know it's gonna take some pressure from the other end to say look I think we'd like to hire standard Of course you would be when we'd be tough to create a higher standard at this stage Right, well, so what is the reaction to your book? It's been out for a while now. I was is the leaked reacting formally in any way Yeah, the leak is the well for I do know in fact the Tampa TV station did an interview the day with Tony Dungee for the book Concerns and asked him for a comment in Tony Dungee said For the first time on the air that the leak has issued a mandate that they don't want this book discussed by any leak personnel Any team personnel, so you know that that to me. I imagine why that's the highest form of compliment I guess But you know in conversation I've had in places where I've been one on one with someone from the league on television on radio The thing that's gonna come up is you know the leak is said makes it open me to me Hey, we've got the number one television package in sports Stadiums have been more full, you know fan of approvals never been higher clearly They don't have a problem with it. You don't understand why you be and Yeah, yeah, what are you trying to be a trouble maker here? What's wrong with you, man? Yeah, it's a zip I can be described right right It starts a lot of while I said start to start to start even before our college starts in Elementary in high school with a lot of these kids in the ghetto wherever the hell it is But but at the college level the acceptance of this starts I was reading the update that of all major universities the brass kids got their worst graduation rate of any of minicors Tom Osborne for years was notorious as a gangster lover and the whole doctor Tom Osborne so that always that they did Right, right, I didn't Electbolize the whole thing and we had the same thing down here when Jimmy Johnson was at U of M and we had the the gangsters with the hurricanes with the Camouflage outfits at the you know the festival and all that other crap and you know and University of Miami has had a a constant ongoing Succession of these embarrassment and and people talk about they they don't talk about those things Allie talk about we had the Brian blades episode down here and his agent, you know comes along and says well We don't have time to deal with the law enforcement people because he's got to get up there to see you And run fast and jump high Yeah, I mean just three or four weeks ago you had Leonard Blittle of the The St. Louis ram right getting drunk behind a car behind a and you kind of wheel card killing the woman And having a head coach of the of the Rams a dick for meal Say the next day, you know, we want to welcome we will welcome him back. He needs football and football Me, but there's a there's not a great gangster level. There was a good for me on I'll tell you what when I and you know my my impressions of so many people Change is doing reporting this but did for me a being one of them I mean when he embraced Ryan Tucker or one time offensive lineman And a beef at the website for for the For the Rams who came from Texas Christian University Where while at TCU he had four of his buddies all the way to 50 or more Be with an inch of their wife of his life a young man and wait about 150 pounds That's really gutsy and then yeah, oh, yeah real big of them to do that outside of a bar And when when he was drafted by the Rams reporters asked for meal who was struggling with Lawrence folks at the time You know, we're done to our two little bit concerned about this guy's felony record years I mean he's been a huge charge with the felony with a tempted murder and For meals at all that's a little over stretch bottom line is after looking at it at least I know if you can finish a fight right here I think I'm gonna fight right. I mean, I mean I'm even if it's with three other guys in the guy that he's fighting weighs 150 pounds That's the turn the stomach of any But but don't I don't think it does I don't I I get very little response about if they don't seem to care in other words as long as you can help us win When Jimmy Johnson side Lawrence Phillips, you know, I was screaming on the ear Wow, what kind of insanity is this look at this guy's record this guy's a maniac and These people didn't care if he could you know if by some miracle he would have turned out to be a great running back Which he didn't but if he would have they be they love him. Maybe kissing his ass right now Maybe talking about how he needed a fourth second champ They it reminds me the you know, it all comes back to that O Jason drum You know this hero worship if you're a jock if you were a jock strap no matter what you do in your personal life We don't care about that. You don't remember the free way chase on sure you do in LA When you're all running up and down with a side go oh We don't care how many people you murdered now. You did it why you did it you're a hero Yeah, well, I'm hoping I really you know we say that that people are or you know just don't care I think that ultimately Maybe some time our fans though, but I think that most of the NFL's fans support is based upon a pretty decent people who you know If they start asking themselves These the jerseys we want to buy for our children Yeah, the kind of people we might think most of them will say now and I and I and but I think the key is that it just takes Discussion of the subject and it takes information I mean you have to know these stories in order to be able to debate them and So first time now we've really got that opportunity and and I appreciate you In the kind of work you said about the book. Oh, the process sensation I've had several other several friends there in Miami who are having listeners of yours who called me up to say You won't believe in a rather stupid about your books In fact, I had planned I'd marked it. I got it in my hand right now in the book to the chapter three risky business Which I'm did that first part about the Tim Barnett. I'm gonna read that on the ear today Oh, it is a death right there. We'll turn your stomach as well, but thank you so much Okay, thank you for the book because believe me at the bottom that people You know stop glorifying goons and that they stop making role models for their kids out of guys who are Repost and murderers even in some case. You'll thank you for having me. Thanks a lot, Don. All right, buddy Don Yager writes for sports illustrated in this co-author of Pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL Jeff Benedict and Don Yager We must be psychic Because I was reading it last night flipping through and I'm one of those people at a book like this It's not like a story But that relates a whole bunch of different incidents. I like skip around a read parts that I find interesting And I was reading it last night and brought it in this morning with the intention of reading that and then out of the blue here He is it is a great book and some of you You'll say oh my god, this is unbelievable and rest you'll say we don't care we went away in the game Twenty before 11 at 560 WQA You I You You You You 47 at 560 WQA in so anyway, I'll get back to the pros and cons book later, which is great Which you really need but you know if you're gonna buy a book for somebody for the holidays and you've got somebody that's a sports fan Especially a football fan glutton by a netbook because it is it will be riveting. They'll sit there with their eyes glued with their eyeballs Glue the way but anyway getting back to this great. Okay. Let me get to the editorial first because I got just tons of stuff here And it's much too important to just the gloss over The Sun Sentinel the goody two shoes sank to Monius Holyer than now Sun Sentinel editorializes this morning crack down on gambling both a sure winner for states It isn't all right don't you feel better already about living in this state. Oh come on Just the headline makes me feel unliked it and like redeemed it goes on to say And there is a line in here. I've got a circle. I'm gonna tell you that is just I will let my pants when I get to that line of guarantee Florida voters have stated loud and clear at the ballot box that they don't want casino gambling in Florida Attorney General Bob but a worth in the sheriff's of Broward Palm Beach in Monroe County's have given a strong endorsement to voters Which is by cracking down on casino votes they claim more violating Florida's gambling laws they claim work The crackdown on six gambling both stock from Keylor would have here are beats of place Tuesday culminating under cover Operations that started in April This is December last time I check These surprise crackdown resulted in confiscation of equipment on two of the vessels the four others are back in business If the charges are proven if the charges are proven The operations could be subject to forefature of equipment and millions of dollars in fines Under the law the votes must be at least three miles off shore before they begin gambling operations Under cover officers board of the boats with electronic navigation equipment that uses satellites to pinpoint positions of vessels According to an investigator from the Attorney General's office the tracking equipment wasn't needed in some instances since the votes had And even cast off on the gambling began Some of the votes also were permitting gambling on sports events that would take place days later according to butterworth Under the law patrons can only bet on sports contests that take place during the cruise The gambling boats are white on Florida's waters unfortunately the state is powerless to prevent their operation outside the three mile limit Inside the limit law enforcement officials cannot ignore what goes on just as they wouldn't permit illegal book Making or casino operations in a strip shopping mall they shouldn't permit them on gambling boats operating within the state's borders Butterworth pointed out how foolish it is for both operators to jeopardize their businesses by breaking Florida's gambling statutes With the little patience they would be operating entirely within the law Patients however tends not to be a virtue of gamblers or gambling operators now here comes the line strap yourself in tight. Okay, strap that seat belt here We go here's the line from the Sun sent a letter to real board The majority of Floridians recognize casino gambling is a suckers, but that all two often leads to gambling addiction broke at homes and financial ruin Score court score court score court score court. I told you I'd wet my pants score court Let me read that one again because I've got it circled jerk The majority of Floridians recognize casino gambling is a suckers, but that all two often leads to gambling addiction Broken homes Financial ruin like right The state doesn't need it and it shouldn't permit both operators to break the law that for business end of editorial from the sanctimonious full of crap Hit the critical assholes who run your son sent in which by the way is published by the ultra conservative Chicago Tribune Corporation out of Chicago What that this is the most idiotic editorial this even tops the hero that a tutorial that I made mention of yesterday about how at least it's a firm Mutuals they they withdraw the money lightly from your wallet as opposed to the yeah, exactly As opposed to sucking it out of there like me doing the casino You're lightly killed your your bike roll is lightly killed at the permutuals, but they just butcher you in the casino That's the hero, though. That's their deal But that editorial pales into insignificant compared to this swill this garbage in print that appears in a major newspaper this morning The majority of Floridians recognize this is why casinos are opening all across North America From California to Mexico to Canada to all kinds of states like Mississippi why they're helping the economies of places that were like on the And forget about Atlantic City Atlantic City unfortunately is an aberration it was done all wrong Before they ever let him put the first casino winner they should have guaranteed That a lot of the money that a lot of the profits that would have been reached there would go back to rebuilding the city Did they do that all they did not and they've suffered the consequences of it and that's why Atlantic City is still a toilet But that's the exception casino gambling is a suckers bet that all too often leads to gambling addiction broken up as a financial room sounds like we're ready for prohibition again right on there you go Casino gambling leads to gambling addiction the permutuals all of whom advertising your goddamn newspaper by the way It's a son-cental they're okay. That's wonderful Certain kinds of gambling are okay. They're fine because casino gambling especially those evil one arm bandits baby. Why do you think they call them bandits those slot machines? They're good. He two shoes in this state like I told you yesterday. They see a slot machine and they like loads in their pants. That's right They start just drop it all over the place As soon as they see a slot machine because they know that the goddamn work of the devil is right there in front of their posts Now if these assholes who wrote this editorial would read their own goddamn newspaper Maybe they might have written something a little bit different or maybe they might out of written any of the toilet until all the facts were in Which I realized is you know asking a little bit too much Because in the local section of the same newspaper on the same day this morning Thursday December the goddamn 4th, 1998 Here is an article that says some crews loves valleys in states case on gambling territorial calculations of officer in question Attorney General Bob butterworth and Broward County Sheriff Ken Jenny may have fired the first volley But some crews vote operator constant Tino's Gus Bolas is intent on winning the naval war on Thursday Bolas and his company's attorneys launched the legal counterattack to the state's efforts to punish the Suncruis casino operations through allegedly violating a state law forbidding gambling and territorial waters in wild import The battle which continues today before Broward circuit judge Leonard Stafford clearly had state officials on the defensive In a contentious hearing before a courtroom packed with more than a hundred spectators the millionaire developer and entrepreneur A railed against the system state attorney General Steven A. LeClair for actions bulls said threatened his livelihood and those of his employees On Tuesday state officials rated the Suncruis six in Hollywood taking six hundred twenty nine thousand dollars in cash and removing gambling equipment In T-Largo officials took 216 thousand up to Suncruis one. They also took $6900 from the Suncruis to the river here until above or is it River or beach about Bolas subsequently moved to Hollywood is only south of operation now up and running If the states charges are proven the gambling operations could face millions of dollars in single penalties and Forfeitures bulls contends that will be disastrous for businesses in Florida where his companies won five casino operations and our partners and five others Because he has an interest in all ten and more than sixty million dollars in bank loans He's obtained to run them will be at risk if the gambling equipment seized on Tuesday is not returned He said Over 500 families are in jeopardy of losing their jobs bull is said all of the boats all of them are gonna close down with in ten days The biggest problem for the attorney generals office maybe the holes casino operators attorneys punched in their case Undercross examination by bulls attorneys the states witnesses did considerable back pedaling David Sanders a Fort Lauderdale police officer was part of a month long undercover investigation of six not photo casino gambling ships Including bulls is said his calculations placing bulls boats outside the three mile territory limit may be incorrect. Oh my God Might be wrong Sanders testified that he relied on a $250 portable device to map the ships locations with a global positioning system But he admitted that the system has flaws and may be affected by radio and radar waves Moreover Sanders said his measurements were not corroborated by any other method Also on Tuesday a Broward Sheriff's Office officer office deputy who worked undercover acknowledged that the state's allegation that illegal betting occurred at the docks ignored the company's position that the bets are not Consumated until money actually exchanges hands in international waters Bruce Zemat bulls attorney said that was a crucial piece of testimony People had a belief that until money is paid the bet wasn't complete and the unequipical testimony is that no money was paid until the vote is three miles out Zemat said The most embarrassing testimony first data authorities may have come from Joseph Jane Mandarin and economic crimes Investigator for the attorney general's office Mandarin was also testifying that he observed best being taken in territorial waters and admitted that his sworn testimony that one ship was not far out Let me say it again that one ship was not out far enough was only speculation He also said he has no idea how much if any of the money taken from the ships was the result of illegal activity Sounds like lost rights again by James Bovard and that we're just coming in and grab it all the cash Mandarin conceited that he made no attempt to determine whether ship First no operating in good faith that they were all being the law based on their own equipment. I didn't need to we said end of article Talk about nebulous at best But it was good for us. I don't the editorial says Even what was based on well maybe by the beef by the book. We don't know but it was great 1077-560 WQA End world Remember John IBM fella You You Hey I Pop chop I just want to be too old And I just want my death walk through To bring you up and all the way to the world Let's run for a long time, running for a long time Loosing the bill, running for a long time We're not in bed anymore, running for a long time We're not in jail Down the hill, a fire, a fire gun Where's the blood dead, don't you hear? Everyone wants a night change And yet, we're not in jail Tonight, jump in one piece of shit I just want to be you out, run for a long time Loosing the bill, running for a long time We're not in jail, running for a long time We're not in jail, running for a long time Love it all 350, 50 WQAM So anyway, the same thing the money is used to pay for by the way Who's editorial board is obviously a hell of a lot Holy are all arrest of us Page 13, and keep in mind this is all in the same newspaper today The news story in the local section We editorial on the editorial page And on page 13, see in the sports section The very same people who tell us about casino gambling being a Stuckers, but and that leads to gambling addiction And broken homes of financial ruin Goody two shoes, holier than now Here on page 13, see on the back inside for the record page of the sports section Ladies line And here is the line on let's see NCAA football, M.A.C. conference championship But hunting the West Virginia, Marshall and Toledo Then Saturday, Army Navy, UCLA, Miami, Air Force and Brigham Young And a set of what's going, then we got the NFL Then we got college basketball Then we got the National hockey league We got the pizza hard class, the hockey invitation The blue and the they got the odds and every again The silverman invented and some that the players haven't been born to play yet Now let me ask you this question, you ask holes at the sunset No, you hypocrite, you stank the money as bastard, you Henry Hides of newsprint Let me ask you this, why do you have these in here? Where are people? Just like these people will call this radio station 20 hours Who do you like in the air? You think they can have those people? Where are people going to bet on these sporting events? Can they bet on these sporting events legally anywhere in the state of Florida? No, they cannot. They could bet on legally on those cruise ships By the way, I want to get outside the tree of my element, but of course we want to close those down Because they're a blight and it's set of them so on So why is it that the same newspaper that tells us about the evils of gambling And it's so concerned that you're going to be losing your lunch money and about compulsive gamblers Just like compulsive drinkers and compulsive pot smokers, let's prohibit everything Let's seize just like lost rights in James Boulevard, more a seizure of property Seasure of money even though we don't know how much of that money was allegedly illegally But let's just go in here and grab up a half a million dollars a more in cash And put on a big circus for the media here on a project Not only knows how much money they spent on this project, which we now find out they've been working on Since April of this year and now it's early December And Robert Steinbach of all places in the hero tank out at least they've got the decent's to print his columns Since he's one of the few people in paper rubber makes any sense And I'm not going to read his whole long column that you read it, it's great He says Elliot and S would have been proud of their tactics He says tongue and cheek he said it was a marvelous exercise in overkill And then at the end after he talks about how poor a vision with booze didn't work he says Casino should be legal too, but the fact that they aren't is no excuse for the state to harass legal businesses That make gambling available outside state territory If the state is not minor violations that you're the minister minor punishment and go find bigger fish to fry I've gone Robert Steinbach in a hero today Thank God for him. Thank God for the fact that we got a handful of people in this town that are got the guts to stand up against the St. Timoni as hypocritical assholes like the Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jennings of the world And these editorial boards that both are so called newspapers in this town that are constantly giving us a big solid evidence Warning against the evils of those one of what are you people talking about And one of the many times we had Casino gambling on a bell here I'll never as long as I live forget that picture that the St. Timoni as righteous Who would never lie to us who would never manipulate public opinion for their own fun and profit That picture of some deadbeat also behind off the way behind the casino somewhere in Vegas out in the middle of the desert somewhere Here's some drift throughout there is he anywhere near the strip No, we're gonna run into this guy. Are there any drifters bombs on a strip? I've never seen any anybody begging for money spare some change on the strip. No, no But that was the best picture they could find to depict what Vegas is all about for the Yahoo's in this town Who've never been there some stumble by my theory in the middle of the desert somewhere who you know lonely fifty dollars Whatever that was all about I mean this is stuff out of the Stone Age Virginia. This is stuff out of the dark ages This is stuff out of the prohibition era Gambling is evil casino gambling is evil and the cruise ships are there illegal and they're a blight on the waters there Well, how are they a blight on the waters? Well, what is that name roughly pretty out there? I mean if a hurricane comes along and blows them all away anyway, we just found that out. So what's the problem? They're a blight on the waters out there You know, you know all the trips that I take and every time you fly at a florida you're fluk coming on in and you look down here There's some ships out there. It doesn't bother me I don't care what they're doing on there that gambling are they screwing are they oh whatever they're doing they're doing it and maybe they're having a good time. Oh, that's the problem. Sorry Maybe they're having a good time. That's where we're going into real Problems that right they might be having a good time Did anybody force them coerced them to go out there? No, did anybody promised them riches and fortune? Oh, no That's why they call it gambling. I hate to break the news to you people at the Sun Sentinel. That's why they call a gambling which you ought to know since you've got the odds The morning line odds on every sporting event and history of the human race right there in your newspaper on page 13 C today Just like the Harold has been doing for years while they scream and rail about the evils of gambling and talk a lot of cocka that makes no sense whatsoever And just like the article that I read yesterday the state of Florida spends no money no money to set up any regulations for these How operations on these cruise ships none to protect the public It's a lot easier just to go out there and stage your raid and bring the media in and put on a big circus side show then to set up any regulations and put any teeth into it Because that would require a little bit of knowledge a little bit of know how and maybe it would even actually somehow acknowledge the fact that there is a casino industry Which God forbid that we should do that in the state of Florida because we're held then we're obsessed we don't care what the whole state goes broke as long as we don't ever have to have real casino gambling in the state Then the powers that be will be happy. That's the only thing that keeps them with a smile on their posts We don't care about all those crime statistics about all the FBI list which got you know half of the cities in the state of Florida always up there in the top 10. We're not concerned about that We're not concerned about the crappy education system We're not concerned about any of the quality of life the things that we're lacking here in the state all we care about as long as we can keep casinos out of here then we got a great state there you go Anybody been to a block you lately 10 minutes after 11 at 5.60. Nobody's a Q&A America loves to watch boobs and butch and boydies That's stuffy in hot stuffy in Taylor But chilling story of a deaf woman alone in the fridge. I'm the killer she'll never hear coming Academy Award when a monkey may have been stars in here no evil. I feel are so frightening it So frightening it On the Commercial I Miss Marley may go in here no evil what you can't hear to kill you And we can't hear could screw up a really good commercial huh? It's log in 15 at 5.60 W to QM I mean, this is also you so pathetic you know and they keep a right and the stuff and they're all the Limings out there. Oh, yeah, you right you right dead bad stuff you right. Yeah, okay, whatever you say So since I'm on a reading tier here forget about these phones for while okay, I got I'm got stuff here to their calm loaded By the way, thanks to the Julio that called my stir out there my publics at the Asagras and they're stuck enough on my Tyson's season these tips And I sure hope they have lots and lots Cause I'm prepared to show off the big bucks. I may take home cases. I may fill up my whole freezes section with that stuff. I may be eating tender juicy meat all weekend long I'll tell you that right now Pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL by Jim Benedict and Don Yager. It's in hard cover. It's in your books there right now And as a little tease a little enticement to interest you in his book. I'll read another couple of pages here as I've been doing over the weeks in Don Yager Where if you missed it call this interly this morning out of the blue because he's heard a lot of people I mentioned the fact that I've been talking positively about this book. It's not a good book. It's a great book. I mean, you keep talking about the president getting blow jobs a lot of you. How about all these jocs these dumb Butcherist jocs that your kids are admiring these are the role models for America's that what it's all about. Oh, god RISCY business chapter three page 22 On March 22 1992 Kansas City chiefs wide receiver Tim Barnett was arrested for battery against his wife Barnett appeared before Johnson County district judge John Anderson the third on June 25 and pleaded guilty the lesser charge of this orderly conduct Anderson sentence Barnett the 30 days in jail, but agreed to suspend the sentence if Barnett completed counseling and refrain from further violation of law for a full year Then on June 5 1993 three weeks shy of completing his one-year probation term Barnett was arrested again This time Barnett had assaulted his wife and threatened her with a colt python handgun He was charged with making a terrorist threat and aggravated assault both felonies as well as one count of Mr. Nina was solved In another plea bargain deal Barnett pleaded guilty to Mr. Nina was solved in battery Judge Anderson on October 27 then we vote this suspension on Barnett's previous 30 day jail sentence in order to the wide receiver to jail But the chiefs were in midseason in Anderson agreed to delay the imposition of the sentence until no later than January 4th 1994 Presumably the chiefs season would be over by then and Barnett's incarceration would not interfere with his career There was one small problem the chiefs made the playoffs and by the time January 4th arrived the day Barnett was supposed to survive to himself into custody The chiefs were four days away from hosting the Pittsburgh Steelers in a second round playoff game Barnett was one of quote about Jill Montana's primary receivers and his presence in the lineup was crucial for the chiefs to win the game On the morning of January 4th Barnett's attorney William Grimichaw petition judge Anderson to further delay the imposition of Barnett's jail sentence until after the playoffs were concluded Barnett's job with the chiefs would be in jeopardy if he had to miss the playoffs Saturday and assisted Grimichaw Anderson whose patients was exhausted rejected the request and ordered Barnett to jail effective immediately I can't really justify tweeting you a whole lot different than I would treat anybody else just because you were can the city chiefs players said Joe Janderson from the bench Now am I supposed to just cross by fingers and hope this time it's going to stick and next time we're not gonna have you in here for hurting somebody real bad. I don't feel comfortable with that How was after announcing the sentence Joe Janderson suddenly took here and left the courthouse Meanwhile Grimichaw filed a notice of appeal and move for Barnett to be released on bond Assistent district attorney Melinda Whitman argued that the appeal should be denied saying the two sides had previously agreed a sentencing terms and that the appeal would probably be withdrawn as soon as the season concluded This direct judge Pro-Tam Robert Morris sitting in judge Anderson's place said he was required to set the bond which he did at $1,500 Grimichaw secured the bond and Barnett was released That's not right Johnson County district attorney Paul Morrison told the Kansas City star shortly after Barnett's release Mr. Barnett needs to be in there doing his time not because he's a chief but because he keeps breaking the law Yet the chiefs were glad to have their criminally convicted receiver available for Saturday's game. I'll understand the is that he's available to us for the rest of the season chief director of public relations Bob more told the Kansas City star Having Barnett and football uniform rather than a jail uniform proved crucial to the chief success with less than two minutes left in regulation and Kansas City trailing the Steelers by seven points Joe Montana was orchestrating one of his trademark come from behind drives ultimately Barnett was on the receiving end of Montana's game tying touchdown pass sending the game into overtime where the chiefs went on to win Barnett's spectacular reception sent sold out arrowhead stadium into a frenzy The following day the Kansas City star Doug Barnett the toast of the town His clutch performance caused fans and sportswriters to quickly forget that Barnett was a twice convicted criminal who should have been in jail The following week Kansas City was eliminated from the playoffs Barnett meanwhile remain free as he and his attorney continues his appeal On June 24th 1994 with Barnett's steel free, Joe Janderson expressed apprehension about Barnett hurting somebody real bad became a reality That morning Barnett along with two friends was staying at a hotel in Milwaukee he was in town to attend a friend's wedding At approximately 11 o'clock in the morning to niche a war in a 14 year old housekeeper who was working in her first part-time job Not on the door to room 215 although Barnett and his two friends were inside They did not respond noticing the door was partly a jar worn called out housekeeping still hearing no response He repeated housekeeping convinced the room was vacant warrant that as he had been trained entered the room to clean it to her surprise She discovered the three men when she entered do you want any service worn as nervous lay yeah responded to one of the men Walking between the men who are positioned on the respective beds war and restock the room of clean towels and drinking glasses before going into clean the bathroom Exiting the room after completing her duties worn was stopped by Barnett. Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question? He asked yes you responded What is your phone number Barnett asked to keep her eyes she's 14 years old Scared not wanting to divulge her home phone number worn handed Barnett a Manchester sweet courtesy card properly Properly mispelled her name on it and wrote on an erroneous phone number. I didn't want to give him the right numbers. She would later testify in court Barnett took the card for more and can I actually a question he said again? Yes, she said is Barnett took her hands and pulled her down toward the bed Ain't nobody been in this Barnett asked as he put his hands up orange housekeeping dress thinking that he was asking whether she had ever had sex before a war in responded Without warning Barnett suddenly turned Warren shoulders and forced her out of her back. He pulled up my dress and then he started rubbing on my breasts Worn later testified. He was asking me if it felt good and then he started to rub on my vagina. I kept telling him to stop. I had took take in my leg off the bed to get up And he put my legs back up then he put the covers over me. He started looking my ear. He asked me a couple of times did it feel good Then he unwut in this pants pulled them down to his knees and started rubbing his penis against my vagina He said he was going to put it in Then he started rubbing on my breast again and was rubbing his penis against my vagina real fast and then so of me started hurting Warren made a feudal attempt to push against Barnett's chest as he pleaded with him to stop But she was no match for his strength finally Barnett climbed off her and scored into the bathroom Warren noticed that her thighs were wet and her pants at panties had semen on them while Barnett was in the bathroom She pulled down her dress grabbed her catty full of supplies and ran out of the room to find a roller sister who also worked at the hotel After reporting what happened Warren was brought to the women's assessment center where she was treated and samples of blood Cuba cares head hairs and smears and swabs were taken Her clothes were placed in plastic bags for evidence and after confiding in her parents Warren reported the incident to the Milwaukee police In July Milwaukee authorities charged Barnett with sexually assaulting a child on the age of 16 a felony carrying a possible 10 year state state prison sentence The following day the chiefs who were involved in training camp released Barnett As with every decision we make we thought it was in the best interest of our football team at this time head coach Marty Schott andheimer told the press Although it was quite obvious Schott andheimer refused to confirm whether Barnett's release was resulted his arrest for sexually assaulting a minor On June 12, 1995 a Milwaukee jury convicted Barnett and he was later sentenced to served three years in prison On January 10, 1997 after being parole from a Wisconsin state prison Barnett returned to Kansas to serve 30 day jail sentence for the first assault on his wife back in 1992 By this point his high-powered attorney had withdrawn from her presenting him and the chiefs and NFL teams were no longer interested in him Attempts to reach Barnett were unsuccessful in the other book by the office One player one teenage girl one rape her with she men off the teacher team a lesson. It wasn't In October of 1997 only two years after the Barnett debacle the chiefs again made a decision to employ a player with a formidable criminal history In the quest for the best record in the AFC the chiefs made a blockbuster midseason trade for Wayne Simmons starting line backer for the Green Bay Packers Unbeknownst to fans in Kansas City Simmons was at that moment being investigated for the alleged rape of a teenage girl And then it goes on and on the state of Georgia versus Wayne Simmons with that story about his penis was here and it was there at said everyone so on These are the goons not all of them of course, but many many many many many many of them that your kids look upon his role models as heroes The pain money to get their autographs and set of them so on by t-shirts with their uniform numbers on them These are the guys that some of you assholes out there justify making millions of dollars to play some stupid game who are functionally illiterate at best and totally illiterate goons and morons and worse Great book pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL Jeff Benedict and Don Yegor rotten kid like 20 or 30 copies right now, please 560 560 p.m. 50 60 out of 18 T wireless line those are numbers that's 11 25 at Q a m The Friday you first clear I got a sweat up from my grand mom It was pink and black But don't worry be a high Was wounded on the fire Oh Return Just send me cash Your tax is where Okay, me I got a fruit taken from timeank Mixed Just A Each I got screws. What do you think that's interesting? This Christmas is 131 and 560 WQM. I'm John, is there a response here or what today? Wow, these people I got them fired up. I want to have a screaming and carrying on and they're really worked up. Aren't they? No. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Okay, they're gone. Which is 58 minutes by the way, they waited on hold. I got two of them and they left. That leaves one call on the board. Okay. Let me talk to some people in my chair. Let me get the waste basket out here. Hey, is there anybody in here? Anybody in here that might be interested in anything that I just said? Any comments coming out of here, huh? Is there any crawling object inside this waste basket? Anybody in here care about what I just wasted my time puking my guts out for an hour and a half? But this is unbelievable. This is the alternate week in my life. This week on these phones. And, you know, I'm going to tell you something. It was so embarrassing and so depressing to me that I wasn't even going to mention it on the year. Yes, today, unbeknownst to me. Hank was for whatever reason. Maybe he was doing the Jimmy Johnson, every whatever. Maybe he was getting laid out on all. But Hank didn't show up till three. So they had the kids. The three kids doing the show yesterday from two to three. Because I'm driving home listening. I'm expecting you, Hank. Hoping to hear Hank. And instead, I hear the three 10 year old kids doing a show. And they're talking the same usual. They had a cane, you see L.A. And they had the same crap. And 20 after two, one of them, a pronounces. Oh, well, we better get to these phones. Because boy, they're lit up like a Christmas tree. We got a full board of calls here. Let's, you know, and then of course it's the usual. The same sports nerd that you hear 20 hours a day. And after the exercise I went through here yesterday, obviously, again, in fact, every day this week, I'm going to go through again here today. They're great at it. And he responds to anything I'm talking about. I'm thinking to myself, what is this all about? We got a full board of calls here. I'll hand the guy three five. And they're okay. I could bring my little miniature picture on here. It happened to a sports show. We've got the mad dog. The big dog. The little dog. Let's have the little teeny tiny dog doing a sports show. And the phones would like a light up like a Christmas tree. Well, as you think, Jimmy was respectful of about record. Same old type like on a stuck record. And the people in this audience, it makes no difference. What it is that I say, if I scream it, if I read it, if I yell it, if I pee it, no matter what it is, man, you can't squeeze a response out of these people. It's like, second blood out of a goddamn rock is what it is. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, if you hate it so much, one day. Yeah, okay. Like I said, I want to talk to people who have something to say. Not a song that advanced about me. Not if I do this, if I do that, I'm talking to people who have something to say. And like I've said, a million times before anybody who's listening to the show is doing so voluntarily, and must be getting off on it. Okay. So save it for a rainy day. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you those, sir? Okay. 100% with you, man. Listen, this and before a former addict gambling meaning what? Meaning didn't it go to rehab for that? No, he did not. Okay, date counting, why don't open? 560560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Every 10-to-go indication in a morning show they're in rehab. Okay, pal. But evidently, you're too stupid enough to catch on. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm in total shock. I'm in a total state of shock. You're going to put you on high blood pressure medicine. I'm already on high blood pressure medicine. I just want one thing I would. I go on the cruises and some of these things though. I just don't think they, these places could track you enough. I mean, the game, the play, the casinos are really small. Yeah. And the foods really crummy. Yeah, I agree. I mean, and I think if they made it more of a, you know, but that's not a game. That's not the debate whether it's entertaining. And not nobody's being forced to go on there. These are people who go on their voluntarily. And they set up for months and months and months as big media stage event. And then they go on there and they say they put their feet to the fire yesterday. And they have to admit that, well, they're really not sure if they were inside or outside the territorial waters. And no, there wasn't really any money exchanging hands until they were outside of it. And the whole thing is bogus. Wasn't there an article in paper state that they were cheating in some way? The casinos were cheating, so the customers somehow. Yeah. And where's the beef? Where's the evidence of that? No, I'm going to say there's evidence in that. But I mean, you go very well. You know, you're seeing too many major winners going to come off of a boat. Yeah. So what is your point? Well, the point is is I just think that they need somebody out there. I think police it, but something. They need to regulate it. Well, I talked about that yesterday. And the state of Florida doesn't regulate it. They have no regulations. Exactly. There are three miles off the coast, but still there's people that are going there. I think it needs to be more regulated. And that would probably make them a little bit more obviously exciting and more, you know, entertaining. No, we're not having a debate here. Sir, I wonder what's exciting. You're better than we're having a debate here on whether people should be in there, rating them and confiscating money. Almost the worst. They don't even know whether it was gambling legally or illegally. That's what we're debating here. That's what was rights, which you don't seem to understand. We're not arguing. Is this glitzian up? Is it glamorous? I know something. I must not begin my point across here. I've watched the fine art of communications. This guy don't even understand. I was for an hour and a half. I said here reading and participating and screaming and puking and jumping up and down. And this guy's given you a song that's about how they can make it more attractive and more appealing and more glitzian. We're not talking about what the cruise ships are like. Logs of Vegas for a crime. I'll give this. Cruise ships are for suckers. I agree with that. But the notion that casino gambling is for suckers. I mean gambling is gambling. You go to the dog track. You go to the horse track. You go to the play the lottery. It's gambling. Getting out on a highway. Getting into a car driving on a road in the state. This is gambling. Okay? And it's something you do voluntarily. And if there are people with gambling problems with addictive problems, then fine take care of them. Just like people with drinking problems with drug problems. And this guy wants to give me a song to answer about how we can get up to cruise ships. Here's a mobile in Juno Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. What did he say was the caller not yet Dave from several people. What do you mean today? Well, I don't know. I'm not from here. I used to live here by listening to everyone's well. When I am down here, what I was going to talk about. Excuse me. I'm not sure you'll listen to it. But a G Gordon Litty had the author that book on frozen cons on his talk radio program. And it was very interesting. And he said when he compiled that book. I just had him on this morning, Don Yager. He was on here with me in Oracle. Oh, I'm sorry. 45. I just two down a little bit ago and picked it up. It was interesting. He said that he could probably fill the five volumes. Right. And that only he took like the worst worst case scenarios that just crime and just the goofball that are in the NFL. But like he said to me when I talked to him and it's a very obvious now. There's very little response about this because as long as these guys can help you or team win, the fans don't care. They don't care what you do. How many people you rape? How many people you murder? They don't care about any of that. As long as you run the team and you can play well and help them win, that's all these idiots care about. It's the sad thing. It just shows that what's stayed with theirs. It's a group of human beings who come to. Well, not me. Well, I hope that I'm not either. All right, we have a great family. Okay. I couldn't give a crap less about any of these glorified Johnson. It's pathetic. It's very sad. tragic. Even more tragic that there are so many people who care as if it's very important. Is that important that must be? Oh, yes, it is. Very important stuff. Open line at day five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, New York. I do have a life and enjoy my life. But I really enjoy listening to your show. I think you have a lot of valid points. And the unfortunate thing is that we do live in the society. We're more than 50% of our people don't understand English. The other 50% don't talk English. They don't care what's going on. I agree with you that if a basketball player can stop the ball, they get more excited about that. Then these clowns who are killing their kids. And that may be we ought to put a little gambling in town so that we could taste money. And why spend it on all the people we have on death row. Why don't we just kill them? And I'm not for killing everyone. I'm just a little bit too bad man. He touched all the bases. Let's hear it. There you go. We got to educate the public. We got to have a little bit of casino gambling. We got to kill all the people right away. Who on death row. And then everything will be a picnic. All right. You bring the ants. In fact, I think we got plenty of men here already. I think somebody answered on the space over the other building. And they're like moving over here. George tells me we got like insects in here. I mean, why should they be the only Roach and Fest that bug and Fest that huh? Why the hell can't we join in? I guess we are. Oh, I'll tell you. It will be sponsors. We're getting our spectacular. Thank you so much for reinforcing my faith in humanity. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty-w-two. QA near goofball station for the nineties. I'm sitting here right now and doing a real great cigar from Nick's. That's what I'm doing. Gonna calm myself down. Put a big round one in my push. Sit back. Put my feet up on a table fall on the floor. And just have a big smile on my push. Because Nick's makes the best of guards and the universe. Nick's is the largest manufacturer of premium handwalls. You're going to go down next. Just ask him for a little bit of a tour. They'll give you a no nonsense. Got it. Two are the whole joint. They'll take you in the back where all those seed pickers are back there. Roll in the cigars. And then they'll take you in the cooling rooms and the drying out rooms and all the meat places they have. And sure, you're really all the work and care that goes into making each and every one of these great cigars, which is why they taste so grateful. And why they're also so highly rated by cigar, Fisi and Otto magazine and cigar and cider magazine. The experts will know great cigars the best. So if you want super premium cigars at affordable prices, this is the place for you. Next cigars, you'll find them at 71 11 West Lagards to my least off your flag list to your exit of the Palmetto Expressway. Call them at 305-266-9907. And don't forget that if you can't get down the next year in the week for your convenience to open tomorrow on every Saturday 11 an AM until 4 an PM. Six on the lawn in your list. Get your sticks at next. Forty-three, you'll five sixty two eight out. Look at you. When, when is thatácres? Because you just beat the metal sc市場, which is equal to fifty three tanks. It's my struggle and a family reading. That rules for them to know that thing. It's a struggle and a big strung When he's back and saying that, So when we are together, It's a danger. No more people, no more people, no more people. Same thing, me, Ron, can we join the end, is here? It's 145 at 5.60 WQAM. We have one open line and one in-dryre for your proposal. 5.675560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and naples, shall I? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? About 20 minutes ago, I used to be, and I emphasized used to be a lifelong candidate, Chief fan. I think it's negligent from the half of the owner. I'm not so busy. I think they've applied their employees to conduct this like... Yeah. Well, they don't care. In other words, if he could, if Barnet could, you know, make a contribution to play off, they needed him desperately, and it turned out he did. They didn't care about how long his criminal record was, and how much he was doing it in a given grant. Well, I mean, you take the situation put into the everyday workplace. Someone, you know, just a normal job with this person after, with the employee after, you know, having to deal with this much court. No. Exactly. You know, we've put them outside the normal Browns and all the other. And you notice the one common scene that runs that recorded among these jocs is that, you know, women are there to be abused and used and, they're like a play toy. And if they don't cooperate, you beat the crap out of them, and then I hope that they'll come back and you can do it all over again. Exactly. It's a cycle of things that, by the fans, the owners, and we're reinforcing this, you know, that it's okay to be here this way. And then, until and we're the one who, you know, ultimately decide whether it's, you know, continuous, you know, if we, we keep condoning it, then why are there things that don't reach the stop? Yeah. Well, you guess what the world is still spinning, and there's no basketball season. Hey, I wanna go like that. I'm not expecting it. Okay, pal. Thank you. Have a great day. Two open lines and date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm, five, sixty on the AT&T, wireless line. They'll have to find some other freak show. Maybe the circus will come to town. Although seven foot two guys, they'll have to find some of the circus to work in looks like because the rink could be no NBA season. It's very unlikely, okay. And somehow the world is still spinning around. There's still breathing the fresh air. Left of it. Here's a mobile and lighthouse point. Hello. Good morning, sir. Uh, hurting talking earlier about the Suncouse casino thing. And what if the battery that was? And the same sanctimonious newspaper is not too far to the right to accept their advertising dollars. Right. They should see you the sports day to day. Have a day. See. And add for some cruise casino. Oh my god, a gigantic eighth of a pagead, no one. That's correct. Let's play Las Vegas action. More winners on cruise casino get a winning system. Lucky charm to tell that they're placed in Tried-out. December 7th, join us for Canadian night. To holiday slot. Turned out that said, we'll take the phone number, et cetera. And so on. Isn't that amazing? Calm down. But give us your advertising dollars. We'll take your money even though we think that you're discussing and wrote, well, 10's gonna get us a sucker bet, but we'll take your money. And we'll put the odds in everything it's illegal to bet on on page 13. Absolutely correct. Thanks for the good news. Okay. I don't even like that. I hadn't even seen that because who the hell looks at the ads in a newspaper. You get lost in there. This is what you're dealing with, baby. We'll take your money. We'll put your ad in the newspaper. But then we'll write an editorial about how evil you are in about the activities that are going on. But a white-year ships are on the Florida waters out there. Oh, God. What I would give for a real newspaper in this town for some people with some cohones, with some smarts, with some balls, with some consistency. Who are worried about really important things. And now that about trying to moralize for the entire community. Oh, you could, this, that line. I just keep looking at it and looking at it and looking at it and I don't know what's the answer with the left or right. The majority of Floridaians recognize casino gambling as they suckers. But that all too often leads to gambling addiction, broken homes and financial ruin. God. I mean, this sounds like, what's your name? What was your name with the prohibition thing? A crazy moment with the brick and the bottle of our people's head? That would have sounds like to me. All over again. Same old craft. From the dark ages, from the Stone Age. Curreation. Jesus Christ Almighty. What can't we got? Is Reverend Kennedy running the Sun's Central and Torrell Board now? Oh, that one it is. Now there's sanctimonious hypocrite. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Yes, hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a long time listener. First time caller. Right. I was just wanting to comment on football and gambling. I was just a big media circus. I mean, channel 7 just gets off on anything that is easy. No get ratings. And for the sports thing, I totally agree with you about parents having their kids. I'd advise these guys who are nothing but bad guys. Right. And the shows where the values of parents are. You know. They just don't have any. Okay. Okay. Have a good day. Two open lines and date 560560. 560 got a 18T wireless line. Yeah, Bubba's up there. He has to go through a whole grilling that never seems to stop because he got some blow jobs from a young lady who was there specifically for that intent and for that purpose. And opening up a big push to tell everybody in your shot that you could about it. And then they both lied and tried to cover it up just like anybody else does when they have an elicid affair. And that's why we have to drag the whole country through $70 million with a bull crab. But when he's athletes, when he's a little when athletes get out there on the field on the Sunday or whatever they're getting out there. Hey man, I'm right. Let's go out there and subsidize it baby and disguise the limit. Bobby Cox, see beat his wife. How many of you know, this is a common occurrence. If you're a joke, you can beat the crap out of you woman. I guess I guess that must be an unwritten law. I haven't seen that anywhere in the Constitution, but in these sports constitution of America, if you're in the part of the jobocracy, if you were a job strap or you hang around guys who do wear them, then it's okay to beat up your women. Okay, your women. Here's a mobile in Venice, hello. I'm calling from Venice. Yes sir. Listen to you out of Fort Myers and you would think the got the M.D's least would be. Would have a 800 number so you could pick up some of the callers out of Fort Myers. But with that long distance. Keep that. He really. I was calling them about this NFL thing. What's worse about this guy's beating hell out of the wives and everything else and getting a play football is that the owners manage everything else would hide it. If they could get away with it. Right. How are you talking about it? When you heard what he said, but if you were listening to a newspaper call that he said that the mandate has come down that nobody that will be owners or officials. Anybody associated with the teams is supposed to discuss or respond to any of the allegations in this book. They just want to stick it under the carpet and bear it. And you know that the networks, like CBS, which is invested a billion dollars now to get the rights of the football back again. And Fox, they're not going to talk about any of those because they've got his vested interest. They're not going to shoot themselves in a feat. They're going to make it on his back. It's a damn dollar bill and it's. It's just a pointing, you know, because like I was watching the Cowboys game. And, um, and I thought I could think about it and it just it took away from the game and I just took my head and just like this basketball thing. I hope care if it ever comes by based on based on your mighty dollar and what can we get everybody for. And Patrick you and it was making 18 million years says he's real concerned because he's got to put bread on the table for his family. Yeah, I really care. Yeah. And I'm going to put it up next meal is coming from. I wish you guys to get an 800 number. I think you get a lot more colors out of four miles. I'm sure we would have not projected that to them. And as soon as I say that, Greg read runs like somebody lit a fire under his ass. Well, tell me, you know, I'm in Naples, which is 60 miles north. Right. I mean, I'm in Venice, 60 miles north of four miles. Right. And I got a great signal. So you should be getting more money because you're coming up here too. Okay. Okay. I'll see you in the minutes you two open lines in date. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT and T wireless line. God forbid that we should talk about these things on this station because this after all is a sports, Jocca worship worship ballad bull crap radio station. And just like we said, we could put little barking dogs and monkeys on a year for like an hour and people to call and hey, what's the morning one on at the Kansas City game is a year old God. You think that's pretty. I think that the Syracuse is going to butcher up against temple. I think some of you guys need to go to temple is what I think. Get on your knees. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. The most upsetting part about that article for me is the fact that they said that the voting population of a floor does not want casino gambling. I don't remember being bought to a vote in 12 years or 11 to 10 or 11 years, I think it was. And then. I think it's less than that. I don't think so. But I might be mistaken, but either way. I do remember ads that I'm pretty sure that the cruise ships and the paramutuals put together. And the Bahamas and Christian. Right. That I remember one at a particular was look what gambling did to Atlantic City and they showed some really down the press neighborhood in Atlantic City. Right. As if the casino's brought in that, those neighborhoods were there for 40 years before the casino's came. And Atlantic City is perfect for these past years down here because it's a toilet and that's the one example of real fine casinos in this country that's still is a toilet. And so they keep pointing to Atlantic City over and over and over again. And as if this town is in the kind of shape that Atlantic City was. But they think that they brought in that neighborhood because they know that those neighborhoods were there for years and years. And yes, they didn't fix them up, but that's the confidence hole. Let that bitch spend some money in Atlantic City, but no, she's too busy filling up pockets and all her other friends. It's just ridiculous. This whole thing is ridiculous. Everybody's no Bob Butterworth is a jerk. This is just terrible. Keep giving them help. Welcome to Florida. Okay. See you in parameters. Yeah. The animal crap. Same old tired faces. The Bobby Butterworths in the Ken Jenny's same old tired retreads. The L.A. Anna Gross, Latin and all these super moralist companies. The companies that might have gone. Yeah. Same old crap. Xavier Swara is illegal signatures on petitions. Absenty ballots. The fraud. Did people voting. Nobody cares. Hey, at least you get used to with though. You know, because it's one thing about consistency. It kind of like, you know, fits in like a rubber glove. Four minutes before noon at five 60 WQN. Here's my dad laid down on my couch. You know, he's so often an artist comes along that captures his song, the true spirit of Christmas. Now that hallowed tradition lives on. Okay, come. The hottest working man in snowlessness. But Godfather of Noel, Mr. James Brown. Mr. NASA. On his own, on his back. He's a bad guy. And it's him. If you're not that young. If you're wild. There's no other James Brown. There's no more. But you're like a set up for the soul. You know what? It's me. Tim. And you better wear my pants. Hit him that jam. Hit him that jam. Hit him that snap. Hit him you. That is gonna be a new day. Why these good-for Christmas when you can be bad. Start walking, you're stuck in with a jam, Brown. What's that? Hit him in. And you're seen. Got to do that new one king. I'll be a bro. Follow two. What if he's stopped gambling? Follow two at five sixty. WCM. It seems to me the editorial board of the newspaper. I think it's supposed to set the trend. Even though there's shepherds from the commercial pages and the other parts of paper. All right. They're supposed to set the trend and the tone for what a newspaper stands for. It's all about the what seemed to me. That what it's all about. All that's interesting in the same sports. And this is not unusual because I've mentioned this many times before. But the same newspaper that editorializes with their good-eat-touches attitude about the cruise ships. They do have an ad for the Sun cruise casino. It's the guy pointed out on page two. See a big, very prominent ad. And on page 12. See his news papers all across America. See the reason they put these ads in because guys like getting laid. And they like to gamble in that order. And here we are. A half a page on page 12. See Park Avenue theme their list court. That's Alexander Resescord service. Young and beautiful. Twenty dollars discount on credit cards by the way from Alexander. Southern Comfort private sweet. Friendly staff. Joan Powell Escorts. Escorts all perfect ten adorable models in escorts. Porkies, Christmas party, Heather Hooters. For a lot of the else home of sophisticated ad. Both entertainment to best friction and town. All right. So, lunch on us at pure platinum. Scarlet's took these gold finger ginger, lenties, lounge, treasure wilden egg diamond dolls. On and on and on and on. Escorts, bachelor parties, models, hookers, whores, etc. See they don't give a crap. Who's money they take? They don't care about it because they don't have it there. Much like I told you. Thank you Monius hypocrites. I'd sure love to see the, you know, the skeletons rattling around in the closet to those people. Those assholes who sit on the editorial board of the Sun Sentinel. I just love to see those skeletons, baby. Probably fill up the whole New York Museum of Natural History with them. But, because, you know gambling, the ingenuity of Floridians have already discovered that the soccer bed and all two often leads to gambling addiction, broken homes and financial ruin. Just look at Nevada out there, man. There is poor celebrities like line in the streets. They're under overpasses. Oh, that's here. Here's a lady in the forlaterdale. Hello. Lady in forlaterdale. Hi, is this Neil? Yes, man. Oh, goodness. I worked over a digital world and my boss has turned me into a total nearly. Great. Okay. I was wondering if my can see to make put on a learning with to start with our now. Okay. I haven't heard that one yet. Okay. You got it. Thank you. See you. What, what am I missing? Other people that gave us the satellite station. Receive it. What you said you were said what were digital world digital world digital world. Let it over. What you said. I thought she said something. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. 560 and Pomp 560. We love our friends at digital world. They gave us our satellite. So that we can watch this group all now investigating the president on CNN right now as I speak. How's that market? Do we better not be losing those games? We had earlier in the day. 124 off. Let's hear it. I think that got 33. That's like 165. Alright, it's about time. We got a little bit back from the rest of the week. Okay. Speaking of gambling. See that. That's another thing. I don't care what anybody gives me a song in a dance and a subtle intellectuals. I have never read an article in either newspaper. The Sun Sentinel or the Miami Hills about the eagles of Wall Street gambling. Have you ever read such an article? No. And you never will. And I don't care you can call it investing. You can call it. What if you want to call it? Just want there's only one word for it as I've well discovered his last couple of years. It is gambling. It's gambling without the fun. You go to the track. You go to the casino. You gamble. You have some fun. Maybe it's frustrating. Maybe it's exhilarating. Maybe it's exciting. Maybe it's boring. But at least you have a little bit of fun along the way. Wall Street all you can do is sit back. You're helpless. You're hopeless. All the experts. You talk to 10 experts. 5 of them. Tell you one thing. 5. You're not gambling. But of course we know nobody ever goes broke because they put all their money in the stock. Nobody ever loses millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars in stock market, right? And nobody gets addicted like those people that are sitting there quit their jobs. They're sitting gambling online all day. Investing in the market. You've seen that. I'm sure. The quit their jobs. They sit around. And what they do is they invest all day. And they're gambling online. They're gambling on Wall Street all day. That's not gambling. When did you get a total of coming in our newspapers about the eagles of Wall Street, huh? Here's this game garden. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Oh my thunder. I was just going to say isn't stock market a little gambling. In other words, but you're going to think of the whole point. And what is that? Of the casino shits. They're registered in foreign ports. So then I'm making any money over here. That's where you're rated it. Yeah. That's the whole problem. That's one good way to suck the money off the ship anyway. That's right. You know, that's why they did what can we do the same thing when they do a follow-up investigation or they they somebody takes money from government funds. Can we go in there and shut them down and close down their offices? Close down whose offices? The government to offices. No. We can't do that. No, but I'll visit you like an alternate Friday. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. We have an open line in the Browns. Somebody has it. We have that. We have that. We have this. Local police. They have to have heard of these issues. Help that house. Thank you. We have some nice house,room, laptop,还有 sleep. We keep a, we keep a, you know think We have time. Yes. You can call us as well. Workership programs. And it was a horrible thing to watch. The school has done wonderful things for a lot of people down through the years. So it's just to know the thing to make a notch at the over. Okay, well, at least he's consistent anyway. He may not be good, but at least he's consistent. And you know what we say about Bob Butterworth, let's all say it together. Even as always, has been always will will be. Former Sheriff Butterworth from Brown County. One great thing about Brown County, you know, you got Sheriff Nick that we used to have. We've sure had a great long line of, oh yeah. First, he just does Sheriff's in Brown County, really know there's stuff. That's my good friend over there at the market, the flea market. Preston and his hen. Nine minutes after noon at five, 60 W to Q a n.างול vρω annat Fredmi Like a gráfic it's arms boy Not good And gay All Well my money Oh So oh oh deian This Okay I love all life I know. I love people like those wild Christians. And how we all must think and act alive, not their things, whenever it's appropriate. Yes, we're nearly wonderful, everybody in the world is right and trusted. And look for the same and focus. I'm saying things. Warren, I don't think so. No, to me, that would be paradise. And for me, other things like... I am losing like a wild Christian. And how we all must think and act alive. All the games black and yet long must die until everybody's Christian. And why? Yahoo is right. 1260, that's the word. Yahoo, they're doing pretty good by the way on the stock market. Oh, don't talk about that again. It's gambling. I keep looking at the headline on this editorial in your scum scandal this morning. Cracked down on gambling boats or sure winner for state citizens as if something really fantastic has been accomplished. And then you look at the other article in the same newspaper in another section. Territorial calculations of officer in question. And they're having another hearing at school and on right now as I speak. So obviously, the whole thing is vague and ambiguous and up in the air as far as whether they really were in violation of the law. But a sure winner for state citizens. And not because they were in the right, not because they confiscated money that was necessarily being a gambling illegally. We don't know. Do we know? I don't know. Exactly. But because it was an attempt, at least an attempted crackdown on something that's evil and disgusting and it's got to stop right now. No, yes it does. Now, because they are fired up and pissed off at the scum scandal about you back. You want to gamble your lunch money away. And they're going to come to your house and hold you right by the hand and prevent you from doing damage to yourself. Here's a mobile in Margie, hello. Mobile in Margie. Hi, yo. First time calling a long time list. Yes sir. I'm almost out of battery power here. Great show today. I was just calling for like you know that I agree with a lot of what you're saying. I'm not a gambler. But this state has all of its priorities mixed up. Yeah. There's a guy who's up in telepathia. I had a medical exam done in a hospital and all the price double bill for things. Things I was able to prove, able to document, have family who are doctors and nurses and other states around the country. Right. My school in telepathia, I'm going to have to charge a morph test in what a hospital in Manhattan, New York with charge which is supposed to be more expensive. I contacted the Attorney General's Office insurance commission's office papers. This is around the time. All the Columbia investigations were taking place. Nobody wants to listen because I was a one little citizen. Not being backed by the federal government and it's budget. And they said send us a documentation where this bill was taking place. I did so. They would send us a letter to the hospital and a hospital would reply back. Oh, we checked the records. Do it with no double billings. And they would accept those answers. Oh, yeah. The agencies which are out to protect us are protecting the hospital. Right. And they're getting away with it. And the state is a laughing stock which is the reason why most of the Columbia investigations will take place in Florida because they can get away with it. Just okay. Wanted to add it. Great show today. Good luck to our panel. Have a great day. We have an open line at Broward 560560 on a mobile one line. The at least one thing in the state working system. We can't get anything done. Talk in yesterday about automobile inspection that we have. And we have it in. Oh, I stick that pipe up your rectum and your car's record. That's about it. Grab 10 bucks out of your wallet. People driving around without insurance. Have we ever really gotten that thing straight now? No. You must absolutely positively have insurance to drive in this town, especially in the day County. No. Things that happen just as easily as coal out of bed in the morning and other states in this country. We just can't make them happen here. We just can't seem to get around to make them happen. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, what's happening? You want to some. I'm sorry to change the subject here, but I know you love Amsterdam. And I am traveling to Amsterdam on the 26th of December. Right. But unfortunately, I didn't reserve any hotels hotels and it's all booked up or so they say. And would you do me a few hotels that would not do it, but not to like see. But not to expect to have a not too cheap. Yeah. Well, that means they told you they're all booked up and what am I going to give you? I don't understand the question. You know, maybe you might know some little fine little bed and breakfast somewhere in Amsterdam. No, I mean, they have those places, but I mean, I'm one of those people. I don't travel 5000 miles across the world and then get there and start looking around for places to say, but they have, they do have youth hostels and they got a place where I think it's called a meeting point where young people come and they go there and they find accommodations for them. Well, I think that's what you'll have to do. You'll have to go there and check places out like that. The youth hostels. Yeah, but I'm going there for New Year's Eve. Is it that's got to be a riot, huh? No, would think so. Yeah, it's you don't have to go New Year's Eve for it to be a riot. It's your right, every Eve. Yeah, but even now, being that it's, you know, the New Year's time, it's going to be crazy. But I thank you very much for whichever and your show is just wonderful. I listen to you on the internet and you're just rocking, they're okay. Good luck, pal. Have a good time. Thanks, pal. We have an open line. See when you're young, you can do that. You know, like the guys used the backpack and travel, slept all over the country, you can do that. You know, and who knows, of course it won't be all that cold. It'll only be like late December, early January. It might get up to like 30 some of the days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 6, the animal will bomb mine. He'll find a place. Trust me when I tell you. He'll find a place where I'll find somewhere to stay warm. Here's Key West. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Great. I've heard about that person, Connor. Yeah. I think the major problem is, and I'm not the same in the athletes, is that a lot of them come from broken homes. Yeah. And when they start out in high schools, you know, playing football or whatever, and the coaches and the high schools, they don't care about them. They just run reckless. You know what I'm saying? Well, let me ask you this. How many people who come from broken homes? How many people who come from a decent home have an opportunity to go play a sport and make millions of dollars and be admired and be put up on a pedestal and be treated like royalty. How many people ever in their lifetime have that opportunity? Well, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you're stupid. No, no, that's what I'm saying. I know. You can't keep making an excuse for yourself about your bad child. It's like people that want to make excuses for OJ, who grew up in a ghetto and about his bad child. I mean, OJ Simpson was a multi-millionaire who was admired by millions all over the world, not just in America. And he went and killed two people. Okay, is that supposed to be an excuse? No, it's just that I say that these people need guidance. And they're document from the coaches and the people that are in the school system and stuff like that. And once they become pros, no one cares in the pros. Well, I'm saying, it gets a ball. Yeah, well, that's a good point when you got the Tom Osborns of the world when you got the criminal coaches who don't give a clap and are willing to just do anything and cover it up. And then, of course, they give you a big song today and send a story about how they try to give them a assistance and they try to be their friend. And like, even that is there. And you just do what I'm drinking with the guys. How do you like that? Can't be a much closer buddy than that. Even though they will maybe a little bit underage, but then it's wanted to be everybody's buddy at UN, why not drinking with the boys? Now, the guys got a valid point. And that is that, you know, you're dealing with people who are just using and manipulating people. And for the most part, there are some exceptions. But for the most part, they don't give a clap about those things. If you can one fast, you can throw the ball, if you can catch the ball, if you can kick the ball, if you can do whatever it is that we're trying to do. That's all we care about. The rest of it, we don't give a clap. I'm surprised that one guy hasn't called though, that one, a Apologist, every time the subject comes up, last time I brought it up, in fact, the first of day that I got the book and talked about it, he was there just a clockwork. Oh, would you better understand these kids grew up and get old, is it? Oh, yeah. My heart is bleeding, okay? We have an open line and drower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. I am, I had to finish that book glossed right. I was going to go and I was going to be in that book over to discuss it with Gus Bullis. Sure, sure fits right in, doesn't it? I was, it's been treating it. It was an irony based on the fact that I just finished it and he wanted to talk about it. And I was going to meet him over to the boat and he said come over to the office. So we, he's a pretty close personal friend of mine basically because I've never met a guy like that in my life. He, he jumped off a boat and threw on to an important year of old and started Mr. Submarine. And by the time he was 20 out of year old, it made under tens of millions of dollars. And then he could come down to the US and started Mr. Submarine, which I involved with to Miami subs involved in being a huge owner of real estate. And by four years ago he started to unscrews and he started with the one boat down in QR though, etc. And he owned the QR though, Mary. It took him 13 years to do that project. They've done the environmental consideration. 13 years from when inception to completion of the project because of about 12 different agencies to go to mall with the little quarrel, a little mayor's, a little back. And he opened the place without an occupancy permit. Yeah, because there was some technical violation. Yeah. He's made some people angry. But what he basically is, is probably the most involved soul I've ever met. The guy's 48 years old, employed directly or indirectly over 10,000 families. Yeah. He drives a truck that's worth no more than $7,000. When he got into that couple, that's three or more months ago. Yeah, I don't have a time. I appreciate that. I don't want to go through this whole life story here today. No, but with the feds, remember the feds rating is offices for $1,000. No, no, I really don't know. But the 20 ventilators came into his office and accused him of some art came, technical violation of shipping laws. They've started law in 1916. Yeah. A maritime law saying that a non-foreign national couldn't have any interest in a commercial vessel. Yeah, and they're attempting to find $48 million to that violation. Yeah. That's pretty significant in this. And they trumped up a law. And the upshot is, and the upshot is, and the upshot is what a time. Okay. I mean, yeah, I appreciate this guy's a good friend of his. And I wish this guy a lot of the world, even though I'm never going to, you know, the next few weeks is cruise ships and I have no interest in any of that. But the fact is, you know, we don't have time to hear this whole life story. Oh, we have an open line at day one and a row or five six seven, oh, I feel like it is. Oh, no, you know, it sounds as silence. I feel like, you know, there it is. Five six seven, oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line 12, twenty six on qaim. I don't know what it is, but it's moving. ... And the only one who walks his right under way Oh! In the office there's a guy named Melvin, a pretend that I am a thief You stay off yourrade it will save Whoa! LIKE in the dark Lean her off Deep to all analysis We can pray And sing likeHola But on to my chains And join the parade I'll be alone Please stay on to our chon seems Good Jan We're in a recluse, still pending home. Walk in rallying in the new way. Walk around and we're in the under way. Walk in rallying in the new way. Walk in rallying in the new way. What is the final year? It's great. Okay, 23 at 5. 60. I'm here. You're going to have a good time. I'm here for a long time. I'm here for a long time. I mean, you know, La Valle, Hanth, the loser, the first order. Yeah. You have an remember that after the loss of the chiefs just authority apologized to the community and voted the coach, were they opposed with their apologized for all these goons they had? Yeah. I just wanted to put that in your mix. I missed the whole supply. I'd love to have the interview with this guy. Well, he was great. How did we surprise though? No, not at all. And you know, something nobody gives a crap. They really don't. As long as they're team wins, as long as these goons can score touchdown or whatever it is that they don't. They don't give a crap. No, I'm here exactly right. I took out the book. There's a number one, a lot of places. I would give you one other thing in closing. And that is that my wife was at that all day. Some of now yesterday was Zig Zigleor and all the Rye Rock people in John London. Yeah. Did you know that Zig Zig was a born again? And that's what he preaches now? No. Yes. And so does Tom Hopch, my wife walked out. And she said there was a, you know, Yamukas who walked out too. Yeah. So they've got a new message. Great. Yeah. Halle Lueha. I like that. Well, you know, I've got a bunch of you Tom and back at you. Yeah. What do you just say? We have two open lines in Broward. Five six. Well, you know what Tom always says, don't you? What are his posture? Go to great. I think he's trying to prove it. Five six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes. Yes sir. Neil. Didn't you accept or didn't your station accept advertising from Charleston? Yes. And the gun not from Jet Bush. Yeah. I mean, how is that different from what the newspapers doing regarding gambling? Well, what does that mean? A radio station is not a newspaper. A radio station. Part of the media, Neil. What is this? It's part of a nation that doesn't editorialize. We have, we have talked show host down to have different opinions on a variety of subjects. But there has nothing to do with the commercials that we take. We are here to admit that we're a bunch of horrors. And we'll take advertising from any virtual anybody. We'll spend the money. We admit that. We're not here to moralize for the community or editor alive to try to protect people from whatever it is. Neil, every day of the week you have a editorialize. But what you just said is enormous. Well, but when I say it doesn't stand for the radio station, I don't speak for beastly read broadcasting. In fact, we have a disclaimer at the beginning of the show that says that. Yeah, the newspaper doesn't speak for the publisher. The editorial board is the voice of the newspaper. That's the message that the newspaper is giving to the community. And when it says, crack down on gambling boats, assure when it's for state citizens. And then they've got an ad for the very same outfit that they're ripping in the editorial. And they've also got an article in their news pages saying that it's vegan and biguous. And maybe nothing really happened on there. And it may be all be a bunch of bull crap. They better get their right together because they're being rotesically inconsistent. And they're psychosis about casino gambling indicates to me that they need mental health to this comes sentinel. Neil, I agree with you on your position about the gambling and the deprivation of due process of law. And what about all the morning line odds? And there isn't there, Brad, the hypocritical will be talking about people losing their money and losing their lunch money in gambling addiction. And then putting in odds on every kind of ball game on the sun on the sports pages when there's no place in this state that you can place a legal bed on any of those games. Yes, of course it is. But you know, for you to criticize the paper for doing the same thing that you're radio station. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I just got to you explaining if you were not doing the same thing. This is a, this is not a newspaper that he'll not apply to the next editorial board. Despite the fact that you are an identified as an editorial board, what you are doing is giving editorial. I'm going to say it again. Roberts, I'm sorry. I did it. There's no point in arguing with you because you've already got your mind made up. And you'd be like having a discussion with a goddamn rock. Okay, Roberts Steinbach's got a column in the newspaper in the hero. Okay, the hero of the vehemently opposed to casino gambling, just like the sun's signal. In fact, maybe even more psychotic about it. But Roberts Steinbach is a columnist within that newspaper expressing his opinion once makes a lot of sense. He calls it high stakes harassment. He's not speaking for the editorial board. I'm talking about the hypocritical editorial board. These are the higher up the goody, the big, a goody two shoes guys that are part of the, of operation at one of the newspaper. They're the voice of the newspaper. Damn it. Don't you understand that? Are you two? I don't you get it? No. Jesus. This radio station takes a, but I, like I said, at least we've got all kinds of people on the air here. That'll speak their peace. Just like Roberts Steinbach did, then believe me. That's an exception. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Thanks. Hello. Yes it is. Let me ask some, the, the lottery that we bet on an idaly basis. Isn't that, isn't the, the winning numbers usually put on the, uh, in the newspapers? Right. You know, so, uh, why can't I understand it? It's, it's all against, uh, but that's not casino gambling. No, to understand. There are no slot machines with the lottery. Oh, yeah, I know that. Because as you know, gambling is the evil gambling. Nobody, nobody loses their lunch money on the lottery. And only millionaires by lottery ticket. There are no shoppers out there. It's been money that they can afford to buy a lottery ticket in. And pie in the sky hopes of winning a 30 or 40 million. Yeah, that's true. But wouldn't, Miami Beach and the nice place, you know, to have casino gambling. I mean, it's not the best place in the world. What do you mean Miami Beach? What's wrong with Hollywood Beach? What's wrong with Hollywood Beach? What's wrong with West Palm Beach? What's wrong with the entire state of Florida with our beautiful beaches and our great climate? As opposed to people going and freezing their ass off in a winnow Atlantic city, which is a toilet? What would be wrong with that? I think that. And you know, something don't hold your breath. Believe me, at last thing I'm going to do is it, with all respects to casino stand and anybody else is waste my time getting a discussion about, oh, we got to have casino gambling in Florida. Not going to happen. Not going to happen. And like I've said before, there's no passion in this state for anything. And especially in this town, there is no passion for anything. Just sit back and fix the elections and this kind of crap. This kind of showboarding, grand standing for the media. Is there any passion about it? People worked up about it? No. Anything got to change? No. So what's the point? Something to talk about, but you look at the nature of the millions of people who have moved here. And most of them are actively indifferent. They work at it. They don't want to be bothered. They don't want to hear from this. That's why you watch. They will ramrod a new stadium in for the Marlins. You watch because the public will sit back and they'll let them resty more over than again. And they'll take whatever kind of crap they dish out again. And if it goes to an election to a referendum, they'll fix it. Just like they did with the arena in Miami. If you want to vote, no, you'll have to vote. Yes, the same old crap that they do every other time. They can fuse and do shadow box and just pull all over everybody's eye. And the public fits back and they also say, okay, there you go. Two open lines in date, 56705, 60, 5560 on the mobile one line. 2412. You're crying today, you best, dude. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man, you're an alright man. You're a good man, you're a good man, you're a good man. Number's right, got 45-25, what did you tell your old man? Number's good, number's good, number's good. He's making his point. First of all, it was a ballot issue. Remember we had that series of amendments that were it was a ballot issue So unless it's a spot that is extraordinarily like just outrageous, you know You really don't have too much choice in taking political spots, okay? But I'll go and plus the fact that we are all whole-monger stations like all the rest of them and we'll take care It's revertually anything because we want the money and you need it desperately But if we had the management of the station, you know, running a series of post-starch editorials and following a tomato bot an issue And then we ran a bunch of you know marginal spots for the other side of it's thing exactly the opposite That I'd have to question our sanity and responsibility like Disney's to do those Editorials that's right Yeah, I know it's oh geez. We're gonna have to really Mike Disney, huh? I don't this not in here. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. We're gonna. How did you find that? That's my opinion I'm like Disney. I'm just all in for time We have an open line of day one at Broward 560560 and Pomp 560 on the mobile one line Here's key largo hello Yes, sir. Yeah, so you want to give you a few facts and what happened yesterday? I'm a dealer on that casino boat. Yeah We were out well beyond the free mile limit when I looked out the picture window and there were four or five Posts out there full of men in black. I do something was going down Within seconds they were all over us We couldn't move customers couldn't touch their money. Yeah, they couldn't touch it they couldn't touch it The one gentleman I was the only two hours at a high stakes table he was up around three thousand dollars It just didn't seem any like it made any sense to me. All he had to do was get on the bullhorn and and they follow was into the dock And we would have followed them but we couldn't touch anything right Luckily we have a really good casino system casino manager and he talked the the men were very polite He talked him in the right and the customers take their winnings with them But they wouldn't let the dealers take their cash chips with it They just said we couldn't touch anything they searched everybody before we got off the boat It was just it was the most unbelievable How can they do that if the cash chips is money that was given to you by the patrons? What have they got to do with that money? Well, that's not money that was being gamble Exactly what I told is one this one right did they have to that they had no right? And I told him I said this isn't this isn't belong to the owner. It doesn't belong to anybody Some of the dealers had you know seven eight hundred dollars and tips there that they had to and we're gonna use for Christmas Right, but we couldn't touch anything Nothing they took everything it was 10 15 of them all dressed in black They were very polite Yeah, but we couldn't move we couldn't go anywhere. I wanted to go down to the gallery to get the lunch that I brought with me I had to be followed down there and Of course they brought a female officer on board the search all of the ladies and The male officer to take the search all of the men But if the search for what who knows I just think thought we were taking off hundreds of thousands of gutters money You know I mean I I'm a gamble myself or what I don't feel I love to go gambling. I know it's a gamble I never gamble with scared money I we have a lot of good gamblers out there and then we have people who do have a problem But yeah, that's in any walk of life right right In any of the race track and find people with a gambling problem You don't have to walk a cruise ship or to Vegas. I don't think our government can be Stupid too much longer. They have to realize that they're losing billions of dollars a day by not Legalizing because you know gambling right that's that's the reason those ships are out there in the first place because people want a gamble That's why people are on the way the Bahamas is we speak right now because people want action They want to have a good time. They do it voluntarily nobody holds the gutter had makes them do it And they want to have a good time. Well the guy told me he said yeah You can't touch your own money because we're on the orders from Butterworth in the casino manager asked him Oh, we Within the three mile limit he says no, he says well, why are you teasing everything and he says we we don't have to tell you We just don't know order from the The state attorney's office and so we we definitely could get our money but the state attorney's office It was just they have to realize We can't go on we got the most beautiful beaches in the world. Yeah, perfect for For gambling well, don't hold your breath good luck pal. Thank you very much. Okay. Hope works not for you. How do you like that? Can't even take their tips because because because of what because they just decided they're gonna come in here in confiscate Just like James Boulevard says in a book law straight when they say they're gonna come in confiscate They're coming in the confiscate and maybe you'll get it back, but probably not So the why I've been telling you for a very long time that we live in a police state Here's here's an exercise right here in the last 48 hours great example for your police state But they're protecting the citizens of Florida and what the hell do the citizens of Florida care about it anyway? What does it got to do with us? Does it have anything to do with us are we getting any of that revenue that's being gambled on there? No, of course not I mean if you're gonna force people to go outside the territory of waters and all those ships are registered to a who knows whatever countries We don't get any of that revenue So not only down we helping the citizens of the state of Florida, but those citizens and tourists and anybody else They want to go out and have a good time. We're also harassing the hell out of them Let's put the cruise ships out of business. Let's put everybody else out of business So they can be as the end of follows. We are there you go. Oh Good thinking because we got a protective public against this evil gambling thing God damn it I would swear that I see entries for the racetracks in there in the sports section in the Sun sent all every day And like I said that guy before you know you can draw that parallel and I see a Si C What you're saying about the you know the radio station and listen at but what does that have to do with morning line odds on there for a newspaper That is so a goody two shoes and editorally opposed to the evils of gambling and people losing their lunch money There is no place in this town. There is no place in this state where you can legally gamble on those games that they've got the odds on there And then please don't tell me it's just for somebody's information. Okay? Just for informational purposes only here's the morning line odds on rules volleyball games Man, oh man a shepherd said you you can smell the stench all you have to do is go out and get the fish wrappers off the Your goddamn driveway every morning and as soon as you roll to plastic off it You can smell a goddamn stench right in your face of the crap that they pedal for news in this town Two open lines in date five six seven. Oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a call from Phoenix, hello Hey, you how you doing? Okay, sir one time listener and first time out of town caller great Move out here about a year you're gonna half ago try to find you if you want to go and realize you want to put a QAM right All you did over there with a jackknifers almost a year really you have 26 days from the day it'll be year not that I'm counting Thanks working out for you there. Yeah, they're okay. Yeah, they never stole a freight train here. They're checks clear. Be two weeks Got to like that that's what's what all about that's the only thing is to buy you bet you can a driver see to those new quarterbacks You're right, but those why do I got two nice ones well, at least you got a good hockey team out there and Phoenix anyway Yeah, they do they're doing all right. I'm just a man They're like almost every day they find the loss of the other night, but first time in any years The Panthers are coming in next month. I'm looking forward to that. Yeah. Well, no Well, I don't know. I don't even know if I'll recognize him we have a team anymore not too much. Yeah, I But those Dawson's are doing all right. Yeah So whatever that's too crazy Huh I heard the guy talking about the gambling issue down there and things haven't changed No, I don't all they're never gonna change here. It's the same news papers brainwashing the public in screaming and yelling and Nashing of teeth and all its evil and all the other bullcrept and meantime people are losing their ass on this lottery Which is the biggest ripoff in history mankind. They still can't make sure that all the money is going to education Which it was supposed to go we got a horse education system next to Louisiana in the country and it's the same old craft because the public sits back As long as you get them to keep early bird and whatever else they want they don't care they just don't give a crap But we do have our nice new macarine open. Oh, they're incentivized the national car rental the antisenter macarina what is that the new hotty arena? Oh That's right. I call it the macarine because my acquire hit numbers 56 789 here Just before they open your arena so I questioned it Macarine is sure sounds better than the national car rental the antisenter. Well, listen have a great life out there pal All right, thanks. They're much out to the cactus and those nasty prick We have an open line and grow it in two and a five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line I mean, you know if it's like these people in newspapers writing you a bunch of little children like a bunch of idiots A bunch of people have never been outside the goddamn state borders here Oh, don't you understand how evil listen. Oh God almighty give me a break Oh boy oh boy And you can just hear all the arguments. Oh, yeah, well, you were telling us about all that traffic congestion on the strip and Vegas Well, guess what we wouldn't have any strip here. Okay. There wouldn't be any strip You know where the diplomat is there's a casino over there. There's a couple of casinos on them They've laid it out a minute times they've tried every goddamn way of stepping your casino in their echo. They still can't get it through Out of last time was on a ballot at least it passed and broored Those of us in brown and it's interesting to me by the way the sun's sental is a braward news paper. We're at publishes in braward It's home is in braward and The voters in braward by the way said Yeah, the casino gambling last time was on a ballot. I guess you people on the editorial board of the sun's sental must be suffering from CA Can you be neat all timers? That's right? Somebody all of a sudden got your memory Since you're so concerned about the voice of the people of the state of Florida well the people of the county that you publish You're rag your scum rag in they said yes You ask holes but don't confuse the sun sental with the facts because it's the goody could two shoes right wing Assholes from the Chicago Tribune there are the ones that are our carpet bagging down here telling us how we ought to live our lives And what this town ought to be all about Two open lines a day five six seven. Oh five sixty and five sixty on the mobile one line We got hanged coming up a two we got the booster with six eighty to K. It's in a clock tonight. It's the line It's a power five Daddy These You You Make a line I such vir...... As Hey sings I watched a warm and fresh mumbling She was prairie, silvery, just an announce It's all The flavor is about them with their Woo!來了 6, Yu,ن, Oh, Difficult likely That's a pension The In If I don't look back, I thought it was your gift as my own. If you're in church when you do, you'll have to stay in your tomb. You'll never be positive, you'll have to put it to something I want to know. We've got 13. 102 at 560WM. Welcome to the New Rangers Talk to themselves. Show here on 560WQM. We have two overlives in date if you have anything to say about anything in the world and if not give it a shot anyway. 560505050 on the AT&T Wireless Line. For a tour clock, I'm going to make a B-line for my sawgrass public. They've got a whole bunch of my Tyson season B-strips allegedly waiting for me. Hey, if something will look forward to it with your living in his town. There's not a whole lot, but there's something right there. I'm looking forward to anxiously and enthusiastically. And don't forget tomorrow will be at Shelton Pembroke's 570PM. We got to get this set of one thing. We got to get this last month of December cranked up and really get it going. If we're going to get anywhere near that $100,000 mark, because Sanio has got to go up 300 grand. I don't think we're quite going to make it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I used to go out on that sunk through many, many currents. When I found out what was really going on with the blackjack and everything I stopped. I know some people there and I know there's no evidence or anything, but they were playing without full decks. I mean, that's good. You said they need regular money. I know that. I know I don't want to, I know some people are working on the boat. Yeah. So this is a missing picture card like I said yesterday. Right. So I stopped going. I mean, it's like I just stopped going. And that's the choice I had. And as far as I got Gus goes, I mean, he's cheaper than tax. I mean, he bought these people over like refugees and everything. There's a pair of people and he's like, yeah. I mean, there's a people that work. There's a few cents on a darn few squeaks. But let me ask you this. I mean, maybe the chiefs, he may be a fast dude. But is that where you to point here? No. He's just rising in number two. You'll see that eventually. You got to, uh, rising a junior. Yeah, but that's not the point. I mean, I don't know. I have no more points. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Oh, my loser, my money. Don't cheat me like that. Come on. Yeah. So why don't we have to do that? Why doesn't this day regulate it? Oh, okay. Thank you. That's what the argument is. Don't just sit back and ring your hands and then, uh, you know, stage a big sign of dance for the media for a public consumption to pretend you're doing something. A state that can't regulate anything. A state that doesn't care about protecting the public. So I'll give us a big sign of dance. You worried about those four restids going out there losing your money. In fact, the Sun Sentinel right next to the ad that they got in there for the Sun Cruise. Why do they put their own big thing in there? Right next to it. Take out a public service announcement. Oh, by the way, the ad to our right. These people are cheating you left and right. There's not enough picture cards in every day. And you're going to want to lose your money big time. Huh? Why do they do that? Instead of wasting months and months and months of time and taxpayer money and putting on a big song and a dance and then, you know, getting all over, getting really, uh, indignant and outraged. And, uh, you know, preaching was again. I don't buy my newspaper because I want somebody preaching to me, okay? I'm not interested in their goddamn opinions over there. I do look at the editorial page because I do a radio talk show and every now and then something like this comes up and I need to talk about it. But the idea that we need our newspapers to moralize for us is, uh, most of the music. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have several things on my mind, but the, well, let's attack all two of us together. Okay. The first thing is about O.J. Yeah. Since you were talking about the book and I enjoyed listening to the author of the book this morning, a very literate man. Yes, enjoyable. That's one of the things I wanted to talk to you about, but I'll tell you this first. There's more bad news for O.J. The director named David Finney is just completed a multi-hour TV documentary called Absolutely 100% guilty. Oh, man. Based on one of your favorite books, outrage, the five-all. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with murder, but it's also an invincible Yosie. He says it's not a good done it. We come light out and say we know he did it. We're going to prove it. I killed the cold. Yeah. He's the terrible incompetence of the prosecution and allows you jury for the innocent verdict. He interviews the deputy sheriff at the jail among others who supposedly overheard O.J. admitted guilty. Yeah. And he and his producer, a guy named Kirk Fettke, are hoping to sell it to a network by June 12, 1990. Oh, I hope so. Five-year anniversary of the flames of Nicole and Ron. I don't give a sh** anymore. Yeah. So, there is somebody out there who's got the right idea of exposing this. Oh, I can't wait for that. Anything, anything bad I can see about O.J. Man, I'll be sitting there glued to my TV. I know I read the book, but I got the audio book, which was read by Joseph Campanella, which was very interesting to hear it read. They were who's a bridge, but that's why I went out and read the book. Great book, and I thank you for recommending it. Okay. One of the things that I subscribed to, which I'm sure like me, with is the Edvin Newman's idea of proper English and grammar. It's amazing how people butcher the English language, particularly in broadcasting. And I weren't convinced you for your literacy. You had it rough, don't be a ability to communicate. Yeah, I'd be real interested in that. You said something the other day that I had to stand up and cheer. Most people would say it's the whole other topic, and you avoid that pitfall by saying it was a whole other idea. Actually, what you're doing is breaking a word in two parts. Yeah. A whole another. Oh, my nerves, I'm going to hear that. Okay, pal. Thanks very much, and have a great day. And have a great life. Why forgot to play us for our friends over there, see you. Good morning. This is Luna, the spell was done now. I've been done, El Jackson, and today we're going to spell the word, Consensus. Selling with me now, Consensus. See you all in, F-E-N-F-U-S. Now, let's you get it in a sentence. Be careful what you say. Those cops, Consensus, the jail. This is Luna, the spell was done, El. I've been done, El Jackson. You know, I was checking that there are few people watching Wami a few nights ago. Remember I said that I had actually seen my show on there, and you could hear the audio, and it really looked pretty good. And before that, as I tuned over there, check out what was really on that space, and if there were still on the air. And I did get my check from the nearest today. Thank you. And there was a new dark and plugged-in sports guy in there. In fact, they keep changing sports guys on that 10 o'clock show. It doesn't help. But nevertheless, this was a kind of like medium-truck with the black guy. Very good-looking guy, very articulate young. And I'm sitting there listening to him, and I already knew the information he was passing along, I was poisoned. But the fact that this guy was sitting there so articulate, speaking perfect English. And every time I hear that, I say to myself, this is a myth, the idea that black people in America are somehow have got some genetic thing, or some mental thing that forces them to speak black ease. To speak some other dialect of English. That's bullcrap. Every black person in this country is just as capable of speaking perfect English as I am. And as that guy on channel, I'm Randy Lass, the whoever the sports guy is, whatever his name is. Now, unfortunately, we got the Jim Berry's in the world that had to do their Javascript to the English language, which when they do their sports, they're like professional coolons or whatever Jim Berry's try to be. But this guy was great. Maybe someday he'll be going to be like, how do we all keep these station? Because this guy's good. It is so sad what goes on in this country, man, in the name of education and promoting students, and just the loudest bullcrap. And see, that's another thing to go back to the pros and cons thing. When you continue advancing Jax along and allow them to be more on, with no education, who can't speak the language properly, who have no other skills, whose brains are still in the ghetto, then you're not doing anybody a service. Oh, I'm sorry. I said the evil word in America said education, I'm very sorry about that. We have an open line in Dave 1 in Broward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 10 after 1 at QAM. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. You're done in a car phone, not on one, but inside of one. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi, yes. How are you doing? Good. This is not got a like the picture program directly there. Yes. Steve? I'm right here, sir. Yeah, listen. I'm very upset. I'll just the first on call and about the way. First of all, as soon as you come down here, around the leaves, we're real upset talk about that. Then you, you know, get the Jax apart. It's really, really upset about that. What do you mean, okay? What is this? I mean, you can hear the A were real upset about that. Just pick a friend and you make the comment that you'll deal with Neil when you get back. Exactly what do you think you're going to do when you come back? I'll have Mr. Rogers in my office and I'll tell him the next time you mention me on the air. You better smile. All right. Where are you from, by the way, are you going to suspend Neil Rogers? I'm picking a very seriously bad at nobody drags my name to the mud. Sir, where were you from before you came here to buy him? I mean, since you got your heart at work, you're a real target subject. Did you just talk about the box card? What does that sound like? That would tell you the line where the guy is. Anyway, let me tell you something. Answer the question. What did you say? He obviously doesn't know how things run around here, okay? Because when you miss it, you when you miss it with Neil, they're going to have a lot of problems in your head, but you want to bet. I'm going to tell him in the my office to tell him what's up. Sir, we were very upset about default. So, can I tell you we've been thinking of what's up with Neil? But when you miss your arm, we knew that's the whole, that's the whole not a kettle, buddy. Are you on another kettle? That's right. I'm on another kettle. You're barking at the wrong tree, okay? If you know what's good to be. I'm barking at the wrong tree. That's right. Do you want to stay on the same field? You're barking up the wrong tree. I can understand it. Are you going to happen? Hey, how the hell did you get this job at? I came in and I applied for the job because of my credentials and my experience, I got the job. I got the job. I got to stay about management. You know, management, you're all in and in and in and in. You know, in other retention. If all of you for me, you wouldn't do. I'm in all of the testing. What did you say? There goes that thought. Your box cards. Oh, anyway, Phil, I enjoy your show. Okay. Thank you very much. All right, Don't see. Thank you so much. Okay, one fifteen is five sixty. WCWM. We have an open line in Broward. Five six. I'll tell you with the holidays here, when does that what we got about another three weeks? Something like that three and a half weeks before the New Year. I'm going to dig out lots of old stuff, maybe. Lots of old crap. Christmas stuff, uh, Phil stuff. Got only knows what. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Can't well, Neil. Yes. I'm a subject of horrible athletes. I want to say that there's approximately 1802 players in the National Babu Association. Yes. And when they go on strike, they're not getting paychecks from the owners. So they can file for financial assistance from the NBA. Yeah. And have the 182 two of them, one being Michael Jordan. Two of them did not file for financial assistance. Oh, man. Yeah. These guys, they've got to put them to bread on the table. Oh, yeah. I mean, they don't have more than, you know, 30, 40 million in their bank account. Right. They can't afford to feed their things are getting a little on the tight side, man. There are 22 illegitimate children. Uh-huh. And uh, 22 different women, though, at least given credit. Give it like, well, table and use to say. Exactly. I like to spread it around. I want to ask work. Where can I find this pros and cons book? In any bookstore like borders or Barnes and Noble or any place that sells books would be good. Any books or is carrying it right now? Oh, okay. It's a best seller. It's a hard cover, black, black cover. Frozen cons. It's great. And can I call somebody a douchebag? Mr. John Roberts? You're a douchebag. Big time. Okay. Have a great weekend, pal. You ought to be going out there and buy. I told you, we shouldn't wait to go, man. I'm right on target. As usual, my psychic, uh, uh, that's right. My psychic vibrations told me lost rights by James Boulevard, which talks at great length by the way of this bull crap of going in. Just, uh, you know, grabbing up money, Seizing this, Seizing property, Seizing money. No, but business, they have to confiscate those guys tips. I mean, is that even debatable? No. It's not money that was being gamble. Don't you understand in other words, if I give you a tip, if they let the people keep their winnings. And I gave you part of that. That's money. I voluntarily gave you because, uh, I wanted. You were, uh, you were the dealer or whatever. I gave you a few bucks. Do they have any legal right whatsoever to confiscate that money? Of course not. But don't confuse these bastards because when you live in a police state, of course, they can just make it up as they go along. And if they do that, they do. Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jennings and all you other Nazis out there. We have an open line in Broward 560560 on a AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-for-laterdale. Yeah, how are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got to just say it's kind of cold you up that study. He gambled on that ship and ate and played with a full deck. I mean, talk about sore losers. Okay. They always have reasons why they lose. Maybe he went all the time with a full deck. Give everything a day. I played with gots bullets on a T mistake before he bought any of those ships. Yeah. I mean, I tried with buttonbuff count. And we'll let you know. I'm just a play-oh, blue collar worker. Right. I went out the last day. You're going all night. You're not gambling away. You're lunch money, are you? No, no, no, no. I spent seven days out in Vegas tonight. So I saw a district with congestion with traffic. But guess what, Neil? Everybody had a smile on their face. Right. I mean, I didn't see any swam. I didn't see any get-o. Now I tried with buttonbuff count. I didn't see anybody looking down there. And under the overpass, like they are hearing downtown Miami. Exactly. I got to take it a homeless camp right downtown Fort Moiradale. Right right next to the hall of Fort Moiradale. They got more people in there on crack. And after all the time, I got out all day and day long. Right. I didn't see any of that in Las Vegas. Neither of that. I just got back a few days ago. I didn't see any of those things. Exactly. And these people here are so hit than the end of the ball. You know, years ago, I listened to you for years. Years ago, you said this was going to turn into one out for a toilet ball. Yeah. I got to tell you something. So even Weston is so popular now. It's because anybody with any kind of money had to move out there. He could have left the dead thing. Well, my whole year, then, down people, or they don't stay with a lost place. They went out for western. Because this whole area is turning into a toilet ball. Yeah. And nobody sees it. I mean, it's totally ridiculous. You talked about Hallendale. Hallendale over there is congested right now. And all you see is a bunch of woo hairs with solid pushes. You don't really see anybody happy down there. You're running their bank every day. They got blood of substance congestion. Nobody wants progress. Okay. Hang in there, pal. Why? Worked up. That's the kind of color I like. Here's one guy. And I didn't people like him out there who were pissed off and fired up. Then we really have something here. Because he's right on top of the he knows what it's all about. And when I tell you that we have no chance ever getting casinos in here, you can take it to the bank. That's not a gamble. That's a sure thing. There are few sure things in life. Death and taxes. That's it. But this one you can take right to the bank is long as any of you. Even you little kids out there. If you look to the be a hundred, you'll never see legalized casino gambling in this state. Because this is a the end of the Bible belt state run by a bunch of good old Yahoo boys who came down the Kohoolawasi River from Aintree. That's right. They came in a goddamn canoe from Aintree. How do you think Bert Reynolds got down here? Yeah. He just got back into canoe and kept on paddling. That's right. Without John Boyd without an Advaity. Well, that Advaity. He was kind of so about that first trip. But Bert Reynolds. Oh, he didn't he get killed in that thing? Didn't he get an arrow through the, oh yeah, like I said, he won't see him no more. Back when he had a little bit of hair and he wasn't hanging out so much with Dom Delloes. Don't trust a guy by the way, now fact I named Louise. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Any other going? Okay, sir. I was just wondering how you enjoyed your shopping experience last night. You like those types of stores that you like public better. Meaning what? I thought it was this my cashier from Albertans. Yeah, this is your cashier. Yeah, how did I enjoy my shopping experience? I hated it. Really? Oh, I got for some. No, wasn't I? Don't like Albertans, but you guys didn't have what I was looking for. You could request those types of things. You know, put enough request and then try to get it for you. Yeah, well, my publish has got a waiting for me to a clock when I get out here. I mean, I don't want you to feel bad because you're a good guy, but Public is right on top of it. And they know they'd better keep me happy or else. Now, that's a good story. You got it's big. It's clean. It was okay. Okay, you know, let me ask you. How come you guys don't like I was standing there and thank God that you came over. Because otherwise, it's still be standing there. None of the checkouts are lit up. I'm used to that like when the checkout is open, they're lights on. You know, like come over here because we're open, you know? Right. What it is there is that magazine racks in front of it that open and closed. So it's open. It's mostly that line. Also, if the rack is open, it means come on in and the rack is shut. It means get you rest on here. Pretty much. Right. Yeah, that's how they work. They don't use the light thing there. Right. It's a good company. Yeah, it's okay. I guess they're checks most cashier video whenever. Okay. Good. Yeah. Come here again next year. Okay. We have an open line in the next year's come and two soon. Open. I think the guy he means well, I just didn't have what I wanted. That damn album is up there Oakland and Nav Hill. It's a nice big store. They got stuff. Did they have any of what I wanted? No. They even have the chicken strips. No. They even have that either. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. There. Oh, right to go. Like they hand them everything. They'll see. But somebody just brought it into the cattle product when he took off. Nice answer. Excellent. We'll be seeing him on the Ed Solomon show some day. We have two open lines in date. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. Here's land. Hello. Hey, land down here. Yes, sir. You know, you were fitted in a story on Wednesday's sports section about the other side of the tough guys are hockey. I know you that paper, I get blinded by all the color, you know, I can't handle it. I understand, but it's a great story to talk about how these guys are dogs on the ice, but they got like real compassion and heart off the ice as well. The lofty community kind of like the NBA. Oh yeah, right. Exactly. Double standard here. I'm on the roof right now. I got a gun to my head and I took my throat. I got the DNC and my chest and right above my brains up. This place is a Nazi camp. I need me to sell backwards as Berlin. I'm sure it is. Berlin. Berlin is a thousand times more progressive than we are. I'm talking about 40s Berlin. Yeah. That's what this place is. Go kathinos. Okay. Maybe maybe the new governor will send you the camper for you. Okay. So you can feel it really feel like Berlin. I'm sure it's not count. Okay. We have all of the day county just don't put up there. What's going on here man? We're sizzling. We're smoking today. I guess they counted can't keep up with us. 560560 and pump 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a good friend. Yes. How are you? Happy Chinooka. And was that why I'm calling you? Do you know that, sonica. The first night is Sunday, December 13. Yeah. That's the week from Sunday. That is correct. And did you know that we had gambling in Miami? 50 years ago? Mm-hmm. You're legal. It was all illegal. But it was an open credit and you attention. Everybody was having a good time. And the time was hopping. And the public went. My mother took me there. Right. My mother played $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. A poker. Yeah. Did they have a slot machine? No. I don't think I don't remember. Yeah. It was 100 years ago. I know. You only 20. Yeah. And yes, when to the doctor. And everything's okay. Right. Yeah. So I got a good news. Excellent. So are you taking a? If you're okay, all the rest of us are okay. That's all accounts. That's nice. Like a zone. You too. And don't forget. Thanks for calling. In Kakamu. And in back to you. Yeah. Okay. She didn't say, Dorton. Okay. It wasn't that the guy's name on Jack Eglison show. Wasn't that our Carny Dorton. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And pump by 60 on the AT&T. Marvel's line. Pretty similar. We're going to have Schwarzys speaking. The edition is down. That's right. And Julio speaking. It is pretty similar. We'll have Haitian speaking. Oh. 126 at 5, 60. W. K. You made a new year's resolution. So strong. Very good. You're gonna not go 20 pounds. It's just another self-desk. So strong. Because you know. You're gonna not enjoy the amount. And when I see you, I hope the Twinkies out. Don't you know you really close me out. You're a great, great little man. Wow. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm trying to show you. You know you'll be out. I'll wear it. I'll do it. You made another resolution. You're gonna stop the pain in the size. You need a total blood triumphant speech. Because you know. You do want to show a banjo die. But it's easy to suck it out. It's a fake hollow. You'll be the first person to steal it. It's a fake hollow. Because you know you've been in the hole. I'll wear it. You're the same really low. You made a new banner for a cow. You're a friend. I'll wear it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh right. 20-7025-60WQM and Hank Oberg Show with two Boogetsix, Eddie K. Ten of Clarkson. You know like Fred Grimm wrote in the Hello Yesterday. If indeed they are playing with out of full deck out there. So to speak on those cruise ships. And they don't have enough face cards in the cheating of public. The fact is that when you don't have any regulations when the state has no regulation whatsoever to cover this. Because casino gambling is a two words that we don't want to speak. Then it would seem to me they don't have any jurisdiction over that. Because if it's all going on outside the three mile limit. And there are no regulations. How in the world can we protect the public? Oh they just want to grandstand and show you what a great job they're doing. Of whatever it is that they were doing. Here's Coconut Creek. Hello. Yes sir. I'm one of the old thoughts that you were looking for yesterday. I'm right. I've rocked a three. I've got it. Take it some time. I'll get you guys out. I didn't have a chance to call. I love you show and I'm a little nervous. I never called before so. I never liked it. Okay. I thought you might be interested in hearing a little story about cheating on the cruise ships. Yeah. I was on a cruise ship. Some years back and it was an extended trip. It wasn't one of these day trips. Right. Five days or something. And you're a blackjack player. I know you are here. You're a real. And I consider myself a fairly decent blackjack player. And I'm sitting at the table and I couldn't believe what I saw. They played an open deck. Everybody's cards were open. And I'm sitting there and I see seven players. So I'm looking at 14 cards. And the dealers one card. I'm looking at 15 cards and I see those 10s. No 10s. Yeah. I got a pair of aces and I split them. And I catch a four on a five. Right. I got a 12 or 14 and I hit it. And I catch a four on a five. Right. The dealer was shown a six. I stopped short. He turns up the face card. He's got 16. I think I'm a winner. Yeah. He catches a five. I said, wait a minute. Yeah. One minute. When do we see the deck? When do you open up the deck? All right. Do that before the game. We do that before we open. We do that early. Yeah. I said, what time you open? I think it was four or clock something like that. I said, I'll be here. I got there a quarter or four because we're over the initial. Already mixed and shuffled initial. Right. And I saw the same thing again. I said, what the hell is going on here? What they did was what I believed it did. They took out 10s and put in fours and fives. So the player stopped short. The dealer would not bust. Every time you split aces you're called a form of five. Yeah. What I did, I don't know where to hold. I got the sense to do it. I reversed my strategy. And I'm hitting 16s against the dealer's five and six. And I don't bust. And the people at the table are looking at me like I'm crazy. I won back by money and I quit. There we go. I've complained and complained. And there I do it was. If you don't like it, don't play that. So I guess if you're smart, you won't be going back. That's right. And I call the Sun Sentinel when I call the Harold. Yeah. And I thought perhaps somebody who's picked up might want to write something about it. No. No. They don't care. They don't want to hear. Now they do only when it's a grand fan thing like this butterworth in the country. That's really time that cares when you're in the sun screen spending. Okay. Paldo do it again. We have an open line in Broward two of them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 60 on the 18, 10, wireless line. You don't think those slot machines are fixed to you. You don't think that they're rigged to you. I mean, you got to understand if you're going to gamble with your money, you've got to understand that the odds are stacked in the favor of the house. You've got to understand that. Now he's talking about something entirely different. But it's like when you're playing the spot machines, you get like seven, seven, and all of a sudden like when you think you're like close to something really and then you get a blank. Where you get a bar. And the natural inclination is to think, oh my god, I just came close to like a $16, 100 jackpot or $5,000 or whatever it was. You didn't come close. If you would've gotten three blanks on there. You didn't come any closer than that. It's a big tease. It's a big come on. That's where they're programmed to keep you going to keep you plunging your money. It's that that's what it's all about. But once you understand that, what difference does it make? In fact, that's what makes this fun. The fact that they give you the opportunity to think that, oh my god, look how close I come to look. There's the double jackpot double jackpot blank. I'd see you's but next time you know I'm going to, which probably you're not, but never less at least to make for some fun. It's that's what they call it gambling. Two open lines in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty in time, five, sixty in our AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Latter Hill. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Great. Did you see the article on last week's paper regarding the Pope? No. Did this count indulgences? No. He said that people who quit smoking or drinking during the holidays do the upcoming millennium. Also who are doing public public affairs work, public relations side work, or charity work, can get their indulgences at a discount. And last time in purgatory, while their souls are being purified, is it can reach heaven? Oh, right. And just indulgences on sale for the Christmas holiday. I better put this damn cigar out. I'm better put on with that. I think maybe you should. And the public put out their dick fat when he's smoking. That's half, half, half, half, half. Yeah. Yeah, make a seamless request. Yes, sir. It might be a little original. You still have the old card from, I think it was Jeff DeForce talking about what he wanted to do about with somebody's butt. About what he wanted to do with somebody's butt. I want to bang in the bun on him. So that's not Jeff DeForce. Oh, is that? That's manned. I'm sorry. You don't think that man is with saying that the default would say anything that creative is. I want to bang in the butt, honey. Okay, pal. How do you rate that? Shit again. I want to bang in the butt, honey. Okay. Broward County opened 560, 50560, pound 560 on our AT&T wireless line 21 till 2 a QAM. Where's my meat? You're not a ficking who the hills you drive on that. Our curvy kettle made us pour those by having me. Happy to have eaten something I don't see in the right. Better ask your fellow enforcement at your list by. When we end my town, there's no best people there all all strive. Let's burn the place down and ensure that your children would be blind. Before we lose our AT&T, the town of Canada is nice and start. We have to have no free access on getting TV's on their show. We can get more free food in here in one hour than most of the people can do in a lifetime. And most panhandles can do in the thousand years. So Rick and Judah are here from Costco and they brought me a bunch of beautiful fillets. Which is great. That's a sensation. I'm looking forward to putting those on the grill and eating those. It is not my seasoned beef strips from Tyson, by the way, which have the box in my hand. But it's beautiful meat. Okay. Now by saying that it sounds you are grateful, son. No, it's not that I'm ungrateful. It's not just not the same thing. Is it George? No. Oh. Although, but the good news is that my publics will have lots of this for me. I once I dump that stuff off at the end. Huh? All the one. Fillets. Still have your barbecue working right? What did I just get you said? I'll let it. Thank you. And they look beautiful. And I'll be popping them on the grill and it's great. It's set around so on. And wonderful. But, okay, here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. You know, what's with that ad while I was waiting? Where do you find so-and-so? Right? What do you get? What is that? Just to keep looking for it, you'll find it. Hey, great. That's almost as annoying as that. Him part of a cellular commercial? Yeah. What's your story did they found? Did you see the TV guide this week? No, I don't read the TV guide. They have an article about why Monday Night Football has lost all of the 3D. Yeah. To pro-refl. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Okay. Two open lines and day one had brought it. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Great. I'm sure that's going to make me feel a lot better all weekend long. Knowing that Monday Night Football is lost there are audience too. See, it could have been anything to do with the fact that Monday Night Football sucks? No. Okay. Thank you. That's a game's blow. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Sure. The head sensational ratings for last night's game for the Eagles in the Rand. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yes. Yeah. I got a question. I'm new to South Florida, but just before I moved here two years ago, they had a referendum where they wanted to put the people vote whether they should be sugar in the Street should pay a tax. Yeah. Do you think that's something that should have passed? Of course, they should. They should soak the sugar in the street. Listen, they keep putting more tax on tobacco for quite a lot. And on booze, they should have the highest taxes because they're all not normal. Every day of our lives dealing with sugar people and the kilogram man. Look anyway, guys. Just keep that in mind, just think of that for sugarkg. More Americans die from heart disease corn theory, artery disease stroke, diabetes from sugar then all the other crap put together. Sir and you heard that from a fat diabetic. I don't like to talk sports. My new share like these assholes that call out about their shows and talk about the points bread and crap like that and about Jimmy and Danny will ever take a shower together again. Stuff like that. Who cares? Who cares if Jimmy and Danny take a shower together? That's the truth. But this question about hockey. I've been watching hockey for over 30 years now. hockey now you're talking a real sport. Oh, definitely. I've played it myself for a number of years now. My question is, who do you feel at a top three goals, and they say in the last, you know, expansion? You want? The top three goal tenders in the national hockey. We've seen the first expansion back in the first expansion. Oh, since the first expansion, my god, how now could I answer that? Well, I think expansion you're talking in 31 years, sir. I cover so a lot of territory. Well, I mean, my opinion is I feel dominant. I'm going to cost you, I definitely wanted to talk about it. Well, today, dominant cash is the best in the world today and Martenne Broder is number two and maybe Curtis Joseph is number three since he got himself straight now. Oh, okay. I know that a couple of goals. I thought that were really great. What Bernie Paran. Right. The Crow is right over the final. Roger Crow was pretty good, yeah. And well, maybe because I'm from New York, but I have got my partial daddy, John. I had a jackman was okay. He's kind of a boring looking guy. He was okay. Never stole a freight train. He was no Johnny Bauer. He was no gump originally and have a great day. See, here's a guy. Okay, he said he was an old fart. No, he wants to prove it. We believe you. We have an open line in Broward two and day. Five, six, seven, oh, five. See, that's when he loses the whole audience when also old fart. We want to start reminiscing. Hey, how's Frank and Peter Mahabla? So, cool. Exactly, there he go. How's Frank the Hewlett doing? Oh, he didn't feel good. These slaves were the fishes with Harold Ballard. Here are a lot of rumors, by the way, about the least they're getting a 304 from Calgary for Felix Poppan that's the rumor I heard, which you want to hear on this station because they're at Gueldie this morning talking about Tampa, wants Felix Poppan. Who knows, Tampa got to trade for Felix Poppan. Is anybody know? No. Maybe Rob Zaminer will take him. Here is Kendall. Hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. I heard you coming earlier about someone saying about the congestion of traffic and why I said you're selling the strip. Yeah. I was just saying that people here have come up with all kinds of excuses as to why casinos would hurt our quality of life. And we don't want that here. And of course, that would be one of the first things they would say again, like they said before, you know, okay. I was just out there in October. And the one thing I was driving around the time I was there and I ran it then. And the thing I want to comment about is the fact all the time I drove around out there wasn't one single accident. Yeah. As opposed, I'd say to Miami, which you probably have accident all over the world. Yeah. But it's quality of the drive. I want you on the strip. It's pretty hard to have an accident because you can't go fast enough to get in the wreck if you run the strip. But no, the locals drive very well. The tourists, the people that are running cars are lost. They could drive you nuts. But, you know, when you're at Vegas, first of all, how much time are going to spend driving anyway? You're going to be inside having a good time. Well, I did get a little driving down. I went up to Boulder Dam and all that. Right. And then I came back and then south down to the audience. Now, did you see any people by the way jumping into the Grand Canyon because they lost their life savings? No, I didn't see any of those people. Did you see any of us stumbled bombs all over the streets of Vegas? Did you see people begging out of front of Cassino? I didn't see any of those things. Well, I saw one bigger, but he had a very good reason to do so. And I'm sure he wouldn't lie to him if he didn't have any arms and legs. Yeah, well, that's another story. He got a lot of the way. He's a tiny, highly different story. Right. Anyway, I want you know, first time, a caller, but the long time listener. Right. And I appreciate your shoulder. Right, much. And I'm a particular year spent. I didn't organize a legend. Not really. It turns me off. Okay. Appreciate everything you do. And God bless you. Bye-bye. And I'll see you on the street. Oh, my God, the evils, the disgusting evil people are surely going to burn in hell. Especially if they ever put money in a slot machine. That's what that's what Florida will tell you, baby. That's what the Sun said. Oh, well, tell you. That's what the Miami Hill will tell you. That's why the governor will tell you. The outgoing governor, the incoming governor, the dead governor, the alive governor. That's what they'll all tell you. There's nothing more evil in the world than a slot machine. Oh, my God. The one armbanded. This art of them. I'm going to save this. Along with Terry Murray's idiotic comments that he made, which he's made so many of them like Kapal laws. If he were number four would be Bobby or nice poetry. By the way, Terry you jackass. What an idiot. Terry Murray couldn't coach my dog to take a in a backyard. Okay. That's the kind of coach he is. Genius. There you go. That's Paul laws aka Bobby or even Paul's laughing his ass off about that. I guarantee it. And then the comment about well, we didn't put the goalie out there because we don't practice six on four. Our power play is five on four. Terry, I'm going to tell you between you and your brother. Man, oh man, dumb must be both your middle names. But this editorial that they even makes all of those pale and white significance because crack down on gambling, both a true winner for states that isn't. Thank God that they're protecting us for all this crap. Don't you feel a lot better today about it? Oh, I sure do. I'm going to sleep like a child all weekend long. No one has Bob Butterworth and Ken Jennings. All of the other Nazis are out there protecting us from the evils on those casinoships where people are actually pulling those to one arm bandits. They're yanking it. Well, that's right. The yank police, they'll be out there next baby when they find out they're yanking it on the cruise ships. They'll be out there next. Put in their goddamn ass and jail. What are girls thinking fit in there? We have an open line in Broward all three and day just to depart it now. I have to go and get a kick him in the ass early this morning and they've been smoking ever since. And from the side of it, maybe some good stuff. We have six, seven, 05, 60, pump, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got the Humphrey coming up at 2 o'clock and we know that Hikewood did never get it in Vegas. He knows how evil it is. Oh, seriously, he would never have plunged out there because he's seen. He's seen the evil ways of those slot machines and those tables and he's seen the crap tables all the other horrendous crap that goes on out there. What do you think they call the crap tables for, huh? Because it's a bunch of crap. That's right. Those of us here at WQM, we are anti gambling. They just keep that in mind. And we'll have some full numbers for you later.