It might not be as bad as everyone said. He's sitting on the throne with a hair old man. Which always works like magic. And by taking out the plastic and the paper too, and here on the front page on a mast head, I have never seen anything so either amusing or a grotesque or in my life. In Bluno less above the hair old, it says, Blessed young kipper. From the most anti-symmetric newspaper in the history of the human race, the Miami-Herold. Oh, God. Why was I still had those books from years ago that had all the stories about holi, hot shots from the Herald, the Chapman's and all those other guys. Houston belonged to the restrictor clubs on the beach. No Jews allowed, no blacks allowed, no sparks allowed, no spikes allowed. Nobody allowed except us real good old goham. And it says, Blessed young kipper on top of the Amastead of the Herald today. So we know that they're really making a turn for the, they're really for the worst. Speaking of making a turn for the worst, by the way, I got a lot of very important information to pass along about fasting. Something for you to consider between now and whenever the sun goes, whenever your sun goes down at 6 or 7 o'clock tonight, you want to think about it long and very, very hard, OK? Before you start embarking on a 24 hour fast, I know that even some of the goham because they want to show a little bit of sympathy, a little bit of brotherhood are thinking about fasting for young kipper. Don't do it. We're not going to be fasting here, are we? No, you bet your sweet ass, we're not. In fact, tomorrow we're going to be eating faith just to make sure that we all burn in at Lake of Fire. We're going to find cheeseburgers. How about some of my hotdogs? You got to call up Jeff Cohen today, by the way, give him plenty of time. I had start. I thought we were getting married. Tomorrow. I called them yesterday and told them today. Like I said, we'll get a head start today. We'll get way in our little today. That's right. We're eating faith. You don't understand. Doesn't start till sundown. Although the hero doesn't know that because the hero this morning is saying, blessed young kipper, I hate to break the news. Do you blame it? The hero. It don't start till sundown, OK? So if you put it on tomorrow morning's paper, it would have been a lot more appropriate, but certainly no more believable coming from you go. I'm over there, OK? Blessed young kipper, my, uh, so speaking of hysterical weather reports on television, I've talked about this yesterday. And it's usual. I have my thumb right on the pulse of the universe. I got my thumb on it. I'm watching CBS evening news last night, which I do every night of my life. But I'm in front of that TV because I love CBS evening news. I mean far away, who'd watch a guy with a speech defect on NBC first of all? Nobody. And Peter Jennings is a little bit too stiff. The whole ABC ambiance is so right wing. Who would ever watch that? So, I'm watching CBS evening news. And we go to Dan Rather. Did you see it? Oh my God. No wonder you sit in there, listen to all that crap music this morning. You'd be painting. Yeah, pretty bad garbage, will ya? Dan Rather is doing the hysterical amount in the storm routine. Yes. You thought that these guys on CNN were getting blown. Dan Rather is getting blown away on National TV. What's the frequency, Dan? He's out there. He's got a black body condom on. He looked like an old lady with a bob bush gum and I swear to God, and the rain, it's pouring down. He's up there somewhere in Mobile or some guy there in place. Some God forsaken place in the deep south. And Hurricane George is just blowing and whipping and, uh, and here's Dan and the rain. And you know, Dan is no spring. Check out what is your hundred and eight this year. Something like that. And he's out there and he's like getting blown away and he's like sideways and he's like, God is armed. I hope to over the edge of a tree and he's like, uh, with a black body condom on. And all you can see is this push. He's got just a little face to cut out and he's covered with a black body condom from head to toe. This is the new insanity of the TV people. I'm telling you man, the TV people are insane. Maybe we can bring a little bit of respectability back to a TV wound whammy because this weekend Rob Kaplan's going to be showing us documentary on gay sugar daddy's. That's going to be coming up this weekend on whammy. So we can bring a little bit of respectability back. Is he really as dumb as he puts on? Oh, is that just an act? This guy comes in here yesterday. Made a big project at a finally getting me my check. Thank you, Rob. And he's asking me questions. I mean, our are all straight guys really that dumb. That naive. That slow. That the out of touch with reality. How is this possible for anybody who's been in a live as long as a Rob Kaplan to be that dumb? Now I'm a sugar daddy. That's the new deal. First I was having wild gay sex that Amsterdam hot now hot gay sex wild and hot. And now I'm a sugar daddy. Got only knows what's going to happen by midnight. And the worst part of it is it's you. I'm kipper. You guarantee I'm going straight to hell. That's right. Oh my god. Rob Kaplan and the sugar daddy's. You think he works with all those fangs over there on whammy. You think they might teach him something. What do you mean? Don't not that. Help. Get that ground. That 43 is 5. 60. You're okay. Get out of here already with that stuff. Here's our friend. Hello. Hello. At the farm. What happened? Hey, Uncle Neil. How's your holiday? How's your holiday? Oh sure. I'm not a happy holiday. This is an unhappy holiday. There's no food right? No, because it's not a happy holiday. Let me ask you this. Neil, I have the day of a tone and approaches. Can you not help but think that we in the Jewish religion need more outstanding religious citizens like a vendor? Holyfield. Oh yeah. You see what happened with that the other day? About what? About the holyfield. You know, with three kids in the last year, with three different women. I talked about that yesterday. The audience is one day behind you. Oh, okay. What does that have to do with being Jewish? No, I'm just saying. I think, you know, I wish we had more wonderful citizens like that. Hey, Neil and Mark. What kind of Jewish? That's true. What about Hectorville in the way? You're on Rocky, Marciano. Yeah. Rocky, Gratciano, he was Jewish. Neil, did you see now in boxing also that Larry Holmes is going to fight George Forman to 50 year old going out of them? How about the pedic? Yeah, but at least George has got his lead mean grill and machine. That's true. That'll help him. He's going to be coming down for about 350 for that. Maybe 325. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. One last thing, Neil, you remember maybe about a couple of years ago, you played. I don't know if you still have it. Like a montage of Rick Weaver sound. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Do you still have that? No. No. Well, yeah. Well, yeah. We got the band. We got the blue, the blow, the, uh, the, uh, the place election. He's funny right out of his jack strap. There you go. Uh-huh. And we also got, and he is on queer streets right now. But that's it. And, uh, you don't remember yet. He was, uh, go right up the crack. They used to say all the time. Yeah, long gone. All right. Now we have a good day. Hey, Tom, we're not. We're keys are crack problem and have a great life and happy you. Whatever it is. Okay. We got one call on the board. It's got 17 questions. Mark, boy, I guess that it's good thing you got that Jewish music in there for your on Kipper. I told you. Oh, we're going to play this from now until 2 o'clock. 3 hours and 15 minutes. We got Hank Goldberg at, uh, this sporting bruise at 2. We got Jim Man, which coming up. 6 till 745. Then we got baseball playoff game. The Yankees and arrangers at the 745. Did I say that? Here. I like I said that's a medley of hard call today. So it's been nice being with you. We can't even give these phone cards away. I'm not going to give them away. I'm going to put them away in a thing for another day for rainy day when people actually really want to talk to us. That's, this is unbelievable. Well, the Yankees came back from vacation yesterday. We had a pretty entertaining show yesterday. We had a few number of calls from Monday especially. And now that's it. Now we're out of business. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Any interest out there? Anybody want to speak to me today? Anybody with anything to say? No. We're getting people calling about stuff I talked about yesterday. So far we had two of those. Anybody with something new? No. Anybody who watched the cups of the drives playoff game last night? No. And how come they had Bill Murray at all? I got to say this. Bill Murray, everybody is supposed to think Bill Murray is very funny. Which Bill Murray was one of those guys who was once funny a very long time ago for about five minutes. But really gets on my nerves. And they had Bill Murray doing it. And why haven't they learned like they did with Kate Smith and Philadelphia's doing the star-spangled banner? Why couldn't they have just taken everybody and their brother has got hairy doing the national anthem on tape? Even we got that for, I mean, take me out to the ballgame for Christ's saves. Why not? Although we have that. It's that they got Bill Murray doing it. They're making a total fool and Jack guys out of himself. And maybe we feel last night. You're not funny anymore. Bill, I'll take it right now. Sweetheart. Here's for a lot of Dale, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. I think it's a typical call on me. Oh, I didn't have some time. People call me. I thought that was a showpan. I know he was Jewish. No, no. But you know, I was raised Catholic, but I love it. I love singing that temple because it's like a club. You know, it's not like a religion. Yeah. They're hardly ever talking about God or anything. They just talk about, you know, being nice and relationship stuff like that. It's nice. And what about all this beating yourself on the chest, the dish, your repentance and all this other bull crap? Yeah, well, that's a little. But yeah, I thought Tarzan did that. But you know, Tarzan was Jewish. Is he? Evidently. You know, they don't let him don't fast. There's my fact, like in between services, the choir goes to the back room and they were getting white smollered and sound to Jewish to me. Sounds real, chime in. You know, white smoller? Yeah, I guess. Sounds more like, yeah, one of those. But I don't know. He's dead anyway. Who cares? But I have a, something to sing or I wrote a song for a Yelp. If I may go ahead, take all the time you want. It's going to be a brutal day today. I'd talk about Yelp. Kibber tonight. Don't even start till sundown tonight. But now, while we got nothing. Thank you. This Jewish holiday. I got a needle out here, so I could pass tonight. You're not Jewish. Okay. Wait, turn down the radio, please. Turn down that radio you jackass. Okay, there we go. So, our busing out a lot over. Hello, over the temple's getting full. I didn't put non-nishmothers in the kids. They're eating mothers. And in Yelp, they're faster until they're real. All right. Jews are busing out all over. The hunger is getting so intense. That when Yelp reports finished all the people who speak yet, it shall be written all the bridges of their friends. Oh, right. Because they're Jews, Jews, Jews, Jews. Just because they're Jews, Jews, Jews. All right. That's it. Oh, that was beautiful. Thank you very much. And the checkers in the mail. How do you like that? That was a tremendous rendering out there on Yelp Kibber. We got a few hours to go, okay? So don't be so damn uptight. Even though thanks for calling Lady Vanish disappeared off into it. I think they came and kidnapped her and dragged her off to show. She said, I don't want to go already enough with it. Now you're going, whether you want to or not. You got to repent. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. We got one lonely call on the board. This is going to be the worst day of my life. You know, I'm going to tell you something that wild sex that I was supposedly having. I think I must have left something behind. There might still be a little bit left over back there. Here's a lady mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? I'm doing great. This town is in a total coma today. Well, that's because everybody's getting ready. I hope you have an easy path. Getting ready. Popper thing to say. What? If you're supposed to tell someone to have an easy path. You don't say that, anybody unless they're from the Stone Age. And you are. That's not true. What do you mean that's not true? Of course it's true. Why should you fast? Listen, I think it's a calling that they're having a baseball game tonight. I think they don't play baseball on Christmas today. No, because there are no baseball games in December. Oh, well. It's a word. I checked. You don't play baseball on the snow. I don't think. They play, so they play on Easter Sunday. They play football on Easter Sunday. You bet. Well, that's the tip. They're ignorant to read it. Of course there are no football games on Easter Sunday in the middle of April. So like I said, of course not. Okay, well, I think it's horrible. They totally horrible. What? They don't pay it. They're playing in New York tonight. There's three million Jews in New York. They'll be a pack in the Yankee Stadium. Do you think they're upset about that? You bet they are. Well, they should be. Why? Because it's totally ignorant to other religions in the world. No, no, you've got to, you had part of that right. All religions in the world are ignorant. That's what you meant to say. Do you realize it's Christmas decorations out already? It's not even October. There's Christmas decorations out in September? Yes. Well, maybe that's part of the Head Start program. I don't know what that's all about. People ignorant to other people. That's what it is. And I think it's terrible that they, I mean, even a little league game. They even have them during this holiday. They can know attention to the fact that they're having little league games on young Kippur? Yes, they certainly are. Oh, my God. They certainly are. Holy crap. Holy moly. As Sammy Sosa would say, holy guacamole. Holy guacamole. Right. Have a, have an easy path. And back to you. Have an easy fast. Get the food in here, okay? Get the truth in here. Get the milk in the meat. Oh, my God. Have an easy fast. Don't you understand, lady. I'm not going to be fasting. I don't know anybody is going to be fasting. My mother's not going to be fasting. My mother's not going to show. I don't know anybody who is going to show. I'm sitting there wearing a beanie that don't cost me anything. Don't be frustrated. There you go. And we're getting the pre-lunch today. We're going to get more free food tomorrow. Just to show you a thing or two. You understand, you're outnumbered sweetheart. The superstitious goiam outnumbered the superstitious Jews. That's what it's all about. And I'm sure it's on purpose. Well, of course it's on purpose. That's the goddamn Pope. What do you think he's running around the world? He's got a lot of babies for us. A number is game. Don't you understand, Mr? It's a numbers game. The only thing Ted Turner ever said that made any sense. One baby per family. Of course he's got five kids. And he said if he had to do it all over getting my shoot for him. Something like that. The only thing that that idiot ever said that made any sense. Just like they do in China. More than one child in the family. I said, I remember when there used to be a little over there was like 1.3 billion people in a world. And now there's 5 billion people in the world. 5 billion in counting. And we have this exponential reproduction that's going on. So that's time you wake up, Nessia. I'm a young kibber. Well, I've 50 million billion people in a world. Even the crazy chinks finally got it straightened out. They said, holy moly, Confucius say, Quit making so many goddamn babies. And they did. And instead of you make too many babies, Here you go. We'll make you an offer you can't refuse. Which I have no idea what hell this is all about, but the kill a couple of good minutes. Seriously, I mean, it's a numbers game. All this clean oil. It's tradition. It's tradition. It's silly. All crap is what it is. It's a bunch of garbage. Haven't have a what did she say easy fast? Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And she's all upset because they're playing baseball on your kipper. I hate to break the news, yes, we are at Sandy Co. Max in pitch and no more. He wouldn't pitch on you. I'm kipper and they didn't make him pitch on you. I'm kipper. Oh, don't tell me this is all these New Yorkers are coming down it for the fat man. All the people that come down here is because there's so much to do here. That's why we have a problem with this sport. Support down here because. There's a little here is compared to New York. You can take any minute of any day and go voting. Fishy diving. I hate to break the news. It's a bit of a movie where from New York aren't voting, diving, skiing, snorkeling or surfing or any of the above. People who are aren't doing any of those things. They can be barbecue and ride your bike whatever they're doing. They can't do it for three months out of the year in New York. They can. They got to come here. They don't have a drive. They come down here. They're out of the boy race. They're out of the line. I'm here. I'm going to say thank you. My Papa said he's in take it. Let me tell you. It ain't the Floridians that are causing this sport. What? Not supporting the top and top. Just all these other people that come down here. Not one to be where they come from. Okay, great. Call a morning show tomorrow. Tell them that. I'm not interested in hearing about the dolphins and the jets. Okay. I'm not interested in hearing about sports teams. Did I say anything about sports teams? No. No, I did not. I said I'm nauseated by it. So now we got for the next. I'm taking the next three or four months off to the football season's over. I can't deal with this. Because I guess this whole radio station gets sucked into this thing now. It's the natives against the New Yorkers and everybody else, which I'm not from New York. And couldn't hear less about New York. Everybody else is like left on the outside of this. They've county wide open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Tamarack. Hello. Hello. Yes. I had a committee up here at the condominium. A committee of what? All parts? No, no. We're a committee of about 10 people and we listen to you. And a committee for what? What committee? A committee for good radio. A committee for good radio? Uh-huh. No. And we've been following you. Yeah. We've been following you. And we've counted over 200 separate incidents of rules. We've been under the influence of rule. Yeah. Yeah. Well, count to all one. Okay. Like hanging up on some asshole like you, there's two O one. He's got a committee. He's counting the incidents of rule. That's okay. Cock's a hoist. You old part and go find a life. And go check your neighbors' mail. Okay. Do something constructive. Go rifle through your neighbor's mail. Two open lines and David. 5, 6, 7, all of this place. It may not have tell you. Am I ecstatic about coming back here? No. Holy moly. Five, six, seven, oh five. I worked every year on young keeper for I don't know how many years. Just like many other holidays because I'm not gonna put on a phony act. And somehow I've gotten by. But here it's like a whole new, it's like somebody has built a brick guide damn wall out there. Or maybe it's just time to get back on a plane so it sounds good to me. 21 before I leveled at five. A few eight-air wheel strad MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged. I wanna fuck you like an animal! Damn it, this thing's not on! I'll come this isn't working! Look at Trut, you knocked over my bonge! Nine inch nails. Unclodder. Only on MTV. 1042 at five, 60. Port Lodderdale. Going once. Going twice. Hello. Yes? Wanna get on the air, man? You're on the air, man. Good. And we're listening. We're waiting. Where's the great-a-material? Let's go. Let's hear it. Okay. Okay, we have an open line at Bro. What is this? Is this misfit week? Is that what this is? Man, oh man! Airbeam, miscreant, airbeam, lunatic, airbeam, maniac. And they're not even amusing. They're not even making interesting gutterable sound. Nothing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound by 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. All week you haven't talked about an important thing. At least I haven't heard it. And I tried to listen to you. You haven't mentioned the fact that Larry King is going to be a popper. You know? Have you? I figured you'd have something to say about that. I've been astonished. You're astonished? What? This is the new thing. Now, all these old parts, Jack Le, uh, not Jack Le, not Tony, uh, Tony, uh, what's his name? Randall? Right. Is 120 years old? He's making babies. Got to do it. Larry King's making babies now. That's uh, horny. Yeah. That's a scary thought. That's a scary thought. A him reproducing it all. That's right. That's what if the kids got to come out with suspenders on. And this is not wife number seven. And he's really thinking the nails into it. He's thinking there's nine inch nails in them. Thanks for reminding me of the bad news. Sir, he's reproducing. Uh-huh. Open line and brodered 560, 560, pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm suicidal at this point. You better watch out. They got that committee out there. Yeah, like a committee for good radio. All right. They're following you. Uh-huh. They're stalking you. How they can stalker to me. So let's talk about the panters here. Real quick. I'm listening. They're stalking you. Yeah. You there? Yeah, I'm here, but you're turning you're radio off of listening. Say something. What is one of your people? Are you going to talk about today? I want to talk about. You don't have to give me a four-play tell me what you want to talk about. Talk about, say something. Do we talk about your real quick? Say something. What? I want to know what happened with this kid Paris that came out of Colorado. What even would happen to him? Well, he's supposed to be some kind of prospect. Is this another, uh, another one? Okay. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. There's hockey talking soft Florida for you right there. There you go. Big game tomorrow night. Another one of those big. Exhibition is games. Get with the program. Don't you understand this kid. He wants it all about the kids in the organization. Call up BM over there at the, uh, the arena. Okay. Call him up at his office. BM will give you a song in advance about the kids in the organization. He's got it on a cassette tape like a stuck record. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. I began kippa. Uh, uh, I'm leaving for Las Vegas. I'm still going to chicken on my head instead of my normal. Good. Good. Little pal. I think I'm going to follow. I'm going to get on a plane to go to Vegas. Never. Good time. I'm a good time. I'm a good guy. People here are a bunch of deadheads. I'm a good cowboy. That's a good place to stay. But I have a good place to gamble. And I have no idea. I've ever been in there. Okay. Because they couldn't get a room with the MGM grand. Yeah. But um, I'm going to have a nice time there. I guess. It's a good location. You walk right across the street to the Troppacana. The MGM, New York, New York, New York. Uh, you're, you're in a good spot. Oh, good. I want to see the baratries museum too. Oh, God. Okay. Okay. Have a great time. Okay. Thanks, Neo. Bye. Say hi to Liberatji. Say how to Lee. Highly, we have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Oh. Yes, sir. Okay. Thank you. Two open lines in date one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. No, Hollywood. That's what it says here. Hollywood. That's what it says. Yeah. We don't have a nice holiday. Did any week? Are you in Hollywood, sir? Yes, sir. Then why did you make those? Uh, what did that mean? What? I said, let's go to Hollywood. You said, uh, Hollywood. Are you in Hollywood? Yes, it's what actually sounded border of Hollywood. It's a public park. I'm really here where you are. We're not looking for you. You know, any way. It's enough for me. You're talking about the cigars. Years ago, the cigars, the cigar industry was flat. And nothing came with it now. Great. Okay. We have two open lines in date one in Broward. Fight. Let's talk to 50,000 people today for 10 seconds. He sounds good to me. That's what we'll do because then they can exhaust all the material in it. 10 seconds or less. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Good. God, all mighty. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey, you suck you fat. Okay, Faggot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm an YouTuber. That's listening to your rang wave on these people. It's the back keeper. That's the very surrounded by four million assholes here. Sure, that's what we got. We're in the middle of four million assholes. We got assholes from New York. Assholes from Cuba. Assholes from wherever they're headed from. From Haiti. We're just there surrounded in the goddamn sea of assholes here. Oh, yeah, the jets and the dolphins and the dolphins and the jets and mine. This is bigger than yours. It is a great. We're really impressed. Like a bunch of two-year-old kids in a sandbox. They'd count. Why don't we hear? Let's get some goyam on the phone here in date. Let's get some Jews on the phone in date. County today. I'm challenging you on your on-yum kipper. Call us in and tell us about that dead chicken on ahead. Or is it alive chicken? Or is it laying an egg on your head? What does this story come out? Let's hear about the rest of the bubble miceys to embarrass ourselves. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This is where all the rejected assholes come from every state, from every country. And maybe you should think about letting some of these old people, these clonics that you say, toss you because they have material. Yeah, well, they got that's here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Right. They got material. We have an open line in day one and brown. He's got the committee for a good radio over there. It is condo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go back to it. In fact, what we'll do is we'll get a little teeny tiny chair. And we'll put a little teeny tiny mic on a teeny tiny state in there. And I'll go back to doing guests again like a used to years ago. This this, whatever I do here, this is over, funny to why declare it today history. Whatever we've been doing here and doing pretty well for last 10 or 12 years, it's history dead. You know, everything goes in cycles. Let's cycle it back and bring out. We'll bring the nutritionist on here. We'll bring in Jane Don again. We'll bring on Henry Rothblatt's body and prop him up at a chair. Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, we'll do all that stuff again. We'll bring on Enes the penis. Sheera talking about bilingualism again. Because this is history. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hey Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. You too. Hey, I know you're not a big judge on adults of fan, but uh... I can't stand John for a vault. He makes some nauseous. Maybe you haven't seen it or maybe. The movie called, I think it's called Mad City. Have you had anyone done make comment on that? I never heard about it. Never heard of it. Yeah. Oh, a fat joke. Give it to me. Oh, come on. Come on. George did. Joe. Our Joe, two thumbs down. Mm-hmm. Well, kind of, I don't we call the last half of it, but I thought you might be interested in how it pokes fun at the media. Dustin Hoffman, Alan Alden. Uh... Oh, Alan Alden. Yeah. Yeah. No, and I think we're just along the same line. I mean, if I want to see Alan Alden, you know, on 60 times a day on Whammy on Mac, I don't need to see that stupid movie would John Revolta. Yeah. Okay. Well, I don't know. I was thinking about you when I was in it. I wouldn't watch it. I mean, with Aldeau respect. I know you don't. I would not watch the movie would John Revolta for more than five seconds. Well, the impression I got was the movie poked fun at the media, you know, was just how they're, you know, in a feeding frenzy about the ticker story and the news reporters want to guide a leave the blood on his face after effort explosion, how it heighted it all up or whatever. So I think I got to kick out of it. Okay. But no big deal. And Brian Lewis made your doos bag. Okay. Thanks. We have an open line. Broward 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. What is that? Oh, that is. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello, no. Yes. Happy young Kippur. Uh-huh. You can beat up on the radio if I wanted to call in and say hello. I'm not getting beat up. I'm just going through the same experience. I do every day of my working life and it is I'm coming in here begging for people to say something. Something and not even until I was going to say something intelligent. Something even worthwhile. I'm using interesting combat of anything. But they cannot do it. They cannot do it. They cannot do it. They run out of material. This town is dried up. If it isn't the jets and the dolphins and the jets and we hate you like poison. If it isn't that they got nothing left. That's right. They're out of freaking material in this goddamn town. I have a bumper sticker on my car and says we don't care how you do it up north. And that's so true. Yeah. Just get them on a bus and take a couple of Haitians and get back up there if you don't like it here. All right. Take care, buddy. See ya. Don't give me that's thing about one. He's not going to be in the car. Oh, it is. We have an open line in Broward 567. Well, maybe they can sell baseballs in New York. Maybe they can sell them a little bit tighter so somebody and he's going to get 60 some home run. Here's a Fort Myers with 42 questions, Mark. Hello. Neil, please. Neil, you're a nerd. Neil, you're a nerd. OK, thank you, sir. Like you said, Fort Myers. It's great that we're back on in Fort Myers for hours today. Oh, they may as well look all together today yesterday. Talk to you again tomorrow. I'll keep you off the streets. Open line in date 567560, you turn on 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Cutler Ridge, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Got two questions. One. The only thing about that new hotel supposed to be a high roller in the last day is. But the audio, the Italian one? I've heard rumors like 200 bucks a night's save because it's strictly high roller. Right. They said, open. It opens tomorrow. I do believe opens October 1. I think. OK. I'm going to November. Should I bring a jacket over there? Here's like, I want to go. No, I'd go in my underwear. Of course, bring a jacket. It's going to be colder and hell. Not like a North Pole, but it'll be a chilly, you bet. OK. I just wanted to know that. We're talking to mountains, man. It gets colder and I. Really? All right, how cold? Cold. Cold enough for a jacket. Have a good time. And enjoyment Donald's or two, and it have some neat seven-levens with all the little up-fog, with the signs you love it. We have an open line of day-one in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile-in-west Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I know. I want to throw something at you here what you think about the phenyl-style gamling from what I can see around our city and wet Palm Beach. Things are different. Getting pretty much not ready for that. To take a hat and whenever I'm a thing of jet-foot, we are going to come up with a weekday. What? What do I think about gambling and jet-bocious is going to be the governor? What is that in here? Well, I thought it was a jet-foot. It's going to be governor. He's going to legalize the game. No, he's not. He's going to be a governor. Let me say it again. Jet-bocious against gambling. All kinds. Well, I read a little piece of the paper how Donald Trump is kind of. Sir, are you listening? Are you listening to what I'm saying? Sir, jet-bocious opposed to gambling. Can you understand English? Do you hear me? Do you read my lips? There will be no casino gambling in Florida. So they've vest yourself of those concerns and have a wonderful life and have a easy fast. An easy movement. Oh, my God, the stupidity. If I had a dollar for every IQ point that's missing from this area, I could buy the guy in state. Then we'd have casino gambling. Then we'd have some stuff going on here. Instead of these deadheads, that's one of the main reasons that they don't want casino gambling. They're my bring some living and breathing people down here. Instead of these retards and banana board people that we got. Two open lines in date, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. 1055 on WQAM, your friendly station for the 90s. Happy New Year. A blessed young Kippur and easy movement. Hey. 11 o'clock at 560 on your QAM. Here's a mobile and pop at OB, Chilo. Happy young Kippur. Good morning, OB. Uh-huh. I'm glad you're taking a stand and you'll... A stand on one. Working on young Kippur. I mean, I think it's... What do you mean taking a stand? I've been doing this as long as I've been working. Why should I take off the legit holiday? What are not religious? Exactly. You know, nothing works. And you know, I'm Jewish. And nothing's worse than going to Temple. Somebody's picking a prayer book in front of you in Hebrew. Yeah. And you're following along like you really know what you're reading. Right. And of course you don't. And you know, it's so in our senses. I mean, are we supposed to play along like this? Yeah. Of course you're supposed to be an out-time at time, like the overwhelming majority of people of any religion. Just go and you go through the motion. But I beat by poop, but I'm about by Rukhata Arana, he's good. I'll be here's good. And it doesn't mean a goddamn thing to anybody. But they're conditioned to doing it. People are like puppets. It's terrifying. It's scary as hell. Well, as I'm concerned, it's just enough to believe in God and, you know, believe it. God. He's good. He's good. He's good. Yeah. But that's what it takes. Okay, Zagda's on. What ever that means? We have an open line in Broward to and date on the worst day of my life. I, today was right in the running. You don't maybe like the word Lord 10, the bottom 10 list of all time. Today is 100 times worse. I said to myself, tomorrow's young keeper, but you're going to go in there and the guy and their plenty of going, the Jews were out in Numberton town just because it's a Jewish holiday and a kid's about a school. That doesn't mean we're not going to get a billion phone calls with people with all kinds of stuff to talk about here today. Like they guy want. And by the way, we have Panther tickets. We couldn't give it away today. How many we have? Six, six. We had to give away. And am I going to give away? No. I wouldn't get the Zagda into the sweat off that Joe's ass today. As then we get a bunch of phone calls and he asked suckers on here all of a sudden calling. Oh, you're so great. We love him. Can we have those tickets? Yeah. Like this is my first day on here here and I'm not used to this bull crap. That's what I want. The first day he was on. He was given away crap. He's no fool. He knows what it's all about. He sits in here and watches this crap every day and listens to the talks to 90% of the people that don't get on here or a bunch of mental misfits. Taking all the pros that the governor desperately needs to get through the last few months. Always journal endorses, jab bush to these people. Have a guy damn thing to say about it? No, they don't. Oh, they're all in shoulder today. They're all going baruch hot all but a beep but a loop but a walk. They're all going to chicken on their head. That's right. Rome is burning in like a narrow. They got a guy damn chicken on their head. Like that John Randall there. Well, they're going to sort of Vikings. That's right. They got a TV spot for fried chicken and the group. The people for ethical treatment of animals, Petta, is upset by a popular commercial which the all-pro defensive tackle John Randall the Vikings chases a chicken. That's where in the number four jersey of Green Bay quarterback Brett Farve. The group contains that studies indicate such behavior shows a consistent pattern of cruelty to animals among perpetrators of violence toward humans. They believe the commercial sends the wrong message to children. So instead of taking a chicken and then showing that he's an eating barbecue chicken on the grill after whatever he catches the chicken, he should be sticking it on some old Jewish guys head and doing a pubic servant. There you go. That's where we stick our chicken on your head. Crazy people is what we're talking. Oh, you he's offensive. We can't hear you can't say these to no because it's true. That's why you're not supposed to say him because it's true. Oh, he's making fun of our religion. Your goddamn right I am. Bet your life on it, okay? Function is silly as crap going on. We got the goddamn Iraqis are like five inches away from building nuclear bombs now. Nobody cares about that. They're worried about whether the president's penis is in the proper position today. And whether Monica and then her mother by the way, now she didn't know what about any of this. She told the bitch to give me that dress right away. But I guess she just assumed it might have been a chicken soup stain or something like that or maybe Monica had a chicken on her head and had dribbled down her dress or something. Had a little accident. Didn't know anything about her affair with the president right, phony bitch. All these other things to worry about. These people are running around with chickens on their heads. And you wonder why the world is in the shape that it's in today? Got that poor little puppy running around lost outside here, at least fat joys. At least we find out who around here has got a little bit of rock bonnis a little bit of sympathy. George is in there. Oh, there's all these packs of wild dog dogs. There's a lost puppy that somebody was irresponsible with that's out there. My heart goes out, but there are so many of those. You're a dirty. You're an idiot. I'm going to report you to the pet of people. What about then last week? The pet of Peter people eat a pita. That was my campaign. Yeah, how about the pita file people? Where are we going? Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Couple of things. Did you see this thing last night about prostitution and television? No, I did that. Well, they were talking about the biggest and they were talking about Amsterdam. Yeah. And you just came back there. Did you buy a chance to dump that district? What do you mean? Are we staying that district? I mean, it's not like it's one block or something. There are blocks and blocks of the red light district. Well, they had that one spot that we had. They actually had these women in the window and stuff. And I thought, oh, they were not such a bad idea. What do you mean they actually have these women in the window? Like that's a bulletin to you. You weren't aware of this? No, not an afternoon. The one time I ever heard of Amsterdam was when you talked about it. But I said, you know, after Vietnam, I don't leave the back there. And that's it. They have red light districts all over. And most of the major cities of Western Europe, I mean, it's not not set up the same way as it is in Amsterdam. But they have red light districts in almost every major city in Western Europe. Well, the thing about this was to say talked about these girls, you know, get checked all the time and drive them our HIV positive. And then they have this area that's further out in town, it's like all fence-offs. They have the street walkers that work out there. And they have a little like little garage thinking, pulling into their business. And they said that the majority of them are coming up with the diseases. Well, what does it tell you? Don't you think we should start legalizing this? Absolutely. You're certain you're around me. The guy that called from Palm Beach about are we going to get casino gambling. Of course, we should legalize prostitution a hundred years ago in this country. It's never going to happen. I mean, not in the Stone Age. Not because of morality, because it's going to save somebody. Why exactly? Because you put it inside and you get it off the streets and you clean it up. And you make sure that the people are doing it are safe. And that's how it operates. And other people walk by those windows every day. Little kids walk by. They walk by the sex shop. They don't pay any attention to it anymore. After you've seen it, the first 5,000 times in a longer has any titillating value. Ha ha ha. Little pig. Japan is the biggest or awful. They talk about you know, they're paying a thousand to three thousand dollars US. I thought, oh my God. Yeah. For a long time, I got a hand. I ain't going to pay that kind of money. Well, I got news for you. If you look like most of those Jeffs, you'd have to pay a lot to get laid too. Have a great day, pal. See you in the red light district. I'll see you on the root of Vaseline. This guy is shocked that they have a red light. Oh, a red light district in Amsterdam? I can't believe it. Oh my God. Have I ever seen that? Not me. No. No way. Let's go up to a sweet water. Go to a singer island. Just get on a bus and kind of check out the real world. Because I've been telling you for 20, some years now. This is definitely not it. If there is such a thing as a real world, this place where we are now, this is not. No, no, no. It's 11 away to 560WQ. There we got Kimbobo, camper with 6 and we got the Yankees in the range of 745 tonight. You feel like I got fat Joe is out of control. I'm telling you what I just witnessed is to make it. I can fast. I can have you on the kippers for weeks now after watching that. 11 13 at 560WQ. I'm going to forget we'll be at the borders at the gallery of the Saturday from noon to two with our set of one best of Neil 97 and 98. Two volumes. They're great this year. I'm telling you right now, pretty lot of cash. Noon to two of the Saturday and also of course you can start to calling set a one like any day. Now 954 or 5633600. 954 or 5633600 and get your best of Neil's for these lives two years. 20 bucks a pop. Because set a or CD or both. Okay, where we going? Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? I'm doing great. How are you doing? I'm doing great. If there's one to try this. I like your right here. Stay Shining. I like your show. Perfect. Uh huh. And it's going to be a lot of the talk to you on the other station last night. Yeah. And I think it's a better station you're on now. Oh, yeah. No question about that. Every day, Pearl. Thank you so much. Okay, DJ. What how does that happen? If you notice that's happened a lot yesterday and today. Dave County, all three lines are open today. I think somebody's parking around here and playing fast and loops again could be 560-60-060 on the ATT Wireless line. Probably some purpose in a goi and parking around with our foot. Is it a little bit of a bell south? Here's Hollywood hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm sure. Uh, Sam is one of my favorite cities too. Yeah. And give it to down Newton April's bro. I heard you went to the balloon. I don't know why you went to the balloon. What's the symbol on you? I've been in Rome 60 times. Are you going to Naples? Such a San Francisco or a bit of a week? No Naples is not the San Francisco. Naples is the Calcutta of Italy. There's nothing but slippers there. Oh, it's a nice town. No, it is not. Well, it was the last time you were there. How about 5-6-7 years ago? No. Naples is nothing but rampant poverty in Gypsy isn't beggars now. Where Naples is in the dire straits. Sorry to hear that. South of Rome you don't want to go. Oh, sorry. One other thing. You've watched this show pause on HBO. I think it's on Wednesday night. No. Oh, it's a great series. You're watching some time. Okay, thank you. Okay. We have an open line in Broward at all of the 5-6-7-0-560-560. 5-660. Yeah, you can't hear me. Oh, my ecstasy. Oh, the 190. Nathan, maybe that's where it's at. Slipper, Giffy, trampoline. Oh, you're out again now. And moving it all around. Get down again now. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal, hello. Yes, sir. Good day. If you're at the article, I'm in cover with a fun button all about the channel 10-4-2-2 that came out with evidence about a murder case in 86. No. Apparently, it was handed on the case. So, it's over that the chief witness who admitted to the contract is lying on the stand. This is on a front page of the sun. All this story on the top here about money and murder in the grove. Right. Oh, about guilt, right. Our good old friend, Gil, not so bright. Yeah. So apparently, she's known about it for five years and, uh, constantly finally got to better over, I guess. Right. So, uh, more corruption in the police department. In fact, there's a re-logally picture in Gil and the upper right hand, quarter of the amount. How did I miss that this morning? Well, if I would have seen that, I'd really also, okay, thank you so much, sir. Okay, it's pretty boring. Okay, we have two open lines of date one and brown, five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a bokeh. Now, now? Yes, sir. I'll put the TV you can play that duck from. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. We have two open lines of date one and brown, five six, seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Okay. Oh my God, this is so good. Oh, I'm, I'm so bad. Oh, yeah. Oh, you're done. Oh, you're done. Oh, my God. Oh, I'm glad, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, that feels so good. I want to show you all the number one. There's seven. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, I don't want to. Wow. Oh, I don't want to get here at 10 o'clock. I'm gonna lose an edge of me today. Oh, my God. Oh, it's my, it's my, it's all for you. QAM. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir? Hi. Neil. David here in control room. You haven't a bad day today. David in the control room? Yeah. What are you calling for, David? I'm from material for you. Yeah. Okay. All right. I was wondering. David is calling for my six feet away in the other room. Yes? Better than watching in there and getting braided by you. Getting braided? Getting braided. Getting bragged on by you. Yes? I'm listening. Okay. We're from material David. It's coming. Oh, I'm not. No, no. Okay. Did you see the article about our station and the new time? I don't know what I see that. You don't read the new time? Of course not. Why not? We're, we're not going to get a new time to let somebody bring us on up. Okay. We're going to bring it in tune. I'll call back. Well, what is it about? It's about our state. About all the shows that they already can't offer. You know about how old you guys are perinoid and terrified. You can lose your jobs. That too. Is that what it's about? Well, actually, what? How do Rob Kaplan's meeting go yesterday? We finally get any information on that? No, I don't know. We have, in some other words, we got to wait till the mob because it's you. I'm keeping it in these plain professional Jew. I'm going to find out until tomorrow what Rob Kaplan, that all you guys are, what you've got to job or not? Well, bring me the new time statement. Don't ever call here again. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560, 560 on it. We're getting calls from the wailing people in the other room. I can throw a brick from here right there. And I might just do it if you open the door. That's unbelievable. All of who's here. Oh, my god. We made a star out of him again. Long after that football career was over. We made him into a superstar. I was at the Atkins problem coming along. I'll heal up. He's okay. Yeah, thank you so much. Really that new time. They got something about whammy in there. That's good. Thank you very much. What pages it on? Well, take your time. There's no big hurry. In fact, there. There you go. I'm on the front page. I know that you are. Hey, David, give me some idea where this article might be. Okay, it's only a four-hour code. That's the worst you were on my page. Oh, here you go. TV from there. Can you explain to me what that means by the way that they do on all those breaks on this channel on Channel 16 on whammy. TV from there. What does that mean? Does it mean say am I missing something? Yes. I don't know. There's spoken as TV from here. Maybe they're making fun of that. What does that mean? You know, like from here, as opposed to from New York or somewhere else. TV from here? From Lincoln Road on Miami Beach, from over here. From over here. Where they had to evacuate during a hurricane. They had to put on a weather channel with no audio because they were too embarrassed. They were too gutless and spiny to stay over there and stay on the air and do a public service for the public. And they do a simultaneous to the guy they're in weather channel. That's like Channel 7 because they don't really have a network of fully other than Fox, but they don't have a news affiliate. So they put on headline news from CNN all the time for hours at a time. That's what you call really great TV programming. Okay, now what does it say? It's the fall season the time on television. It works. This is by Robert Andrew Powell in New Times. Miami's program is local. All right. If you live in Los Angeles. Here in Miami, we're blessed with our very own network. Miami is the first of what local Berry Diller hopes will be. An national chain of locally program stations. A yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. Instead, when he's roster is filling up with such fresh and creative. If he's Charlie's Angels, we're ready to teach a hooker. That's right. You left off the 80. Oh, it here it comes. As of last week, when the officials were using their self-described Sticky Art Lincoln Road Studios to broadcast mass is often as for our Times today. If a station ever needed to make a splash in the fall, it's whammy. So what are the new shows? The month there's M.K. Posse USA. It says thanks to whammy. My became viewers can now spend sunny night watching Stephen Bauer on two stations at the same time because it's already on P.B.T. So we get on public television and our whammy. It still looks pretty good to me. And let's see. So what does it go down through? It's got the $6 million man in Charlie's Angels and M.K.T. and the monsters politically incorrect. And we're, and again, once again, I don't exist. They've got every other show on his goddamn television station. Nature's way, TJ Hooker. Well, I guess what they're going to say is these are the only shows that they got of the ones that are like network shows. Is that it? Either reruns or network shows because they don't list the news or any of the other rub. No. Local angle, although both shows that aiding game in Newlywood game are taping California, people in Miami date all the time. Many go on to Mary Kevin Bacon is married to a set of inside. Oh, that's great. So what's, so he, David called me and told me about this, which is nothing to show that they shot at our, and at this channel, and how they got a bunch of rehashed old crap on there, just like Paxon does on Paxon that, and it's a bunch of hands, and the only shows that get any numbers by the way, those old hatched over in the cartoons, and that's it. Well, thanks a lot, David. I killed about four or five minutes. Nice going, pal. Oh, here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes. How are you doing? Okay. Hey, I just wondered if they're going to play the red socks game, you know, they have it on the radio there? No, we're not. She was so we have to listen to you all day. No, you couldn't go get a TV set would be good if you want. Yeah, but I don't have cable. I can't afford it. Well, if you're that, but then stick with the radio. It's free. It's right up your alley. Okay, you cheap prick. How do you like that? You can't afford the cable. So he's got to listen to me all day. Now, I'll do a play by play. Like Hank was doing yesterday. I'll do a play by play at a red socks in Indians. Do a lot better job than those assholes. I'll get feet and oh my god. Who the hell did they have to do an ad game yesterday? That was unbelievable. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami's destined for me to awkward in here. Descendant for it? Yeah. We've arrived, Laura. We were there. Wait, how do schedule? You know, I can't believe with the crap they're programming. Anyway, I'm going to cut right to the chase. Why don't we do it? My agenda is I'd like to in those panther tickets. Okay, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. New y'all got. Yes, sir. How's it up on the follow-up? Yeah, I don't like that comedian, I like I'm good. The guy evidently thinks I'm joking. I have six panther tickets. Would I not give it away? Good for you. Um, listen. audience treats me like crap. I'm going to treat them like crap. Hey, I'd say you treat me. I like crap. The department of transportation is a word of warning for everybody to tell and less than south on the palmet or right at the big corner. Yeah. Um, this rocks, huge rocks, freaking a one foot wide. Everything comes to screeching off. There's more garbage on the palmet and then anything you've ever seen. And some of it's not even driving cars. Exactly right. Right. Um, listen, the, uh, Saturday. Yeah. Your appearance. Yes. It's going to be where it's going to be. Gallery aborted, the borders over there by the gallery of mall and for the one on university. No, no, by the gallery. It's over there on the east way over east sunrise over by the beach. Oh, no. No, no, no. Look. No, no, no, no. Okay, see you there. Okay. We have an open line. And we're a little slow today. Understand, it must be the hurricane must be run under the store. Taking all those canned goods back, taking a lot of plywood and all that sheet metal and going over there to try to be up right and right across. Whatever else do you try to get even with? I understand. Been a rough weekend for you. Plus, so you can't, you can't that off with the, put the chicken on your head for your own kipper and you put that all together. I should be a little more lenient with these bastards. Okay, but I won't. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I know what you live and I'm getting how it's turned over there. No, great. I can't wait. Okay, tell me. I'll make a macellami sandwich. See, there we go again. The New Yorkers with everything is Howard. Everything is the jet. Everything is New York. Like I said before, if everything in New York is so wonderful. What can you possibly be doing here? What could you possibly be doing here? I'm here because I'm trapped here. I'm a prisoner of my own success and it's got for second toilet for the last twenty-three years. But why would somebody like this? Who's under the age of a hundred? What would you be doing here? Besides, and I would hear blow up, Dala Howard. What else are you doing? Puts? God. You name the part of the world and whatever the direct is from there we got it here. Whether it's the Caribbean, whether it's New York, whether in Ome. You name the part of the world and you take the worst direct that you could possibly imagine and we got it all here. You know what I'm talking about? Oh yeah, I don't mention the condos, not on young kipper. They're worried about the committee for better radio. It's 1126 at 560 WQM on the other toilet. Yeah. Oh, five years. How do you eat without shoes at X? Dr. Ronald Anderson, Newport Beach, California, who's having only a little too snooty to be flying with the rest of us lobs, who the first thing we do want to play is take off our shoes. The very first thing on a long distance trip, kick off those shoes. Baby in first place, business class, Magnetica, whatever it is, star class, star cross, or cross. Those wrong with that. And you should be able to take off your shoes and your speech and the stink. Maybe they should have like, you know, when they check in. And they put you through the metal detector. Maybe they should have a stinky detector too. Seriously, if it turns out that any of your body parts are like over if the thing goes off. Oh, sorry, you're off. You're out. Can't put you on a plane, nobody wants to fly eight nine hours with you. I'll guarantee you right now. Oh, my feet. Oh, oh. Not too good. Not too good. Oh, geez. Not too good at all, you know what? What's because that word sucks and these damn shoes I got on here, these shoes have had it. I need some older eaters. Oh, and by the way, the good news, speaking of feet. Here's the best news, which I had ten months. And I finally got rid of that damn, what the hell was that thing called in the bottom of my right heel? He'll spurt. Well, that's the very simple pedestrian with the doctors have a word for it, which sounds very official and very, very nasty. And it was. So thanks for those magnets in my shoes. You cracked doctor up there in a braward. You jackass. The magnets in my shoes. And let me say at the first day I came on the ear here. I warned you about magnets anybody. Dr. Trice to pet a new magnets for anything. Start running in call a cops, okay? And tell them no way Jose. No. No thanks. Ten months took me for that damn crap to go away. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. One more time. Yes. Yeah. Uh, Neil? What can we do for you, sir? Is it Neil? No. Two open lines in date. 560, 560, 560, on the 182, wireless line. Paint your ballspotser. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, my friend would like to know where he can buy your CDs. And borders. All right. Thanks. Starting this weekend. Okay. Give him a big kiss for us. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 in date. 560, 560, 560, on the 182, wireless line. No, for us is no monochemmonoma monochemmony. That's right. I saw that piece on CNI. I guess it was when I was on vacation. They were talking about, well, monochemmonicas people are talking to the Oprah people. And she's going to be making her first appearance per people. But what does that mean her people? But in any way, it's fellow part because come to find out, Oprah says she doesn't pay for interviews no matter what the payment is called. And Lewinsky spokeswoman Judy Smith said she wouldn't come at on the aborted interview talks. No cash and no BS. So how do you like that? Monochemmony, Lewinsky, for fun and profit, bring in down the president that's fucking busy. And now looking to make a good chunk of it. Two open lines in date, 560, 560, 560, on the 182, wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I need a little help. I'm getting the Lewinsky, I'm getting the Lewinsky. I'm taking it up the back from Ticketmaster. We're going to show from last week. And I hate to call it a windy e-metic. I know how you like blasted out of it when they call the bitch, but I need to advise. I want to take it for the show back in August. The show is last Wednesday. Watch out. For a pro jam, up a cool sky. Oh, geez. I don't know. Don't tease, man. I mean, the first moment only choice in life. Pro jam is one of your only choice in life. Well, that ended in Reke. Yeah. Okay. So listen. So Wednesday, now you know, there was two shows, two day and Wednesday. Wednesday at Consos and I have a pregnant wife. I'm supposed to bring in a wheelchair, so she's going to have to stand for the concert. And the doctors are telling us that, you know, it's a big call of warning. You have to get her to the hospital. So my main concern is my child's welfare and everything. So I'm calling him and she'll see, you got to give me the word here. Can I cancel? Can I do? No, I'm sorry. The show's going on. We don't know. I call take a master. We can't finally get through them today. There's nothing we can do. Call call sky. Avenue heard from them. Call American Express. So like, look, chances are nothing. I mean, is this really how it works? I mean, it's just one how it works. How much do you spend? 65 bucks for two tickets? Oh, come on. 65 bucks for crack call up. Give them rumors number. Hillary, Hillary and Bruce. Dave County lines are wide open. All three of them maybe were sitting here looking at that. That's enough to bring tears to my eyes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, the only one. The only one who is one. We want some Jews calling in here today on young keeper. Okay, who aren't going to show? Who aren't putting a chicken on their head? Who aren't blowing their show for anybody else's? That's what we want. Let's cut this balloon. Okay, let's cut to the chase here and cut the crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60, on the AT&T line. And thank God. I came to my senses and didn't give away those six pair of pants. It tickets for tomorrow night's game against the hurricanes. That exhibition is game. Because I'm going to tell you with what this audience has done for me yesterday and today. I wouldn't do this to Hitler. What this audience has done. Well, you know, you're a so irreverent in your say, that's right. Can't handle the truth, can you? Got that old fart that we got nothing but a bunch of cranky old farts in his town. Oh, we're going to cure it to Redsaw's game. Don't worry, I'll care and some stupid playoff game. That's on television here in the middle of the day. Because you're too cheap to go out and get. You don't need cable. Well, that's right. It's on ESPN. Like I said, you lose, pal. You lose. Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello. We need Hollywood. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I got a stick neck. It sounds just like you. Oh, is this meal? This sounds like me and sounds like you. Oh, great. Well, you made a comment about the drag that live here in Florida. Yes. And I was wondering how you get away with the language it's used on the radio. I mean, it doesn't. It's not updented to me. But is that an attempt to come down to people's level here? Or are you just trying to blend in with the rest of us? Lops. There you go. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Great. I have a succeeded. You're struggling to do it. Okay. Thank you. All right. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 567. God damn it. God dang. Huh? 567. 560 and 556 the only AT&T wireless line. 22 till noon on QAM. Oh. Take a couple of deep breaths, baby. Do a few calisthenics. I'm going to tell you. If I ever get a hold of that Bob Eisenberg, this guy. Hey, if it's fresh, you'll throw really anitis. Young was indicted on Monday. A 14 federal council fraud money laundering and racketeering former mayor of Richmond, Virginia. Young who is also the past red fourth bat is church. The pastor is accused of illegally using an elderly church member's credit card accounts to buy gifts in the rent hotel rooms for extra marital liaison. Oh. For screwing around. The indictment also alleges the illegal use of city money involving Pony consultant contracts that benefited him and an aid jewel Harris. Young was served as mayor from July 1994 through June 1996. Of course, tonight the allegations. Of course. We have an open line in date County. We want to hear from some Jews who are eating today. I want to hear from on your own. I can't be the only hidden Jew in the world. That's eating a meal here on your own. Kippard isn't going through this fasting crap. I've got diabetes for crying out loud. I got the high blood sugar and low blood sugar. My head is spinning right now. I'm hollowing over here. And that business about not even drinking any water. I mean, I never even heard of that before. I'm getting a good education here. It's even more embarrassing than I thought it was. First we got people running around with a chicken on their head. And then we got the, and let me ask you, who's going to get the sins out of the chicken? They're animals anyway. If you transfer your sins into the body of the chicken, who's going to get the sins out of there? And how can you certainly can't slaughter that chicken in either? Because then it can't be kosher if it's loaded with sins. Huh? Oh, good point. I've come off here. I got rid of the bird. Somebody had a chicken. Yeah, I don't need to put them out of it. We have an open line at, oh, it's 5.6. And make sure it does a good first. Okay. Make sure it gets there. Just bring it right out of the, oh, there you go. Get it all out of there before you stick the chicken on your head. Or you're going to have a messy young kip roll. I'll tell you that right now. I'm just a, just, just draw to this very jackass and put it way back there and broadcast notes in a hero. They have to like search to find this. Monday night football ratings sufferers because they had the playoff game. The cups and the giant. I'm undeniable. But nevertheless, to show you how dumb America is. Tampa, baby, Troy, one of the worst matchups. I mean, a coma inducing game. Six to three at the half. The only reason anybody might want to watch that is to watch very, Sanders run rough shot over a really crappy, overrated Tampa team in the second half. But a horrible game. And still had an 11.1 national rating on ABC topping the six point one rating on ESPN for the Cubs game. Now we'll grant you ESPN's only on 72% of the West homes. But nevertheless, should there have been any contest? No. These football people, man. I mean, don't they understand what the product is they're watching is crad? Oh, maybe what I've been saying is true. They go in and they sit there and they watch it and they convince themselves, oh, this is really entertaining. I'm really enjoying this. Yeah. Uh-huh. Keep saying that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Jewish. I'm working. And I'm going to dig into a big sandwich that has meat and cheese. Oh, hey, yes. Oh, oh. All right. The next thing I want to ask you about is even though I'm working, I want to help George get his money. Is bonus? Yeah, I want to do it. Yeah. I can't do before. I work for a collect name and see how I want to do it. Give me the name of whoever owes him the money. Great. All pound them. Greg Reed. Greg Reed. Give me a number. What, what, give me a give the sky number off here. Hang on. Give him number for the office number. And Tom, to keep calling that number over and over again. Leave messages. Leave threatening messages on his answering machine. Voice, males, etc. Maybe this guy's got a point. Maybe that's the only way we'll ever get George's bonus if he ever does get it. Is with threats from collection people. Because trying to embarrass them on the air. Sure, as a work, I'll tell you that. Oh, it's a big joke. I'll never forget as long as I live. But they came down here and he said he had the hotspots. But I say. You'll tell me, you'll all make him a bet that you'll get the money. Didn't say when. He didn't say what year. He'll bet me the George will get the money. If he lives long enough. Great. He has a lot of cuts. Yeah, he sure does. Even though he doesn't know what it means. I'll tell you one thing. If you're going to work in radio. This is my advice to you. Okay. If you're going to work in radio. Don't work for Goiam. That's my advice. The good people I work for at Dick Casper. Jewish. Gary Lawrence. Jewish. Bob Green. He's not a bad guy for a little. There you go. You're right. That's right. You work for Goiam. Like Tim Williams over there at INZ. Pete Bulger. Goiam. Goiam may be okay. And certain other businesses. Which I haven't figured out what they are yet. They may be okay. But not in radio. If you're going to get in this business. Make sure you work for Yidlach. Okay. Here's Bob and O.B. Chelo. Yes, sir. Great. What a show. I'm not jumping at family with the phone room. For Gregory. Yeah. Yeah. I got a few telemarketing rooms said. Good. What do we have? We can put it for the series. Listen. Investors. This is Dale. I know it's not a normal paper. Your list is read. Republican Congress. White-ring Republican Congress rejects the yield to send to the president. What they're saying is because he committed a court. He committed a court. He's not a victim in a case. Not not a police case. He's not a victim. She's not a victim. It's the court. I don't want to read the whole article. Yeah. White-ring. Okay. By the police. But it's a move point. Anyway, they're going to pay her off and they're going to settle at the next couple. We're going to go. What they're saying now those right wing fascists are saying. The court is actually the defendant in this case. Not her, not him. The court is because he lied to the court. Follow me. That's a bull crap. I understand it. But I'm just telling you. So, page 8, too. Take a look at it. Hey, two. Hey, two, broot. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And what does that kind mean? What's the in Belonia? That expert there. That travel expert that's telling me how wonderful Naples is. Maybe that guy was to Naples Florida once in his life. Maybe he ran into the beeslies over there and said, Oh, this is a hell of a place. Naples my ass. Naples is for Schlepper's pal. That's where all the gypsies they won't let into Rome. That's where they sent him to Naples. That's how bad that is. And I'm so sick and terribly shows we're supposed to be sympathetic for gypsies. Have you ever seen all those? Yes. They're always showing us those shows. I have no idea. Because if you've ever been in Europe and seen especially in Rome, they're a bit hassled by the gypsies. They're here. In fact, in Belonia, Belonia, they got it down right. They got it in Toronto. They got a big good semis over the car wash, a squeegee kids, you know? Which they squeegee or windshield, but they want to. They try to get a buck out of it. At least at least it's better in being on the streets and robbing people. Okay. They try to make a couple bucks. So in Belonia, they've got the gypsy squeegee people. Because the gypsies always, it's always a mother and her little girls. Never little boys, little girls. Because they have to reproduce a lot. So the mother's running around doing one windshield. And then a little daughter, ten or twelve years old. She's got her squeegee. She's doing another windshield. Whether they like it or not. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Why have I got a quenella for you? All right. I'm a New Yorker from Manhattan. I love Florida. Well I miss the pastramy sandwiches and the Chinese food in the pizza pie. Right. I root for the Dalton. Yes. And I'm a Jewish guy. Who's that working today and a playing golf except that don't play golf on Wednesdays? Are you eating today? Of course. There you go. Excellent. Yeah. The only thing I want to tell you don't need to. I want to take off on Jewish holidays even though I didn't celebrate them. Only because other people couldn't point to other Jews who wanted to take off and say, well, if he can work, why can't you? Why can't you, yeah? Yeah. But other than that, having a great time, I'm during a whistening program. Okay. I'll see you on that lake of fire. Okay. Okay. It's six minutes till noon at five, 60, WQM. We got the hangtaking that day off and see I understand that hanktakes off the Jewish holidays have been doing that for years because hank is a real Jew. You know what I mean? He really believes those bubble islander if he believes it or not. But he participates in that stuff. He goes to Passover's Sator. He is an active Jew. So at least he's not putting on a phony act. But default shocked the hell out of me because I know guilty. Of course, you know that little twerp guilty didn't show up this morning. Being professional Jew. Who the hell is he kidding, huh? Guilty doesn't show up because he's because his name is Goldstein. Who is that little, all of you know something? I'm sure it improved the quality of the show. I'm going to get those numbers back up there no time. Hey, Gellier, her the next several days are Jewish holidays too, by the way. On the next six months. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach, Chillow. That's me. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. I'm new from down here, but I roll and told me to watch. You know the musician, Roll and you know him in radio? Roll and? Yeah, first that's his last name. Anyway, I just want to, I'm a Jew. I'm going to work. I'm actually a Jew for Jesus. My wife made me a cheese sandwich. I'm going to have that today. It was for Jesus. I just want to say one thing too. I'm enjoying your show. You know, and the whole Clinton thing, I knew something was wrong at the White House. When you gave up the saxophone for the harmonica, you know, then I knew something was wrong. That was the problem. That's what Bill Hummer said anyway. It's interesting. You're rolling to ask me to listen to you. Yeah. Because I'm still learning the channels. I'm getting like right wing things that I didn't even dream of in Manhattan. You know, even a Hitler was what casting wouldn't be anything like that. That's right. Like, Lardas, you know. I can't believe the things that I'm hearing. I'm just trying to learn like maybe just stick with FM and they're hell with everything. Well, keep your passport handy, pal. Yeah, I am. But it's okay. I'm not really just really nice down here, but it's sort of like going back in time. But I like it, but actually, my radio is such a... He QAA. But he fought Latterdale. I don't give a shit anymore. The Saturday noon two at the abortus over by the Gellerian for Latterdale. It's so nice. No one to two Saturday, we got two volumes. They're great. They're sensational. Bring a lot of cash. Wonder if any of our old friends are going to be there on. That'll be there. We have an open line in date 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's the candle. Hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay, sir. That's a rock from Kendall. I thought there's a Jew from New York that loves Miami. It's a pure dolphin fan to the end. I'm working. I had a killer bacon and a breakfast this morning. And I thought it'd be just a good more present. All right, that's going Rob. You have a good day. Daniel, too. Zygazon. And have an easy fast. Oh, he's not fast, and there you go. Oh, she was. I'm telling you, she just sent me right to the board. Have an easy fast. It's not like a sandy painting and drag. Maybe that's who it was. We have an open line. We don't often about that well, Sandy. I know what it is. Open line of date 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile and poor Loderdale, hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. There's no Jews in Florida. Yeah. Okay, great. Okay, we have an open line. How long do you work on that, sir? He's working on a real hunt. It's almost bleak and bite out. Let's go to the Loderdale, hello. Hi, no? Yes, sir. How are you, ma? Who was that dick? Some dick. Oh, my God. Listen, happy circus. Yeah. I'm going to wait back for West Palm for a meeting. I'm happy to support you. And there's no holds of cutters going through a poker on 95, not one. Oh, but it was a picnic coming to work this morning. I never saw anything like it in my life. If I'm a little bit like a real official holiday. Everybody's going to play me by the table. Here Jewish today. I went to play for it. It's no long car. Yeah. Anyway, I had a breakfast meeting, fake on eggs, on a milk shake. And I'm having my choice of a boy and my wife later. Oh, please. Okay. All right. So, what is he talking about? Another one of those brits is he a British Jew? Oh, geez. We have an open line of day one at Broward 560-60, 560-560 on a mobile one line. Here's Bimmany. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, I, you know, a couple of things. I'm transplanted in Jacksonville. 30 years in the restaurant business up there with a little anecdote. All my Jewish customers, I am Jewish. Used to come in for a lot of the Cantonese and tell me to leave the pork out. So, I guess that made it kosher for. Sure. But more importantly, does anybody really know what to help going on with this monochol at Winsky thing? Like I do. I'm 62 years old. And I think I still see the book spurning and maybe some of the flesh in the second world war. These saximonious asses on the religious rights. You know what their really game plan is? It's to take over the country and cram their religious and religious beliefs down off road. No, yes. Yeah, we better get our relations. You better get our offer asses and do something for that. What do you get off her asses? The American public's not going to get off their asses? Well, that's our problem then. Then we can watch, we just can watch and start burning our books again in 20 years and cram and Jesus. I won't be here. I'll be long out of here. Man, I got that pass for our squeeze in it. Well, just real quick. My partner's in Tennessee. Let me tell you what they've done there with the already working. She is ahead of an English department in the small college in Tennessee. Yeah. There's school board kicked out a PhD in education to replace them with a minister of the religious right with a high school education. That's what's going on in this country. Thanks, Neil. I love you, show it. It's a welcome pleasure to make. And Zagazone. Thank you. Okay. We have been on it. That's Bimini. I just flew over Bimini on Sunday with flew right over there. You looked down there's Bimini and then there's the Bahamas. There's, oh yeah. And there's Florida. And you say, oh no, that can't be. Open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Why do you have foot? That's unusual. We have several questions. Mark's next to the lady. That's very rare. Lady and Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Yeah. This is Nancy from Miami. Oh, are you, are you, are you not a beard, are you? Are you speaking to me? Yes. No. Okay. You know, this is a fight. I'm here your show. Right. You'll recommend it to me by a friend. Uh-huh. And you know, I'm just listening to you. And I'm thinking that, um, I wonder why all the, you simplify all the issues. Everyone who calls you kind of seems to be a forecoer in jerk off. And I believe to go into any of the issues. Simplify what issues. This is not sure about issues. Yeah. You have to go into the, you know, about entertainment. Yeah. And for walking people. Right. Okay, man. Great. What, what issues are you concerned about? You're going to solve it. You know, because you throw out a lot of issues like religion, politics, and then it's, you have, make quick comments. Like what? I mean, you complain about the Christian coalition who simplifies everything. And you seem to do it the same way by the opposite way. Yeah, but I got four hours here every day. I can't go if I, it's going to be part of what about just opening the lines and hearing people. What do you want to say? You know, when people talk about things, and they give you an opinion of you, hang up on them. If it's not, if it doesn't make it, if it doesn't make any sense, it's not. I don't think it would, whether I agree or not, if it's not. If you've let them go into it. Well, I had, let's hear, let's hear something. Well, do you have any kids? No, of course not. No, you seem not to because it's, because it's, because it's a real, what is, what is that, what is that happening with what you're talking about? I have a lot to do with it because you just talk about things. I've, like, you just want to get a kid. I've been all you want to do is attack me. You don't want to say anything. You say, why don't I let people say something? And I'm begging you to say something. And you just want to, let me start by talking about the Jewish religion. You know, about the today's day. You know, religion is an important issue to people. So why is it that people need religion? It seems to be a human need, right? No, it's a crotch. It's a crotch for people. It is. Okay. Well, if that's, I don't think it is. And I think that you really could do people out to fix it. Or if you allowed them to talk about it. I do talk about what? Say something. I'm business of the fifth time. Say what? You know, that's not the flight insurance. Because I'm so boring. Okay. Well, let's go find something. It's saying to do. Okay, bitch. You're right, man. She needed 400 question marks. God, almighty. I'm begging her 400 times. Say something. It's fucking bad. Yeah. Tell me. Yeah. My friend recommended to listen to you. Okay. So you don't agree with what I'm saying. So call and make it attack on me. Just like all the other good religious people who are so much better than I am. You're so much better than the rest of us. Heathen, bastard. Because you're religious. You're phony, bitch. Ava Brown, junior. Get back on your banana boat. Okay. I think you keep us missing you. We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, 60. And you know, I'm sitting here. I'm begging people to call. Say whatever to have you want. Make a little bit of sense. I don't care if you agree or disagree. I don't want to bunch of ass suckers. I do this every guy dead day in my life. And I got to beg her 600 times. Say something. Make some sense. And all she does is want to do a personal attack. Which I don't think I'll ever recover from that until payday. Ammonies he fast. Okay. 1214 at 560 WCM. She really picked things up that bitch. Didn't she? Did she? No. Oh, she sure didn't. We have an open line at Broward 560, 16. If you don't like to show, if you want to, if you're so much into religion, go out to show. Go to church. Go say a prayer. Okay. Go find God damn it. You're re-through Franklin and the deon warwick can say a little prayer. Get out of our post. You can hear that crap anywhere in this goddamn country that's overburdened with this hoax pocus with this religious bull crap. You can hear that anywhere. This is the one show in America where you hear a different point of view that makes some goddamn sense where we tell the truth. Oh, wow. You know, people don't like that. Well, two goddamn bad. She's gone here, give me a seminar and how to do the show and what I should say. How about blown it out your ass, honey? How's that sound? Sound good? Go do it. Thank you. Here's Kendall. Hello. Uncle mail. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. That person has no sense of humor whatsoever. She's just a dumb bitch. That's right. Who doesn't have any idea what this is all about? What do I love people say something? I'm asking her four times. Say something. Say whatever you want. She's still got nothing to say. Anyway, you've been more men here hard at work. Yes, sir. And I just wanted to let you know. George did pretty well last week. He was, you know. I'm thinking to put him back on here today. Oh, really? Uh-oh. About ten minutes after I finished my charter. Yeah, he did. You know, seriously, he was very pleasant to listen to and, one more thing. Have you been to the Caribbean, right? I've been to the Caribbean, like where I've been to the Hammers that was in. Grand Cayman? No. Very, very nice. What do you mean, very nice? Very nice. I went there. I've been there now. Both of my vacations for the past few years have been to the Caribbean. I don't want any fags there. I'm not going to the Grand Cayman Islands. I'll go, um, what about an island off-hate. You named Labdee. Right at that? What about it? Very nice. Very nice. Very nice for what? For vacationing, meal? Vacationing and doing what? Just going there and then having a good time. Doing what? But still, we're from Jamaica. Having a good time doing what? Just going there and then water sports, Neil? Water sports, okay. Well, it's in the bag pile. I've agreed to. We brought him out of the closet. This guy's in the water sports. Yeah, he's snorkeling on it. I'll bring a yellow head. He's going down on it. Yeah, he's got the goggles on. We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, six, six. It's like the people of the NFL. Oh, I'm watching this game. I'm having a great time. I don't know. I'm not sure yet. It's like three to nothing, but it's the third core. But I'm having a great grade. And you people, if you want to go to the Caribbean, it's a free country that frees up the planes and, you know, to go someplace else to a real place. Have a good time. But if that's your idea of a good time or power to you. I have no idea why somebody who lives in Florida needs to go to these care of these barbaric ancient Caribbean islands. These backwater places to have a good time. If that's what they're into. If they're into snorkeling, if they're into water sports, if they're in anything to do with the water. What do you got to go to those places for? Here's plantation, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Twenty-three-year-old Jewish college student graduating in communications. Having a big bet. They can choose talent. Oh, hey! Listen, I'm not that late. A fire is going to be crowded, Mr. I was doing a report on pornography for one of my classes. And I came across something that you'd love to think you're cheap and cheap. Yeah. I was talking about a little bit on porn. porn? porn oxygen. Pipshows. Yeah. And just listen to a little snippet, okay? Many books also have a refer to in the porn artist industry as gloryhold. These are a whole sort between the joining books to that patrons can perform anonymous, sexual acts, and one another. You're looking for gloryhold. Have them different books as they fantasize to the videos. Yeah. Dr. Stephen Joseph's former help commissioner of New York noted when he had one of these establishments raided and shut down. The priors, the priors are essentially operating in eights, bringing ground with profit, profit being the driving force. Oh, my God. I thought that you would enjoy that. Hey, man. Listen, I have one other thing to ask you. Yes, sir. I noticed that you mentioned early in the show. I heard he's Julianne in New York. You know, he's personally going out and he's a posenapolog lawyhold. He's got his cement. Yeah. He's kind of a sick bastard. Yeah. He said, notice before you were talking about the panther ticket. I know you're not using them away. Right. But absolutely correct, sir. Okay. Well, I'm going to take a stab in anyway. That's okay. Well, we already got whatever. Oh, you already did. Just to make sure. Okay. Well, we didn't know you were going to be calling. Yeah. My girlfriend is turning 23 tomorrow and I'm planning on proposing. Really? I wanted a real nice place to do it. And I did. You know, the new arena would have been nice. But then how about that? That's for anyone. Anyway, I'll do it. Okay. You ain't yell at your great. I'm like I said, I'm a poor college student. It's worth seeing whatever I get the chance. Good luck. Are you taking care of us? See you. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward in two a day. We were wrong for an hour and forty minutes after we disaster started. Here, the phones were all filled up. They were jamming. And then that bitch called about 15 minutes ago. And she brought the proceedings. Because she's a humorless bitch. And this business of people calling up any show. Not just this show. And telling the host, what he should be talking about. And how do they show? Get your own guy, damn show, honey. If you're such an expert, get your own show or become a consultant, they can probably use you around here. Because if it isn't the dolphins in the jet or the heat and the nicks, that's basically what this radio station is degenerated into. There's no sports talk. It's a bunch of New Yorkers and a bunch of Floridian screaming back and forth at each other. My team's better than yours is. Yanny, and Ann Ann. Like a bunch of two-year-old kids like guilty. Maybe that's why guilty fits in so good on his station. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Nio, hi, Dua. Okay, sir. Hey, 27-year-old Julio, I spent six years of my life in a Catholic school in South America. Very strict Catholic school. I can respond to that disgusting bitch. Yeah. Let me tell you something. I need religion like a needle about him. There's no facts in the church. Religion is a basic human need. A basic human need is to eat, to have sex, to drink. To breathe the air would be a healthy need. I mean, this is the problem with the whole world. The real answer that most people are weakened and brainwashed and she didn't want to hear any of that. Well, by the way, farewell to God's great book. Yes, sir. Thanks. Okay, I'll see you at the late. Okay. Okay, down to two calls on the board, you know what that means? Well, that's before you. We've got that one. You're hoping about today, thank you, I'm out there. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. How five is it? You should be on a mobile one line. Come on, let's hear you. You've got to have a head, let's hear it. Yeah. I can't count. And move it all around. You can't count. I can't count. And move it all around. You can't see me. I've got a needle about him. You can't see me. You can't see me. I'm in the illusion that you're made of my heart. It's got your out for you. I'll put that half a hundred question marks next to him because it's a guaranteed count, Miss. North Miami with 200 questions, Mark. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes. Bad rule, baby. Hey, man. I got a little comment, man. Yeah. That whole deal was a so-so-small. What about that guy that was talking about the game in islands? Paradite, huh? What he said? Hey, man. That's a so-so. He got ripped off, huh? Yeah. I think, now this is just a theory. I'm listening. I think that. I don't know why, but I'm a- I don't know. Laden and colored. Yeah. That those other boys were practically like, slope it in the ball to this, my boy, guys. Yeah. There were tossing them lollipops, yeah. It's an American game, man. They were American, that'll be up there. Yeah. At the point, okay. I'll say in the game in islands, you got it. We have two-offer, two-loud. All the day lines you're open, five, six, seven, five, six, the and palm five, six, the animal, the one line. He must have got that information from the cigar. The punk yesterday they called it information. But how I suck. Must be getting information from a Rob Kaplan, who's writing a book. Here's a four-laternal, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. A big mix from here said you should find. Yeah, yeah. Top big mix to blow it out of fat. Okay. Big mix. Oh, man. I'm telling you, I go away for a few days and it's like these people were in a feeding frenzy. Like, oh, thank God he's going to be back so we can just let loose. Let it loose. Two open lines and date one in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the mobile one line. You think my aunt who lives in that building in Lomero, with her and Helena, with all her money, would take care of Big Mac. So, I've been harassing and harassing the show and my life for the last how many years now. You'll think since my aunt's got so much spare time on her hand, she could at least take the effort to do something about Big Mac. So, but there are a lot of men in Hell and they're this woman who needs serious assistance. You never stop them when they showed up at one day to die. I remember they showed up alleging that I told them to show up for teachers and previous knock-ons of crap, like two, trogulidites. Mm-hmm. Songs would stand low. And they're running a high-flute and condo over there in Hell and the El Niles. Unbelievable. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neo, how are you? Okay, sir. I'm pretty good, listen. I was other day I was pumping to my girl. She's all in Littison and whatnot, but she tells me, why don't you just give it a chance? Come on, where did you turn off the phone with Littison Jesus Christ? Give one a chance. Give one a chance. You're a lady. She tells me give it a chance. Give it a chance. I grew up in the church in about the eights. I thought it realises that the butcher hulked his mumbo jumbo crap. So I picked up the Bible. I didn't give a new testament. I mean, all of a sudden, I'm reading, uh, a little bit on the bitk it. And it's thought detailing how dirty you are when you take a crap. Yeah. And I'm thinking, I'll leave it to like a fabulous, probably wrote this. These are the crap. They're used to thinking out five years old. Right. How dirty you are when you can't touch a few things that crap. And it's thought talking about when the guy has seen it. What is the pole to do when he's femons and what's nothing. Oh, this is such nonsense. Yeah. There's even a line in there about Monica's dress, which I thought was kind of amusing. And I tell them this is you go, oh, you can't understand because you have a devil's mind or a ten-line. Don't I write? I'm barrel like that. I'm a hursu crap, yeah. It was a bit, it was no religious amends. Well, I'm not people who know what to say. Try to give me a little book. I say, nice for me. Thank you. No Jesus for me. I'll write. It's said bitch by the way too. Okay, you're rid of a crap. Two open lines and Zade 1 in Broward, 560, 560, 560 in a mobile one line. 1225, a QA in if you're looking for a. Yeah. Get push. I'm out. Well, he's a fella, has he not seen? Oh, we've got the money from his daddy. Oh, and then I said my little granny. Oh, with an agenda that's grab me. Oh, well he's a fella, has he not seen? Go for that fillet. Oh, and one else is going away. He hiding well just who bright is. He's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She has a golden spoon. He was born with up his eyes. So look out all you Jews. Get ready for the gap. Oh, well, has he not seen? Oh, he'll give our civil rights the way I think. Oh, has he not seen? Oh, well, has he not seen? Oh, well, well, well, well. Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very fashions. Who never praises Jews by the exterior will all be screwed. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. And he's fucked with wind that raise. Against Buddy, but K, why do you think they call it? Gilbert, the Torio anyway. He's a dollar has been I see. Whoa, he'll make the cake and keep happy. Whoa, I need the dollar has been I see. Go over there for a lay. Come on, let's do step. Come on, made off. And the Jewish Journal endorses Jeff Bush for governor. You liberal. Nice going. Nice going. Maybe. It's a 1231 at 560 WQM. We have all our deadlines, our Cuban lines are open 560 5060. What do you want to happen about? Because it's true. Because it's true, but they don't call. You know, the only Cubans we get like that bitch that called before. She's a classic example or the little punky kids that all sound the same. That are all playing grab ass with each other. That's it. I think it's just three of them by the way. Three little packets in high end. No, but that's not the point. The point is that I'm talking about not like recently or generally, I'm talking over the years. All these Cubans who allegedly listen to this program, who have nothing to say about anything, who just hit back their passively with their finger on each other's. Records. And that's it. Trying to finger out their foreskin problems. They've county were waiting on you all. You Julio's out there. Let's go. Somebody over the age of five. Somebody besides them, a hostile, spick woman like that bitch that called a few minutes ago. Give me a lecture. Give it a solid guy damn. Let you're on life. Man, honey, if you're what religions all about El Paso. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hey, yes sir. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Yeah, all these jet fans, you know, they keep talking about. Okay, let's go to a mobile in Boker. Hello. Mobile in Boker. Hey, Neil. Yeah? I'm here. How are you doing? Okay. I'm here's a Jew and Boker. I'm here with you. Listen to me. How are you, my Drew? Good. I'm listening. We're listening. Don't give my mouth. And it's the guard too. Yeah. And if you don't know phone, okay. By the way, speaking of stories, don't we have, uh, yeah, a couple of one. Who's they just, just, no, I'm not talking about San Jose. I'm talking about, so in other words, we're running out of those two. Yeah. I'm talking about the great cigars from next that we even made up. And it's a good show. Two jingles for our friends from Nick. When Monica Luger, she wants a great face. She goes down and gets her that face. And his John penis, he must be taking all the goods home or something. Because we're not getting any goddamn cigars from our friends down there, Nick. There's the, I just had my lunch, which consisted of a nice cup of delicious clam charter from shells since shells is catering for everybody to build. They, and I don't want to go overboard. I don't want to spend eternity on a lake of fire. Just maybe a few months. So I had me in ice cup of clam charter, which is out of this world, by the way. Is that okay, on your own, Kipper? Sure. A little bit of shellfish in here, a few clams. Sure, they're pretty clean. We watched them off first. Uh-huh. But, Van, a nice stoe, he would be so perfect right now and where the cover is Bear again. Here on the Asaveur, I'm Mr. Nick. I'm like almost part of that family down there. And we can't get just one real nice stoe. He would be good right now. And I'm not talking about the, not that I don't like those, but I got spoiled on the good stuff. Just like when you go to Amsterdam, you get spoiled on a good stuff. With that wild lady in Hollywood. Oh. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Great. Hey, I'm a Jew. I had breakfast today in Denny's. I'm a lady in the sauce. Oh, you really wet the extra shit. Yeah, you're a lady. Hey, you're next to McGoyems for there. All right. All right. I give them. And back to you. I'm having easy a meal or two or three. Instead of saying, having easy fast, having easy meal or two or three. What could it, hoi? These old crazy people nailing up those mussels on the door frames. And they're putting the chicken on the head. We haven't had one phone call about that. How come, how come none of you want to respond to that? How come some of you old, the Ilah got there? Don't want to explain to us what that is about putting, how come your friend David? Of course, he can't make a phone call. I'll jump here for a little burn and hell. I'm serious. He is the epitome of the horrible stereotype why there are anti-semites in the world. Those crazy orthodox Jews, man. What he doesn't do it in public? I don't care what he does. Just knowing that he does that stuff is enough to gross me out. Rappin' those leather bands around his arm and plagulating himself and turning black and blue and Jesus Christ Almighty. We're talking about people who are certifiable. We need to be putting to a rubber room somewhere because they represent a danger to everybody else in themselves as well. They walk around doing these crazy stone-age things, all the name of religion and the name of... They'll come. Leave me out of it, please. Boy, that day he came in here. I mean, I thought I was, see, I approached these things with a set of humor. But he was that serious. He comes in and brings me the Bible, the prayer book, the Toast, the Yarmukittle. And then he starts to try to tie my thing up. It was worth the Rob Kaplan to the other day when he came here and tried to tie me up. At least he just used some regular rope. And then he left it behind Joe started smoking it, which I thought was kind of interesting. He all said it wasn't bad. Better than what we got to smoke here, I'll take it at Joe. Here's a mobile in the gable, hello. Mobile in the? Yes sir. I don't know, buddy. I'm cute when I'm calling in for Coke. I ride. Here's a drink. You know something? Yes sir. I have a couple of weeks ago, you're looking for a COVID. Yeah. Well, I was free when I took a leave. I don't know what I'm supposed to say down here. But I was left to take a COVID so you can see. I got a convertible heart top 99 brand new. Yeah. And just to meet you and get it out of the grass. Okay, bring it on down. Luckily, story. Okay, we have an open line. It's not even the first of October like the new Corvette Sir. Yeah. No. He's probably the same guy that's looking for a fish food and publics. But I don't leave him with any silver hair. Open line. Oh, here. This is the most question marks we ever had on a phone line. Here is what is it? A mull. It's a Miami call with 6000 question marks next to it. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm 14 and I'm a blackhead. You're got a blackhead? Yeah. Yeah.<|el|> those B o R A strips. So we're like magic. Okay. Yeah. I'm trying to think religion is a joke. Because my mom, she's a pretty naive woman. Yeah. Am I on that? It's eating on her. Yeah. With a few women. With several, yeah. Yeah. 20 or 30. Maybe. And I have two steps to this. One is eight years old and one is two years old. Mm-hmm. And I just found out. For my family, my other family was new for... It's the beginning. And she's thinking God would change him. Right. There you go. And God in this thing. Like the devil made him do it. Yeah. Right. And he's still crying in church. I'm embarrassed. Whenever I go to church, he's like in tears. And... Is this? That means while that is seen, oh God, that's good. Okay, pal. Congratulations to you. There's young man who wiped up. He knows it's a bunch of crap. Two open lines in date, county 560560, Pond 560 in the mobile one line. We're looking for old Jews with chickens on their head and date county today. Yeah, come on. If you got to check it on, you have calls right now. In fact, maybe we can hear the chair. You're flicking the chicken at the same time. Make it a two for one deal. 560560, Pond 560 on the mobile one line. We want all the crazy religious people called us today. Like that bitch that called before that crazy Cuban bitch. That was talking to trying to give me lessons on life. Lessons and how do they do the show. Lessons on religion. Lessons on what people need. Father, you happen all the way. I'm a Catholic. No. 21 to load one at 560 WQM if you watch me. He's a great H. That's good. So where's Wilka Brian? Kevin's seen him at all. Is he trying to get that all that shoe polish out of his hair? He's in New York. Or he's in New York? Apparently he couldn't buy that black. I'm down here so he went up there looking. Oh my god. Roar has it that the little polka Brian does all these great comedy bits for us. He's starting to use that Ron Pope P. Elahar spray. That's spray on here. Woo! Man, that should butcher him up real good. He's not in New York. He's just hiding. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. Anyhow, how do I? Great. Good. I'm the punch that the road to that. Said he had a tape about lute. What's the chronic from lutes? Yeah. We're going to tape a redneck. Right. What do you think of that? Not bad. That's good. I ain't got much to say. OK. One time lutes are first time caught. I'll see you in lutes. All right. Take a bite. And have a safe easy fast. We have an open line of date 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'll tell you what. We don't get a lot of women callers on their show. But boy, when we get them, do we get them, huh? Do we get them? Oh wow. They are always really something. Just like yesterday, we had that nicely dated they've called in. In the middle of that horrendous whatever was going on here as usual. And maybe feel almost like a redeemed human being, even though I was beginning vilified and accruesified by these Orthodox Jews out there that were Hock at a China with their chicken on the head and their mrs on the door. And but I beat by the boop and he's good. Oh, he's good. All his other all his mumbo jumbo. That's the problem with the world baby too much mumbo jumbo. He didn't even work out too good over there in Africa that mumbo jumbo. Remember that? He was over there doing business with Pat Robertson. Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Hello? Yes, sir. All right. I'm just calling to say that it's amazing how the right way to close the press and the radio stations. This guy bush should be in jail. Everything he's ever had is hand in this. Yeah. And you don't hear a word about that. Hock in his Jewish journal be endorsing bush for a governor with all his add all of that. And the worst part of it, two of his three slimey deal to stealing money from our people, the worst. Yeah. We're predators. You know, we pick on somebody that's 30 or 40 and should know better. Yeah. He's in France and that savings is long. And Daddy pardoned him and his brother. He had a few with involved in a federal funding thing with selling order punts to Nigeria. The Pizpardness say he's told us the money had never got back to the government. And just recently, if you read on like page 21 in the Sun sent and all that story about he was put in jail. He was put in jail of monochering, investment funds to this retirement community. Yeah. And the money was stolen and disappeared. I think Jim Bigley, I think he's a man that Daddy get his salary for it. And now they're going to put him in jail to the state. I'd be like that. Because the idiot's are going to sit home and not go out and vote and make, but the 35% of it, Neon Nazi, the support of them, they'll make sure they get dead butts down. Okay. I'll see it. I'll see you at the fast board office. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Do you want to journal for Bush? I'm going to tell you, that just did it for me. Open up on the lab and it was for you. Here's sunrise, hello. Hi, Uncle, how are you? I'm doing okay. The horrific fall, aren't you? Great. But aies topic really does raise an eyebrow. I'm an American Jewish Commission failed to work. Oh, oh, oh my god. Yeah, so I'm really going to help. Yeah. And part of this young typhoon that has made so difficult for, uh, I get guys in my age or whatever, see, we're tired of the guilt. We're tired of going and being told to its own. When I was into teenager in school, I didn't understand it. Make up a tone at home. I kept paying for what for a lot. Yeah. And they kept talking that we had to be able to confess our sins to feel better to get into vocal life. I kept saying, I like you. I don't understand it. I'm missing this whole thing. And the older folks are popping their heads up and down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's where Monica learned it. I, well, there you go. So, and she has to find out she's Jewish. And hey, well, you know, right. On top of that one. But I wanted to re-sell a very quick story. You'd last night. I got into a verbal discussion with two gentlemen who practiced their Jesus' belief quite distinctly. And I imagine the things that you would say, two guys, and some of the things that we're talking about Bible passages and quoting facts and fiction. Like one of these, the guy we tell me that Abraham, circumcised himself at 8100, and how many different terrific Bible stories were going on. Yeah. Very answer to me was, what are you going to do when rapture occurs? I rapture. Yeah, rapture. That when Jesus calls his believers that they're Jewish going to do. That sounds like a real goeish thing to me. Yeah, well, they're going to disappear from the face of the earth. Yeah. They said to me, what are you going to do? From all everybody. All I could imagine at that point, we've experienced it the guys thing and to him. How do you know I'm not going with you? Right. Well, the answer to that. Don't tell the other stand to help Bob comet is already left. Well, the end of the story was that I just agreed with them. Be immensely enough that believe it or not, they pulled me on must be the devil. Yeah, the L. Antichrist. Yeah, because I want you to recover one of the other. I'm arguing against right. Yeah. And that's the part that they're making so much sense here. This is what gets them very under when you start making a lot of sense. And I'm talking to him about saying to him, how are you going? How do you explain dinosaurs? How do you explain carbon dating? How do you explain fossils? Definitely a liberal comic-pink of plot. Oh, yeah. It's all stuff that was made up with all part of it. And this one guy says to me that they've recently analyzed genetic in women to find out that there's a single common genetic thread to every woman that proves that they all had the same mother. I said maybe it's just proof that there are human beings. They all had the same mother. They all had the same mother, so they're all from them. So they're all sisters. So I do digs up there. It sounds like incest to me. Well, I say you want. I'm out of material. I'm sorry you don't have any coffee tickets because my kid would dearly love them. I'm so sorry. But no idea. It's been an interesting program today because it causes here I am 46 years old and I'm still feeling guilt for going to work on I'm just going to tell you something. If you'd stick a chicken on your head, it's not too late. Do it before sundown. Well, I'm going to take my ham and cheese sandwich and I'll wave it over my head two or three times and I'll do a managed time off for you. Let's go to frost that chicken first. Have a great day, Palabai. And have an easy meal or two or three. An easy movement. We have an open line at Roward 560-60, five 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, that's right. Blue hands. We ought to play that. We're having that one time. We're having me. Nothing much. My for long and outer space would hail on my TV. Blue hands. Under blue sheets. And they got my ears on their feet. Art-filled. I saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my asking advice. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them deaths. Yes. Oh, hey. We're even by life. Going to Syria. Syria. We die. Just do it. It's interesting to speak at a barbell. They had a very, uh, the biggest or somewhere out there. Salt Lake City. Some grow test place on the Amidwest. And evidently, he was on a year. There were no people who were in the city. They were in the city. They were in the city. They were encouraging all these people about claiming that they had pictures of the Hillbop comet. And these other, uh, there was a spaceship book acted with it. And Yati, yati. Evidently, this guy just lets people go on his, this overnight show. And let's go on a year. And all these irresponsible guests and say anything. Here's a lady north Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Neil, I just wanted to tell you. I was few things to say. Yes. I've been listening to you since you were on at night with Bill Colder. Mm-hmm. Many years I've been through every health crisis you've had. Every station change, every diet. Um, number two. I think George did a great job. It was very nice listening to him. He's, I was quite impressed with his knowledge. Number three, I don't know if you saw the episode. I believe it was state line on Sunday about Madeline Murray Hill here. No. The disappearance of her, her daughter and her younger son. Um, they've just disappeared. They have no idea where they are. The older son has now found God. Yeah, I know that. Um, but they were very, um, non-chalant of the police about finding out what happened. Because as they chuckle, they said, well, we're just looking for a white here at old lady, Abius. Yeah. But there's no indication where they are at all. I didn't like that. They left her up there with the hell Bob Comet. I don't know. They left all their valuables and personal stuff in the house. Nothing was missing. And they just all disappeared. I know she disappeared. I don't know the whole family disappeared. Yes, they did the three of them. And there was also a male friend of theirs. We had some involvement somehow with money. And he's also just a tier. Ah, huh. Don't miss it. There you go. Nice going, Madeline. If it's good enough for the religious backters, why can't the A.V. It's for some off. Right. Listen to me. What have we got? You all day? We got to listen to you all day? That's right. And then, Maddie Chalde. That's right. And Bo Camper. And then we got baseball for tonight, pal. If you're too cheap to have the cable, we got Texas and the Rangers. Oh, these people down here. I can't afford the cable. So what do you want us to do? You want us to come to your house with a part cheesy, and entertain you as that what it is? Is that what you like, sir? Uh-huh. God. Old, decaying, decrepit, miserable people who have destroyed this entire state who've turned it into an outdoor funeral parlor. I've said it 22 and a half years ago when I came to this town the first week and I'll say it again. And outdoor, effing, funeral parlor. Got it? Got it. We're even the young people can't have a good time because the old people want to make sure they can't. Got it? 1257 and 5. Another way that's a Garbox. What was that? Empty's a Garbox. I told him to fill it up and bring it back. What up? Puts? I think Hank's right about him. He had me con for a few months, but I'm starting to know where really we wonder about him. What's some of the scam stuff he's putting on here here? He's a scamster. In fact, he was in there. He went and he bent out of get the cigarbox. The scamster dropped his hamster. You know, there's nothing. 104 and 560, WQA. So anyway, we want to pass the word along. You don't have to wait for the word. The outback. If you want to take that, I'm sitting here. I'm thinking of myself. Because I really don't listen that much to the commercials. I'm sitting here like hyperventilating. And I'm thinking of myself. They're talking about fathers day on his outbacks spot and take that to outback for. And we love our friends at the outback. They got great stakes. They got that great walk about soup and it was big onion, blue man onions. A lot of good stuff there. But you don't have to wait until the same patties day or fathers day. Still the outback steak house. Nice going over there again, guys. In our crack traffic department or whoever is responsible for all that stuff. continuity. Whatever department it is, getting lost in traffic. Here's Lynchburg. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Don't remember me. Tony from Lynchburg. Sure. From long ago. Right. How you very depressed, Tony? No, I thought I was in Lynchburg. I probably need to press. What about Lynchburg anymore? Yeah. I'm in Jack. I'll go ahead and say, Lynchburg. Well, I thought you'd be proud of Neil. I graduated from long ago. Yeah. And I'm pretty fired up about it. But I will tell you about it. Right. Oh yeah, we've been on there a long time. A cool thing. I never thought you'd be with Hank Goldberg. Meaning what? Well, you, I guess. We have a move together. It's just that we work on the same station. We haven't set up housekeeping or anything. But I don't understand major. Hey, listen. Nice hearing from you, Tony. Okay. We have an open line in Dave. Follow these people that want to live in the past and go back. How is the bird doing? What happened to Stania? Oh, stand. Let me just do that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on it. It's like what we always told them. Oh, we used to. In fact, we had one just the other day. And they started, it was yesterday. You guys talking about last winter, last winter. Nobody here cares about that. Don't you understand? Nobody remembers him. Nobody. Nobody's. One who will do it. Remember a try to forget? I'm not about more but in depressing. White house point. Hello. I love all those relevant radio. I was out. It's been a doing. Exactly. Yeah. What's wrong with these cable of new stations? Me, Ken Star. I mean, he should take a very man of a go blow himself into a diabetic coma. Then turn the case over to Judge Judy Joukai. Yeah. Okay. Thanks so much. And happy young Kibber to you, too. Suicide. We have an open line in Droward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Whatever happened to what am I looking for here? I was just looking for something in a vanish shot of it. There's so much stuff that's not in here that it's, you could fill up another whole DCS with the stuff that's not in there. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Long time first time. Okay. Listen, when you're late to bring out the pass, and you're just talking about that. But your old station last year used to play a sound bite from the crack. Miami new stations. Wild. Oh, I hate that. No, it was a woman from one of the TV channels here. You said talk about flarly, gracing itself for a big blow job. You know, this would have been a very appropriate way to play that. Yeah. So, like I didn't play that twice yesterday. Oh, I didn't hear you. Gordon gives out flar to a major blow job. That's the one. You know me Jennifer Remduey. Did I do that one? That's who it was. All right, sir. She's remin' it. Great. I was remin' it out the weather casters when I was a waiter in the horkoom. I spoke to Jennifer. Thank you, sweetheart. We knew if there was somebody we could depend on. A voice of sanity and reason out there. It would be a little Jennifer who says important relevant things like, Hey, asshole. There you go. We have an open line of date, 567-0560-0560 on the AT&T line. Jim Manich. Mr. Mad Dog, he'll be here for hank today from 2 to 6 because Jim of course is officially Goish. He's not celebrating him. Kipper hank is. Hank is over there. Hank is fasting today. You think? Come on. Maybe like 667-05809. You think hank is really fasting today? Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. Come on. Do you really think so? No. And then we got Jim Bokeh, who's his joyous day. Come, he's on from 6 to 7. In fact, if you look up the dictionary in the term definitive goi, right next to Rick Ryley's picture, there will be Jim Bokeh, and Kim will be on from 6 to 7.45. And then we got the AKs in the Texas Rangers. And there is the doctor, baby. He's out there and the mom got the good stuff from Tampa. They just brought in a good rocker too. And Dwight's out there to do his job because the Indians got embarrassed yesterday. They got bomb by that big fan asked Moe von and the Red Sox 113. And they're going to give this shot today. And that's starting any minute. Now, keep your breast, baby. I'll keep you right on top of it. And they got the anxious Chris Burman doing a play by playing his game. For ESPN, they got John Miller, who's acceptable except the overracketing, and at the Joe Morgan who's talking too much. But other than that, ESPN is so totally unqualified to be doing his playoff games because they don't have any announces to the games. You know, Chris Burman has become like a he's a parody of himself. You know, like Jay Leno, there are people who become who overdo certain things to a point where they become a parody of themselves. Like Chris Burman. Yeah. 109 at 5.16, double 10 at 5.60, WQM, my car girl from the manager of the Indians has just gotten tossed out three pitches into the game. It comes on because the doc couldn't show the first two their jitter, played on Park Hall's in Mobile. Third pitch is right down the middle. I mean, right down a heart of the right ball three, played my car broke and but I beat, but I bought it. But above any minute of the big news, it's a toss. And the doc wouldn't walk the first man is behind in the second better. And the rest of us may be off and worn again today. We think they're looking. I think it's fixed. We have an open line in Broward 5. 6.7056, 16.60. 16.60 on the 18.00 wireless line. What the hell is that? I'll please tell me that's a foul ball. Yes it is. Okay, let's go to a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hi, now. Yes sir. You talked about bush earlier and I'm not going to pass the judge. But when I lived in Denver back in like 86, 87. Yeah, a copier technician. And I went to Janebee exploration, which is Neil Bush's business or one portion of it. I was working on a copier and I needed some place to fill up my paperwork and I got done. So this secretary says, this is going in the office. There is not in there. I go in there and there's nothing like that. You see it from the office. So I looked in the guy, looked in the garage, and heaps are notes, notes, or sets of notes, sets of Neil. Probably. Such a big hit or I thought a lot. What do you like? I thought a lot. I thought a lot. He's a lot. He's a lot to go and I invited you to the fundraiser. He's asking for, he's asking for, he's asking for like $10,000. $10,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. Yeah. Yeah. For fundraiser things. To be swapped for money that's being held in Espro. I'm thinking, that's the way to do it. You know, matching funds with the government give us. So he's trying to solicit $10,000 from this business only to give it back to him. Just, you know, to swap out. I thought that was kind of, I never went to the news with it. I thought it was kind of news where that thought got to crooked and underhanded. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, we have an open line in Broward. Me and Tom, these are, these are Indians, man. They're prophetic. Sandy, L.M.R. They hit the man at second base stealing. By 15 feet, throws the ball and gets right to the assurek stops. Glove in the centerfield. Safe in second base. The Indians are ready to be had, baby. They're pretty, though. They're weak. Here's a call for Medellana. Hello. Hi, Neil. I do it. Okay, sir. Well, I just, I've listened to this for a half hour show on the internet. It's up in a hit. Honda is down there to say, God, almighty. I'm hearing you people down there. It's like, get a light. Anyway, I just thought it was a pleasure to talk to you. But it means, ponderous today. What do I have in that? I've tried to live down there anymore. You know what I do here now, and like, oh my God, it's a like death. Oh, yeah. It is. Anyway, I was going to know that you talked about Kevin Brown yet, I don't know if he did or not. Well, what does there to say? Do people have no interest in that? The fact that he started to start out 16-mette. What are you taking here today? No, not one call. This morning, all I talk about on a morning show is about the dolphins and the jets and the jet fans and the dolphin fans were wearing each other. There's no interest in baseball here. Right, God. You guys right out 16 and eight in these yesterday, and I'm Trevor Hoffman, another ex-Marlo, the best reliefer to major leagues comes in and nails down the save. That would be what that is. And Jay Powell, by the way, finished the game for a Houston same game, just to add a little icing on the cake. Well, that's just another irony. No, magic, black real quick. I was talking to my brother the other night down there. He told me that the sales of the marlins didn't go through. Well, now on a front page this morning, it says it is done, that they finally agreed on it yesterday, and that maybe tomorrow we're going to hear the official word. But now, I mean, you know, I'll believe it when I see it and writing when I see the contract with the signature on it. But it seems to me now, right here, I gather, it's the guy from Boko looking to buy the team or something. John Henry, yeah. Okay, this could be like a mama pop run team down there. No, this guy is allegedly loaded. Allegedly. Allegedly, yeah. Like, hi, I think, you know, he's all the wonderful things he's going to do. Well, I just, I'm just getting here and joy to brace the cup. Who you pull for and brace the cup, I'm curious. I like the braves, but, you know, I got that soft spot for the cup. It's a little, I don't really care. That'd be good, sir. I think it'd be great. I think he's pitching his name again here and watching he do it. It's unbelievable how good a pitching here is out there. Now, pathetic Cleveland really. He's a separate Cleveland. Couldn't just walk to another guy that got first and third and nobody out. And he's going to be history real soon. He's going to run or no. Not yet, but any second. Have a great day, pal. Good job, dear. No, see ya. Have a great young keeper up there in Atlanta. We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 60, 5, 6, 60 on the 18, T. Wireless Line. I do like that. My card road gets thrown out. I'm the third pitcher of the game, which he was absolutely correct. Pitch is right down the middle. And I know it man, as you can't argue, balls and strikes. But I mean, what are you going to do? Ah, they're going to squeeze your pitcher like that. You got a Chinaman's chance in hell of winning a game. And they've got basically none. And here's that big fat ass-up, noxious, bad attitude, Movan up there, who had two homerons and knocked in several on jazz that even read socks. They got real tourists coming up there in Cleveland. And they don't even know what it means. What does that mean? Anonymous? Here's anonymous, hello? Hello? It doesn't take. Yes sir. Speak to me. Hello? Yes. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I just want to let some people that radio is not always in detention. It's entertainment too, you know? Yeah, these people complaining, oh, they're cursing, they're cursing. But you know, this is adult. This is what don't kill him and he kills this in the year show, you know? That's right. That's the American fucking way. That's right. You know, and all these people who talk to him about, oh, the land with the land was with all the violence. You got people killing each other, kids killing each other. You know? And the way to about what you're saying. Exactly. You know? That's an easy move. We have to hope a lot of the day-dead wanted, Broward, 5, 6, 7, oh, oh, I'm swinging a mess, nice going there. Most strike this march around, okay? That's right to vote for, I just want to strike out the one that big fat ass with the bad attitude. Move on, God, I can't stand him. I hate him. There's not too many athletes that I hate like poised, you know? They're just certain ones you pick and choose your spots. And the ones that just really annoy you that got a real bad ass crappy attitude, and Move on happens to be one of those. First and third, nobody out, two balls of the strike on his big, big imposing fat slob who's like, there's ball three in the dirt. This good thing I'm going to make it out of the first inning, I hate to break the news to you. My car roves gone and good enough to be right on his behind in the clubhouse. Well, speaking of Tampa, here we go. Hello. Chris Baker God. Yeah. Oh, that's it. That was a, there you go. That was a good call from Tampa. Nice going, sir. How many hours did he wait for that? Jesus, Joseph and Jajosephad. There's the IQ in Tampa. You think it's bad down here? We always can look over there on a west coast and kind of snigger. Open line in day five six seven, five sixty three balls in the strike. Come on, Doc, you can do it. Just think about those good times in Tampa when I've got rock. I mean, I could stuff. Jesus, this is so freaking ponders. This first inning is in the last, like, till I'm off here. All right, swing it on a string to here we go. Get the good stuff going one more, baby. Here's Miami Lakes, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, third grade? I don't even know why the hell the playoffs are on. I mean, the Yankees are just going to take the whole damn thing, man. How do you know that? Oh, I can bet my, uh, two of these on. Don't be too sure of that, sir. When it comes to the playoffs, you can forget about all those 114 wins and all the other good stuff. I mean, David Wells was great last night, but they got along with it. Go. I tell you, if the Yankees do not win the world, there's this year, personally by your lunchball whole year. Rock out, love on. That's a boy, Doc. Rock out, love on. Okay. Go back to New York. Get out of here. So tired about at least people have got all the answers. They know why why should they bother playing the games? You're right, pal. When you got all the answers already, right? What's the point? Except the George wants the money. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18th, two wireless line. At a boy, Mo, you big fat ass, Schwool with a bag at a bad attitude. Struck out on a pitch, you couldn't hit with a bed sled, ankles, nice going, Mo. Here's a bokeh, hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. Go back to New York. You don't need that guy calling. Exactly. Oh, that's these Yankee people. They think that's the only team plan. I hope that old park lists it and still too. He's listed that's why I'm given a little play by playing. They try to play the cable. Right, down right about that. And here's that damn nomar Garcia Par, man, and see a pain in the news. He's having a hell of a year in there. On the way to five, forty five, five hours. He'd have tremendous shot yesterday. I heard Hank to have a call on that. I hope we did a better job than that. I was going to go around. I don't think so. That's ball one. And that Joe Brinkman behind the play. What's he doing? Worked in our comp team. Did you see the third pitch that he called a ball at Hargrove got thrown out our king about? I wanted to run up there and grab a bat and hit that one myself. Right down the middle of the plate. You could have hit that one. Exactly. Would they have their fly swatter? I think Joe Brinkman, he's upset because he's after work on the comp team. That's probably it. Tom Davan easy, fast. Okay. See ya. No margarcia parades to it. Oh, we got first and third and he got a good back. Why am I doing this for it? Why am I doing this? Because I feel like it. Okay. Let's go to a, well, at least this is a way to what? Does he what's going on? Here's a mobile and point and be. Chill out. Hello. Yes sir. There you go. Hello. Speak to me sir. Well, alright. I'm going to speak to you. I'm from Charleston, South Carolina. And I come down here. You talking about that lady with all the phone while it goes a bit. Yeah. Well, everybody I met down here two bars of bits. Well, there you go. At least this was consistent anyway. Yeah. Sit down there. I guess. But you know, I don't know if everybody's got to be such an asshole. Because this is South Florida didn't take you long to figure it out. Did it? No. You got it. All right. Okay. Have a good trip back. All right. Thank you. Okay. And happy you. I'm kibber. We have an open line. Ha ha ha ha ha. Open line and brown. Five, six, three and one on a nomar Garcia, pata. Who sounds like a real hulio to me. Yes, me. Come on. Let's go. Doc. The dock with a good rock. That's the problem. Since they took his drugs away, he doesn't never been the same again. Area go. Goodbye, baby. That one is long on. No more does it again. That's off the top of the wall. Just missed by inches. So that's going to score one. And we'll probably have second and third. Oh, the plant to play these out. Safe. Oh, my God. He never touched the plate, Sandy. Tag about this. Joe Brinkman. This game is fixed. This game is fixed. It's two up and red socks. And if he ever touched the plate, it's got to be one of the greatest mysteries in history of the human race. No more Garcia, a period of three run home. Yes, today. Just missed another one now. By inches just under the yellow line. Right off the top of the left field fence at the Jake. Look at that shot. Woo. Three inches below the yellow line. Are they going to show you how they're going to show to play the plate again? If this guy, who the hell was it? If he touched the plate, it's got to be with his thumbnail. Here he comes and he's out of mile. Jesus Christ. This game is fixed. It's not even close. Here comes the tag. There's his hand. He's got him on the shoulder. It's not even close. And Alamard has to argue about it because he don't want to get kid. And look at God. Goodness. God. If they're restraining him. They're having a nervous breakdown here now. And I don't blame him. Go get him, Doc. He was out. The announcers are saying he was out. He wasn't even close. He never got his hand to the plate. He had the shot. He was out. He wasn't even close. He never got his hand to the plate. He had the ball. And the glove on his arm on his shoulder. And then he gets his hand. And he was out by feet. Oh, this is good. First should be in a investigation. And then he's got his hand. It's killing the craft. Man, oh man, I can't believe this. And goodness in the, he gets tossed to. Did he just get the egg out. He got tossed to him. He's tossing his glove. He's pulling at the mop. He's pissed off and fired up. And they're escorting him out of there. I don't say if he's eating everybody else's. And now look at this discussion. I'm going to tell you, Joe break, then you are the anti-Christ. This man, mental health. He couldn't call a picture or play at the plate if he had the guy in gunner was in. Man, oh man, it's shepherds. These Indians are revolting. I wouldn't be surprised if they started getting out of the old piece by been sticking with the record before the sending is over. Man, look at good news. He's spreading him and holding it back. He says, what came you be calling man? Where your glass is being? And see, this is typical. This is the officiating of professional sports. It's been deteriorating and deteriorating as the years go by. And it gets so bad that it makes a mockery. And people are paying big bucks and never stop paying big bucks for the right to put this crab on. And guys like this asshole, Joe breakman, their blind is a bat. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Any ill? Yes sir. Happy young court. And back to you. I mean, I got a fire for less. I'm hanging out with some buddies that I chose driving. And a DB9 that gets us in there. I'm working at a griefiest. Yeah. He's been right there. He's got a, we're like, and a, like, big girls. I'm doing a dance to something. Yeah, they were doing it. They're doing it. They're doing it. And then I couldn't believe it man. I just thought you wanted to know when. Thanks for the good news. Hey man. Great. They're good. Yeah. The Indians are following at the boss. I know we got a few red stock spams out there. I mean, you didn't like job yesterday. I was just a different. They're showing it again. I was a John balancing. He's, he's, he's, he's out by two feet. And Alamar like, look right now. Good news out there. And he's like, you're ready to come in and just tear your job. Workments head off. The plate on par. We should have made your major brawl right there. Red on the spot. It's 1.7 to 5.16. It's the QA. Yeah. We're talking about day down in this. One thing. Rock and roll for school. I heard the reindeer hoops. He's coming down the blue. He's got some gift for you. Santa's on the road. Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season. With the melon-colleysounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history. Yeah. It's just not a throw. All the families are staying. We're the highest kite. And the family of five. It's the lizard king. It is most festive. A gym Morris and Christmas. First kicks. I hate them. Please don't give one to me. Is that all? I know you when they come see you, Tee. A gym Morris and Christmas. It's the city to prove that you'll tie season is still alive. Even if he isn't. 31 at 5.60 WQ. I'm really surprised they didn't have a ride right there at Jacob's field. And Cleveland after the episode to last at 5.10 minutes. Here's a four-lot of deal. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what, you know, when you were working on that WIRD, WIRD, I hate that station. Yeah. Does anybody ever know what happened to Aaron's summer? Yeah, she's working at some sex toys to run in Orlando. Oh, she is. Yes. Get down on your hand and ease and lick my boots. And I just wanted to say Neil about that guy you called earlier that there are kids who listen to your, well, I don't know if I'm a kid. I'm a middle school, but I do listen to your station. I tell everybody a my school listen to your station. So that guy can, uh, you go to hell. You go to hell, you die. Okay. Happy, I'm reporting. You got better equipment than we do. Okay, pal. I'm a great thing. Yes, seriously. I got it out. Thank God. We got a ground ball in the end. Feel, we got two out. Thank the Lord. Wanderer on second and two down is on the take. One of the other were both. We have two open lines in Broward, one in date, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six on the 18th, the wireless line. There's a mobile in Miami, Lake, hello. Hello, my father's from my New York. And I just kind of get to go. I'm going to run up. I got to tell you, I don't know what you got against mobile. I don't like it. He's got a crappy attitude. Anybody that can be a minute. When you ask your question, you said, what do I have against him? He turns down $10 million a year because of stuff, don't stink. It'll feel right there. The red socks will organization. I don't press it. I mean, I was there. I'm going to red socks fan, but I should be the papers and everything. And the guy does nothing but write for that community. And when he does lead barker, which I know he will. No, he will not. Oh, he definitely will. He's not. Don't be surprised if he's in pinched stripes next year. Yeah, okay. Good luck, pal. We have an open line of, you know, these, you know, something I take back what I said before. 90% of New Yorkers are just like that. They're obnoxious, man. There are noxious, imperious, and everything. And this guy's not from Boston. Pin stripes this and Yankees that. And let's just talk about the only one team except the jet's in the nicks and them two in a rangers of course. By the way, the rangers are going to suck this year. Big time. We know the panthers are going to suck. And my leaves are going to suck, but the rangers are going to really suck. With that gigantic paywall of theirs. They're going to suck so much that their guy of Wayne Gretsky's cheeks are going to probably in for the great one. I am so tired of hearing that swirl, man. It's just me while I'm bonnet. Here's a hell of a hello. Hey, you know where it is. Okay, sir. I thought, I'm not a bop to fan. Well, I'm not a Cleveland fan. But I'm sorry, man. I got what's out by, by Dick Watton in light. Even a blind man, even Ray Charles could have called that play. Oh, my God, Neil, that was unbelievable. First he called a pitch right down in the middle of the play ball three on the first batter and then throws out the manager, my card roll. And then he, you know, he's creeps this incendiary situation with a grotesque call. I mean, this is a playoff game. Is this the best that they can do a Major League baseball? I think that one should crow like the other one day. Didn't write in the middle of the game. Just drop right there, man. Just hit the hit. Just hit the floor right there. Yeah, I would not have to do that. Yeah. But anyways, I was a little story for you. You thought that was funny with John McSherry croaked out there on the field? Yeah, it's alright. Anyway, okay. There's little blinds in Dave. Oh, you know who that is? 560560 and compound five. How come it took me so long that time? Compive 60 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile and public uh, a pine, a big report. Too much the elevation. Yes. Uh, don't let your thing the day off because all the good luck doctors are starving themselves today. I'm playing golf in the middle of the time. That's a pretty nice thing. All right. Don't kid yourself. I'll be uh, they're all off anyway. But uh, there's a guy on a tap tree just eats a flamingo and the best way he can serve him protect the Cumber of pine is to hide in the shadows up on the island in the middle of the street. No, that's a flamingo. That's every day. That's an everyday deal. Yep. And the other thing I want to say is that ladies that wish you an easy pack. Yeah. Does he fast things sort of a way to uh, show some respect and sort of a sacrifice thing? Why would you wish it to be? Carlos line Jim Maddog managed for a Hank Goldberg who's out for your own keeper today. Who's out fasting today. Zayn by Believe that. And then we got the book emperor at six to seven forty five. The Yankees and Texas maybe Texas could win a game. I wouldn't shut somebody's back through it's up a little bit. But I doubt it. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in Miami. Hello. I know we'll probably done it. We're talking in the case. How we're talking to Span Major. Yeah. Okay. Great. Two open lines and dating two and a Howard. We're getting down to the drags. I just guess I'll do play by playing a goddamn ball game is what I'll do. Kenny Lothan's up for the Indians leading it off. Well, just do the goddamn ball game because as soon as this started, that was the end of this audience. They're all gone. We got nothing but retards and Stan Major wannabes out there. Nobody cares about Stan Major sir. You know what I'm talking about? Nobody's interested. So get yourself a life. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six eight. One day. This has been. I'm going to tell you. This is like my worst goddamn nightmare today. Spastic. Oh, but it's young. Keep word. Yeah. Big stinking deal. Okay. Cox a hoist with your young. Keep poor. Get on those phones and let's do a goddamn show here and stop like I said yesterday. I'm going to be time you turn around on this town. Here's another excuse. Oh, we're not calling today because fill in the blank. Fill in the blank. If I wanted to talk to a bunch of arrogant dumb New Yorkers all day and start that crap, we could do that for our survey for the next four months all the way through football season. No thank you. I'll pass. Yes. Are you doing? Okay. Yeah. I was trying to about make it coming about the New Yorkers man. I don't think I could. I hate the New Yorkers as much as you do man. There's not. I've never met a New Yorker that doesn't complain more about my Amy than, you know? You know, you got a New Yorker that came out of them. How does the house of the judge or a New Yorker stadium with New York fans? You know what's up with that? Okay. Let's go to a four-letter nail. Hello. Four-letter nail. Going once. Going twice. Probably in New York asshole. Okay. We have two open lines and day one and a broad word. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Miramar. Yes, sir. How are you, Miramar? I'm sorry. People today are so goddamn slow. I don't understand what's going on here today. All right. I'm a local. Jesus. God and Almighty. All right. I'm a long time list of you as grown. I'm a friend of you and they have a burning. I'm seeing it. Very, very highly of you. And well, he should. And it's me. And it's me. Anyway, I, let me get to the point. I think that the Republican Party is one of the greatest publishers in the world. The pornographic picture, pornographic statement. And they think of family values and morality. They have forward traffic. A burning eye has changed and it would be good. Anyway, I'm time ago. Grab. Yeah. Yeah. You, some time ago you were the one to the one. Yeah. Yeah. It's talking about the Tony Bennett and a dead old. On a negative side. And I hold hardly agree with you. Wait a second. You have with the world's death. Tony's been with. Yeah. That's all over the five boroughs. And I thought, probably that amount. That he will be appearing. At thing of old. Thousands of people came there. Yeah. He came out in the day. You're we say with the better term on each. He took the plaque. I walked off the stage of people. It's screaming. I mean, buddy, Merit. Think a few bars of pamphlets. That's coming. Not one word. Think they knew. Okay, listen. Say how to burn in heaven. And have a season that face off when that comes up. Not too far after five is dead. Here's a before four. A lot of day. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? I don't know. I like my doubts. I'm far. I said I'm doing the best I can. Yeah. You please do that. I would like to start by apologizing. Okay. We have two open lines a day five six seven five six the and pound five six the on the 18th year wireless line. Just can't control yourself. Can you hold your own man to have no light? You're not going to have to have your own man to have your own man. And it's not going to get on the air. Now next week, a week from circus ever under the sun. And you're not funny, you're not amusing, you're not entertaining. You're pathetic. Right where you got it. Yeah. Sports radio five sixty Q eight out. You're me on God. My family. My family. I like the core. No no you're only supposed to have one. Is Daddy the for no. He has to wearies. No son. He only has one believe me. Mommy knows. No. He has two. Two. Yeah. A little one he's with. And a great big one. He brushes the babysitter's teeth with. Okay one fifty two at five sixty WQM but sure was nice hearing from Vincent again wasn't it? Oh oh yeah. Very briefly. With the stories about how Larry King still owes a money and about the Hocking is same old Vincent call us when you die. Okay give us a phone call. Before you take your last breath call us just before you're Croaking I'll come and dance on your grave. We'll have a party over there. We'll do a remote. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I do. Okay. Just heard something today. I thought you might enjoy. You know that job bushes taking money from the first campaign from the You know the question of the day is how long after you're president or how soon after you president will start drilling this border. Here's a mobile in Boit and Beach. Hello. Okay nice talking to you. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. All right you do it. Okay. First time calling or welcome back. Yes sir. I want to tell you that George did a fantastic job where you were away. And all those people that call in the city suck. They were just envious that they were not able to sit in your throne. Uh huh. I told I want to say that. Okay. I'm back to you. Okay. We have one open line in Broward all the day men. We have seven minutes. We can put the ball game on if you want. We'll out in the top of the second here for the red stock. They finally get in a couple of people. Well that's five in a row. Give that off. Five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th. Wireless line. There's the lady in 10. Hello. Hello. Well I was born there. Really? Yeah. I'm curious to know. I love. I've only just four time listeners to you. But I don't just one day. I mean I haven't just two days. Right. So I thought I'd call you and you may see that they wouldn't be told me you love to answer them. Bray us to the end of the world. It is. Thank you very much. And have a great day. You too have a happy holiday. I'll see you at the end. Okay. Okay. At the end. Thanks for that. One open line in Broward all day. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th. Wireless line. Here's Cole Springs. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Hey. I'm real like the panther piece in this year. You know. Even though they stuck with. I got tickets and I just can't wait. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a sight man. What are you? What are you psyched about? I'm psyched about the normal. I'm psyched about the normal. I'm certainly not psyched about the team. Yeah. I know. They talk you. Right. You know it's reasonable. Three dollars. I think it's not that bad. So. I'll poke you later. I'll see you tomorrow night. Bye. He's all excited. He's psyched. Like I said. I'm psyched about the normal. And thank God. We didn't get any of those calls. At least one thing today. It was a brutal four hours. Believe me. That's an understatement. But unlike yesterday when we had listen all those assholes with their negative comments. All their complaints and belly aching and crying. Like a bunch of children. Oh. The seats are too small. I can't go to the get out of here. A bunch of negative goddamn losers. They could build a goddamn Taj Mahal next door to your house and invite you when again. Give your free food and free tickets and whatever else was going on in there. And a free get laid for free with a person in your choice. And it's still be belly aching about it. God Almighty. What the hell is anybody know what these people want? No. I sure don't. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. That's talking about Amsterdam that I read like this. Yeah. I heard it's way back in the 1600s or whatever. They put the light in that general area because of the the pirates. He's to come on the ship. And it was in the cities of Mark and Amsterdam and all that. So they put the real light district in that general area to keep them in that bay. Which they had to legal booze and the proposition all that. Is that true? I don't know. You know, they have a book in the hotel. They've got this big book that's got the history of Amsterdam and of the red light district and all of our is parts. I'll have to read up on it. We plan to go there in a future. Are you in there? No, I haven't. I really look forward to checking it out. Really. I really would like to see that. You want to find out what real life is all about this is the place. Yeah, I could be down to all my life is out for a. Oh, I'm out of here. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think what I get today. I'm really getting scared of what the hell's out there. Uh-huh. I was a real quick in. Did you hear on the commercial channel for rent on the Miami Harold? How how they endorsed Brian North Cross is the number one meteorologist from covering her. He's in the asshole. Okay, pal. Thanks for your assistance. Yeah. He's Saturday. Okay. I'll be there. Right. That's right. Don't forget Saturday will be at the gallery at the aborters, which is right next to the gallery. From noon to two in four-laternale with our best of CDs. Which we're going to have to have a big year this year. We got to raise, I'd say, at least 200 grand this year for set of one. Because last year, thanks to Greg Reed being a cheap bastard in the BBS artist. We didn't raise a dime. So we're going to have to have a real big year to make up for this year. And we start this Saturday at the mortars. And of course, our CDs will be available to all the porters all over date and Broward on like a regular basis for the next three months. Here's four-laternale. Hello. Sir. You take lessons from dead Martin? Dead Martin? The old Martin is terminal. He was a boring guy. He was. He was boring. Listen, Neil, today is my birthday. And I'm a boy and I didn't realize you own kipper was on my birthday. Thank you very much. And I know it's kind of late, but if you could play, if I was hithzing out and honor of John Kipper, I'd really appreciate it. Okay. Bye. No chance. Okay. Happy birthday to you, Pal and have a easy fast and easy movement. There you go. That's the god lets you have an easy movement. No tire reenough constipation on your own kipper because he works a mysterious way. And instead of doing the other way around, you know, letting you have an easy movement 360-4 days a year, he lets you have a one day year and the other days of the year you have to strain a lot. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Good to have you back. It sure is. I never had more fun days than he's last two days of my life. Oh, it's still better in Georgia's shell. Oh, come on. I didn't have the hard to call you for you went on vacation. But did you see the back door boys on the MTV award? No, I did not. Well, you won't believe who they thank first because without him none of this would be possible. Well, that's all bull crap. That's just part of the act. No, I asked Kevin and AJ about that when he were here and they said, I had a bunch of crap. Oh, I can't let him go down the floor. I thought that. I thought you'd be hard broke. Believe me, I know the inside story. I mean, I mean, I'm a little bit late. Yes. Oh, I need a little bit of a lot. Okay. I'm even urging. In a Tariano, no less. I'm a little bit too. And of course, Georgia's sitting in there. I already saw they saw like I really care. See that's nothing about you. You don't understand. I don't care about your taste in music. About your taste in food. About your taste in people. That's fine for you. It has no impact on my life whatsoever in any way shape or form. I'm the only one. You're the only adult male who likes them. No, that's not true. Sure. No, it is absolutely not. We've already been through this before. This is like, this is around the heat. Oh, we found several. We have found several. We have found several. What? No straight man who called him with their daughters like them. They like the music. Yeah, they're wrong. Wrong. This is another one of those stupid arguments where you are. Are you with yourself? Like about no straight guys. Whatever you get a job from a fake. Right. See, you already came in on that. Now you're back on it again. You better ask Rob about capital and about that before you make any firm conclusion. Oh, that's right. I said straight guy. I'm sorry. I take that back. Well, I just lost that argument with myself. That part of it anyway. I can just a bad example. Oh, God. Thank God this day is over. It's been one of the great things. Believe me. If anybody knows what your own kippers all about. And then we got bulk camper at 6 and the Yankees and the Texas 745. You a-out.