You a l.e. Friday you fast dude. All right, he's all like good sports stuff and all the gators do it. He's coming over to the door. He's the dotman. That's the important heavy duty stuff. Now, personally, I think just made his confession. Anyway, how's prayer a breakfast? All the religious leaders there? I mean, so emotional, even an old heart-ass like me was practically in tears. Ready for that? Maybe it wasn't tears. I mean, for other reasons because I work here. Thank you. That's why I was almost in tears. Oh, my God. I don't work for one post of outfit. I work for two post of outfits. I don't even like that. How many of the rest of you out there? This audience can say that, huh? Not too many. I don't work for one bunch of incompetence. I work for two bunches of incompetence. Oh, man. But, too bad we couldn't have carried that. You know, it's interesting to show you this monoclonal wensky. See, there's the chicken in the wood pile right there. Let's trip monoclonal wensky that Gilbert bich up there near this whole group of lunatics. Missed this. Missed Creeance. While the president was doing his confection this morning, and a follower of the guys in the everybody who's ever been in some old havens, and talking about his broken, strong heart. And how he will advise his attorneys to you out the youngest legal defense, but not use any legal leads to line with to try to excuse his sins. The stock market went to Dowlpendown, dropping like a rock again. It was down 88 points when he started speaking in some of our 35 right now. Which doesn't really prove that it's going to be an update, but it does show you the impact, okay? On the heels of Japan going to the crapper, Russia, like being basically out of business, Latin America, billions pouring out of Brazil and Latin America. The dollar, we're going to the crapper. The whole world, on the verge of like a recessive, not worries. And this is like the frosting on the okay. Thanks a lot, Monica. You bitch. Monica, go in ski. That's a fucking bitch. Here you go. Just absolutely unbelievable. Oh, wait a minute, there we put this must be replayed. Potted up and let's see if we get some of this stuff. This is unbelievable. Rock bottom, true, so where I am and where we all are. Yeah. And why didn't you do this on August 17th? I agree with both of us who have said that in my first statement after I tested by that was not in try to know. I don't think there is a fancy way to say that I have sin. It is important to me that everybody who has been hurt, know that the sorrow I feel is genuine. First and most important in my family. Also my friends, my staff, my cabinet, Monica Lewinsky and her family. Any American people. I have asked all for their forgiveness. And the president of the world, I just need to build a, what's it then? What is his name, Homer? And it markets up 71 points. It's why every time they put him on again, it goes up at other 20 points. The problem is going to be a two o'clock when all you, many ex-out there are going to be on the internet. And I'm not going to give out those websites. Okay, because you're not going to get on the right way. So they're all over the world. Keep in mind that all the salacious craft is going to be on the internet. Not just here in this country, but all over the world. People are going to be hopping on that thing. But I mean, federal and it's going to be 445 pages of free. Is there anything in there about white water? No. We're in a little bit of a file, either travel gate? No. I'm going to go to the capital and lying and cover it up. No. Well, that's your novelism. You know, last night, you see, I've put you for months. Now that we're dealing with a bunch of sanctimonious asshole, both in the Congress and also in the media, bunch of phonies and liars and hypocrites. And Larry King, leave it to Larry to always, you know, put the worst crap on there. Every time, never fails us. He's got the sanctimonious old fossil Robert Bird, senator from West Virginia, who made a disgusting speech in the Senate the other day. A self-righteous bunch of crap. And if you could have heard, maybe some of you did, actually, see this. So you're probably busy on your hands and he's not praying now that you can. About the last 50 years of us, he declined in morality in the language, in the movies and television. The same old stuff, Robert Bird, Democrat for much Virginia. You think that he was one of the damn right wing of religious nut cases? And it just amazed the astonishes me. What are you looking at? See it in, look at what you got on his head. Who? Whoever that is. Representative of traffic can't remember where a San Francisco traffic can't be heard. He doesn't have anything out his head. He's got a bump to forget about him. What that was I just talking about. What the hell was I just talking about? I was like, on our wall there, I'm in the middle of something. And what the hell are we like here about what he's got. He's got a bump on it. Oh, I'm glad you're making that. Thank you. Jesus Christ of the Presidents praying with all those religious keys. You know, the best part of that prayer breakfast. It didn't happen the first few minutes, but there were several black needles to say, because everybody was a black guy's a minister. So there were several black religious leaders including the Uncle Jesse, all Robert Bird, I'll get back to him. But at any rate, so as the president was reading a prayer because somebody down here in Florida when he was here today for a buddy, okay? He said, some of Jewish guys, some Jew gave him a passage from a young kipper liturgy, which he was coming up very soon by the way. So he read from that. So as he was reading from the liturgy, and doing this prayer thing, a lot of the black guys and the audience, people start doing it. Like they do it. What do you call that? Besides embarrassing. Oh, yeah. Calling back. Calling back. But on the right arm bro, I ride. Yeah, they were doing a ride. Which I thought was kind of embarrassing, but yeah, they were doing it. And they look his prayer. Come, I thought maybe it was like one of those football. Do you think they do that as football prayer breakfast? I ride. Yeah, I made it here with no. We're going to have to mark it up 110 points now. Because the president finally came clean. Squirts court. And like I said, and they're saying the same thing. If he wasn't done this back on August 17th, when he came on TV that night, but of course he's got a lot of bad advice. From way back at a beginning instead of making that Paula Jones thing go away, which would have been the smart thing to do. Oh, no, we're not going to do that. We've been ahead of it, but we could have been spirit. The whole world could have been spiritless embarrassment. And it's too ocloth to saffin and there is going to be a bunch of salacious crap on there. This is one of the most incredible embarrassing road test which hunts in the history of the human race. Not just in this country, but in his long sad, arduous history of mankind. From the day that this man was sworn in as per... And before that, of course, long before that, with the Jennifer Flowers star, before it got to nomination, factory democratic primaries in 91. They have been anxious to whip his ass out of it. They've tried to expend 15 to 60 million dollars now on his sow witch hunt. Have they found any criminal activity on anything other than connected with sexual activity? No, no. And go back to this Robert Bird asshole on this crap. How come Larry King was sitting there supposed to be a... He's not just an asslicker. He's the anti-missed asslicker. Always nice. How come Robert Bird makes this a ranger's comment about things that have happened in the news? I don't think there was any TV when FDR was screwing around there in a white house. Was there any TV when George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were screwing around though? No. Were there any movies then? No. I mean, what are we talking about? Let's always blame somebody else's defective that people's sex lives tend to be sort of. Not everybody, but most. People screw around. Oh my God, you can't well it happens to be true. And what the hell that has to do with Italy? You know what they were saying about this yesterday and Italy? They ought to be giving him a word that throughout the end of the year of him. They're over there that would like canonize him because he's getting a good stuff on the side, what those wrong with that. I mean, he may have that taste and his selection of women, including good old monocleps who keeps a seamen's saying dress. I mean, I mean, I didn't throw anything away. I do nothing away. It's all piled up. I see. Only a flower is going to go. This is my life. I have to find a way to do it. Listen there. Prick. Brimes with. You have to warn for this bitch for this wild witch hunt. We wouldn't have, we could have been spared all of this. And we could be addressing the other problems that are causing the world economy to go out hell on a hand basket. Since there are more important goddamn things to be warned about, the weather the Yankees are going to go 116 games, stuff like that, and whether they hurt Cones are going to be another girl school. I know that comes to the shock on his station, but it happens to be true. That was up 112 points. How do you like that? Went from down 80, 80, 40, and am I suggesting there's a correlation there? You bet. Because this whole thing with the everybody is having a nervous breakdown of the economic situation in the world. The psyche of investors is so fragile at this point that this fight is somebody's heart. And it smells the wrong flavor right away the market goes down 400 more points. So we can thank and even apologize to her and her family, which I thought was totally unnecessary. So she ought to be out there. She's here that it's a prayer breakfast, reading the young kipper liturgies. She should have been begging for forgiveness because she's the slot that is psychotic insane. That is ready to bring down the whole goddamn government because the building, you know, leave Hillary and run off with monocator to summarize or Sunceter someplace. She's off her rocker. She's crazy that a bed bug. We ought to shadow over doubt that this is nothing but a political witch on number one. And not releasing any of the other desperately screaming and begging for them to release the 145 pages to the White House before it's too apropi for the rest of the world gets it. Oh, yeah, you guys can get it on the internet. Like everybody else. So there's no politics involved in this at all. Is that, of course not. Had a laugh on watching Henry hard in the beginning of this committee. They had last night the House committee. Henry, hiding John Coniors. And Henry, how it sits down there. Oh, and well, you know, we have to transcend politics. And this is too important for that we get a politics and a partisan ship and repeat. But it was, and I'm sitting there just peeing in my pants laughing. Like who the hell are we kidding? Like that isn't what this is all about. That's exactly what this is all about. And if Kenneth Starward and absolute madman, now we're spreading is going to have indictments against Betty Curry and against the secret service. And again, this one and that one and everybody that, El President de Abrers, folks who, because they're all part of this big conspiracy for a cover-up. To cover up why? Oh, and well, the president lied was advised. There's not a lot of people in the White House. What do you want to think of President Clinton? If you were, let's say, somebody out there. Anybody who, like, is the Boston company. You've got a secretary. What was he supposed to say? Oh, you know, that Monica gave the best head I've had in a long time. He's going to say that to Betty Curry. Is that the deal? I mean, we're talking here about a sexual escapades of sexual escapades. By a man who already, we know was a womanizer before he was elected the first time. Before he was elected the second time. And for a month now, people have been saying, Enough of this crap. We want out of this. We don't care. We can't stand it. And yet Kenneth Star and a people who have prompted me to that position are now on a version of about three and a half hours of releasing the most humiliating. Possibly a possible crap that you could possibly imagine. And if it weren't politically motivated, why the hell would we need to know what anybody need to know the details, the things she's masturbating with a cigar and they're doing it in the limo. And he touched her and she touched him and it did constitute by the beat for the book for a while. Why is all that necessary? Unless, of course, there's an attempt to absolutely totally humiliate and embarrass and make it impossible for Bill Clinton to continue to be the person. That's what this is all about. Is there anybody in this audience? Anybody? Who'd like to have a 445 paid report put on the internet to a clock this afternoon, detaining all of their sexual escapade of the last couple of years, or maybe the last 10 years or last 20 years? Is there anybody out there? Do I see any hand raised? No. Don't see any line forming at the door. What the hell does this have to do with governing a country? What does this have to do with anything that this man was elected for? Is that anybody's business? Was Roosevelt a womanizer? Was Kennedy an Eisenhower? And Nixon had a mistress and every other guy named Mom Korn by all the way back to George Washington, but it wasn't easy. We reached a point in this country where the media are so insane. There are the ones without the media, can it start could never have gone anywhere. Without this seven-month feeding frenzy that's gone on, now it's almost nine months now. What a pregnant idea. Or they have banged on this and banged on this and knew people out there said, We don't want to hear about this, we can't stand it. It reminds me of this place. There are real problems going on out there, and you're dealing with craft. It reminds me of a QAM. There are real problems you need to be dealing with, and you're dealing with Kaka. You're going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of free hanky job. Man of what it said always, for give you we understand we love it. Because of course this is the way that the Graham think anyway right? We love the sinner when he confesses his sin. There's nothing greater. Just like Jimmy Swagbert. Remember that craft? That good old religious Jimmy Swagbert have a great another sanctimonious set of a crit. And he came back, I have nothing and he's crying and yelling because there's no money coming and that's what that was all about. But boy they sure love after they sent their sin. And so that's what the president was reduced to this morning, having to dehumanize and humiliate himself, and apologize to people to whom he owes all apology. Didn't know how to apology to Monica Lewinsky. She went there with her knee pad. She went there pull off her friends. And I forgot to get to the amp thing out there. You got piled up with all kinds of crap on. Told him every kind of she was doing everything that her power to forward with the president is a notorious womanizer. He liked going out there playing golf with Vernon Jordan, talking about the f***ing all the time. Like most guys do. I mean, wake up and grow off America. OK, I hate to break the news, dear. This is what people do, and this is what people talk about. Is there sexual exploit? Only usually we're not dealing with insane crazy bitches like Monica Lewinsky and Linda Cripp, who have no concern about the magnitude of the implications of their actions or their words. You couldn't give a crap less. The scorned woman, that's the one to look out for, baby. The scorned bitch. That's the one you better watch out for. It's f***ing bitch. Because she's ready to bring your household down. In this case, the whole goddamn government comes humbling down and put us through all of this expense, all of this emotional crap. And that's exactly what it is. We've gone through nine solid months in this country of nothing but every time you turn on your TV, you can't escape it no matter where you're turned. And I've tried to avoid we talked very little about it. Thank God. Because there's nothing I'm using. And oh yeah, there'll be people laughing and torturing when the stuff comes out at two o'clock today when they get on the internet. They start hopping through if they ever get through on that thing. They start sifting through the 445pages and get to those juicy. It's like people that used to be Lady Chatterl who's lover and they skip around till they got to the good part. I mean, who'd I want to read the whole damn thing? It's two times the zooming. Let's get to the good part, the juicy stuff. And they'll be torturing and puking and juffying. Oh my God, this is hysterical and great stuff. And let me say it again. I wonder, because I know from personal experience believe me all these people of all the years that I've been on here like way back when I came out of the closet December 76. Oh yeah, Faggot, this and that pervert, yeah. And what's the bulletin? What's the new story? See, pervert is a relative thing. It's a relative thing. And I guarantee I'm a hell of a lot less pervert than most of you are. I'll be giving the opportunity. Well, want to thank the Monius Phony hypocrites because America has refused and continues to refuse to grow effing up. Here's this wolf blitz Creek. There's these media people out of control and a feeding frenzy. There was Sam Dhamm. I'm going to tell you, I will never as long as I live. As long as I live, I will never watch another piece on ABC News of under penalty of death. Their credibility is worth an R news department. We don't even have one. They have no credibility. Here was Sam Dhammelsen yesterday when the president came out to announce that the Northwest Airlines strike was over. It's just foaming at them out in a feeding frenzy. Oh, but I air every opportunity. Because there are a bunch of people in the media who are salivating, it says, who are lovin' the president down. Absolutely unbelievable. This is what happens when you refuse to grow up. When you're so uptight about sex and a human body, and things that people look, and that's like everybody is said. Like anybody with a brain is said, that's between him and a willary. Chuck Wormer, that's between them. Somebody's goddamn business, which is what he said back on the 17th, but if he would have made this speech that he made this morning back then, we could be talking now about the important thing, like Sean Burke's thing. Okay, and the panthers are going to suck this. You're speaking to be talking about important stuff like that. Speaking of praying, I said, here yesterday, I said, please, please don't sign Sean Burke for the panthers. Guys, he blows, he's another city, he's like a mirror image of the other geese that we got. Kirkman playing Captain Jürt. So what are they in today? Oh, they're working on any minute. We're going to be hearing their signing Sean Burke. You're going to have two steps in that this year. But boy, you're should've been a little bit of a new arena. We could be talking about stuff like that. But our entire lives are overwhelmed, are shrouded now with its first crack. Like the shroud of touchdown Jesus, who's hanging over our heads. Oh, it's big another TV show, by the way. I mean, I got so much stuff that I wanted to talk about here today. But of course, we got this kind of starcraft getting in my way. I want to do about a two hour attack on Rob Kaplan here today and deservedly so who's put you ring that TV show. You know why we can't get in. And maybe people say, why you're just covered up for the fact that it's just a concept that'll never work. Maybe that's true. I've enjoyed some of those shows on there to be honest, but it may time if it's the edited writing that I've done, and it would've been a bit of work, or a bit of a thought to what, no, we got a four-hour show here every day. Each one of those half hours, first of all, splitting it up into half hours in the attic to begin with. I mean, it's like a death wish, putting a stupid sports shoulder in between, but that stupid guy bouncing around on the couch, missed your happy face. But to take and put this stuff, if somebody should be impeached, it would be Rob Kaplan. Because I watched last night from a quarter to ten to ten o'clock with this man put on the year. You know, we get, I don't have to tell you the phones lately are slow. You hear that I always show this town goes in cycles. It's always been that way. Always will be that way. Don't ask me why. So I'll sit here. I'll milk some of these guy's letters. I'm going for a lot longer than usual, because I got a four-hour show to kill every day. Which ain't easy as you may think. But to take, like the guy, I hate to pick that guy up because he was talking about stuff that I was talking about. So he was trying to be responsible about us. Where he had been there and about Vancouver and the whole cell of this. And I'm sitting here now. You can see I'm almost going into a coma. And I'm going, I'm pumping on my stovies. And they put this on whammy last night. If I were to have a shotgun, I would have shot the in the screen on my goddamn Sony XPR. That's how foaming it. The mouth, that's how pissed off I was, Rob Kaplan. We got all these great stuff that Booker Brian and said, like, comedy that we're called, is great humorous stuff. People want a good laugh, though. And we got all these deep presence. Here we go, investigate in the president, the star report. Monica Stickenhurst and Garraper, or whatever she's doing with it. Correct, go exactly. People want a little chuckle here and there. And what do they put on there, me, sitting there like, I mean, if I'm bored, did that listen to this guy groaning on for three minutes or whatever, what's which seemed like an hour? Don't worry, how would you put on the goddamn TV show? You put, you little faker, he didn't go to Brandeis. He went to FU, and that's where he went. You little piece of chuselanimous pus. Yeah, after we get done with this Monica stuff, your next sweetheart, just keep it in mind. Just absolutely putchering, making me look like a jackass, like a bigger fool and I already am. Thank you so much, Rob. You idiot you. But hey, that's, you know, he didn't have to worry. He's on staff. You don't have to worry about the job. 1027, it's fine. Point it is here you could fry eggs on this succance. So I might just do it, pardon. 1027 on 2 AM, or 60, 2 AM. It's Friday, you fresh, dude. Here we go with all this debate going on. It's the present, our answer is, attorney's going to get five minutes to see this before it's on the internet. No, like five seconds. No, I think I'm going to be any fairness here any opportunity, like we supported everybody else, including a new gangward, you're Reagan and everybody. No, of course not. Is this political? Yeah, you bet. By the way, between noon and one, and then again between one and two, once each hour will be given away a purticket for the dolphins and bills today. For those of you who couldn't care less about the rest of this. And by the way, what are we talking about? Far Harvey Jr. started looking a little bit better now. Okay, even though he was full of crap. Well, he's usually, at least one thing you can say about him is consistent. He's usually full of crap. But right there on the front page of your son, Sentinel, so it must be accurate. Henry, Marlon's deal is done. Book of business man says you'll take control for my finger in October. There you go. Sagan by the way, and I'm Marlon from there. Go because John Henry did all John Henry. He was a yellow-y. I heard working, what was that thing? He was a steel driving. I feel driving. He was a piled driving, money had piles of what they said. Yeah, piles and what can you do? Oh, this blanks by the way, is there somebody chronic? This works like Andy, one of the Hollywood. One of those chronologies. I'm not even a reader. I just get the willys when I see chronic facts right in there. So John Henry is by on the Marlon's, which we told you first on his show, even though it was a little bit of a premature score. It's a valuation but nevertheless, it's a done deal. You don't think that Broussey would stay around here if a Wayne or Smiley was going to have their fine thing run as deal. No, take a take cut. No, I don't think so. So there you go with that. We got Marlon's and I mean, Dolphins and I hate either way how about those Marlon? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, there could be 115 games this year. With a little bit of luck, they could have 110, he's the anyway. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, good morning, Mr. Rogers. Yes, ma'am. Do you know what a pleasure you are? Yes. Okay. Well, I discovered you some whammy. I don't know I hated it and kicked them scrams in the beginning. But seeing and hearing you was like, what? It's like listening tonight. No, no. What a breath of fresh air, right? I mean, even though you're not a tall blonde, you sound, I think, I hang on every word you say. I quote you at work. I'm always desired to be hung out. I'm afraid you are. Oh, I'm not. I could be your little mama. I could have talked about it. I could have talked about it. I could have been stoggy though. I've got any in men's cell. I do. I think that I have a good time, yeah. I have to tell you, you are the bomb. I'm in Florida, 22 years. Yeah. Don't ask. I'm the only white, you as your girl, working in the store and North Miami Beach. Oh, I'm very sad. Wow. I don't even, I can't tell you now. How about a belt, yeah, I know. But you, you should have a fan club. You are perfect. Yeah. I do have a website. The only problem is Adam Kirstie was taking an over and it just is on chair room. I know what time I even look at anymore. But I do have a group of all facts in Japan. I don't have a computer. I hate sports. I don't, but you are, it's. Well, God bless you. You are. And I don't want sports tickets. I don't want reggae tickets. I just waited online. I'm late for work. But you are wonderful. Well, thank you so much. And happy she was. Have a great day. Yeah, I'm right. I'm done. OK, that happy so good. Right. OK. Hey, listen, you can't leave them all out there. And important. I mean, if I wasn't up there, it was reading from the young who was in the morning. What did I get for what was it? Literature this morning. What'd I be? What's your message to see, Greg? We can read. OK, it's 11. 32 at 5. 6. WQM. We have an open line in Dave one in Howard. 5. 6. 7. 5. And men's. It's not an honor of Monica for the weekend. More of these things are. You know, I bet these are perfect for, huh? Real good fit. I was going to say it's tight. But I guess at this point, it's too late for that. How about light and uprising in men's show from next to over the weekend? That's also Luke Monica. What are we going here? They mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, E.L. Yes, sir. How are you? OK. Any old someone told me that it's far. Plan for governor along with 20 of that street? You ran up a government office and I know why don't think so. Who's a judge? They got through. No. OK. Anyway, the way I see the old, don't you think the whole thing is in the fraction? I mean, that's the thing. That's part of what the either your psyche, if you're already saw this on CNN, when they were reading the report from the president's attorneys, that's part of what they're saying. They laid out to think about how the deposition in the Paul Jones case was a total entrapment because that was at the time that they were a little trip to a wire-tap Monica and the whole thing. So that's one of the charges that the making was in legal entrapment to a lure him into a, you know, this fan. You know, I think the American author, even I, who is going to be a next president that is going to be a little bit more of a guy who's going to be able to get out of office anyway. Yeah. I'm saying two years. Hey, little before I go, I've had a bad week, Neil. Yeah. Did you want to leave those ticket yet? OK, let's go to some lines, hello. Some lines. Is that incredible? Yeah, but I mean, are these people listening? I mean, they're on the phone. I mean, they're listening to the guy. And they, oh, just really trying to, anyway, I want to thank you for the video I can't even, uh, just just for that. I want you to go, I think you said a lot of people that, you know, they get busy and they don't, uh, they think. And listen, they, they, because the same day is over, they're calling in the mother of the hell they are. And the same day that we gave it away, like, how come the mailman ain't here with you yet? And the other day. It's not just a Friday, I guess, like, all of a sudden, they can't hang it at that back. Yeah, all of a sudden. You want things you're not telling. Yeah, I've been going to get it. And, um, you know, about, you know, uh, the electricity thing I think, you know, you said it to everybody, but I think it's all that you have to feel free to just... It's like, it's all that you just, you know, so you can look at what people says that's in the end. So hey, you know, people says that it's through this. Well, you just just like, how did you, with the digital, you know, was an essential, been born, uh, and uh, and, uh, and, uh, he had an misfortune. He getting, uh, involved in a getting, uh, involved with a big like this. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Let's go to a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. This is Bobby Hayman, how are you? Okay. Remember me? Bobby Hayman from the singles day. Yes. Hi. I've been lying for all the time. You're fine. You're fine. I said, oh, hey. Why? Anyway, first of all, I want to say I've been watching you on phone which is fine. But it was so funny. One of you looking at this fact. He's one of my good friends said, you know, uh, you're telling me how great you are, so that you can know where the Yamaha didn't even know that you said how to know. Uh-huh. I mean, I'm following you because you're the Yamaha. I think, uh, what's your different? What is it? You're the first person that I've never said anything. But they said about this monica. You know, I have an answer to the analogy and I want to tell you. Can I first encourage about this girl and about the background? I had it all figured out. Yeah. I think a mother. You know, one of them had a good fun. I mean, the mother keeps that stress and the cause. It's a good thing. That is one of the biggest things that I have ever heard. Some of the media, these twisted people on the media don't seem to have any problem with that. They, they, they, they're nobody's questioning why anybody would do that. Well, I'm scared to God. The reason I called it is what the idea of something fun and I'm fine. I try to go up to see my mother. So I didn't around in the round. But one of the call these because I, I, I feel so powerless about what's going on. You know, you feel like you want to do something. Have people say something. Yeah. It's like this far. And the way, you know, I don't know if I even have an answer to that. I wrote it on the panel to a couple of programs. Nobody has an answer to that. But we've had that for two years. My own. Oh, yeah. It's cool. Is that what it is? Yeah. But they think that's an question. Like a logical expression for people who are ready to either kill you. Yeah. Or slice off it today. Yeah. I've always wanted that every time you see him, he's coming out of some drives somewhere, parking wife. He's got that stupid copy from his own. He's got that. When you think that if somebody was really impartial and doing this investigation, as he was from out with a very solemn look on their face, like he looks like he's just coming right back. He's reveling it. He's growing from it. I got a one, Bob. He's good here from him. Okay. Bye, Bob. Okay. We got Hank Goldberg from Daniel here from my, from primary doctor. Okay. Same difference. From primary doctor. I come up next. And then we got, what do we got at six? We got probably Donnie V talking baseball. We got somebody talking baseball at six. Somebody who doesn't work with me. Come out of money. And then we got the pre-game at six. 30. The Marlin's vote for last number 100. It's the Bravest tonight. And we got the dolphins out of radio, but also on TV, Janet. On Sunday. So it's two o'clock. Go. Bye, Bob.