That's how you do it, Neil. Okay.
I want to discuss her.
Now, let's stick with the subject, not the phone.
Okay, good deal.
I wanted to tell you that I agree with you
and the millions of people that I don't agree with you
but I agree with you more
in what you said tonight about the way the media treated it.
And I actually called to discuss another point.
And that is something that the Mr. Jack,
the guy who went to Planetary.
Jack, for a moment.
Thank you.
Something that he said, which I think should be looked at in the air.
He compared to a plane accident
and the risk of going up the show
to the risk of a plane accident,
which is fine, or said.
But it's ignoring the fact that the shuttle
is publicly funded, whereas an airliner
is a private enterprise
that people pay to go on.
We're paying an incredible,
I don't know the actual figures.
But does the taxior,
you use the taxior,
you use the taxior,
everyone else is listening.
Does the taxior is funding itself?
When I let our store premiums are to boom, doggo.
Let me give you a figure, the shuttle itself,
just the shuttle by itself that we lost.
It cost 1.1 billion dollars.
Okay, there you go.
Now, I want to clarify one thing
and that's that I'm not at all anti-space exploration
in fact, I'm strongly in favor of it.
But I'm in favor of it from a different,
with a different emphasis,
the current space program,
particularly the,
I don't feel the same way so much about Apollo,
I think going to the moon,
I can almost even as a favor to Jack Kennedy,
carrying it out, I think it's all right.
But this space shuttle business
of carrying out endless repetitions
of orbits of the earth,
you know, all year long,
with men at an incredibly high price
is simply not justified.
And I'm not an expert on the subject,
but I did hear one gentleman earlier,
who apparently is,
and there was actually a worthwhile piece of news earlier,
believe it or not.
They had an interview with a guy named Dr.
Dr. Edward Gold from Syracuse.
Right.
even though some sort of commission,
some sort of government commission,
he was from the beginning advising Congress
on whether or not to go with the space shuttle
from the first place.
He's one.
An artificial degree of sense of national emergency
and grief and panic and whatever else.
Heaven forbid we should ever have a nuclear war.
I can just see it now,
and there will be Tom Broca or Dan Ratherer,
or somebody sitting on the screen announcing to us
that radar shows beyond a shadow of a doubt
that nuclear weapons have left the Soviet Union,
and we have launched nuclear weapons that are on the way
to the Soviet Union,
and we'll be right back with a further word on it
after this word from General Electric.
29 minutes after 10 at Windsor,
let's go to Hollywood, hello.
Good afternoon, good morning, or whatever deal.
I agree with you.
It's ridiculous.
I can remember I am from Minnesota,
and there's a big crash with lots of Las Vegas,
the people are coming back from Las Vegas
after the gambling.
Right, I mean, again, it was a family response
which journalism, local radio station,
sent a,
a,
you know, reporter out there to interview the families
and how they felt.
I mean, come on,
you can see how they felt, of course.
You know, and I can remember that mad man
who blew off everybody's head in McDonald's
and they asked an employee,
how do you feel about this?
And she said some more than he didn't use on the radio.
Yeah.
Of course, what are you gonna do?
I mean, I cannot,
like you say, I cannot believe that we are turning
that in between with that TV.
It's ridiculous.
I feel very sorry for them.
You know, I guess when I see crap like this today
and believe you me,
I was ready to throw something at the TV set,
not to turn it on again.
I feel sorry for us as a people
because even though I've never overestimated
the intelligence, the American public,
I think the American people are basically a decent people
and I think that we deserve better.
And I think that a tremendous disservice is being done
again in the name of profit,
the name of expediency for profit sake.
And we're really paying the price for it.
We really are.
We've become a nation of, of Jello brains.
You know, and it's like when I see a TV set,
it's like you see the guy with a nice wolf tooth
and a nice cotton shirt,
a nice silk tie.
I mean, what are we watching?
That Mr. Fashin or we watching the news?
You know, I wonder that myself.
You know, are we seeing a sex guy,
that a man or a beautiful woman,
you know, as a sex guy too or whatever?
And we in that side of like you say,
it's for profit, it's for ratings.
You know, the same thing with a philosopher George
for supposed CBS, you know, I think if I talk
a looking woman talk about sports,
I get excited about it.
And we in sorts for profit,
I cannot believe how your response
or our TVs are getting these days.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good night, Neil.
I love the program.
Thank you.
1031 at Winds, the CBS Morning News on television, of course,
which was here in Miami yesterday.
And this morning we have just heard
is now moving to the Cape tomorrow, at least.
And perhaps for the balance of the week.
So those of you who think that I'm overreacting,
I can assure you, if you didn't see the graphic
and tragic pictures today,
if you missed the first 2000 demonstrations tomorrow
and through the rest of the week, believe me,
you will have ample opportunity to see it over and over
and over and over and over again until you begin to believe
that it wasn't real, that it was something
out of Star Trek or Star Wars or Buck Rogers
or any of those things.
But it certainly can't any longer be real
after you've seen it the first 500 times.
And Steve Daly mentioned the grotesque pictures
on the evening news and the local newscasts
that we have to watch of the bodies and the blood
and the gore and the lifting of the sheets.
So we get, make sure that they see all the gore
and all the garbage.
We talk about journalism, they ought to be,
some of these people ought to be ashamed
to even utter the word.
Waterhill, hello.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Hi.
I got a few points and I believe I have
a bit of a unique perspective on the whole thing.
I'll get to that in a moment.
Okay.
But my thoughts were that it was such an unbelievable thing.
It was a different kind of thing.
And probably the most beautiful take off that we saw.
I'm a photographer.
I was very impressed.
I wish I had been there when I first saw the replays of it.
It would have been gorgeous photographs.
And then this totally unbelievable thing occurred.
Yeah.
Um, the thing with the media coverage, the media were there.
The media weren't at the bombings and the hijackings
while they were occurring.
They were there today.
So we had the opportunity to see this live, to be aware.
It was happening right then.
Okay.
And people like to know what's happening right then.
They get complacent later on.
Well, wait a minute.
When you say it was happening right then,
what happened happened with an period of two
or two and a half minutes?
Right.
I realized that.
But they stayed on because the ships were going into the area.
And even though we saw this horrendous thing happen,
I think everybody and I still did, even though I saw with my own eyes,
but I still wanted to have a little hope for these people.
And not to make these people any more of a heroes than the guys
that were blown up and they root.
The thing is, it was happening right then
and we still had a little bit of chance of hope.
Well, wait a minute, though, but let's slow down.
This is another one of the fabrications
of some of the people in the media.
And again, absolutely irrational.
And some of the NASA people also responsible for this.
Anyone who saw that, anyone who witnessed that explosion.
It's not a rational thought.
It's just a human thought.
No, no, but let me finish my point.
Anybody who witnessed that explosion
and really held out even the minutest bit of hope
that anyone could survive that explosion.
I had to be in a dream world.
There was no possibility.
No, I don't think it's a dream world.
It's that everyone still holds out a little bit of hope,
even dying people.
I mean, they still have that one little grain of hope
and it helps a little bit.
The playing over and over of it,
just it made you believe it.
OK, by watching it, it made you believe what?
It made you believe that it really did happen.
OK, I heard it on the radio at first
and I came home from work and I turned on the television.
And I was crying the first time
and then I started thinking that it really did happen.
And I think that's why it went on for so long
because first there was some type of hope,
maybe some answers for it coming with the ships
reaching the crash site.
They had said that it could float for an hour
if it did come down intact.
Which at that point, I saw a little bit of a clip
where something was floating down
and it looked like something spinning.
OK, and you could almost see triangular wings.
I did. I only saw that one time.
They never showed it again on any of the clips.
Did you happen to see that piece?
Yeah, but that was certainly not the capsule
in which the...
No, it's when I'm talking about a capsule.
It's a triangular shaped craft.
And that's from...
That's what I saw on there, OK?
And it looked like it was spinning,
floating, flat, and spinning.
So I wanted to see more
and I wanted to see if they would get any information.
And the network stayed on because the president
started having talks, so they stayed on there.
And the NASA said they were going to have a press conference
at 3.30, which didn't occur.
And it still hadn't occurred at 4 when I left
for my other job in the evening.
And it still hadn't occurred by the time I got that job at 4.30.
But can I point something out to you?
OK, but they had to fill in the time.
Well, no, but no, they didn't have to fill in the time.
This is the point I've tried to make to you,
is that television doesn't operate that way.
In the history of television newscasting,
I doubt that with perhaps so four or five exceptions,
maybe a few more than that, but not many.
There have never been a six or seven hour continuous reporting
on any major event.
The assassination of President Kennedy
would be one exception.
Although even then, I'm not sure that I recall
that it went on uninterrupted for seven or eight hours.
I don't think it did.
And quite frankly, I can't think of any other one
in the history of television reporting.
And what they generally do is they give us the information
they have at a given time.
They have footage to show us, which they did.
They could have showed it once or a couple of times.
And then we go back to the other programming,
not that we need to go back to the banality
that that was our showing.
But in other words, as to avoid this appearance
of trying to create whatever it is
that they were trying to create, it wasn't necessary.
They were waiting, they were hoping.
All they had to do was go back at any point.
They would cut in.
When NASA had the press conference,
when it began, they would cut into the regular programming,
just as they did here on radio.
We had news bulletins from CBS all throughout today.
The point was made that people were tuning in.
People were calling if it fans up saying,
have you heard about this?
I stopped at the supermarket and the news was traveling around
and everybody said, well, as soon as I get home,
I'll turn it on.
People wanted to see it then.
People wanted to see it then?
As soon as possible.
Let me ask you something.
Did people want to see the crash of that hot air balloon
in the Midwest a couple of months ago?
Did were they calling up CNN saying,
I just got home, I heard about it.
Can you show it again?
So we see it 100 times or 500 times this weekend.
You really believe that?
You think that's what they showed it?
As often as they can get away with doing?
Or unique.
As you said before, we have become complacent.
We are, there is overkill on there.
I agree with you.
But this, something like this has never happened before.
You think that people were calling in saying,
I want to see Christa McCollough's parents
and the expressions on their face,
another 400 times before the afternoon is out.
Saying that all the things that they said were right,
all the things that they did were right,
I'm not saying that.
The thing is that people were hoping for answers.
They were hoping for answers.
This is something that had never happened before.
But let me ask you this.
When we had the plane crash in Dallas
or any other major aircraft disaster,
is there any person that is right mind
who expects to get an answer within an hour
or two hours or six or seven hours?
It's unheard of, it doesn't happen.
But they held out the fact that the ships were on the way.
They may have had some kind of answer.
And I do know something about the NASA program
from having a relative very, very deeply involved
with it for the last 20 years and up until about eight
space shuttle.
And they have the computers there,
the answers that they can come up with are show unreal.
Okay, very, very few people can even comprehend
every little detail that they know
that is going on in those flights as they are occurring.
So something could have happened there.
So I see that point there.
But my other point is that we are complacent.
But I believe there's a lot of submerged pride here
in the American people.
And it comes out because it gets hurt.
And it was hurt.
Oh, I want to tell you something.
I'd be a lot prouder to be an American.
If we were feeding our poor,
if we took care of our street people,
if we opened up our mental institutions again,
including the ones that the president closed
during this two terms as Governor of California,
when he closed them up and put all those hundreds of thousands
of people out on the streets,
I'd be a lot more proud to be an American
if we had a social conscience and we took care of our people.
And we didn't allow people to starve to that
and freeze to death in the wintertime
that if we set up on other 50 space shuttles,
with school teachers and gymnasts and acrobats
and movie stars,
and again, I'm not trying to demean anybody's memory,
but that's not what it means to be proud to be an American
or a Frenchman or an Englishman or anything man.
Okay, the American people also need heroes too.
We've always had them.
We've always looked up to them.
And since the inception of this program,
those people have been heroes to us.
And like I was born in 56
and like the other gentleman,
we grew up with that.
People are age and they were heroes to us.
This is something so totally new
and our imaginations were fired.
And they were our heroes.
So that's one of the reasons that it has hit so hard.
The people who were on the plane...
First of all, when you say it is hit so hard,
that's all subjective.
You don't know how hard it is hit.
It's not too a few people and I work at a school.
So there were students there
and it was very quiet.
The mood was very subdued.
Well, I'm not suggesting that people were out laughing
and playing today or that people weren't upset by it.
But when you say it is hit this hard,
if there's anybody in my audience who believes...
But I...
Man, let me finish my sentence.
If there's anybody in the audience who believes
that this has impacted American society,
the way the television media has portrayed today,
then they need to saliva test.
No, I don't think it is as dramatic as that.
But this is in one of the instances
where our national pride and our heroes
have been hit very hard.
How about those Marines in Lebanon and Beirut?
Did that affect our national pride when we sit...
Right today.
...pig over there to be sitting targets,
to be blown up by kamikazees.
We don't even know why they're there in the first place.
No, I cried today,
but I screamed when I saw that on the news.
Yeah, well I wish the news maybe
would have screamed as loud as you did.
I appreciate hearing from them.
In essence, that's what they're saying.
Those people who have children in school,
if they do not demand excellence
from their elected officials,
if the public will not demand it,
you're not going to get it no matter how much you're ranked.
It is our problem as citizens,
and if we're not prepared to stand up to it,
then that's the reality.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Okay?
If what you say is true,
then how come last Tuesday,
all of America was so concerned about schoolteachers?
I don't think they were.
Okay, that's the point that I'm trying to make,
and I'm glad there's at least somebody out there
who's honest and after great.
The President was very effective
in locking on to that symbol,
and I think for some reason,
and it's to me, quite frankly, a mystery,
why those seven people as tragic as it was,
and God knows it was,
was certainly not as tragic as the 241 Marines
who were put into a war zone without ammunition.
No question about it.
You know, and why the public responded,
and why the national media hopped on to that,
and we had a week of gorging ourselves on the details,
frankly, mystifies me.
I don't know what orchestrated it or for what purposes.
My only feeling is they jumped on it so quick,
and I do feel it was orchestrated,
and the only thing that comes to my mind about the second or third day end,
I think it was on NBC, or I forget the...
Yeah, I got about 10 seconds.
A individual in the 70s had x-rayed those boosters,
and found the metal fatigue.
He recommended to NASA that they x-ray them before rebuilding them.
Yeah. And they turned it down as costing too much money.
And anyone who knows anything about metal or G knows
that the only way you can tell is to restrain.
Yeah, I got a run, I got the news coming,
but I really appreciate hearing from you.
Thanks a lot.
So many times I have asked on the program to hear from people
who remember it, and it's not that many years ago.
When there were no metal detectors at airports or any place else that was unheard of.
And we have a whole generation of young people today
who've grown up in this atmosphere and in this climate,
and we just all go along, and we accept that this is the way the world is supposed to be.
And I'm beginning to understand perhaps a little bit better
why we're in this trendy kind of mood
because anything that we can indulge ourselves into escape,
even if it's tragedy like last week,
anything that we can immerse ourselves in for a short period of time
that will help us to tune out all of the reality of the world
because we can't cope with it.
We just can't cope with it.
And I don't have any answers.
I really don't, but I just keep asking myself
where the hell does this stop?
Let's go back to your calls and we'll start this hour in North Dade.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Are we guarding Graham and Hawkins, amen?
Get rid of him both.
I agree with you wholeheartedly.
You know, I'm very upset regarding what are they going to do with the welfare recipients?
They want them to get jobs, but yet they're not going to friendly
rotational trading to train them.
I mean, they just can't go to an employer and say, here I am.
Yeah, I agree.
Have a train with these people.
Now, something else that I find very disturbing.
The president Reagan has asked Congress to increase the funds for the DEA and FBI specifically to fight drugs.
Why is he doing that?
They have to do such a great job.
We might as well take that money and burn it.
I don't understand what's going on.
Well, you know, the job that we are doing, if you call it a job, is such a farce and such a tragedy.
And I don't really believe that we have the will or the desire to fight drugs.
I believe that at every, I don't believe.
I know that at every level of our society, there are people being paid off to look the other way
or to become involved themselves, just like we've had here in South Florida with cops not only peddling drugs,
but even involved in murder.
And anybody who believes that we're really even making a dent in it or scratching the surface is very nice.
So why do you want to increase funding?
Well, you know, it's justification for people who work in those areas.
That's job justification.
They all have something to tell you that's rather important.
On one hand, this administration is a lot, there are a lot of hungry people.
And they can't get food stamps.
And do you know what they're doing?
They're going to these churches that are on TV.
The churches are giving them bifurcates of groceries.
And then they're preaching to them, they're clothing them.
And that's why you have so many new rat wingers. Did you notice?
Well, I don't really know who the people are.
You're talking about because I don't believe that there are that many people who are being fed and clothed by them.
They are quite a few. And this is throughout the country.
Or even for the South.
One of them is a 700 club. I don't know what that is.
That's Pat Robertson.
There you go.
See that? And you can't blame the people. I mean, they're so grateful.
Well, they're doing a good PR job.
They would like you to believe that they're dealing with the needs of millions of people.
And it's only a handful of people. I think that you're getting swept up in their publicity.
I don't think that they're really helping anywhere near the number of people that they would suggest to you.
So I heard otherwise.
Well, where you heard it, I don't know, but I don't believe it.
Very good to watch.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for calling.
Let's go to Miami Beach. Hello.
Miami Beach?
Once, twice, they're gone. Kindle. Hello.
Hello. Yes.
Hello. Yes.
I would like to express my opinion about the space program.
I think the space program should be a college.
There is a lot of ways.
It's spending billions and billions of dollars just for nothing.
Just wasting money and wasting human life.
Now, I agree. I believe that I'm money that you know, they're spending in that program should be an education.
Well, to go back to the college just before the 9 o'clock news, we don't care about education.
And the input here so far in the first 40 minutes is living testimony to that.
We don't care about our teachers.
We don't give a damn about education or the quality of education.
Almost people want for the education system to be as a babysitter for their children.
And you know, that's the bottom line and the top line and the middle line.
There are some parents, of course, who don't fit into that category.
But I think the overview of education in this country is that it is not terribly important.
Then we have become an increasingly anti-intellectual society.
There is no premium on intelligence.
The government of this country doesn't want anybody to be smart.
They just want to be the people of this country to be ignorant.
Well, there's no question about that.
This administration certainly is anti-intellectual.
That's their whole thrust is to undermine public education.
And to go back to the days of state's rights and discrimination is, you know, this is a very...
Also, you know, I don't know if you heard any.
The rest of your Miami, you know how much it costs now to go over there?
25,000 dollars a year.
To go to, you know, to store your career over there now.
I believe it's terrible.
Like I said before, that money should be like, you know, for free.
They should free...
You know, everybody wants to store their higher career.
It should be free.
And all those billions of dollars in spending, that's the problem.
It's useful nothing.
It's a waste of money, a waste of human life.
Well, you know, again, it's a question of priorities.
And if we had lots of extra money lying around that we didn't know what to do with,
I would think it would be wonderful to continue exploring the depths of space
and to continue sending people as far as we can.
You know, indulging ourselves in this exercise, in this kind of buck Rogers type exercise.
But in the meantime, we have so many other pressing needs
and we've got this enormous deficit when we have to pick and choose.
We have to select those things that are the most important
and where we're going to spend the money and the idea that now all of a sudden
it's become so fashionable and so trendy for the majority of the people.
They're like, oh yes, we have to do these things on time and we have to keep on.
And we've got to send the next one up in June.
And no matter how much it costs to roll in favor of it,
there's something desperately wrong with our priorities.
That's right, we are wrong.
I know one that, you know, you see all those young people,
you know, turning into drugs and crime and killing.
And I feel sorry for them because they don't have no place to go.
You know, they cannot afford to go to have a higher career in their lives.
They are very depressed and they're going down.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Appreciate your comments.
914 at WINZ in OpenLine in day 624-0191.
And we lost two people in Broward during the news break.
We have two open lines in Broward 764-07-07.
Miami, hello.
Yeah, yeah.
Hi.
I think, first of all, this is about building a new shuttle as Ludacrits.
If I'm not correct, if I'm not mistaken, we have three others, don't we?
Yes.
And, you know, where these people set that.
And to go around being worried about shuttles and advanced technology and everything,
we should also be worried about technology, you know, in the future near 2010.
Because the children that are supposedly being educated now will be the scientist and, you know.
Teachers then?
Yeah, very good point.
And, I don't know, can people really be that apathetic?
Yes, they are.
People are not only apathetic, but they're easily led.
They want to be like sheep.
They are not only like sheep, but they want to be like sheep.
They want somebody to tell them what to think and how to feel and how to react.
And that's exactly what you've been watching these last eight or nine days.
And I just can't believe that it continues.
It just goes on and on and spreads into everything.
It's spread into the President's State of the Union address last night.
It's spread into all of the public reaction to it and the budget proposals today.
And all we keep hearing about is, oh yes, we've got to spend billions for space exploration.
And we have to keep the program going and we have to do this and we have to do that.
And we have to compete.
And all of this other baloney, and it's just a lot of mindless words coming from people who have been programmed into believing that this is what is the trendy thing to say.
That's true.
Master Chief, we can take one tenth of our defense budget and put it toward education.
We'd be a hell of a better off that way.
You bet.
Okay, thanks, Lina.
Thanks for calling.
915 at WINZ.
We have an open line at day 624-0191.
And one open line in Broward-764-07-07.
And as I said, I can't imagine that there could be any open lines at any time during this discussion, discussion tonight, because America is all taken up with teachers and with education and with our young people.
This is if we are to believe all of the media hype and all of the assault of words that we've been pelted with the past seven or eight days.
This is the only thing that America cares about now.
This is the number one priority.
How that's possible beats the daylights out of me, but that's what we're supposed to believe.
So let's hear about those teachers and let's hear about education and let's hear how much you care and let's hear about how brilliant we are as a people.
I think also in the news today, and I could be mistaken, in the same Miami news that had the article about the seat belts, there was a clipping about literature in the last half of the century.
I don't have it here in front of me. I guess I put that aside, but if I can find it, I'll pass that along because it was right on target.
Let me just repeat in case you missed it from CBS at the top of the hour.
A knife-wielding man has taken more than 200 people hostage aboard a Delta Airlines jet at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
And airport spokesman says it's believed the person is in the cockpit area of the L-1011 jet.
There have been no reports of violence. The jet is parked at the Delta terminal and will bring you more information on that as soon as it becomes available from the wire services and from CBS.
19 past 9 at W.I. and Zeyn a Wednesday night near Rogers, with it till midnight Bill Calder, the birthday boy, be along at 12 tonight.
Let's go to Miami next. Hello.
Hello. Yes.
How can you just sit there and cut down the space program as you are? That's one of the best programs we have going now.
I hope one day to be an astronaut myself and I believe the money we are spending is worthwhile.
I mean, if this you're talking about you want technology, this is...
I haven't said anything about wanting technology. I said what I'd like to do first is take care of people who are starving to death and people who need vocational training so they can get a job and defeat themselves in their family.
I have no reason to be starving. If there... I mean, this is... we are the richest... one of the richest.
Well, why are we allowing it to go on? How about people who are freezing to death of North? Are they doing it because of you?
I'm allowing it. They should be able to do it themselves.
Oh, that's what I like to hear. They got to lift themselves up by their bootstraps, right?
Hey, they shouldn't be sitting there and just complaining and stuff. I mean, all those people sitting there aren't well-fair. They don't need it.
I'm not talking about people on welfare. How about the farmers in the Midwest who are starving to death?
Do you ever watch the news? Or are you just watching Buck Rogers?
Buck, oh, come on. The other farmers, okay, that is a big problem. But I mean, we're trying to help the farmers, but still, that's...
Are we really? What are we doing for them?
I don't know. I mean, I've seen the rock musicians trying to help me.
Oh, isn't that... I see some other words every time people are desperate, we ought to have another concert. That's your solution to that.
And all of the tax dollars we ought to use to subsidize the space program.
I mean, the budget is divided into different things, education and all that, but, you know, I mean, it's kind of going as far as it can go.
I mean, farming, they should be...
Yeah, when I hell with the farmers and the hell with the teachers and the hell with everybody else, we're going to send you out there in space so you can be a real full-fledged space cadet.
21 minutes past 9 at WYNZ, we have an open line in date. 624-0191. You know what that reminds me of?
The other day, they were asking school children. They were asking all these different groups of people, would they go up in the space shuttle?
Now, of course, it's a loaded question to begin with because if you're a macho, you're going to be brave.
You're going to go up in the next one. They're going to be aligned there. And the interesting thing. Did you hear that CBS News survey? They have that young girl.
I can't think of her name, but she does these silly polls for CBS Radio.
And she asks people these inane questions and they bring her on and they pretend that she's serious, which is amusing in itself.
And she did the survey and she breaks it down and she's got all the demographics. And she reported that the older women were less inclined to travel on the space shuttle.
The older men, of course, being more macho, the majority of them would go. But among the youngsters, there wasn't much difference.
The girls and the boys, the overwhelming majority, said they would go.
Well, of course, any child is going to say, sure, send me up. I want to be on the next one. I want to be a space cadet. I want to be an astronaut. I want to be an outer space.
And what is that proof? I wonder. What is that proof?
22 minutes past 9, it wins Hollywood. Hello.
Well, Neil, yes. I got a few numbers that might interest the American people as far as the old expenditures and armament space.
With the course that it takes to build one nuclear missile, we can see the needy all over the United States for a whole month.
With the course that it takes to build a bunch of three or four missiles with their silos, we can get three education, college education,
for the entire future generation. So they can learn how to make this planet more survivable instead of learning how to destroy it.
With the course that it takes to build a few nuclear bombers, and that will probably take away the most, we can double the salary of the newly found heroes, the teachers of the United States.
And we can go on and on. Isn't it amazing we have heroes many of whom are making $12,000, $13,000, $15,000 a year?
Yeah, they really, they're newly discovered heroes. We can really double their salaries and make their efforts worthwhile, you know, instead of spending so much on nuclear bombs and missiles and all that.
Now, granted that the space shuttle, that the space program gave us a whole lot of technology and it's really a new frontier and it's a good thing.
No question about it. Yeah, but you know, when you when you own a house, what do you worry about first fixing the inside or fixing the outside? I mean, let's fix what we have here first, you know, let's, let's make it more survivable and make it more more livable for everybody and then worry about, you know, our backyard going out of space.
Yeah, well, people have to come first and that's why when I hear young people like this guy, a couple of calls back here, this young man who's so adamant about, you know, he wants to be an astronaut, so the hell with everybody else and let them take care of themselves.
And that's another rock concert. You know, I wonder where he got his values from.
But if we really, you know, President Reagan and the state of the Union addressed so gallantly said, you know, they're texting their own people and let's cut the taxes for the American family and everybody gave him a standing ovation.
I bet you that everybody that left their hands or equally last night went back to their offices and approving budgets for all those destructive weapons and space programs and everything else and completely forgot about what they're really talking about is making the life of the American.
