Making the life of the American family.
A little more important for all of them.
Like you said before, nearly.
For all of them, I think people don't need to say it.
Okay, I'll get right in the front.
Thanks for calling.
Okay.
Twenty-five minutes past nine at WINZ.
There is an open line in Howard.
Seven-six-four-
Oh, seven-oh-seven.
If there were any teachers in our listening audience
and we know of course the teachers have a lot of time,
they don't have to correct papers,
they don't have to prepare for the next day's lesson.
All they do is go home, they go to high-line,
they go to the dog track.
Now, these are the things that I've heard for years.
Why used to be shows about education?
The number of the right-to-calls
and used to come in about teachers was staggering.
You'd think that everybody had a bad experience in school.
But honestly, I had good teachers.
I had bandwidth teachers while I went to school.
And I went to school and upstate New York,
and maybe that's part of the reason for it.
For many, many years, New York State has had the region system.
They've had superior public education
because the people in New York State,
unlike the people in Florida, have demanded it.
And I had some outstanding teachers.
But we don't hear about the good ones.
All we hear about is the ones that,
do they go to high-line?
They only work 10 months out of the year.
They're lazy, you know this,
and they're them, and so on and so forth.
So all I ever hear about.
As I started to say,
if there are any teachers out there
that knew found heroes of America this past week,
I certainly would invite them to call in
and share their reflections upon this new found prestige
that they discovered.
Helen Dale, hello.
To the first time.
I mean, all of us are from New York State.
Uh-huh.
I'm with Max.
And I'm with Max.
I'm here with Max.
I'm here with Max.
That's my teacher.
Max.
Max.
If you ask me.
If it's dirt, dirt, dirt, paint, bad.
It's a wonderful challenge.
If you ask me, I will die alex and wet.
Araga.
Araga Satsangara is chocolate with some plot,
lectric
Until I am alone now just to keep you unstried but Nagasaki
I'm hearing things.
The sudden loss of the next 10 years.
You bet.
Now, I got so rough and I still can't feel it.
So that's a separate answer.
Wait.
One, two, two, and it's missing.
Right.
Oh, I couldn't see it.
So that's not the challenge.
I'm not telling you.
I'm not telling you.
The character for a person in the next 6 months when I heard he plays up it was killed in the truck.
And when I was in the space, it made me shatter.
The forgotten little house is about to play.
How about the rotten, the rotten, the rotten, the rotten, the rotten, the rotten, the stolen one dear,
stuck to the kitchen, the new, but then, contributing the money to the cousin,
the two ways you could copy the unit.
Another one.
Don't hold your breath.
Oh, I would say another problem.
Now, in the kitchen, there's an inside unit.
Who had out one foot of the door to the new door?
But both of them were people paying in with new crazy ideas with the kitchen.
How did you, you're co-wiping, you're paying close to co-wiping?
I thought I'd point you that Jonathan's educators, the quotation marks, were trying to force them to go through.
And by calling it a word, laugh.
I also had a crazy thought that maybe they should do a correction, but you can be said in questions to the teachers that are now in schools.
Now, that's not what Jonathan, did you remember it?
I sure do.
You remember that phone game?
Yes.
What surprised Jonathan?
By the southern hand, it's unhungic.
And instead of taking a bus going on in school, the project's a route that we need to stop.
Stop the food, please.
Yes.
You, to the stop, a dead person has stopped the traffic traffic.
That's right.
I've found some of that stuff, Jonathan.
This is the new project that started the project.
That's the small, down here, here.
The rent, the battery, is it a real project?
No.
This language, the battery, is hand-sealed.
You know, you're here.
It is expected with a coin-wave tip.
That's the best, but why don't you get a coin-intual right as well that it's actually not safe?
No.
It was mine, which for a key for a token to have coin here.
I stopped the app with it.
Outside, the card comes on the phone.
Now this, near your mirror, is a battery.
It's right, I'm trying to prove it's not a battery.
I'm going to set, stop by on, to rest.
I'm going to look for something.
I'm going to lock the red screen up, and I'm going to get a different one, but it's a little more.
And there is no battery to take the red screen.
I don't know.
It's going to travel, I think.
I don't know that it's a travel.
It's really a bit.
I'm going to have to run the phone.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to close.
I'm going to run it.
I'm going to run it.
I'm going to run it.
I'm going to run it.
And if we don't have money for a battery, I'm going to run it for the people.
We can't move it through your window.
Look at all the mental institutions that we opened up and sent people out into the streets and closed the doors in New York City.
There are thousands of those people.
When President Reagan was governor of California, there was the same thing out there.
Who knows how many hundreds of thousands of people who are mentally ill are roaming the streets and the sleeping on sidewalks and so on and getting no care?
Because again, we as a people have decided this is not one of those things we want to pay for.
Just that goes my mind.
But there are only one billion 200 million dollars.
But here's the unbelievable.
I want to go at a 147 million.
But this is a true part.
I am at...
I got a free video on one point.
I have many friends in the hour.
And all of a sudden, Reagan might go down to your wall.
I think people who are trying to find my friends in the notice police, I have spoken a certain side of questions for many, many years.
I love that this section of its very clear and transparent, when things began to happen.
When it's being broken down, when parents came to the group, fell into their air and found in chains.
And that I saw it all.
And I am so sorry.
Because it's easy.
There are very important things that are often mentioned.
What do you think you are?
Right.
I really...
That's something that's important.
What do I do?
About the truth.
We both need to be so concerned that we can share it here.
I'm telling you, that's the reason.
That's the reason.
Yeah. They wouldn't change jobs with those teachers for 10 times of the salary.
On our own ribbons.
I think that if I had to do it all the day, there would be some conditions like that.
Or drop the report.
Yeah.
Okay. I understand what you're saying.
I really appreciate you're here in front of you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
934 at WINZ.
I'm glad that she called because what she says is so true.
I was talking earlier at the beginning of the hour in the wake of this news story that came over the CBS News and the Wire Services about this hijacking in Dallas.
About how things have changed in such a relatively short period of time and the same as true in education.
I graduated high school in 1960 and I've told you this many, many times and it's true.
It's not cornball and it's not fiction.
It's absolutely true.
The idea that anybody in school then would have shown up stoned in the morning or at any time during the day is outrageous.
It wouldn't have been accepted.
They'd have been out of school on their ear.
And the parents would have been in their demanding not to know from the teachers but from the kids what the hell was going on.
Because even as late as that 1960 and the early 60s, the public education system still had the support of the public.
But not anymore.
Now it's this adversary business that we've run into us against them.
And as a result of that, as a result of my Johnny can never do wrong.
And it's always the teachers who are wrong and the principals who are wrong and the system that's wrong.
As a result of that, our system has gone to hell in a hand basket and how in the world do you expect any teacher good, bad or indifferent to do the best possible job.
When kids come in in the morning with a totally defiant attitude in many cases when they come in stone, when they don't show up, when they're there one day and out the next three, it's lunacy what's going on in this country.
25 minutes before 10 at WINZ.
938 at WINZ on the O'Rodges were hit on midnight tomorrow night to Tony Cigreto of Channel 4 Sports will be here.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale next time.
I am. I mean to direct from my teacher's stay settled, but I like to confront the previous caller who talked about lottery not raising any money for education.
Yeah. And I was.
Until I came to Florida and what it what it had to do with was just automatically passing students along. In other words, you just had to show up every day.
And I can't think of the man. They finally, the legislature finally passed a law to abolish it about 1977 as I recall about nine years ago.
But we had a term for it and I came to this state and I thought what the heck is that all about in other words, they just automatically passed people along.
What is it? No, they don't know upstairs. Don't pretend that you know what it is. What is it? Why are you shaking your head? Yes. See, he's a product of the Florida school system. Right. He went to school in the Gables or somewhere here and he's shaking his head. Yes. And I say, OK. What is it? I don't know.
So I'm asking him what does it? He says 330 20 minutes before 10 at W I N Z. It'll come to me. It'll come to me. I can't think of the term that we used to use for that. But it was it was lunacy. In other words, we just keep pushing people ahead. And even if they had all failing grades, once they got to a certain age, they're gone. They're out on the street. We give them a piece of paper. And we used to give them a little piece of paper that wasn't really a diploma.
But we didn't want to embarrass them in front of all their other students. So we used to just give them a piece of the hair old or the Miami news, whatever it was. Let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hi. Hi. I am a teacher. And I'm not totally poor. That's the fact that Reagan is considering cutting the budget for education.
And we don't get enough. There's such a need for smaller classrooms, more teachers, different type of classrooms to meet the needs of the children. For example, he spoke about children with learning disabilities being in regular classrooms, or emotionally handicapped children being regular classrooms. It really makes it very difficult for a teacher to do the job that they're expected to do.
And I just think there's a lot more to be done, be it the lottery or whatever. But I like you said on the poll by the fact that he's cutting it especially with handicapped children who need to never being that at this point and that he's cutting it even more.
But when you look at the entire education system in our country and obviously not all of it is federal funds, but we just look at the whole picture and realize how little we're doing with people as individuals. As the previous caller said, while we do have in some counties and some states gifted student programs and other special education programs, those are very limited.
But there are few in a far between. And for the most part, we just lump all the kids together. We throw them in together and we just hope that they can get the most that they possibly can and survive it.
That's not the best that we can do for people. And again, when you talk about the formative years, when people are picking up the skills that are going to make or break them during the course of their lifetime, how in the world can we as a society not care more than we do? I just can't understand it.
Well, I think it's a definite need to care more because I have major concern about the future of our country when I see the type of the education that is being given and the lack of meeting the children through individual needs.
I really get very concerned about what our country is going to be able to produce 50-100 years from now. And, you know, the list that is just I'd like to see a change in the attitude especially down the floor. I call it New York as well. And, you know, perhaps when they will see it. So I don't know. I just wanted to get my comments in.
Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate hearing from him.
So, one more thing. And my son who is also in young child feels that the space shuttle donations that we give in our positive and he's for it. So just from the child standpoint, that's his view on that.
Okay. Thank you.
You're welcome, but.
17 before 10 at WINC, there was an attendance certificate that they used to give these kids that they would move along. And there was a term for moving them along from one year to the next and it just escapes me now.
Which is frustrating to me, but I'm sure a lot of people know what I'm talking about. And then a lot of kids would just, you know, we had graduation times. Some kids would get a diploma and the ones who just showed up every day and had failing grades. They'd get an attendance certificate, which said they showed up.
The New Rogers with you on a Thursday, Don starter will be along at midnight. And don't forget ABC talk radio from midnight to five starting next Monday. I rough this down from midnight to three and Ray Bream from three until five every morning. Let's go to Halondale next.
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. I'm five. I'm still up here to my. Hello. Hello. Hello. Say it again. So keep saying it. I'm five. I'm with the Philippines. I'm not. Keep saying hello. See how long you can do it before you pass out.
You are a very. You're that. Keep going. Don't hang up. That's it. It gave up. He gave up. Now there's a man. How old would you say he was 65, 68, 70? And the best he can do is to call in a radio talk show and say, you are a fairy. You are a fairy. That's what we have in South Florida. Have I told you they're going through a second childhood. A lot of these people. That's the best he can do. So if I may fairy, then you are mistwinkel toes. Okay.
You are in the twilight zone. You are tragic. That called by the way was from Halondale. Isn't that incredible? One of those what one of those poor people who needs all the early bird dinners, they live in their 150, 300,000 dollar condos. They need all the breaks they can get right. I mean, let's face it. If you had those kind of mortgage payments, you need breaks too.
Another good one. Boy, I hope this guy is so thrilled with himself now. He's going to go down right now to the card room and tell all the boys he called that Rogers fairy on the radio and really let him have it.
And they're all going to sit around. I'm going to have their good chuckle for the day. Then they're going to take the die gel and go to bed. They're my lantern and they're going to go to bed in a half hour. Isn't that great? Is that what life's all about? That's exciting.
Paul, you are what is wrong with this town and there are thousands exactly like you. They are cloned from you and your minuscule brain. That somehow rotted degenerated when you crossed the Mason Dixon line.
We've discussed that we've debated it so many times. What is it that happens to so many people when young old in between when they crossed the Mason Dixon line. There is a guy standing there and they must pass through a checkpoint and the man at the checkpoint performs an instant lobotomy.
It's got a tiny little beam like a laser and all he does is pull you don't even know what's happening. And you look out the vende and he points you that your head and bingo instant lobotomy.
And they come down and by the time they arrive here, it's like mindless and incredible.
So, just amazed. Miramar, hello. Hello, hello. Yes. Hello. Well, I'm just doing fine. I've had four brilliant calls in a row.
I'm trying to intimidate on calling myself because I really don't know where to begin with you. So up and around and about.
Really like you said at the beginning of the show wound up. So. I know. Well, I probably should kind of lay back in the chase.
I should be a little more laid back for South Florida, right? I should probably slow down and take it really easy and have a little glass of tea and just relax. Right?
I like that. I know. Me too. To the other exposing themselves on a radio to thousands of people who are sitting out there laughing themselves silly.
I know. You don't get this kind of entertainment anywhere else. Do you?
Do not have not heard no money. You bet. You bet. You're downfall. So we say lightly with the night with the doctor.
It's a tight night. I couldn't believe it. Did you like that group of call? No, obviously not. I thought it was a disgrace.
Well, let me ask you a question because you're obviously a listener. You listen to him and the interview I did and you listen and tell his story, right?
And the woman. Please. Please. No, no. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That was another one. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. I thought I was going to die. Yeah. I couldn't believe it.
Now, did you think that his story was worthwhile and did you think that he had something to some message to deliver?
Well, we need more of them, of course. Yes. Yes. People need to be aware. Yes, definitely. There was a message and a lack of response or a little of it that you did get where people that had no idea where this man was coming from.
At all. And it's a, it's a pitiful. Absolutely. Pityful. First call we get tonight. The first call out of the box tonight. I heard the guy with the passport. And then he's the one that called back by the way.
He was the same one we had on a moment ago with the Philippines or the other one with the Philippines and the ferry. Right. Well, he doesn't. He's think her bell on his way to Manila.
Listen, play music. Sit down relax. Have yourself a cup of tea and now with it. Play music. If that's what they want to do to you, you do it back to them. Play music. I like to music by the way in the beginning. I like to pull them.
I have a call coming in. Okay. Listen, it's great hearing from a voices sanity or our first one tonight. And maybe if we're lucky, we'll hear from another one.
I want to talk to you. So I'm going to let this call go. Okay. I'll talk to you and stay and let it buzz. Anyhow, I think it's the guy from Hellendale by the way is calling. That's okay. Let him call. You know, I realized that they, they have, you know, worked whatever.
And they're down here to retire. But I have to live too. And so does everybody else. And I would love free checking without having a $2000 minimum deposit.
Yeah. You know, we're tremendously successful. They are even though the food is incredibly mediocre. The environment, the service are embarrassing. They treat you like barbarians, like animals and so on. And you drive by especially at this time of the year. And you see that situation that goes on with people standing online for an hour and hour and a half. People passing out from heat prostration on hot days.
This is the epitome of what I'm talking about. And the fact is that when I discuss this, the response is so vitriolic and so venomous. You would think that I was attacking people's background. I was attacking their heritage, attacking motherhood.
And that has to tell you something about what the priorities are here. That's not what it's all about folks. That's not what it's all about. And I asked a question a few days ago, maybe a week or two ago.
And I've asked it several times in the 10 years plus I've been on the year in this town. And I'm going to ask it to you again, because I quite frankly don't understand what it is that makes Neil Roger successful in this town. Because the more that I'm here, the more that I realize that I don't have an awful lot in common with the majority of people who live here.
And I'm not looking to undo my success and I'm not trying to trace anybody away, but I'm just I'm questioning what it is that I think is important in life, the attitude, the values, the philosophy, anything that has a common bond with the people who continue to and have for 10 years plus now supported this program.
What is it? I don't play my song. I don't play shuffle board. I don't go to early bird dinners. I don't live in a condominium and God help me if I ever do.
What do I have in common with this town? The weather is great today was magnificent. The weekend is going to be a carbon copy. It's sensational. It's early March. They're freezing their tushies off up North. Great. I lived through 30 years of that, which is why I'm here to be honest with you.
Because why most of you are here to be honest, but what in the world do I have in common with all the people who are out there and the first three what was it for the first four calls tonight are living proof of that.
Now I could sit here and I could pander. I could do you know once upon a office can get some free information.
It's very easy to pander to it. You can have a succession of doctors and chiropractors and there was a period of time when I did some of those shows and the reason I do it hell of a lot less is because trying to listen to that kind of a dialogue is like a terminal. It's worse than Nicaragua if that's possible.
Hello doctor you know that whole routine again you've heard it a million times and I understand that people have problems and a lot of people as they grow older develop physical and firmities I understand that I wasn't born yesterday I'm well aware of that.
This program has made me age rapidly trust me so I know all about the infirmities that we encounter as we grow older all of the obstacles to living a long, helpful life.
But a talk show isn't the place to solve them. At least not on a personal level.
It's like those shows where they call in and ask for psychological help I've never been able to understand the Tony grains and some of these other people why would anybody listen to that.
Don't don't each of you have enough problems of your own are you can you want to hear about the next guys problem. You do? No I didn't think so.
Each of us has got more than enough nobody lives a perfect life to me how much money you've got life is loaded with problems.
I'm not going to spend my escape time or enjoyment time or entertainment time listening to somebody catch about their personal problem.
Who is the fantasy? Please a miracle from God.
I just for the life of me do not understand what's it all about Alfie you know you've heard that song you've heard that question over and over again and I'm not saying it to be melodramatic I'm not saying it to be theatrical I'm saying it because I really and truly do not understand any common bond I have with the with the threads that are the essence of South Florida living and the essence of South Florida living is not the jockey club in the cricket club and and turn very aisle and some of those other parts but that's not what this area is.
I mean they're here and the Palm Bay Club and Judy Maisel with their pineapples and all of those crowd they're here yes and they are like lovely.
I her shoulder pads is big as Stephanie stalls.
I've heard of SNM and leather and all this other but I think there's a fetish with shoulder pads you know this Joan Crawford and all of these other butch.
Butch movie stars I don't mean butch Cassidy I mean I don't even mean David Cassidy and if one of the other talk coasts in town is listening I don't even mean Sean Cassidy you know what I'm saying.
Let's let it all out here tonight okay let's let it all out and cut the crap for once I said here night after night I don't need this phone you know what I'm saying I do not need the phone the phone and I know that Bill and I had differences on this you know it's kind of interesting though he's the one that ran from the phone right.
He also ran from the graveyard shift and the abuse that he took but that's another story but he ran from the phone and bless him he's gonna add years to his life and I've told him that he's happy he's delirious and more power to him.
You don't need this phone and we had a couple of nice calls in a row here and that's why I took a little rest because I thought gee let's not press our luck.
You know even Dale Murphy really hits more than two home runs in a row and consecutive advance.
Well I'm gonna I could do a show tonight that would bust this town wide open I really mean that I could do forget all this other baloney will you.
We're gonna come in as propaganda how can you folks listen to that huh I mean that's get serious.
Every single day over and over and over again it's so predictable you know which words are coming next you can actually predict the words that are coming.
They propaganda propaganda propaganda can't even figure out how to pronounce that one and none of the pronunciations by the way is ever correct.
That's the amazing thing you figure by process of elimination by osmosis sooner or later you're gonna hit it right like going to the track going to the dog track there only eight dogs in a race you keep betting the three sooner or later it's gonna come in right no not on some of these shows.
Unbelievable.
I can sit here and say things that mean something to me not about some schlepper and the gables they're sent for his passport and got it in English and Spanish and is having a cardiac arrest because he saw Spanish on the passport.
Pal I want to tell you something I hope you live a you sounded like you're up there in age but I hope you live an even longer healthful life and that should be your biggest problem.
Align stolen from my mother that should be your biggest problem.
I'm gonna do a whole show one of these days in the world according to Millie.
I'm just gonna lay out my mother's philosophy because in her wisdom she isn't one of the early birds she resents it.
You know where she ate with her friends last you went to the deli then.
Now they do have an early bird of the deli that had to wait the myth that the whole world revolves around Wolfie Cohen's rascal house that's the center of the universe friends that's the beginning that's the end that's the middle that's the breakfast the lunch the dinner they'd late night snack the early bird the late bird that's everything.
And there are even young people when I bought my last car.
At Colonial Pontiac and I give them a plug they're not a sponsor but they've treated me very nicely they've sold me two good cars in a row knock on wood.
And a gentleman who was the salesman who's about I would say is about my age maybe a little older I don't really recall but certainly not a senior citizen.
He'll never get any discounts at a Marifurst I'll tell you that.
He eats almost every day with his wife at the rascal house and he was kidding me about the fact that you know I talk about it and we have this difference of opinion and I say love it it hurts so good like the song it hurts so good.
They should have put that song out by Perry Como.
Little slower little you know little slow beat they could have put Perry you know have did you ever see the thing on television with Perry Como on Saturday Night Live or was the other show that they had on where he was lying in bed singing.
Unbelievable and my audience doesn't know what I'm talking about my producers laughing he's not in a set he saw it you folks don't know what I'm talking about Perry Como give us Rudy Valley.
Rudy Valley.
We don't have Valley girls in South Florida.
We have Oive girls in South Florida.
It's unbelievable it's incredible I remember the I love Israel lady was doing a show from the beach for why was it on Sundays on a Sunday from the Eden Rock.
Oh such a show and you know why they stopped doing it after a few weeks because the crowd kept diminishing and the people who came in and the average age the average demographic was 107 the people who came in didn't buy a drink didn't spend a dime didn't do anything to contribute to the business environment there that they were trying to cultivate a little bit and they said hey this is get serious this is for the pardon the expression birds.
Early late or in between yet rid of it that's what they did.
And I for the life of me do not understand why a great many of you people listen to this program I don't want you to stop listening I mean if you're getting some kind of massacistic thrill great I hope that this program is applying more sexual excitement to senior citizens than anything else in South Florida let's get Fred shots in here soon maybe he can psycho analyze this whole situation.
Maybe there are people who are sitting on their radio receivers when they listen to this program the Beach Boy do we have good vibrations in the other room trust me that the only vibrations that some of our audience have felt for years.
And the amazing part of it is that I sit here and I speak clearly in English and yet it.
And they don't have the foggyest idea of what I'm trying to say.
Do they and maybe they do maybe all those people that I meet out there maybe everybody who who constitutes the 99 and 9 10% of my listening audience they all understand every one of them and it's just the people on this far stunk at a phone the phone.
During the 10 o'clock news from CBS which is piped in on a little satellite dish from New York I'm going to take the telephone and I'm going to burn it.
Now I don't care if the people at Southern Bell or AT&T who is it that owns the phone itself now Southern Bell I don't know and I don't care I'm going to burn it right in the studio and if any of the engineering people are listening and they don't like it to them you know I don't care I don't care.
We don't need a succession of non sequitres we don't need back there I'm taking fel being I mean if you could see the looks on the faces of some of my guests and when somebody writes a stupid article in some broadcasting publication with all their research you know it's like these consultants who are people who can't get a job any play sales as a radio consultant or a TV consultant because they're misfits they've been bumped out of every market in the country they become a consultant and they go around and they screw up everybody else's station.
Including a few who have been in this town oh yes somebody writes a stupid article in one of the trade publications about what talk show listeners want to talk about the most and the thing that they enjoy the most they don't care about the host they don't care about the guests all they get it callers is what gets them to listen well if that's the case then John McHugh's out of business altogether right 955 at W.I. and Z last night we had Bertann and here.
Involve your discrimination that's committed here who are they to come out and it was a promotion and this should add BAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
Now we have all of the packaging and all of the merchandising the real truth is coming to the surface why don't you just do like we did back in the 40s and 50s here when they had those disgusting signs about no Jews allowed and no blacks allowed
Why don't we just put a big signs everywhere no young people allowed
Why don't we just have a referendum we should we have a petition drive especially in Broward County that would be good
Let's have a big petition drive in Broward let's forget about the important things like the lottery and casino gambling things that can be constructive
To bring in money to educate our children and improve the quality of life
Let's have a big petition drive to outlaw people under 65 and Broward so I can move again
I mean I'm getting used to it now I'm getting to be a pro
