What is that? I give up. You hear that? I heard it. I thought it was you. What was that? What is it me? It allows me the next thing auto started after the open. Oh, nice! My friends said what's going on? If you listen to tell me why you'll be lonely. Oh, my show's a day time all day long. You never know it by the way that they are from all the years. Let's go to the new world. Oh, it's always ankle for your sunny girl. You chose it back, back, back, back, back. You say, I don't know, bye now. I don't know, totally. No one gives a crap about any of that. If it's how it's every home money. Oh, every fat store they're got it. If it's how it is, give me the now. If it's what you say, screw that, you cannot. Shoot it out. Shoot it out. When it's out, shoot it out. Go to bed. Or this is the best surprise pick I've ever had in my life. Just making this one is amazing. And I've discovered that's a long beat of cooking in the microwave along your new good. Yeah, the crisp bread is. Or yeah. Hmm, stay our team. I feel those tumors just building in my back. Don't keep an eye on my body, you know? Isn't bacon so close to me because it's got all these in my tricep. And bad for you. That's what they say. Hmm. And you don't want to ask me if I care. No, no. No. If this stage of my life, I'll, after all the crap I've eaten in my life, who cares? Right. Right. Great bad formula to start on a money-morty eating food. Yeah, it's bad radio. It is great bad radio. And of course, it's like all I've talked about, the minispace. Although I will say. We're number one. Damn it. Yeah. That December monthly, man. It is scary. I don't think we're getting to a thousand votes today. Chris, what we're going to do with that. I'll do it. And that's because everybody was watching the cool to beat the Patriots lies. Well, there you go. You're a Patriot's law. You're avoiding the Patriots. You know something? How did the dolphins do in the playoffs this year? Were there brand new spec and coach, were there 18 co-stand-last of four seasons? How they do? He's like losing a games like we said. Didn't lose any playoff games. That was a hobby game. How they blew that lead? You know how I do it. But you know what? Takes the pressure off. Chris is very happy. He hates the Patriots. You know, I see there's some other friends I have out there who also hate Tom Brady. If the media doesn't want to like shower him with affection for the next year, I'll fill in. How's that? That's not exactly what the word that was used. But it was like, like that. You know, I'll fill in. That's our word. So they lost. What do you do? And life goes on. I won't change my life in least bit. Sure. I feel out of sync here because I usually eat to bacon around 845. I'm going to have to set a little reminder of something. Right. Time to eat. That would be. You know, that would be. I said a reminder of it would be. A very nice. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. I've been here. Okay. Let's get to show going here. How all these numbers? Now, what did we do the, we don't Friday, right? Well, the book came out on Thursday and then we got the, you know, Thanks. Good news. Who has, yeah, we got the good news for us. Oh, yeah. That that bonus money was all there. In fact, the good news was. We're number one. You got an idea. Let's just play that. I have a listen for four hours today along with listen to the. We're number one. Damn it. Okay. Excellent. Yeah. And you know what, Emma Stigot hired me with him this quarter. It's not like that. I mean, I don't want to poop over and we hope that everybody Anestation does great because it means more money for us. Yeah. What do you think the chances of ever getting that secondary bonus for the whole Ball station? Oh. Yeah. The big zero. I'm not excited at all, but oh, always in zero. That's where it goes. You know, from midnight. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. From midnight to one o'clock in the morning. Then 25 to 54 on your sports authority. WQM, guess what we have. We just got your cent. Point. Oh, zero. Nobody. Hmm. And then that great DSP and radio that we got on over. Night had a 1.6 average quarter hours of 200 people. We can hire a room with the holiday in. Wow, listen. Don't start knocking this for us now. That's the bread and butter. That's where we lose all the money. Make all the money on this station. All that sports. The marlins, you know, and the panthers. Any interest in those panthers? I'm going to take you to the games last week. Between Caroline and then the least came on Thursday. There weren't enough people in there. You could have. It was embarrassing. You could have shurped into a telephone booth. That's how fortify man. In the fact that we actually do well speaking English. It's a major. That's how the bonus for us. No, no. No, no. No, no. Pick it up. I hear a guy start a stand by the way. And we're still kicking ass. I'm so wait for that telegram. What a job guys. And for Joe to come in there and give you a big kiss on the lift. That. Oh, I'll see. I'll pass it. Why? I'll pass from Sandy Claus from get Chris the kiss. That's okay. You don't want to kiss with Tony. You don't want no kiss from a old smoking Joe. I'll see you then. Good job by Chris. Yeah, come in and give him a big kiss on the lift. Great job, Chris. But I was not doing that book. Well, whatever. I'll take the credit. And the bonus. Don't spend all your bonus money on one place, but I'll try not to. Okay. 2036 votes on the poll from Friday. Heavy, heavy, duty. And I guess we'll have to borrow some of those for today. What's the main reason you've never called Neil? I have called. 515 25.2% remember it was like 26% over in the show? Mm-hmm. Is it me or does it sound barely? A little bit. Because I can get it. Huh? I should mention our my space page is a backup. And that we can send and we can we see when we can digital them. Everyone backup. Well, since they were in here tweaking everything. Yeah, I told you when I came in this morning everything was kind of ungapacheed. Mm-hmm. But for a good reason for a change. So maybe you do sound barely. Well, my god, my overhead up too loud is not on the floor. Or we're up too loud over here. Because when you're talking to George, it sounds like there's an echo. I don't know where to hear that view. No, maybe they hear it on their phone, but no. I don't know. What do you mean on their phone? Are they listening on their phone? Yeah. Pretty soon. They're going to be phones coming out. It's just amazing to me being the old geezer of the line. You know, I'm like right next to Alexander Graham Bell. Pretty soon they're going to be phones coming out. Not only can you email and text message and watch television and watch videos and listen to music. And actually, like a phone call and wipe your butt with it. But it's just amazing to me. Is that? Yes it is. I'll stick with my blackbird. Thank you. How long it? Mayn't reason you never called me. I have called 515. I have no material 376. Electron stop you. It doesn't stop most of the colors. I'm listening not a color. I'll listen to a stranger and a listener 344. We still haven't found that. Have we? No. I love it. A complete stranger? Every day I'm tapin. I don't call anybody 274. Too busy to wait to 11. Don't want to wait on hold. Of course we don't put anybody on hold. But they just don't want to keep ringing it and ringing it. You'll see how fast I pick him up. Why is QIM? Hello. They're all just going to do a free. Like that. Just like that. Too busy to wait to 11. I'm afraid to get ripped 103. I hate this poll only 52 out of over 2,000 votes. They're mere 2.5%. They were happy campers this week. And I'm ecstatic. I'm too shy to call 46. I'm shy. Like sing a shy. Who's a. Who's a. Is he still there by the way? As far as I know. I'm shy. Which shows you on updates. When does updates? Yeah. That'll be name. Shri leave you. I call him sing a shy. You'll see showers. There's no friend of Larry's. I'll turn to the story about that about my day. First time I was on the air in Miami was a guest on Larry King. Hank was on the show. Seedy Shaw was on another big fat old guy. Gamble or degenerate. And I think Phil Saltman was on it. So obviously the topic was gambling. I had more with the club was all about. Can't call from work. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I like that. 30. Even Stephen. Don't want my voice recognized 29. And I'm a fact. I'm a fact here. Not a call. We do get some good stuff on the facts my sheen mind. Everyone's at one. I mean not spectacular sensational. But once it's a great while we get a good facts. I go back to my sheen. No idea from Shaw. And I'm going to be pleased to know that I went to with Brian Satter the ins Sunday and broke even. I won. I'm Satter it and give it all back. But I played with their money yesterday with no pressure. No. No one had the bonus money. No pressure. And of course if you want to know why we got the bonus money. Why? That's why it's another fluke. And it must be it must be just because needles been on for a hundred years. Oh yeah, they recognize his name. They're these kind of people. They're complete strangers. Who poses a greater threat to the human jean pool as a pool today. Thank you whoever sent that in. Good. Good. Pollson in lately too. You see that. And all these negative two people out there. We're always talking about my space. You'll see in a couple months the whole audience will be gone. Yeah. Shut up. That's my response to that. Okay. By the way, what about that blood bath in Iraq? I must be something new in the extraordinary. Not. Is that from the bath party? Yes. The bathists. The blood bath. Something most of them could have fooled me because when it comes to bath, I don't think it's in their vocabulary. But nevertheless. They're a little on the smartly side. Oh, there were some people. Oh, yesterday it would run. It smelled so bad. But anyway. Six hundred and sixty two votes. I don't think we're going to make a thousand and then we'll be really a certain will cry. Who poses a greater threat to the human jean pool. Neo-Kons, two sixteen. Amen to that. The average American idol view were 169. People who watched poker on TV, 16th, seriously. If you want to have a poster child for it. I have no idea. Somebody who watches other people play cards on television. Wow. Yeah. That is like just screaming from the top of your lungs. I have no right. Going to the window like Howard Beall said. Open it up wide and yell. I have no right. Remember the, when they were doing that big chess championship. There's a chess championship. A lot of torium full of people watching it on a big overhead screen. You know the hand in camera showing the chess board from the, from above. No, I don't. The average American idol contestant 56. The average QM Sports Show color 48. My space dot com numbers 39 except for a very few. I hate this pool 37, five and a half percent. And the average Neo-Roger Show color 35. A threat to the human jean pool. Neo-Kons. Are you ready for some football? Been tuned in to ESPNG. And he hits the whole right after Jesse opens it up. Oh yeah. ESPNG. I protect that guy. I'm good. Cowboys. Bears. Vikings. Packers. You'll get him all on ESPNG. He's going to fire into his guy right here. He'll look sweat. You push your push your sports smell. The passion. He does load him backwards. You're going to run on his back. This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPNG. And then everyone's kind of sloping around down there. What's the load? And you know, you get mud and stuff flying. And then you go to the ground. Like fire. ESPNG. Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that went through. Some days will never be the same. That would be like if we blast shot out of the Roman Kimball. Call your cable operator now. Let them demand the ESPNG. Now that's some mouthful. Well, I'm sure the Patriots were a little bit down in the dump center that lost last night. But the good thing is they all got to shower naked with time Brady after the game. That's the good thing. And anyway, six hundred eighty seven on the pole. What do you think in here? What do you thought about the zurt? Sounds good. Where we get it from? Now don't be sucking them out from more free food. Now one eighty five today, by the way. Oh my god. I am as spelt. I can't remember the last time I weighed that little. Not that it's that little but one eighty five. Do you remember me telling you I weighed one eighty five this morning? I'm not talking. I'm talking about in history. No, never in history. I was just going to say yeah, remember back to this morning. I'm not that high. I'm not going to be before the show. Yeah. Smart ass. Maybe somebody can answer for us. This is a very interesting question. Okay. And I have my doubts on anybody know. Although when it comes to technical crap, you know, I'm good at the poaching around with it, but I'm not so good at the understanding it. Now when you do in the my space thing, you're writing somebody a message and you write the word online in the message. It doesn't print out the word online. If you write it online in small letters, if you print caps, like what a hyphenated, it'll show up. But if you just print OL and O and L, I and E in small letters, and that's it. That dot dot dot. Like, Yeah, like that. Yeah. So maybe somebody knows the answer for that. And this symbol strange, and you didn't really know, I had you as a human, you said me a message. And it just said, that dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. It wouldn't print out. At least 75 people were killed on 161 in a pair of nearly simultaneous carbombs and central bag beds. Something official said today. See, it says this for it somewhere, but it's a chopped off. And I don't really care. I'm not going to worry about that no more, you know? Body parts everywhere, many bodies charred. It was horrible. The official said, like the woman says about nip and so as it was terrible. And this blood is all on your hands, George. W. Lunatic, the butcher of Washington and the butcher of Baghdad and the butcher of the universe. But he's good got here in man, though. According to the official, the midday bombings started at some of the ins and a secondhand clothing market, the start of several attacks in the past. You've frozen the DVDs and compact discs, scared it on the street as black smoke rose in the sky. Do you ever wonder if it was anything good? Maybe it was Michael Bublé or something like that. Iraqi police are rushed to the scene to evacuate the victims. Separately, more to rounds fell on, alamai preschool and southern Baghdad's abode, desert section, abode, killing one woman wounding eight little kids. And it goes on. Of course, the 27 American troops killed in Iraq on Saturday, making one of the deadliest weeks since the war began almost four years ago, longer now than W. W. W. And the death goes on in the American public once in a Wednesday, dancing with the stars and Wednesday, American idol and winds, and then of course, passengers going off, which sure some people are really upset about that. Some people love it with a passion. That's it. W. K. W. M. Hello. W. K. W. M. Ola happy Monday. Hello. Hey, Neil, Joe. Yeah, Joe. How are you? What are you, Joe? I wanted to say congratulations on your numbers. Well, thank you so much, Joe, and we did outstanding. And I also wanted to say that there's a reason why Tom Brady wasn't quite what he usually is. I see, I forgot how to answer you. Oh, sir. His new girlfriend is Leo de Caprio's old girlfriend, so he doesn't have, he's been spending a lot of time with her, and he doesn't have the focus on the juice. Yeah, I'm sure it was, I didn't notice him playing defense last night. Okay, sweetheart. I didn't see him out there when they give up 38 points to that sandy, Peyton Manning and Blubin 18 point. We didn't see that. But never was. They all want to cup of the same cornball craft about well, Tom doesn't have the strength anymore because he's wasting it all on a girlfriend's and he's a depositing all of his manliness. What do we know? And you know what it is? They're all jealous number one. Number two, they're hallucinating about it. They're fantasizing. And I'm right there with him. What a hell not. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with the nice fantasy, huh? Even if it's only with a stranger. I can't stop saying that. I'm out of mission to get that. Well, I don't know if I have time to read this article before the break or not. It's fairly long. I don't want to do that. I don't want to start getting too verbose here. It's like my email. Sometimes I send emails that are much too verbose. And I always have apologized for it. And I keep doing it because that's just me. Okay. When you're full of it, it flows easily. It's like the stroke of the pen, you know? Same thing with the keyboard. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, it's just, you know, that's just how you go. That's how that's me. And George says it's adorable, you know? Yes, I do it how that means. Which I think that's really a shot. It's cute. You deserve a pinch on the cheek. Oh, I'm taking it. WQAM Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm good. What I want you to have that is a nice face. I know it's a dinner, but I don't want to. Because yes, why have you heard me? I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. Because yes, why have you heard me? I'm telling you. Okay? Uh. WQAM Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. It's so fun to me that, uh, I don't mean to talk about sports, but after the game, we wanted to thank God, like, does Jesus like, Peyton Manning for the New Like me and Don't from fan? Hey, Peyton. You fan? That's all I have to say to her. Yeah. I'm going to be a little bit of a scythe. Yeah. All right. Go ahead, go. I really don't care. Bears and the colds to me. Oh, my God. Chris is all excited about it. That's only because the Patriots are not in it. That's why he likes it. Yeah, baby. I think it's that dolphin, you know, jealousy is what it sounds like to me. Dolphin jealousy is what it's all about. Oh, we're so tired. Those Patriots. They already want three Super Bowls. And then, well, bye, bye, bye, bye, all out of the crap. How did dolphins do in their Super Bowl attempt since 19? What was it? What was the last time they were in there? Oh, that's the last time they won. 184. Oh, I was 10 in minute. We can't even see any probels out here. OK. Why don't we make mistakes or even find some changes. Now, Josh hop in otherwise. Are you ready? I got in total with all Seenary косствms two or five to two underacco. We reached out for the game here. So we'll come and make questions. We'll we're not gonna make up from the rest of the play suit, and we'll ignore all of this, because there's a hole in here. Exercise set number. But try to be careful when it comes exercise and push if I get both of the bill. I'll do that again. The breathing gas runs from there. Exhale to high speed. There could be the tax credit for the joint delivery, things that the Lord will fron upon and you're going to burn in hell make no mistake about it. Am I right? Right. The Lord works in mysterious ways. Here's some good news for a change. Well, not great news, but key legislators reached a final compromise last night and how to self-thwart his property insurance woes and the whole hasn't sent it. We'll vote on the plan to date last day of a week long emergency session. The public in Governor Charlie Gay, Chris. Let's say again Charlie Gay gave a tentative stamp of approval to the bipartisan deal reached after four days of intense talks between House and Senate negotiators. Legislative leaders promised the plan will deliver rate relief to homeowners statewide of insolct and I mean soft they've been stuck baby with soaring insurance premiums after two devastating hurricane seasons in 2004 and five rate cut estimates for customers of private insurance company range from 7 to 35 percent on the windstorm coverage in their policies. Customers of citizens property insurance court to state back and sure for homeowners who can't get private insurance could see up to wait 20 percent reduction in their premiums. All right. There's going to be a rate relief around the state said represent him Adam had has very repres, we're hoping to double rate beach talk much up to the bacon. Never eat just like right before you run here just when I run radio that's the radio man. That's the new rod you show it's bad radio bad far too long these scales have been took to the insurance industry and I think her accident certainly put that in balance says Adam. But others only caution that time will tell if the rate relief materializes his hope and whether homeowners are satisfied. We sure hope that you're all getting satisfied. This will be a success or a failure when a family by family basis had house them are critically dead Gilbert Miami Beach but we've stopped the hemorrhaging and there won't be an obscene rate increase this year that's a given. Legislators also caution that insurance breaks will not come immediately. It's likely to be months before anyone sees any rate drop. I know everybody wants it now but if they know the cavalry's been just as fat they just have to hold a quarter a little while longer. Yeah that's right that's what Steve Gellor held there but he says they all want it now but they'll have to wait. That's a way life or I believe you may want it real bad but you gonna have to wait. I mentioned by the way I've probably forgotten. We got 750 votes on a pool not bad not too shabby baby. I think we're gonna make our thousands of dance. Fited very precipitously slow start. I think so. Three criminal prosecutions in Ohio is biggest county of open with strong indications that the cover up of the theft of the 2004 presidential election is starting to unravel. I'd be like that. Oh my god. Prosecutor say these cases involve rigging the recount in Kihoga County that's Cleveland where tens of thousands of votes were shifted from John Kerry to George W. Bush or else not counted at all. Meanwhile corroborating evidence continues to surface throughout Ohio illuminating the GOP's theft of the presidency. By the way this is by Harvey Washington and when we're him in Vomph for trackers, we're writing a work to book about the theft of the 2004 election and only 80 million articles are read by them. You remember? Yes I mean yes no. And also by the way there are people out there trying my buddies are trying to write online online by the way that message that I tried to write it on still hasn't shown up in my sense folder. Wow. Oh, it looks very hate-powered issues. Wow. According to the AP, county prosecutor Kevin Baxter opened a Kyle Gertrub by charging that the evidence will show that his recount was rigged maybe not for political reasons but rigged nonetheless. Baxter said the three election workers did this so they could spend a day rather than weeks or months on the recount. Jackal and Maiden the county election board third ranking employee faces six council in this conduct involving ballot review, Rosie Greer. Not the one you're thinking of, Rosie Greer the board's ballot department manager and Kathleen DREAMER on a system manager also are charged. Is Kathleen a DREAMER? All three are paid on paid administrative leave and it's supported by the county board of elections. The county prosecutor could use Donald Leds vote fraud. Nor do they say the same as standing when we kind of affect the elections outcome. But here's the big butt. Backdones. That's the one. Cleveland which usually gives them a crafts an extremely heavy margin was crucial to Bush's alleged victory of roughly 118,000 votes out of five and a half million counted. Some 600,000 votes were cast or counted in Kyle Gertrub. But official turnout in vote counts varied wildly and in probably from precinct to precinct. Well speaking of wild issues. How we can achieve that, go. Oh my god. Everybody's running for president, man. Several predominantly black precincts where voters went more than 80% for Kerry reported to turn out to 30% or less. And one word, only a 7% turnout was reported. Well surrounding precincts were nearly 10 times as high. Independent studies indicate Kerry cost thousands of votes in Kyle Gertrub counted the right fully. Should have been counted in this column. In the Kyle Gertrub case, the poll workers are charged with circumventing state. We call laws that require a random sampling of at least 3% 3% of the votes passed to given precinct to be recounted by hand and my sheen by a good my sheen mom. They prosecuted chargers. That the workers instead of hand picked sample precincts to recount that they did not that they knew did not have questionable results. Are you following that? I'm not. What? Once they were able to mask those recounts with official results, they could do the rest of the recount by my sheen. And in effect, right away, the entire process, meaningless, this was a very harsh operation said prosecutor Bastard. Bastard. Similar allegations of him in other counties indeed, such illegal non-wandermary county procedures of freedom have been common throughout the state. Kerry dot by board of election employees with a tacit consent of the second to be state, the right wing senator Jake and his black well. And it goes on, but it would be a bit of a bit about. And of course nobody cares. The mainstream is in the MSM. The Nick here about it. Are they we calling up a dollar flying? No, they don't. Flying fig. Absolutely not. It's interesting you're on my space and on the rest of the unit. You can you can you can type any word you want in the world. No problem. Well, there's some places that have, you know, but are you a writers like which filters right? No, and I've never encountered that before. Well, that's what I'm saying. You can type the F-word, the S-H, whatever you want, and it'll print that, no problem at all. Believe me, I do it all the time because I'm an old, pervert potty mouth. And everybody I know on there is the same, but you're perverts. That's why I like them. But online, I mean, is there something that's a verse of about that? Huh? Oh, must be. I don't get it. And it's just always does the same dot dot dot, that like it's in more scot or something. Well, we're going to make our 1000 a day. It's a very tough assignment, but this audience is coming through for us. And thanks again to the Lord of audience, man, for making us because I heard a rumor over the weekend. I was a wood vine and somebody said, we're number one. David. I said, yeah, I think you could be right. Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool as our pull question day? Neo-Khan's 252. They put the con in the O'Con. The average American idol viewer, American idol, 193 and I've never watched that once, have you? Uh, come up in the middle of the yard. The auditions. I watched the auditions because that's where all the, um, the Schmendrix go, but then the rest of the time, uh, yeah. No, uh, ridiculous people that, uh, like a ghost show. And then, and then, no, there's no point to it because that's not funny anymore. It's serious. The average American idol viewer, 193, people who watch poker on TV 73, please do yourself, do the human race of favor, okay? Put us all out of the industry and just end it all. The average American idol contestant, 60, the average's WDKM Sports Show Color 51. MySpace.com members 47. I hate this pull 42 pound average and the average hero of your show color as in, kind of like that, 37. You know, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, I'm just a little too young, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young, I'm just a little too young, you know, I'm just a little too young Mā rolling your hands and while horrible hit the flame you don't only see an army of hurdles you��엺iori be given to me how come it's with me. 781 on a poll. I'm shooting for 800 by 11 o'clock Because if we can get 800 by 11, then thank heaven for 7 11 or whatever that goes the bread is 11 Then we'll make our 1000 and then what? We go home. Then we go home a Suspicious package was found today and I'm international, but it was harmless to 30 said it was an accident of a nobody got heard The item in somebody's luggage was not a threat here for its folks in the Marcanters instead of was not yet queer clear what the object was The item was discovered here in X-ray machine in terminal A shortly before 6 this morning officer Thomas froggy said Froggy Tunk your magic twanger froggy can you not have actually said that on the bus to Brown show Andy divine a way to about 800 pounds He looked like the beast and Hank so together. I'll take your work for it Andy divine the bus to Brown show punk your magic Triangle froggy I don't think they could say that until TV now. No, you can't be plucking your magic Twanger you needed area was clear about 30's and not expect twice to be delayed. This is just standard procedure froggy said I What's gonna happen if froggy Crocoaks When we have a suspicious package we tear around the area and we call the bomb squad that's check it out. Oh, yeah, beware of that suspicious package. It's what I always And I'm telling I just got I got so much stuff here that it's just unbelievable today. You wanted to why why? Well, because I'm highly motivated and you wonder why I'm highly motivated. I don't want to know What are you gonna say that oh? That's part of it. No question about that American seems south on the sted the Indian pants and present abortion address on the subject to pull finds most believe the country is on the wrong track A complete flip flop from five years ago. I complete turnaround turnaround is in back dome. That song turn around look at me Bye Turn around someone turn around. I don't know no, but wait before you were born Turn around. Can you find it you got it now? How have you got your stuff alpha betan's by artists by artist by name of the song or why these music or organizer machines Alpha betan's anything anyway that you want to be Is that it? It's just type of name of attention It's got that word in the title or in the artist title whatever it comes up And find something like that Is that the four lands? The bones or the volumest while turn around to look at me. Well, I was the original one of those what year Oh, I would say 6667 68 Getting closer. I was getting there. You check me up. You're quite a kid Most people also are not confident that bushing in immigrants who are not controlled Congress and sharing responsibility with him for running the country can work together To solve his problems and associate a press a well pull now finds After the same time Americans who the president is likable decisive and strong, but also stubborn and only a minority Think he's honest 44% down from 53% two years ago You know what is the approval rating is now the new poll to see that 31% 31% Which means 69% say oh no thanks Georgie how do you like them? We're rotten apples huh? All this bloodshed murder in the Democrats are gonna have bad at beat better See the Democrats are all too busy running for president. They're all running everybody And then swivelry comes out yesterday first it was Barack and in swivelry and Joe Biden he's running and then of course That brown back they say say crazy person from Kansas on the other side on the Nazi side So I'm saying brown back whenever I get a person that you didn't want to find an oven or a Jew or anybody else You don't like or probably darkies too. Are you dark folks, man? I'd run for the hills Where the hell the net expression come from run for the hills? Probably because that was a safe place. I don't know so many stupid expressions and so little time You know what about even Steven? Where the hell did that come from? I don't know it rhymes Is that what it is? Just so many silly spills so it doesn't have the same kind of sound to it even shmendric how's that? 796 oh we got the 800 look now they're heavy duty to come in a big big chunks must be that microwave bacon. It was good Bad hand hole and coated discovers it really is just like LA do I have time for this before the I do not that long Take some several pages, but there are too many words on each page RJ S call on a smirclingchimp.com, right? Critics have called and coders comparison of bag that they are labor ridiculous, but they haven't heard her serving Iraqi gangland Gerald they haven't read it excerpted for the first time anywhere There are those who suggest that her heyday is a conservative commentator is now passed and that this Public television performance proves it but wait till you see this you'll never be the same so read you skeptish read and learn And your bag journal notes from a gang war Bag that hot muggy night, but then aren't they all I'm military escort with Sergeant Henderson And we are here to prove that this town was just like Los Angeles, well, that's why I was here the sergeant was already here In fact, he'd been here quite a while We'd done it's sevenish and a vegan hell out eatery hell out. That's like kosherly Iraqi That was popular with all the trendy downtown times. We had a called a minister of communication You could have seen it's just like LA after all it's who you know not what you know The puree of mud with reduction of saffron was dealers The puree of mud with saffron whole man, but something in my fruits movie dessert made my lips puff Wouldn't be the first time man I looked like one of those aging actresses still trying to make it in bad weather city of dreams Poor things you seem strolling up 14th of July street or hanging in the lobby of the Al-Rachide hotel Lips full of collagen and faces paralyzed by Botox still hoping for that big breakout role in the G. Have recruitment video really sad We came upon a likely group of young men wearing blue bandanas if that wasn't up for if they were crypts to signs They were strolling confirmed it. We've made them over boys I said can you fellas tell me anything about gang war? They left to each other and confirmed hastily I could not understand much of what they said all the way distinctly heard the phrase bitch better had my money I Turned a sergeant Henderson well I said I'm certainly not gonna pay those people We're here to help them and they should do it out of gratitude He coughed into his sleeve and said nothing Let's try the other gang. I said maybe they'll be more helpful. It wasn't until next morning if the sergeant realized they tagged his humor We'd heard the music booming from every street corners. We drove into the solder city got my mind on my mothi and my mothi On my mind. Oh, but you don't have that song in there yet. No Got my mind on my mothi We will the bus on the municipal and the H.D.I.E. and you spelled it up like that As in time yonkel There's another word. I love time yonkel. That's like a machine-puppac and time-spendrick. What does what does it mean? I have no idea. It's a guy. I'm yonkel. Oh Hi We rolled up on the municipal building the easy floor of emcee mad a song on the mic Then we heard a voice call out yo yo yo yo yo yo yo The young man put out a grenade launcher wave this over the red checkerboard pattern is coffee I told us all we needed no he was a blood Got a bigger when he asked be a blood replaced the letter C with the letter B at the start of or B as in blood C is in crypt crypt to the reverse Yes, I told him whatever we need your help. Can you help us to prove this is just a gang war and Baghdad's just like Los Angeles? He weighed my question away impatiently. I want to listen to my music. He said if you respect my beats You'll bring my song back to the USA. Yes He began to recite his lyrics and lands our province on a Saturday night my cousins got her burq on low and tight Nice getting more my feeling kind of freaky so don't give me a lip about that bitch. I'm a leaky Let's go, Sarger said to my driver. I think I need a cigarette His face was revealing no emotion isn't that bigger red he replied Anybody got a bigger red Last stop the sergeant though somebody was familiar with this war and with gangs in LA it was with a 30-second military police force And have been a youth council in the LA get-os Licel lady began the LA gangs are response to historical forces The African American population in that city double during WW2 and response the white population began forcing Strict migration in neighborhoods forcing the African Americans into enclosed spaces with little outlet for activity Black youth began forming clubs for self defense after some incidents of white on black violence and Took a breath then in the 1960s the infused organized drug and macaturing a cut-off I'm not interested in Los Angeles fellows. I'm interested in how bad that is no worse than LA. Can you help me or not? You looked at me sadly gang wars tragic. He said but you don't read the papers 40 killed by a bomb one day 60 people found tortured in the next day 34,000 civilians killed her back by violence last year many times that amount of dying from an adequate health and other resources I Turned a sergeant Henderson this guy's a bummer. I said why not come up to my hotel room for a little distraction? He shook his head. I'm staying here on earth. He said I'm hoping you can go home now that the public is not listening to people like Back to the hotel room alone. Hey, that's exactly what happened in my last trip to Hollywood when I went there to pitch my smoke and movie idea Hot lonely can't get laid to save my life. I don't care what they say this town really is like LA says man-fulter That's cute in that cute 800 11 boats on the pole Oh god, no punches put on at the report no punches put. Maybe I read the rings again from a Friday for anybody who might have missed him Oh, they're taking us huh? Well, I'll see now we're rubbing it in but of course we're used to being number one in fact. That's just the way it is You get that bonus money and spite of the fact that these sports shows just sucked wind man You could hear those gigantic sucking sounds. It was unbelievable like a hurricane just rub it there was bad. No, I said just enjoy it 816 boats who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool. That's our poll today and we're gonna make our thousand What is that scooter Libby? What kind of adult calls it? You know, it has an nickname of scooter adult Phil Rosuto the scooter The scooter the scooter the scooter lady who the scooting lady now she wasn't the scooter now is it true that she was the guy with the eyes that was his mother If she was the same person as the tree lady because then she wanted that was his yes then yes Well, I wonder she died nearly death how very sad. Oh my god Who to trade it her for him? Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool? 816 boats the neocons two 70. They're winning hands down your pants the jurors been selected in the scooter. Let me trial her scooter like a Christmas bicycle and scooter The average American idle viewer 205 people watch poker on TV with one exception 80 See every time I do that I find out that somebody I know or like watches poker on TV and I've had I don't want to ripen too much, but it's I don't know. I'll have to find out what that's all about Think I care no The average American idle contest in 65 my space dot com members 54 but the few exceptions are some really nice people on there There are some nice people and then there are some people on there who are a very nice very nice My space dot com number 54 the average deputy Q and Sports Show color 54. We got a front foot in tie there. They're even Steven I hate this pool 45 5 and a percent of the average neo Rogers show color You got to admit they're not leaked by themselves most of them the average call on a show 43 this is the neo Rogers show Any questions You You Almost 300 dead wounded today as violent surges in Iraq I'm trying to this new surge is really working well isn't it the death of the body parts are all over the place And they have a difficult time counting how many people there are because they got to find a not body parts to figure it's like one whole person And we'll just pick and out you know one body part and count that one like left feet for example I see wait in here this story Although there might be a whole bunch of great calls on there, but there aren't that's good I like starting off Monday real easy easy into it But like I told you before the show today some people hate Mondays in fact how about blue Monday by fast tomorrow You got that okay, I'm in career records. I don't want to hear about hate I'm a good friend probably have it by a few other people too I don't want to hear by nobody else the fat man and tron fast domino baby heat a man You don't have it for some reason today coming up. I can't get it up this morning and of course in my case I told you I enjoy Mondays. I look forward to it Sex defend to reply for school as a boy Charter school alerted authorities to a 29 year old sex defender who tried to enroll there for 10 he was just 12 Now if you saw the picture on here, it's just It's just amazing and what you have officials said Friday may have been an attempt to lure children in sex abuse The Yavapai County this is in Phoenix Yavapai Phoenix sure self has also said Neil Havens Roderick the second Contomini was living with him having sex with inability. He was a young boy one of them 61 year old Lonnie Stiffler Called himself Roderick's grandpa when he tried Beware of those grand pies man when he tried to enroll him at Mingus Springs charter school as Casey price He's 29 if you start a picture you know how old he looks? 30 about 30 I would say I'm He's 12. This is the weirdest case I've seen in 18 years sure spoke some ensues and quails It if it wasn't so sad it would be funny, but it's sad it's pathetic A total of four men were in custody in the case Friday. I'm very astrarchs including fraud for jury identity theft and faded of register was a sex offender Officials of the Charter School in Chino Valley about 90 miles north west of Phoenix 12 deputies that papers the grandfather presented appeared to be fake and the boy looked the so-called boy looked much older than 12 Yeah, I would say 29 sounds realistic Stiffler Now let's see what what show ahead the or movie had a guy named Stiffler was that that there who hired by a reason American pie That's definitely yeah. That's that Canadian guy. What's his name you mentioned him on Friday? I don't know the actor with a glasses. Come on fill up see more hopping doesn't have names or something No, get out of here. You mentioned him on Friday not fill up see more hopping the skinny guy with a glasses will play daddy Oh, you'd love it Eugene. Love it. Yeah. Oh, what are you eating now group of fingers group or fingers how we I Didn't know groupers had fingers. It a little I'll meet no Stiffler and Robert James snow 43 we were very upset when they detected stole them They've been having a sexual relationship with a 29 year old man and not a free teen boy quail said Well, what does that mean? I don't get it go back. I'm this thumb Stiffler they thought that they he was a 12 year old kid and they were having sex with him When I found out he was 29 then it were upset about it I mean that that's a real pedophile. Okay, in other words Well, maybe it was really good. We enjoyed and had a wonderful time and he was really great in the sack But he ain't no 12 show me his idea and he was you know over and teen Dude The tentives have evidence that's different snow and rolled a lot of Rick and other Arizona schools and have notified long force Men those jurisdictions it was unfair whether Roddra can actually attend any schools But quail said I think what we're looking at is that he's being used to troll for other kids He's being used to troll How do you like that? I don't be trolling online or you know No Maybe the wacky one knows about troll online What is it? That's I mentioned on the air that were open for business on our my space page that We got unblocked What I said any morning I didn't email I was hoping was maybe from somebody else for the course I knew it wouldn't be it was from George And it said no that was very nice of you to tell me that they opened up our you know we were unblocked Now what what did the email say? That was it your account is unblocked Period. Yeah, so in other words, I did the big investigation after a totally Crazy person and insane person decided to toy and did it around with our my space page because he can't get off of there You know and of course this person was and who's the other one? I forget already Who was the one with the naked picture oh Ethan Ethan very good see what a member you got George I remember for it naked guys. Yeah, she said he takes us about your bit busy to on your group of fingers there Wigaface she said he takes us on interviews with the man that Rod ride convinced different snow that he was a boy after meeting him two years ago Guess where he met them boys and girls guess where he met them my space On the internet On the internet How do you like that Just if I'm again twice damn it well, it's because he's singing a little bit But he he he beats the beat well Rod racherly shaved his body here and used makeup to keep up the guys Oh Keep up the I wonder how you're spellin a G U Y S and L of Q to U Y S E Yeah keep up the guys That's what it called stiffa rug is Deputies who served a search warrant at a team of alley home Thursday found stiffers. No Rodric and Brian Jay Nellus 34 Quil said Ellis was apparently Rod Rice sell mate in Oklahoma prison where both served time for sex offenses Now what was I think about they were trolling I'd like what was that line trolling online? It's what said said Volca Bryant told me was trolling online There's the unsung hero of the human race all chicken egg baby who looks just like me and that one picture about 800 years ago People are fascinated with that picture. I am on how it was a monster in the business boy. I was fat Let me tell you my fat story. Okay, 185 today. Which you know may not sound I'm five nine. I should really weigh about 160 170 that I'd be spelled you realize I've only got 15 pounds to go. That's nothing. That's enough. Huh? That's nothing in the crans scheme of things in the grand scheme of my fat all the way can reach down I got a puppy here man. It's just and let me turn sideways looking to mirror back here I mean look at that picture Road task man Barney traveled since then Yeah, but that's in the neck that you didn't get up that's from the shoulders. This is just an easy thing. Oh, geez That neck weighs more than your whole body right now But the old neck yeah, I'm making that picture there Anybody that's got the mice facing just go on our from our main page there and just take a look at At the Reverend doctor, but the Reverend doctor. Both of Brian chicken that and it's my old picture I believe that's from WNWS That's like as bigger than most people's torses is it really I was at any rate when I teens 73 I'm working at WS PB in Sarasota And I'm way 266 pounds That's almost a hundred pounds more than I wait now 266 15 that's 81 pounds more than I wait now and you know something I'm looking at I'm feeling this big Spirit's higher. I got here on my pupic and I'm thinking of myself if I had anyone pounds more now Not only would I be in a box dead, but I would be really gruesome like that the Spazzing spaz from highly on our page there And all of a sudden I started waking up in the morning and I'm getting these bad headaches and like sweats You know on my forehead like a Diana over here and I was 1973 that was 33 years ago before so many of you punks out there were even born even more an idea 33 freaking years ago 34 years ago. What is it? 2007 when he got to remind me of these things So I go to the doctor and he takes my blood pressure and he says I'm gonna take it one thing if you don't lose a lot of weight real fast You're gonna be dead very soon. It's like that's exactly what now I said I was So I gave me the medication and I started I got on the straight narrow path at least a narrow part and I lost a hundred pounds in a year I did acens I did the stillman diet and I was pretty much the water diet, you know And then the What are they used to call the proteins sparing fast when I had that liquid protein? You know and you do a lot of water while they need peel off all the What What's wrong with peanut a lot nothing but those the body is seventy five percent water weight man If you can keep peanut all day it's not too bad. Oh, those drinks could they've been good? Oh, yeah, and another great poll from this this is I got news for a Sean our poice for out there You got you got some stiff competition here. I think this must be from stiffer Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now wow that is a phantains got a long list a beautiful list 875 votes on the pool So anyway, I weighed the 2606 I get down in a year to 170 pounds so that's four pounds shy is 96 pounds not bad Not better though And then I started eating and I had all these you know like normal size clothes You know I had in fact we had a trade out of some clothing store on Palm Beach. This was a Jane and always palm And we had a trade out with a clothing store and of course that was Bob Bill Remember when Bill tool called when we went on S. U.N. and Tampa and Bill tool called in my ex boss He used to wear those line green floor to pants in the whole deal. Yeah And the boy did he he ever scan that place. I mean, well, I shouldn't say scam he yeah That's a bad choice of words. He yeah, you know, how lot of trade out. So let's put it that way Yeah, he used it as best he could and anyway, so he got me the trade out for clothes and that all these really nifty Because when you're slimming you're not a fat cow eating. We're like really good looking clothing They don't make good looking clothes for fat people. You were like a potato sack And I started eating and you know and Bill called her in his wife and I would go out for dinners and pasta and this and then and before you know It's a close start feeling right tight. You know that I'm really tight And I started building up again. I think by the time I got to I would be I was about 240 if yeah, so I gained like most of it back Do you most of it back? You can't do it. That's really disgusting. You know our good friend Chris here used to be much Fatter than he had our fat warrior Well, I bought about two heavier you were what 35 pounds heavier and how much you wait now about 255255 and you're what five one five 10 Five 10's are a little hardening way 255 you're a cow man and you still wait two 90. Yeah, about that Woo now if you're gonna have blood pressure That BBs nope you will if you don't cut the crap you gotta be bad. Well, you know no pizza no pasta no ice cream no caves No candy no cookies no nothing man. You're gonna be very unhappy person Oh, hey, let me get it advice to all my people out there all my folks do not get fat all over a lot of you it's a little bit too late Because that be this is one of the most not a very happy deal, you know How do you know on ice cream me? Well, because it's so hard. You know, it's in those containers That makes a difference when you knew could doesn't cut the fat content down. Yeah, you can pretend it does Hey, no no crap for me for like I forget how many days in a row now aren't you proud you ought to be a little bit proud I am very proud one 85 and still live very proud I'll meet him written 79 votes on the pool. We got a thousand-lick easy I'm waiting for the big telegram from the measly saying wonderful work you old fat fag and George Beyond the banana republic baby only in Miami Domino's the makers of Brooklyn style pizza introduces a new dish from the old country Domino's I'm a style pizza Jevadaya. What has though in thyme hand? It's pizza is EQ with slices so large that must fold it What brother Jevadaya holding is the devil's work Domino's I'm a style pizza is a centuries old recipe. This never changed What toppings has though where I'm is and thus only allow to eat brains jamanos I'm a style pizza pick up the phone and you know Check us out on the web and Of course, let's drive on down as this necklace And that bond raising I raise a powerful hunger when shall the pizza do deliver hey barely java daya It's the be here and two to four weeks for this free jamanos I'm a style pizza answer the demand or it's domino's it's 1118 at five six to that's one of the things that you really can't deal with You have it to give up when you dive at it and that's pizza Oh for me. It's I got it to toppings when I get pizza I yeah, I eat the topping before you know like the papi ruling and stuff like that you didn't have the papi ruling all I choose But don't eat the crust There are a few things more dangerous than crust especially if it's like and you're underwear a lot of it So here's an interesting facts for one of our chronics it says caught a few minutes of the Sid Rosencrans burger Rustin show on Sunday and time to hear him say on Sunday This should mend Rick this big shot from the I'm sure when the York is working on Sundays In time to hear him say that you're now the 300 pound gorilla and getting thin and every day Which means he's glued to this show and listen to right now I said go and said see you back in the city. He'll be back there before you know it It says I kid you not that we did praise you as one of the all-time grates. He says it's his time now It's his time now with that incredible two point oh sure What does he have a lot of our aroma It says it rose expensive bird squadcio From my liking Not only have we got a bunch of pumps who don't know anything about sports, but we got some really dumb guy in there too. I hate to break the news to you man. Let's get the Yiddeloss back. That's what we need. Now let's see, what's that schedule like today? We got any K on. Yes we do. Let's hear it for any K. See, not only did he come back, but now he doesn't have to stay up to like two, three, clock, and a morning before he can go to Ben. He might get out and time to actually hit the strip bars. Let's see, we got the Mad Dog at two, power our Hank into Mad Dog together. See, that's another reason we're having like a little bit of problems in there and he have to notice that we never have the main people on. They never on. There are people who just don't go to work at all, you know what I'm saying? I know, I wish I was one of them. I want you to say that. Don't you love being here every day? Come on, in minute. I love doing the show. How's that? The rest of, I would agree with you. I second that emotion. We love doing the show. We love the audience. Some more than others, by the way. But it's just one of those. Don't like being here in this building, in this city, in this state. And in that building with some of those people. 113 on my space. 113 on my. I should mention it though because quite a one of my broadcasting expert, Maven's in plantation. And then if I talk too much about the my space, we're going to be done in a couple of months. We're going to be all done. You know, it's amazing when people get together and they talk behind your back to your, I know. This is the only thing. Oh, though we're good friends now because we both like front two, four, two. So in other words, my close personal friend, Dave and you are like, online, see what's out of my space brings people. We're going to come in on it. I don't know why you hold a grudge so badly, just because it's the way I am. I don't believe it for given us. I believe in justice. Oh, see, I made you a couple of friends on there already. So you ought to be real happy about it. As soon as somebody in your state of mind. 898 votes were on the precipice of 900. You ever been right on the precipice? Just this morning? Yeah, I feel like you're right now. Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool? Neocons, 290. Oh, wolfowitz and Bill Crystal and Schmendrick Lewis, who's the other one? Richard Pearl, that's probably a... The average American idol viewer, 225. And those two are like, way above everybody else. People who watch Polk around TV 90. Most, not all, most, almost all. The average American idol contest in 70, myspace.com members 65. Now, come on, now we got some really nice people on there. We really do. It's amazing. How many people has festered the ones that are kissing my ass like you wouldn't believe? But listening since I was like 10 years old, I'm 110 now and stuff like that. And they're very nice. The average American idol contest in 70, I already did that one. The average QM sports show call for 59. I hate this pool, 52, 5.7%, and the average New Yorker show call for 47. Pose a real great threat to the human gene pool. The one good thing is that most of those people will not be reproducing. They'll be reproducing much. If you catch my good, very good. WQM, hello. But disappeared real fast. WQM, hello. I'm, I'm, I'm a little bit disappeared. And let's try the other one online. That's right. That was good to be. Look at that. They all got the phone jammed up each other. Like that. And the cords a little bit too tight. A drug resistant bacteria that's infecting wounded US soldiers in Iraq and has spread the civilian hospitals in parts of Europe. Accidentally evolved in US military hospitals in Iraq. Wired magazine reports in a massive exposat yesterday according to Rosh Story. A massive exposat. Wait till we get to the name of this bacteria. I shouldn't even try reading it. Oh, the several thousand word exposat is going to bring uncomfortable new light to the bacteria. As soon a vector, a cinnado bacter. I got that one right. A cinnado bacter. A bomb an eye. What were the usually that Pentagon officials previously said was likely a product that be a racky soil. What a mess of botania they're making over their man. By creating the most heroic and efficient means of saving lives in history of warfare. The Pentagon has accidentally invented a machine and it's a bad machine, man. For accelerating bacteria, the illusion was air lifting the pathogens halfway around the world. The magazine says, I've got to look into that whole thing. What magazine is it? Why are the did it? Why are the why? I feel the I feel a little wired to the right now. I know. I know three on the pole we're getting there, man. We are we're going to do it. You're going to see. What did I say last Wednesday? I felt we had turned the corner. That's what you said. And then on Thursday, in Thursday, the numbers came out, and we found it on Friday. We're here, number one. Werner 1. You can get our legs crossed. Our eyes crossed. Our fingers crossed. Our earlobes crossed. You know, the one of the worst things about getting old and everything good about it. One of the worst things is all the hair that grows in your ears. Oh, yeah. I've been discovering that little by little. Even you. I've got the electric shabr thing, but I've got the three-four days. I pull them right out of there. And then of course, I also have to shave. They do have those things that you're sticking your ear, and I'm not talking about what you're thinking about. But they have those little... You're... Right, look, yeah. Like that. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That'll be a lot easier than trying to stick that big shabr thing in there. It's sticking your ear. I've been told to do that, and now I'm doing it. I'm very obedient. I follow directions very well, okay. You'll see how obedient I can be. I'll depending on who's given the directions. Just the way I am in my advanced age. 903 on a pool. Rocky, cool of Edo. I hear some of this stuff, man. You whatever reminds me of that restaurant. The restaurant pays remember that when Defoe was on. And I find out over the weekend that Defoe is still on from 5 to 7 in the morning over there. Against the big... Oh, that's the same big over that eight. Oh, point three in December. Uh-oh. And how come nobody gave us the five to seven A and breakout with all those and stages on C is current. So everything is here to see you offer another one of these. So I saw them basketball games. Well, I got a basketball game tomorrow night, but it, I guess it's a home game. Cains in Virginia Tech. That should get a huge tune in audience. Cains basketball. How many people go to those games? About third man. Just like the Panther games. For the life of me, you ought to see the article of Damien Castro in the Toronto Star, just ripping the Panther organization and South Florida and the Panther fans all five of them just ripped them in ass and deservedly so. I mean, the last last week you can't call it a crowd. You know, when there's a couple of people on the street court, it'll call it a crowd. When the place is more than half empty, you don't call that a stinking crowd. And about half of the people on Thursday were Lee fans anyway. And it seems to me, final score was Toronto 3 and Florida 2. Even though the least we've heard of the Foremon Saturday against the penguins, but that's the way it goes, you know. Can't win them all. Just like the Patriots last night. Do I feel bad about that? Of course, I feel a little bit better with the nice to win other Super Bowl. I make the Delphan fans eat more junk. But just one of those things. Now it's the Bears and the Colts. And you know what I'm going to be rooting for? The Bears. How about you, Chris? Let's go Colts. You know, is there anything about Chris that we like? Well, let's stop and think about this. Is there anything we like to urge? Think of, we're off to anyone after the break. We'll see if either one of us. We'll see if we can possibly win. I'm going to win. Do you want? As you play here. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. All right. Go this out. I'll stop after my break. On my mind. I'll stop after my break. I'll stop after my break. I'll stop after my break. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Hob rabra who would not love the night? Get up, kids, and get up, and get up, you know the road fell down. It's all voice. Up the button. Back to them. Hell. It damn their children. 1132, 28 till noon. At 5. 16. Somebody is sending email and it was a very, very perspicacious observation at their point. You know how a lot of that one guy has put those whammy clips to come from those horrible old whammy shows. And he's put them on there from you. Yeah. On my space page. And he said, and watching those, it may be realized how Joyce is just basically cut your balls off and the stuff that you could play and do back then. And that was still on QA and that was back in the big and that was BJ. BJ. Which I mean, what a lot of you are thinking. It means before Joyce. Pretty good reason by the way. Yeah. Who got understand if there was actually some call for that. But there isn't. No, because no, there is a reason. That's because she hates us like, Oh yeah, yeah. I mean, she finds that. I could be for like I've told him before she's done everything to be an impediment to my success and throw an every road block in my way and in spite of that, Joyce. Number one. Yeah, take that and put it up your bag, honey. Okay. Stick it right in the old bag. And squeeze it a couple of times for old time, say, squeeze it for me, bitch. Two Hollywood teenagers arrested and charges. They stole nearly $50,000 worth of computers in equipment from Sheridan vocational technical department. And they stole them on the street police said today. I wonder how much? One of the teams was identified. By the way, this computer, I should really get you one, but you keep telling me it does make any difference. Or mine is this one won't burn discs and the hell in problem all the time. Maybe I will the less. Since I'm being so generous these days, I got that nice fat bonus. This H.P. What is it again? I don't know what you're saying. 72, 20 slimline. No, it's a slimline. Oh, look. See those. Those are fantastic. They look very nice, lightning. And they were very, very nice. And it's a beautiful thing. I forget it wasn't that expensive either. I'm going to get you one and send it to you. Well, Jay, we can identify this one. If I send it there will be a little bit quicker than the facts machine that I said like a week and a half ago and it still is no up to up. The business is, I ordered a cable. So who knows, maybe in two weeks? Why? Well, this should be pretty easy to hook up because if I can hook it up. I'm telling you, my old age had become a technical wizard here. I freaking genius. 922 votes on the poll. We're going to have been there a thousand by noon after a very slow start. And that's because everybody last night's watching to play off big games, man. They're watching to play off. Can I get back to the thing about the computer before I decide I'm going to spend any more money on you? Yeah, get back to it. One of the teams was identified by the police. His crisp deferred Christian, 18 of Lawdohill. I wonder if he was a good Christian. Oh. The other was identified only as a 17 year old student at the school. Police said the pair broke in a short and vocational about 3.30 in the morning on January 13. I guess not lucky day for those kids. They forced their way into a lot of classroom made off of large container on wheels. Inside more than 25 laptop computers and associated a hardware poll, he said. Police used video surveillance taken in the school to track down Christian. Beware of those Christians, baby. I'm telling you right now, they'll burn you ass alive. Christian later led the Texas to the other team. The storm computers restored on the streets, but the hell about it still runs out much. Because if it was like nice and cheap, maybe I get one of those. Instead, there's a HP for fit in 7220, which is an outstanding computer. I recommend it highly. Highly salassi, baby. I recommend it enthusiastically. And with no reservations. Is this safe as symbols? 920 votes on the pool. I'm pretty impressed myself. I know you don't get impressed by that. It's like a challenge, baby. Everybody enjoys a little bit of a challenge. Yeah. It's a challenge. Not tried. And you'll be pleased to know that I got up at 630 this morning. I don't ever get out of bit of 630 anymore. And if for anything. And I woke up at 6... Well, I said, I woke up at 5. I was always always crucial to listen to this. They say, in China, what word does that mean? It means I always slept out. But I've never heard that turn before. I always stood up at a school. I'm going to sleep. Oh yeah. That's never heard that turn before. I always stood up at a school. Please don't. I... I always loved this fuk by eat and shed anguish. If you had learned her License vision before, it's that line of fry villains. In their inner sense ofaboution is my domain of thought, that's what they say. I think you all don't get mad at their vision or it shaded that a lot of things to it. Dispen, explain in an instant for all the things you said was true. Well, because of you these times here. I stood up at 630, and I finally read all the readings and I subscribed at 530, it was the strongestoty for people to believe in. And the modesty or the anime would be the drama. So the manga ends up erying into 2 weeks later and the anime should be long accepted. And when I read it said 0. I kind of like me a lot. Frank Rich writes, he's one of my favorite comments, and I think maybe I have time for this before, but I don't. So like I said, I'm going to get to the, anyway, Florida State created insure of life reserve, we'll pay almost a million dollars, the settler lawsuit that led to a former executive took bribes, the steered business to adjusters. So many crooked people out there are legit. Citizens in property insurance court by now is no wrong to infight it when a degree to pay 950 grand to Houston based universal risk insure insure services to settle the suit, was spent from financially devastating 24, hurricane season. Universal lived it was fired in 2004 because it did not make payments to the, then Citizens in Chief Operating Officer R. Paul Hughes, whatever his name is, Hossabush. Hossabush. That's his name, H.U.L.S.E. B.U.S.C.A. Tossabush. The company claimed that it had learned Hossabush extended, at least 25 grand and goods as a bribe from another adjuster who then won a contract and claims for citizens. Hossabush resigned shortly after the allegations that made September 2005 he has not been charged with a crime. He didn't return a full message like yesterday as Pennsylvania home by the A&P. He's thinking about calling back when they see a line of laws. Perry Cone, who, what are he's kind of Marty? Citizens in general counsel said it was less expensive to settle the case than the continuing fighting in court. Universal sought $4.6 million in damages. We just don't have enough information out of no definitive whether wrong during my others did or did not occur at Cone. The company said a macy damages of criminal charges are ever brought in the case. Citizens spoke to him, Rocky's spot. I wonder what ever happened to Rocky Raccoon? What was the guy's name? Achevowski. Achevowski. Not Rocky. Rocky, you know who I'm talking about? He used to be a guest on my show back in May when I had those boring guests on here. Who's a two school teacher in Dave County? Sorry. Rocky, oh my God. I bet you're somebody out there might know but probably not. Rocky, the Flori squirrel. That's the one. Citizens spoke to him, Rocky's got said Universal's adjusted contract with the police. He was taken away from the company because it was unable to buy the handle claims given to it during the 2004 storms. Universal's executives did not return a phone message left to their headquarters on Sunday. And by the way, there's almost no snow on the ground. It's the 22nd of January. After there's any such thing as global warming you understand. I know it's the, uh, one of the El Nino, baby at cell Nino. That's what they say. A lot of it's only new and a lot of it's global warming. Minus seven, I have no idea what that is. What is that about? Like 20, uh, yeah. I've heard 20 something degrees of Fahrenheit. Not too toasty. But there's almost no snow very little. There were no stuff as well as what's frozen over for Monday. When we had about an inch. Of course today is Monday and I do have about an inch. 930 votes on the pool. 9 what? About 30 man. We'll get close to that thousand before two shapes of your, uh, hemhawk. Two shapes of a lamb tail my ass. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. A man attempts to investigate the disappearance of two people. But he is hindered by a lower intestinal problem. I'm gonna say my wife. You won't want to miss random fart. Anyway, the runoff is edge of your seat tension for obvious reason. Oh, where did that come from? I'm sorry. Anyway, your husband ran them fast. He part of all your nose to a theater area. Oh, boy. Hello. Okay, that's the question. There's Queen Elizabeth the truth that he ever fart. And of course the obvious answer is, uh, a lot of problems. And you oil an artist cuisine. The royal fart. That's why they have those expressions on their faces. Racky, raising. How do you like that? Never heard of it. What though would you know about that? Nothing. Here's more of a message. Just south of us 19 Swedish named after him in the Shenandoah area says you're buddy Moishi. Well, how do you like that? I knew he knew something. Rocky Waysen. He's got a street named after him. Well, he's not dead then, is he? Do a Canadian street say after living people I don't think so. I'm not going to share this. They can do anything they weren't through. But we have a man who likes breast weight. Is he alive? I said living people. Oh, I mean, brains in a job. Yeah, brain dead doesn't count. Oh, no. Where is that though there it is? Yeah, why are those best personal friends there? Very sad. Frank Witt says lying like it's 2003. Those who forget history may be doomed to repeat it, but who could imagine we'd already be in danger of replaying that rotten year 2003. Scooter Libby, the mastermind behind the one houses bogus scenarios for a jing up the war in Iraq, is back at Washington's center stage, probably defending the indefensible in a purgory trial. Ahmed Chalemy, the Pembaer of Flood People in Teldon's Height by Mr. Libby, is back in Clover and Baghdad, where he purportsfully the government she eyed Bathurst reconciliation efforts in between visits to his pal, Machmoud Ahmed Indigyad in Iran. I love saying that Machmoud Ahmed Indigyad. I don't know how to make it. I'd throw a tingle when I say that. Last but never least is Mr. Libby's former boss of Mr. Chalemy's former patron, Dick Cheney, who's back on Sunday morning TV, floating fictions about Iraq and accusing administration critics of Aiding Al Qaeda. When the vice president went on a tear like this in 2003, Hawking Iraq's not existing WMV and not existing connections to Mahamadaata, he set the stage for war that now kills Iraqi civilians and rising numbers 34,000 plus last year, and then are heading into the genocidal realms of Sodom. Mr. Cheney's latest series pisses for a new plan for victory, promising an even bigger blood bath. Mr. Cheney was honest, at least when he said that the White House's Iraq policy would remain on full speed ahead, no matter what happened on November 7. Now it's our patriotic duty, politicians and depression, the public light to apply the breaks. Our failure to check the administration went right into Iraq in 2003 will look even more shameful to history if we roll over again for a reboot in 2007. For all they believed in Washington scrutiny of the Worsons' the election, and for all the hero to their so-farse and ballacongration efforts to challenge it, too much lip services still being paid into the deceptive PR strategies used by the administration as so-it's reckless policies. This time in must-do what too few did the first time, call the White House on its lies, lie should not be confused with you from his and lie to incompetence in denial. By the way, can I interrupt my reading? It's a long article. Okay. So you'd send me something to Eric thought out why I won't print that thing on there. I don't know. There was something in the forums in the, what are we going to call it, the technical issues? There's a hokey, so I hope you said the focus. Yeah, I said either, link to it, but I didn't read it. I'm not going to read that. Technical level, I know about it. I got Eric. I don't want to read. And by the way, Eric, what is aim? Aim is that A well in some way, towards to this injury. I'm not going on that. That's poison. I'm going to be an invited to check that out, but I think I'm going to call it because A well is equal. No. What's your hate words? Crap, macaroni and cheese are A well. They're all in there together with Walbert. Mr. Cheney's performance last week on Fox News Sunday illustrates the problem. His lying is nowhere near its last throws. Aspect Chris Wallace about the White House's decision to overrule commanders who recommended against a two-pice collision, the vice president said, I don't think we've overrule the commanders. He claimed we've made enormous progress in a Mac. He said the administration is not imbattle. What made me that one is denial. This White House gained a so-practice in lying with a straight face that never thinks twice about recycling its greatest hits. Our zephyr Mr. Cheney's Fox News. If you present in Bush was on 60 minutes, claiming that before the war, everybody was wrong on weapons and mass destruction. And that the minute we filed out that WMD didn't exist, he was the first to say so. Everybody, of course, was not wrong on WMD starting with UN weapons and special team in Iraq. Nor was Mr. Bush the first to come clean once the truth became apparent after the invasion. On May 29, 2003, two days after a secret defense intelligence-ease-spots admission found no biological weapons and traitors captured by the American forces. Mr. Bush declared, we found the weapons and mass destruction, we found biological laboratories. Right. But that's all that we do on the under the bridge. The most important lies to watch for now are the new ones being reiterated daily by the administration's top brass from Mr. Cheney and Mr. Cheney on down. UNFESCO awaits America when everyone in the White House is reading a news in from the same official script as they did back at the day when mushroom clouds and uranium from Africa with the daily drumbeat. The latest lies are custom made to prop up the new way forward that is anything but. Among the emerging examples, as we were writing in the history of a Ratchwick terrian violence, the official version was initially laid out by Mr. Bush in a January 10 prime time speech, and since then repeated on television by both Mr. Cheney and national security advisors Steven Hadley, last Sunday in by Mr. Bush again on PBS News Hour Tuesday. It goes like this. Secretary and violence didn't start spabbling out of control until the summer of 2006 after Sunni Terri respond to golden mosque in Samara and forced the Shiites to take revenge. But as Mark Sybel of Manhattan newspapers noted last week, the president's account understands by at least 15 months. When Shiite describes began targeting Sunni politicians and clerics that were visible in embryo long before that, the times among others reported as far back as September 2003 that Shiite militants would be coming more radical, more dangerous in anti-American. Like us, anti-American. The reason's most of which pretends that Shiite killing started only last year are obvious enough. He wants to duck cup ability for favoring to recognize the sectarian violence from the outset. Much as he failed to recognize the Sunni insurgency before it, and to one of the fact that the interactability of the civil warred with Sunni will not sacrifice fresh American flesh. And equally big lies. Immunistrations constantly claim that it's on the same page as Prime Minister Nuri Al-Malikki as we go full speed ahead. Only last month, Mr. Malikki told the Wall Street Journal that he wished he could be done with his role as a rise leader before the end of this term. Now, we're asked to believe not merely that he's a strong man capable of evangishing the death squads of the anti-American cleric, noctaut Al-Sauder, his political ally, but also that he can be trusted to produce the troops he failed to supply last year's failed Baghdad crackdown. Yet as recently as November, there still wasn't a singular racket with having capable of fighting on its own, not Uno. Hardly a day passed without Mr. Malikki mocking the White House's professed faith in him. And the past week or so alone he's presented over a second botched hanging, despite delaying it for more than two weeks to put in place new guidelines, charged County Rice with giving a morale boost to the terrorist because he criticized him. In overworld American objections to a point an obscure commander from deep in she eye territory to run the Baghdad's surge. His government doesn't even try to hide its way to religions to Iran. Mr. Malikki's former minister is asked for the release of the five Iranian-futurated and American raid on an Iranian office in Northern Iraq this month, and on Monday, called for setting up more Iranian consultants in Iraq. The president's pretense that Mr. Malikki and his inept ill-equipped militia infiltrated security forces can advance American interest in this war is never chamberlin' like in its naïve to end disingenuousness. Ooh, I love that. It's naïve to end disingenuousness. Both of them? In American military official and Baghdad, read the writing on the wall to the times last week, we're implementing a strategy to withhold a government that is actually part of the problem. We are being played like a pawn. That's why the most destructive lie of all may be the White House's constant refrain that its doom strategy is the only one anyone is proposed. Administration Critist Mr. Cheney said last Sunday, nothing to offer in its place is if the Iraq steady group Johnworth and Joe Biden must have got plans among others, didn't predate the White House's own. In reality, we're learning peace by peace that the White House has no plan. Ms. Rice has now downsized the surge escalation into an augmentation inadvertently devolving how the Pentagon is improvising, Dougman's small diplomas and fits in starts. No one can plausibly explain how a parallel-trained command sending American and Iraqi troops into urban street combat side by side will work with Iraqis in the lead and report to a committee led by Mr. Malaki or how a billion dollars in New American reconstruction spending that will accomplish what the 30 billion thrown down the green and previous reconstruction spending did not. But third of them. All of this replaced 2003 when the White House refused to consider any plan, including existing ones in the Pentagon on the State Department, bureaucracies for coping with a broken post-Sautomarack. Then is it every stage of the war since then the only administration plan was for a propaganda campaign to ban Boisle American voters into believing that victory was just around the country. The next push on the way forward propaganda campaign rise tomorrow night with the State of the Union, Chris. While I'm sure I'm going to miss that. I wouldn't watch it if he paid me by the millisecond. The good news is that the Democrats have chosen Jim Webb, the new Virginia Senator, to give their official response, Mr. Webb a Reagan administration Navy Secretary and the father of a son currently serving in Iraq has already provoked a testy exchange about the war with the president of the White House reception for the United States. He's the kind of guy likely to keep a scorecard of the lies on Tuesday night. Whether he does or not, it's incumbent on all those talking heads for a fell for a shock and awe and mission accomplished in 2003, not till at history we paid itself in 2007, facing the truth as the only way forward intermacts as Frank Rich in the New York Times yesterday. You go Frank, baby. A great American, if you ask me. So who died that 71 year old actor from a whatever show that was that didn't watch Ron Kerry from Bernie Miller and other people. I mean, is that disrespectful when a guy dies and he was on that show and I said, I hated that show. I didn't watch it. I like it. You like Bernie Miller back there? Yeah. Was that the show with a guy with a mustache, lint, how old Linden, yeah? Oh, hate that. Cornball, hell, and he's like a throwback to those back in the day, the old and times. Like an 18-end, like Rudy Valley. 947 votes, but it's slow down a little bit on here because now that we've, you know, assumed the thousand which will make easy, but see though they are, I mean, if you like them like, like, remember the beginning of the godfather of course you do the puppets on the stream that's strange. Who's holding the stream is? It's one thing to be manipulated, but a damn well better feel good. 948 votes, who posted greater threat to the human gene pool? Neocons 304. Hubman Dread is a say in Finland, why sure love how stinky man I love them. The average American idol viewer 241, those are the only two, like even above 100. How about Neocons, why do American idol? People who watch poker on TV 95 away, sorry, yes. Poker Brian just reminded me. Chickenekia, yeah, that Ron Kerry was junior. As in. Get the money, Junior. Oh, that's who that was. I thought the name was familiar. He was good. Yeah. You love bread. I like bread. You love bread. That's right. Thank you, Poker Brian. Yeah, thanks you, I took an eye. My mind. People who watch show, I've been in our read that again. The average American idol kid, what? I don't want to get anybody aggravated. It's just one of those things. You know me, I'm just to say, ask us here. The average American idol contest in 74, myspace.com members 67 with many, many exceptions. The average WQM, a sports show collar 65. I hate this full 54 and the average near-river show collar 49. So our collar is as infrequent and as grotesque as so many of them are. They got the sports nerd collar's beat. Our sports nerd collar's match. Say a few words every now and then. But it's pretty much. Well, what do you think about Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy? And what about that? No good. The next save in a me out of your neck. Now is that thing you told me before to show is that a secret or what? I don't know. I'm about the big promotion. I'm better not saying it. Because every time I open up a month, not that I care about me, but I don't want to get your Anson, how water goes down here. Oh, there are those Georgia way, mean they don't care. I don't want to say it. I don't care. I don't care. I'm a hot water. I didn't say that to get a check. It's only a couple of grandads. I'm in $1. So you tell me that Chris Lothys Republican, he hates the patriots. He's rooting for the cults and sadly paid man. He's one of the most anxious, but he does tip the delivery guy for the food. That's right. He hates fags too, that I'm listening to. Great. And this show. Boy, that's this boss. I think this is not going to be a good thing. That was intentional. Just testing it honestly. It's also going to happen a lot from now on. Another we find out where your true colors are. What about 380? We got some fat people in that building voice. And then the thing I got over there. Yeah, fat people are great. How unusual. People at SID on a RASL they like me. During this break I'm going to get up and run around a couple of times. You believe me? No, no chance. You're living from the 7 to QM10. This is great equipped. Wherever I shape levels, I listen to the healer riders who will pull one hour back. Screw you! This is story of a coach named Nick Sade. He is the guy who just inserted the dolphin. She does a care word of people my call him. He's something other than him. Into the dolphins, carpens. It didn't take long. On the truth side. He was gonna leave. And coach Grinson's eyes. You're fair. Whenever he was asked about it, he always lies. We watched Nick pick the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. So long, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. So long, take the money and run. And on the sidelines, he's next to bit head. With team and now they're feeling so flat. I wonder what Wayne has in go really pissed of that. The dolphins I was thinking, chip and dick is a rat. Every excuse Nick gets all he even sounds lame. A whole lot of money. Two coach would fall games. And if it was you, you know that you do the same. I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel anything. Go on, take the money and run. So long, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. So long, take the money and run. Take the money and run. That's your food. Bye, Nick. And who cares, you know. So that promotion would tell me about sounds really, oh man, that should do it. When you think you're going to put Kenny in the boat right over the top, I would think so. I have no idea. So now it's toast ideas. I would you tell me. I think he's going to be toast pretty soon. That's the rumor. What is his story anyway? See, like pretty good guys here. I don't know if the had maybe maybe five words with him. Come on. I'm telling you. Toast? Yeah. Where do we know him from? We'll see one of those other shows. So if he's named up for breakfast food, it must be for day haul and run. Oh, old Paul and each you run. They did okay. They had a pretty good number in there on Friday. Hey, listen, I give the, I don't make up stories. Okay, some of these people in this market have been doing for years. Oh, like, you know, like, from now on, I'd be telling a lot of steering the hell he did, you know. One of the first things to hump or told me about for about when he came on here with us. He's a liar. That's what the hump or something. Okay. He said he's a freaking liar. That was, that's what he said, I'm out of them. I think you're about to listen one way or the other. By the way, good job on our license there, Scott. Nine average of 70 votes on the poll. This is the half hour we go over a thousand. I told him we'd easy into it. And I said, then we had only like six something when we started. I believe. Did you see the single about alien Rodriguez? No, there's a thing. Only about I cannot stand him, man. I think back to those alien days, man. He was just a professional, a Julio during those days. Him and Ricky Tickey says, who was on CNN last night as my channel as my channel switch real fast. Yeah, lucky you. It's on automatic pile of one. Ricky Sanchez comes out and moved to the next channel. When C. G. S. for anchor, Elliot Rodriguez was sued for divorce by his wife for 13 years, who then argued that a judge should award her a bigger cut of their assets. He reluctantly made a decision to put him in a very small fraternity. Rodriguez, 50, decided to ask for alamony. Any relation, George? I'm sorry. What is that? Like 42 million Rodriguez isn't Florida. I know, once I'll put on a time a long time ago, there was one Rodriguez and he was very busy. What does that mean? Oh, I see another example you all came from. Yeah, that's right. Ah, yeah. Despite loss in Florida, decided to be Tuesday. He's going to take alamony. What a true love. What the hell does that mean? That sounds like something you're discussing and perverted. It sounds like something in high line. Disgusting, but not perverted. Oh. Despite loss in Florida, decided to reduce divorce to a matter of numbers and all night, the influences of age old gender biases. Few men ever seek alamony lawyers say, and even fewer ever get it. And the alamony either. Whether it's fragile male, ego or the continuing disparity in incomes between men and women, and the absence of any studies where it's left to theorize, and then don't go after the money the losses they can have. A lot of lawyers feel uncomfortable even asking for alamony, even if the men are entitled because it's a very tough, wrote-to-hosted pound and pay for security and through line-off. They know a lot of judges raise their eyebrows at it. However, as women increasing the outpace there has been some earnings, the percentage of women who earned more jump from nearly 18 percent in 1987, to more than 25 percent in 2004 than number of men receiving alamony will surely rise. When you look at the stats of where people make money, it's in a small business, and most small businesses are owned by women. Says for Rense, a countler, but a fabricant who currently has two cases, in which there has been to be seeking alamony. She says she wants up the West Palm Beach husband when 10 grand a month in support. I'll take it. I don't need it, but I'll take it. I'll take whatever they're given. I'll take that bonus money too, by the way. Thank you. Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? Will you be able to do that? No, I do. Now, do you think it's possible, what's it eight to eight to eight? Twenty-second? Yeah, then in about a month, I could lose another 15 pounds. And that shouldn't be hard at all. So it's possible, but you know. But what? I mean, don't set your goal so high that if you don't make it, you'll be all crushed and go eat some ice cream. Mmm. This year, a family can't consult her with a woman who had a big and the recent real estate boom after calculating how much it would cost her, the woman who started not to divorce her husband. It's going to become more prevalent as more and more women escalate in their professions fabric can't be seen. As co-increord the 530 PM newscast and an Emmy winning reporter, Rodriguez Irons 300 grand a year. His wife, the innovation anchor, Maria Elena Elena Salinas. Did I say that right? Maria Elena Salinas? Sure. Fifty-one? Two-quattalunal. I'm sure I'm doing a tag-in-out. Irons were, say, the numbers are so similar. You know, I get all confused, but that's all I can say in Spanish or a tag-in anyways, a few numbers. I've seen a few good numbers. She runs more upward at two million a year with a 60-rand amount available for expenses he's saying, hopefully. She runs two million a year. He's making a tag-in. This isn't bad for a puts like him. What's wrong with you? I'm 300 grand a year. Oh, I'll take it like a better if my wife earned two million a year or something, whatever the hell she makes. More of an nasty divorce that would be. The couple lost the ones they am, very hasty one, two, the couple lost those at four bedroom, 39, square foot, thousand-core-gables. And a 2000-square-foot condo and keep his skin together, they've added over 2-point-one million. Do you know what's on the mail? Let there miss any meals until that. No. Rodriguez City would happily settle for an even split of their ass sets, but his wife who left on mothers day and filed for divorce argued that she had contributed more to their thing, and therefore was in town with a more, she also asked for child support. Rodriguez, if we'd both should support their two daughters and that is why she could get the house and cold-gables if he got paid for his hat. He's now living in the couple's condo and faces mortgage tax and maintenance fees of 5500 each month he says. Those condo commandos will get your ass man if you don't watch out. He also argued that he was in town of Alamoni and turned his feet to maintain the mirror to lifestyle. That's when things got a little bit ugly. His lower earnings is why kind of Rodriguez-own-lake of ambition. His lower earnings is why I said, where due to his own lack of ambition, are you laughing at Elliott Rodriguez now? What is wrong with you, man? It sounds so insensitive. That is so cash. That's when things got a little bit ugly. His lower earnings is why kind of Rodriguez-own-lake of ambition. I don't know like that. That sounds like a little bit of a common name. That's cool. Right in the heart, right in the middle of the back, right in the soul or a plexus. Also, it's a bit that I'm able to. And here's something I think we could play there for our Zones to get the best numbers on the stage. You know, let's try it for the fans. Our position is that once they're divorced, there's simply no need to slowly, this is attorney, Bruce Christians, and Elliott Rodriguez is not an alamoni. When it makes 200 grand a year, it can support himself like everybody else making 300 grand a year. I remember what I made 200 grand a year. You know what that was? Well, the time ago, the first year I OD, I shouldn't be talking about how much money I'm making because then there are people, you know, clean-ons, come out of the woodwork. So we used to, so we used to know that we had a lot of money. We used to do a career. If anything, she argued it constantly criticized during complaint. The only reason that Thorsten didn't further advance to Zones' career was due to his lack of desire to do so so he used to the attorney's road. We're lucky to be cast as a posterboard for alamoni. Rodriguez explained the instructions he gave you as attorneys. I said, look, I'm a journalist. What I do for living is gather information. I've gathered the information. In this case, you can give it all to all of you very high price lawyers. Now, please apply to my case and let me move on. He said, until I find myself a middle of this legal battle that I don't want to be part of. That's what your buddy, Elliot, a Rodriguez said. He says that he's going after the alamoni because he's entitled to it because of the difference in salaries and marital lifestyle. If he wasn't entitled, he says he wouldn't want it. But it isn't that simple. It says in the Harold, in 95 and a seminal case that brought the same issue in a bitter courtroom battle attorney Alice Hector, a partner with steel actor and Davis found for the divorce after a stay at home husband, Robert Young. Father knows best, not that Robert Young. And minute two, having an affair. After a 10 year battle over the 14 year marriage, we're going to walk the way we just 36 grand in alamoni. Florida Supreme Court made alamoni gender neutral in 1980 said attorney Mark Maurice Cutner, who is representing Rodriguez. Every case you said it's supposed to be based on the fairly straightforward set of operative facts. Speaking of Maurice Cutner, I wonder how well I've been not saying. I wonder how Mark Cun is doing. And remarked Cun? Did you ever meet him? Remember we had that big seminar then? Who the hell was that? That wasn't water, say, but was it? Yeah, it was. I was. I was. I was. I got one of Jackass, water, say, but who I turned out to want me to be our friend on my space and I told him to get lost, water. A radio consultant. You know, people that are really broadcasts, is they broadcasts. People that can broadcast their consultants. People who are really managers. Higher them. Yeah, and people that can't manage, you're going to point it to be general manager. Gluer fight salespeople are most managers. That's why the cast for Wissinger Genius, he had been a salesman, but he was a programming student. He knew that. It was more than just going out and selling a bunch of spots and saying give us the damn money. We want your money honey. Sunny. So the guy who played the Dom Dell Wissinger's brother, Junior. Oh, my god, he died. What was his name again? Ron Kerry. Grandma, Junior, honey. Very sad day for the human race. God. No one else can use a bunch of drinks more than she used. But Nicole Pardis, like a bastard. That's what's so much for them with camera. And it's just, you look so good on. Oh, my god, he's dead. He's dead, bro. He's dead like a skeleton. Yeah, oh my god. My dog's dead. He's dead, he's dead. He's dead like a skeleton. He wants to get high. So high. He wants to drink and smoke in that spirit. Oh, my god. He's a human. You clean. My daughter's dead. Oh, she's dead like a skeleton. Oh, hey, she's dead. I wonder if there's a reason for that. You think that there's got this in the long and Alexa prison time? I might be. What do you think? I was thinking more like, Oh, I'm more like that. Ron Kerry of number TV should come dead. I guess he was a little puggie, huh? Maybe he had too many pieces of bread. Possible. Ron Kerry, the puckish, come eat it, actor. Puckish. Maybe he was a hockey fan. Maybe they puckish from the director played officer Carl Levin on a situation comedy. Barney Miller was a member of Mel Brooks troops and film such as High Ends, Heidi and Simon movie. That of a stroke last Tuesday and was 71. But the news you got around slowly, didn't it? Because they just had it on the yesterday scene. And of course, this is from, I don't know where from. The LA Times. Ron Kerry was truly talented. Very funny. One of the dearest men I've ever worked with. Mr. Kerry has swift us in the Roman era segment of history of the world part one, seven statement. I wonder if he was kind of biggest, uh, uh, What the f*** was? Flavius. Yeah. The five foot seven actors became a semi-regular on ABC's Barney Miller in 76. The second year that's come that started Halland and I told you, I hated that show. Oh, I hated Hallandin. Oh, I hated Hallandin. Oh, I hate me. I hated me. I was in front of you because I hit him. Oh, and remain with the show until end of 1902. I'll find the theme from it here in a minute. Oh, oh, here it might be here. But it's not. What show was it, Barney Miller? Barney Fag? I'm not going to go reading the book by Barney Fag. Let's see. Oh, you've got it already, so I have to have a plus few rounder good. Thank God for that. I got my quesho themes here though. See, I mean, like the thing, we've got a thousand 15 rows by the way. He's off now. He can relax. I mean, we'll take all the votes you've got for a thousand 15 old people. So it's just instrumental. There's no like, uh, I mean, I like the beginning of it that then it turns into jazz. Oh. All right. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, Schmendorf across the street, Joel Fibreuss, you remember good times which you hated that theme so back. Yeah. You got a theme for the tickets called Bad Times. Let's see, where's the, uh, where's good times? Good time. You hated it. That's why I'm planning it. Not to aggravate you, but just to try to prove that you're wrong. As you, you want to go. Oh, it is. And the most amazing thing that I hated that show I couldn't stand at show, but the theme is great. I'm going to go through the, the end of the show. What is this part of the street? Underwater. Wow. It just stopped. It just stopped by itself. Go for it. Good times. I think my den in my sheen door. I could mine. I didn't have it. I love the only one. I mean, I don't know. What about the only one sheen door like good times thing? Ah, it's okay. Here's the only good version of good times. Yeah. Oh. As love at Mr. Kerry was the, Petroman was eager to transfer into the detective squad. A former state of comic he broke it with film saying a Boston can driver in the outer towners, the 1970 comedy starring Jack Lennon and Sandy Dennis. Mr. Kerry's film credits also include playing Dom Della Wies' brother. Get the funny tune. The lady the comedy drama Fatsau which is written in the record by Anne Bankroth and was great. You saw it right Chris Fatsau? Now yeah. Oh. Maybe that'll inspire him to lose the right one. I was on such a role here, man. I was like on a jelly role. Put to this guy was no good. Oh. At least he's consistent. There's something he said for that. Mr. Kerry who also appeared in the scores of commercials for crime being a supporting player and a character actor. He was a player. Stars are stars he told Newsday and 89 but without us the show wouldn't go on. He was born Ronald Joseph Sassinha. Hey, was that Sassinha in Italian? It would be I don't know. In the, in the, in the 35th of December, 11th in New York, New Jersey. He launched his stand at career in New York's, and New York after ending a bachelor's degree in communications from seat and hall in South Orange, New Jersey. And he survived by somebody but it stopped off in the hall. Whatever you pass. I'm sure we stopped off on your end too. He has a lot of course when someone else stops off your end. A thousand 18 votes on the pool, maybe. And of course at birth, they did that to me and boy, they really got carried away. Very after I should, I should sue the moiled. You know, I'm sure he's dead long since but. If I had been voting, I would do it. So the estate. And the estate of the moiled. That's right. What work and what kind of a job is that anyway, you know? What kind of person? Yeah, wants to slice off a force can all of it like the product, colleges, two wakes up or they go, you know what? That's what I want to get into. That's a lot of guys you want to get into that. No, but I think get away from me. Get away. Get away. There are a lot of there. A few people out there. I would do virtually anything for them. But guess what, though, that's not one of them. No way Jose. What if it was really small? No. I beg your pardon. The request. Oh. Who posted the greatest threat to the human gene pool besides George? That's our pool question today. A thousand. Oh, there's Mr. Speaker. They president, they I'd look at all these semesters. They're with Bush. Speaking of Schmendor. Oh, come on. Nice to big night. So have something planned for tomorrow. I do. Neocons 327. The average American idle viewer 256 almost 100 behind. Now people who watch poker on TV has got over 104. Uh oh. The average American idle contest in 77. Nice face dot com number 73 except for those of us select people who are wonderful folks. Just ask us. We'll tell you. The average is a bit of a sports show color 69. Uh oh. I hate this full 63. 6 point one percent. And the average near Roger show color a mere Qingquanta Qingquanta banana. And don't forget. The funny Qingya. Shush. Shush. Shush. Fashion models. Shared their beautiful and glamorous. But did you know that every night many go to bed hungry? Hi. I'm Sally Struggers. For the feed the models foundation. For just 10 days a day. You can help feed a starving model. Like Nikki. I must poop then. But thanks to feed the models. No. I can eat and eat and eat. But I still don't get them all. Hey hey you. I really hate you. You skinny wench. When you sponsor a model you'll get a letter of thanks. Plus a photo. But you know it's been heavily airbrushed because nobody looks bad good. That's what you think. Shubby girl. Call feed the models today because I really don't know how much more of this. I can take before I go up and hit somebody. But as long as you don't sit on me. Oh that's awesome. Feed the models. If you don't have to go home. Please leave me or go from slim to none. Hello I'm Carol O'Connor. To close the album our own song. We dedicated to you then. And to you now. Now at your young fresh we listen to me for change. Why the way Glenn will play. So I'll make my money back in for a race. So I'll always like me we've had to play. All's for the day. And I will appreciate. And we'll find a call for the play. We are all lost now right now right now. All's for the day. I don't even want you. I don't want you. I don't want to go as a friend. Mr. Weekend to do something. Why great good good good good good. People say something can change. If the dollars praise the rent. Fricks one winner, Strington. And I'll fight my day. But we don't want this. I don't want the judges win. I can't get out of my game. And today the course you won the rap game. And we're sure the next one won. Cake's next really. No, that's all. I don't know. You're sure you won't move. No, that's all. All right. Now let's do the themes again. TV things we have done that in a long, long time. You're right. What do you think? Let's do it. Let's do that for tomorrow. I'm thinking. Although I got all these other great pools. None of that one that are regular renew. We got all kinds of pool of cinders now, which is beautiful. And he missed something on this pool. Yeah, I'm a sad. Oh, she's not on there. So. But I could be intimidated more than one way. But I'm sure I get you. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I think in your case, because it won't be interpreted one way. Oh, it's speaking of the tree lady and some returner while they're who would never once to grow up. This is Shirley Jones working here. All right. It's takes an over scene. If it's sweet. All right. Somebody step on that. You want to do it, okay? Before he opens on. Come on. Come on. Get that. Who laid that for saying that? Who's? Come on. Get that. There. Oh, not love in his butt. We'll be breaking. We'll make you happy. You're happy. Okay, David. Countdown. 145 votes on the pool. We're going to go over 1100 today on a day when we just had kind of a week start. That's because everybody was like passed out and drained from those football games yesterday. Spurs of the Patriots, blowing at big league against. I've actually allowed that often fans were having nervous breakdown, including Chris when they had that 21 to 3 lead. Not just for the game with the over no one to learn about it. Oh. Well, look at this. The first thing we can do is to learn about monopolies and fears of a possible fascist take over the US media and prompted a Democratic Congressmen to push to restore the fairness doctrine according to Raj's story. Media reform is the most important issue confronting our democratic Republican and people of our country. Representative Maurice Hinty, Democrat in New York City, free presidential media reform conference held in Memphis, Tennessee last weekend. This is a critical moment in history that made the term in the future of our country may be forever. Hinty told Raw story, he plans to reintroduce the media ownership reform act more up. That would break up media monopolies and restore the fairness document, which was limited by the FCC and the Reagan administration. Remember Ronnie Ray Gun, fascist. I don't know. In fact, she's there with agrees down here and he busted around the shoe polish. If Rashutes is mouth off, he must give a equal access to our side, since he said the American public will begin to get both sides are all sides of an issue that is basic. Fundamental way democracy, he be saying. Last year, Hinty introduced House Bill 3302, Laura, but Republicans blocked the measure in committee. He also founded the future of American media caucus in Congress in 2005 with Democrats now in control of Congress. An humidity reform, as you're expected to be a side of the House energy in Congress committed with the next couple of weeks, Hinty's staff be confirmed. We'll be trying hard to get to subcommittee in the full committee chairman to bring this to the House floor Hinty pledge. A companion bill being produced on the Senate side by Bernie Sanders of Vermont. More will restore the fairness doctrine. We instead of national cap on ownership of radio stocionates. Those are the number of radio stations that have come to be in the local market. And we instead of 25% national cap on TV ownership among other things. All of these things. The bill's no grandfathers in provision would compel media conglomerates to the investor comply with new ownership limitations. More will also require public interest reports from broadcasters and require more independently produced programming on TV. In addition to establish new public interest obligations to assure that broadcasters meet the needs of local communities and requires increased sustain public input and outreach to give the people a voice and programming. But let me ask you one question. What does that have to do with sports? Oh, nothing. And with sports. Oh, that doesn't matter. Talk radio has become dominated by shows that our right wing, even the old fascist he said, adding that even the best newspapers, give readers a con job by reporting false information fed by the administration. This should make every single citizen of America deeply concerned he told the conference attendees what lies will they tell him the future to jeopardize democratic republic or even end this democratic republic. That's the objective of many of those involved. Fascist that fascist a communist that but he's the it's all these things. How's the hell doing? How do we stay? Oh, no. Maybe it wasn't wrong. Carried that I maybe was fed ill. He should listen to our you know, highman rock, Iraqi colobito. Who was it on that spot that today? What's about the demand? Some goi man. Too many. What's about that? What's about that? The one where he said Iraqi colobito, I could not believe that. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. We're supposed to be a sports station. We got some Schmendrick on there doing Iraqi colobito. I mean, granted he's probably you know, hadn't played in about a hundred years, but nevertheless. So what's an arm but an arm. And arm but a minute is a guy who's like, you know, like a people's, uh, uh, got a spokesman. Oh, like your butt. Who's that? It's on the, uh, seeing an international there. Yeah, but what's that got to do? Oh, yeah, that's what we know about. Yeah, I mean, I'm not talking about what I'm not about. So yeah, the right, like the people's body. That's right. I'm about to admit, who's like, uh, goes to bad for the people and like, uh, when it gets screwed, which is all the time. And don't even feel good. Five, I think it wasn't the phone is nice and quiet on a Monday. I'm not prepared on a Monday for, you know, a whole lot. Oh, now I looked at it and as soon as I said that, it's almost like, I don't have no delay. WQA in. Oh, oh, boy. WQA in. Oh, okay. Like I said, why don't I look over there? It was a bad move on my part. WQA in. Oh. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Oh, wow. It must be lunchtime, huh, for the return. They must let them out. Maybe a nurse ranches on, on call. WQA in. Hello. There's no parkley, no Charles, parkley. And that is. WQA in. Hello. Hello. Yes. Newly baby. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you going? Okay. You know how to be a comment, how are you? Yes, sir. Well, how do you like that? Go ahead. Hey, uh, yes? When do I get you know, you know I got a new, uh, baby, uh, three month old box. Uh, uh, uh. Yeah. I know you're a dog, man. You're, you love dogs. Mm-hmm. And, um, just the enum and I am big. I am big. I am big. Ha ha ha ha. Unless you're qualified in the college, you're all saying that. He is big. He's a little bit of a dog. Don't line up in a microwave. And he'll blind up being big with him. Ha ha. The nappy bat. He is big. Ah, ah. Drought congratulations to that song until you're a congratulations. He's big. Do I think we have like, call everybody here? Let's get it in the sunset, okay? All right. To which I would say, well. Congratulations. Get a light. Right. Northern Irish police, for say, look at that. We've heard Northern Ireland, uh, you're rack all over the world. It was good religion stuff. They're man, they're doing it. And let me tell you folks out there right now because I don't want to get back out of religious kick here today because it's Monday and whatever else, whatever other reason I'll all line my just. That's the one thing really is do better in anybody else. Kills so people. That's right. Usually a whole lot of them. 21 before one at five, 60 WD. We got the man dog at two at the big power hour with the Henry Goldberg and the Mad Dog together four to five and then Hank Solo five to seven. I'll never got to the rest of the schedule. I interrupted myself saying, oh, it's some way. Opening, simple, dimbo calls. No, what do I never got to that point at seven o'clock with some dimbo? And then we got any K S730 because we don't have the heat camp. But we got any K on one actually. A lot of you will be awake and broaden nightlight, 73010. God, you're breathed, beautiful. You're a smoothie. You're fair. She's what I'm eating away from here now. Looks like to break the roast guys. Now, shrimp, that's funny, roll balls. Now, shrimp, that's funny, roll balls. Robert Bush has funny tails, man. I suppose otherwise not now. You're happy to achieve me alive. She raised more criminal clouds. Robert Bush has funny tails, man. And she raised more place than that place. She's a trout-same. And she takes half breaks so heavy. What a sad day, what no bite. What's like she's carrying an opponent's wing as size and size. She's a fat, funny guy. She's a fat, a teacher. All of her. And the season is always the worst. The season is the worst. She's with a wretched dog. But Robert Bush has funny tails, man. I'm eating. She gave us hot food and yet Bush has not that much in me. This is a sad day for what our man gave him. I haven't seen that yet. ведь was pretty forever hot. But it was rare to eaten all of our shit. It's very hot today, we had to have a weekend. 20, something good a long time. How do you know that, Joyce? Oh, yeah. A good day without a good day anymore. Right. President Bush, big and a crap, faces the nation this week more and popular than any president on the Evo State of the UN since Richard Nixon old tricky, Dickson's in 1974. Nixon was delivered by the Watergate scandal for Bush's week decades later with the Warner Rack plus his general incompetence of course. With his unpopular troops surged on the table, his high rating matches his job rating matches the worth of his presidency, 33% this is what pulls us this ABC or whatever. 33% of Americans' purpose were can orifice while 65% disapproved to the one negative matching his career low last May. He's feeling mighty low. Only three post were presidents of God lower. Jimmy Carter Nixon and Harry Truman only won his head on Howard Disapprovaluating and that was tricky, Dick. And now we got tricky, Dick Cheney. For Bush, the bad news just starts there. This may over the unpopular, the worst vacuum down across the board from his personal ratings with position Vsavv, the resurgence Democrats, and so are remarkable come down for a president who shortly after 9.11 shows a pro-radition of the highest for any president polls since 1938. Today by contrast, 71% of the ABC news was seen posted. The country's head had seriously off on the wrong track to lose a track, baby, to lose a flat track. The most ins budget battle said to a highly unpopular government shutdown in the early 1966. Bush's world leadership clearly is the prime complaint, 64% called the war mistake, more than said so about Vietnam during that war. The intensity this gentleman, the Senate and the more harvest only grown, 51% of Americans now strongly disapproved Bush's job performance overall and majority for the first time, the 17% strongly approved a 3-1-negative ratio. To a partisan lens, three quarters of Republicans continue to approve of Bush, all how very sad, I wonder if Chris approves of Bush, but with much diminished vigor, there are only about half as many Republicans who strongly approve 42% as their Democrats who strongly disapproved 76% and among two of his course-apport groups, conservatives and evangelical white Protestants, oh, he's a career-lozen overall approval. Oye is right. So let's see, time dot is running and Hillary is running at the goof off from Iowa to always runs at nobody ever heard of, he's running and Barack is running and who I'll leave out. I'm sure I'm much less somebody out. I don't know. Everybody in their brothers running. Here's a flight you probably didn't want to be on. The pilot of a continental airlines flight became ill after take off and later was pronounced dead. I portrayed made an emergency landing. The 210 passengers on the flight which departed from Houston, Texas, were never in danger and the cold pilot had to play safely. The airlines only said the pilot suffered a serious medical problem, continental billions of pilot died of natural causes. That flight bound for part of a yard to Mexico took off from Houston's George Bush Intercontinental. Air Force diverted a Mackellen Miller in Houston. The flight continued to Mexico with a new crew. Well, they didn't die on the plane, but of course, if they're going to Mexico, is a good chance they won't come back alive. Little more advice from the old Grand Pani, okay? Don't go on cruise ships number one and don't go to Mexico no matter how you get there number two. Do not do it and speak at number two, that's probably what you'll be doing a lot of time. I need to want to, you know, cruise ship. How about a cruise to Mexico? How's that sound? No thank you. Chris contained my trip. El Paso. I've been on many of cruises. You have? Not in the past five years, but yeah. And why is that? My dad's been on the cruise business for almost one night. Oh. Boy, you are digging a hole so deep that they're never going to find you as again. Remember those kids they found under John Wayne Gacy's house in the crawlway. Oh yeah. That's where they're going to find Chris. He's going to be crawling in space. Well, you have to get thin enough to fit under their first. Like, oh, that's part of it. His girlfriend's father. Yeah. His girlfriend's father. Oh yeah. I can't wait to meet that bitch. I mean, that would be QAM hello. I would. WQAM hello. Who's that? We are calling. The hell. There's he. This is the hell. Yeah, this is the hell. I want to know. Do pay these when it also pour this shelf. I'm going to get her in. Do pay these when it goes to call your shelf. Yeah. 50 bucks. Did you get a check? Hello. This is Peter Graves. My little daily care isn't so much to ask is it? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, we are worried. That's what we discussed that before. I got other versions of them. There's a few versions around. How about the vestal versions? What's that all about? Who are the vestal versions? Priestesses of the goddess Hestia. And what is the wider shade of pale anyway? I would. So I had drug thing to me. I'd like to vocal her a little. I'm not. I'm not. Kind of. I realized it's got nothing to do with the music today, but then again, is there any music today? So if you look at the resound here too much of it. And then see that's that's my being old me again, you know. There you go. Love that song. Where my all time favorite. It's why they're shade of pale. I have no idea what it's all about. That's because I'm an old for these. I think the song is older than the zoos. Let's do it. Oh, yes. older than Ishkebibble. Right. 10. Oh, I don't know. 66, 64. 67. Oh, gee. Go on and run direction. That's me always going on and running. And if you get the talk about this one, it would be a real sense. It's better than my cat. You heard it. I know where. I don't think I know where the usual thing. I know where to find it. Believe me. If it's out there, I'll find it. If it's good, I'll find it. Hopefully. Okay, that's enough. WDQA and hello. Any all are you? Okay, sir. You were talking about lucky raisin. He was my teacher. I went through Shanna Noah back in the like 70. Wow. Like to say. He was a great guy. He was like one of those artsy, farce kind of teachers. Yeah. You know what I like about him? He was a science teacher. He was good. He's got a center team. But I can't take that. I learned a lot of things from him. You know? I mean, yeah, no, you know, he was all right. I think it was room three or four. And, uh, well, I'll be down because I was a 305 East Shaw Hall at Michigan State. How do you like that? Those great numbers, man. There weren't too many great numbers in my dorm. No, thank God. I probably would've got a lot of trouble. I thought it had been before. A lot of ugly kids in my dormitory. They probably, you know, did that on purpose. Because they thought, oh, we put anybody hot in there. That fact it's going to go crazy and start, you know, trying to grab on to guys and stuff. I'm not really very embarrassing. I mean, nothing actually happened. But it's just an admission again in my old age of what a pervert I am. Okay. I'm sitting there. My machine yesterday it would bind. And a young couple comes in. If you want to see this chick, you would've gone crazy. I mean, she was just unnauck out. Okay. Okay. Her boyfriend was almost as pretty as she was. Okay. You catch the birth of this. I said it like a really funny. Okay. Really funny. Well, you know, it's very busy. It's a Sunday afternoon. It's very crowded. I'm sitting there with my machine. And now I discovered that the two of them are standing almost directly behind me. And I know I shouldn't say this on the ear. And you're going to just stop me at this point. And the thought crossed my mind again, it's only a thought. You know, there's nothing. There's no law against thinking things that yet. Well, none. We were right. Your government in action, no work. They're working on it. And I wanted to like reach back and slide my leg. Be not my leg. My hand. Between I can't say it. You know, you know what I'm thinking about. I don't think. Right between his legs up to the. And I thought, I mean, the thought for like a half a second, not that I was certainly doing unless I wanted to get number one punch. My lifestyle, the number two dragged off and threw him the who's go. But it's just, it just crossed my mind. And I thought to myself, man, you are a very, very pervert, best. And I'm very happy about it. I'm probably one. I mean, is that a normal thought of course? No, no, no, no. I was at the end of the night. You were at a lot of grabs on both of her knobs and just give a little twist. You know, it was all a Sunday and haven't sure yesterday, by the way. As I was looking for printer cables. Maybe that's why I didn't find them. Yeah, because there were just other things to distract me. Really? Yeah, I've heard of that line. I've been, you know, I mean, the thought, it just, I don't think that's ever crossed my mind before. It's just reaching by would have been so easy with standing right behind me. And that is a turned out whoever was playing next to me, the machine, next to me, left. And he sat down there and put a 20 or two in there. It was playing with that machine. And I thought, oh, gee, I hope you wouldn't have never leave. And that's bad. That is very bad. You saw like some kind of a fever to which I would say. Absolutely correct. That is right. And very proud of it too, by the way. President Hugo Chavez of NFL, the way law, returned to his weekly video and TV broadcast yesterday, stolen the ideas of socialism and said, go to hell to the US for what he called unacceptable meddling, Adventist where it was affairs. Go to hell. No, great. OG. The National Assembly controlled by the President's political allies, expected to be a final probleist week to what it calls the enabling law, and lawing him to a pass of series of laws by the decree during an 1818 period. And Friday, he was state department deputy spokesman Tom Casey said that Chavez is a law of law, because of some concern. Well, too bad Tom, too bad. What he said, go to hell. Bush is an idiot. What he's talking about more on idiot, Schmendrick. I think it's Schmendrick. And when Hugo Chavez calls you a Schmendrick, you are a Schmendrick. I mean, no one's to take a bite. I still waiting for my big email from Joe Belsing. So now I don't know job boys on the ratings, man. You guys are kicking serious big fat nasty ass. And this guy, no, no, no. And when I'm up in bulk, it takes a slap in all the women who would pay to lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two of them. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I earned balance for the two hours. Moor, boor, boor, boor. He's been brought to my interest, but you're rating is a guy in the pool. Well, I don't assure you what a big ass, and I wish to hear it. And how? You guys don't get in the fight, somebody could have not been so much petty pants? You're an easy. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, right now, James, I love a big coming back. I'm excited to consider we got a little greater than Conterhead. If you wanna know what a second from Chuck M. that transmitted the loudening. Why? Now, it's easy. Shoot. Oh, she needs a smile! Go, it's not the time for her. Oh, she needs a smile. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, I'm a little bit nervous, so I don't know. I'm so nervous. I think you're all time class only that you'd be gay. I said my ratings have bottomed out in this day. I'm afraid you'll have a remover, so I'm a gay, you're so old. And we get... Oh, you think you're so... I don't think you're... I don't think you're so... I don't think you're so old. I don't think you're so old. I don't think you're all my friends. You're a biker. You're a biker. Are you gonna go play me, huh? I just can't get enough of that. I don't know about you, but I just can't get enough of that. It is great. It's a classic. 101 at 5.60 WCWM. How about some coke class? What do you say? What is it? What is it? Coke one. Yeah, it's got one calorie. It's got one calorie. Did there ever try it with Pepsi one? Memphis police officers observed an attack on anti-bush protesters, but drove away and failed to intervene to activists who run the scene-tool, raw story. It's pretty raw. We were down on Beale Street, late on Friday. How do you like that? On Beale Street. We didn't even know if you're Jessica Beale, didn't you think? We're down on Beale Street, late on Friday. And that's a Barbara Cummings A piece activist with a backbone campaign. Self-destruct is a grassroots effort to emoldence citizens and look at officials to stand up for progressive values. In Polski, we have a lot of military responsibility. Simpleness of capability and a massive opportunity to influence conductives and governments not only as they scare people who have been. But I think this is�� começa to win this campaign. At least COVID-19 complying to the 66rooms in South Korea. Which has currently enormous movement in China's control. Therefore, the first government is artists. Belief in America was scored 就是益 implication on the Sixthville – a petition that even politicians увид他的 a list of war crimes allegedly committed to legion my ass by the Bush administration. At first coming to be called we were very, very well received people were smiling, taking pictures and saying thank you. Thanks God. In the second block we had a veteran in the wheelchair guiding us, I sensed rather than heard something going on. I couldn't get the mask off at first. Cummings continued and I saw arms and legs everywhere, some guy came out of a bar and had blindsided us. He hit two members in the back of the head. One of the protests took off his mask and struck back at his ass in the same lunch. He noted, then some boutsers came out of a bar and there was a melee. Finally pulling off her mask, he said she saw the legs and arms flying everywhere, flying and flailing no doubt. According to Cummings' other demonstrator interviewed by the raw story, an infest police car was parked at the end of the street, from which officers should have been able to see the front-exteen, but Cummings claimed the Memphis Police officer took one look and they just drove away. Very Purdue of Moore'sville and O'er can firm coming to count what happened to protect and serve she asked, these officers did not protect or serve. Even like a little dessert. What do you think about dessert? PURDU, a former humanitarian information officer in Curtin, or Veterans for Peace, acted as a guide during the march since the large mass can restrict the vision of the marchers. While serving in Turkey as an 19-year-old military police officer, Purdue told raw story that she had witnessed Kurdish people playing from Iraq when Sodom was saying gas to the Kurds. He dropped that evil gas, like I didn't shower this morning, and boy, it was enjoyable. Oh, I'm a fire. I think that's one of my great fantasies would be like to spend an hour of he day farting in the shower and a real hot steamy shower, oh, call that a power shower. I've carried the memory all my life of women running up to us pleading, please help me. She said they met as turn our cameras off and our military did not produce false to the West government for filming until the public truth about events in Iraq both in the air. Now, according to both activists after the Memphis Police officers, like the scuffle concluded the protesters walked away. However, a young veteran, a young Iraq war veteran, who obviously had been drinking, was very emotional. That's the confriter of the group. What are you doing this to our president of the Red Renaissance? You don't understand what we've been through, what we've done. He then reportedly told the protesters that he harbored doubts about the president's role in lying, lovin' terror attacks. What if he did it to that ask rhetorically, according to Cummings, kind of like OJ? What if I did it? According to Cummings, a long time peace activist who volunteers at Military Hospital's for assisted wounded soldiers, but he still would command her and chief, we thought we were telling Iraq Eastern protect you, he said, right. No to see Iraq, he's at every street corner, getting ready to attack your ass and give me a hand. Come on, look out. Cummings said that he was crying and in to her, we said we love you and support the troops. We've had many younger rack veterans who are our friends. I'm still active duty, don't know what to do, the old man told the reporters we told the actors. Cummings said we tried to hug him, but he pushed us away. Oh, I've had that happen. In fact, I'm sure that would have happened at Woodburg yesterday right after the punch in the mouth. How did I admit that? That was a disgusting thought. I don't think that was like that. No, not at all. No, not at all. We think boy, I sure would like to, but you don't, not that specific, you know? No, okay. Well, I'm going to make up for last time. This girl, the best buy-up that I could tell you for an hour of what I was thinking about doing right now. If you were to see this couple of men, it would buy. You would have been climbing on the machine and just grabbing for anything that you would get your hands on. You would have been pulled in the handle. The protestors put their mask back on to resume their march, but then coming as we called another guy in the back of the head, I pulled off my mask and he said, I didn't know you were lady. And I see. Well, and by the way, speaking of what I've already just talking about, perverted in the list. No, no. What ever happened to that thing that Clarence was supposed to send me? Huh? That Chris has already, have you had one of those presented to you? No. No. Just a fantasy or they took embarrassed to send me that because it would be extraordinarily embarrassing to send me something to fill up. I had on the way, I think about this business that I've only been in for about 400 years. Don't you think it would be just a little bit embarrassing? Well, in this place, see, that's a relative turn. No. I had the, you know how much fines are under the maxes. I see. I didn't tell you that. A wrong flight on a wrong airline. This story is just from the last week, but it's just, you know, in my silence, it deserves. You know, I like traveling, but I don't like the flying part. You know what I mean? In other words, I like what I get there and have a great time. I don't like all the chaos at the airport, they're getting on the plane, get the boarding, you know, at the process. As the plane rolled down the runway, one passenger was be loaded when a flight attendant welcomed travelers aboard the Milwaukee Bonflight. Milwaukee, he thought he was going to New York. Turns out he accidentally boarded the wrong flight on the wrong airline. Schmuck. And in today's post 9-11 climate, that's the sort of thing that can cause airport security to break out in hives. The whole thing was a simple human air, said Carol Scourney, guy, spokesperson for Midwest Airlines, this fellow was in a rush, and employees didn't check his destination thoroughly. Here's how airline officials described the problem. The past year was not identified, was running late for his flight to New York's JFK airport. He rushed to a Delta Ticket counter and check in. After clearing security, the man screwed over to what he thought was his gate. Outside the jetway, he handed an employee's boarding pass. While some airlines use barcode technology to scan the tickets, Midwest does not. Scourney could say, employees visually inspect the tickets. In this case, they allowed the man who held a Delta Ticket to board the plane. He has a Delta Ticket, he gets on a Midwest plane, wrong gate, wrong Schmuck and idiot. In this case, they allowed the man who held a Delta Ticket to get on the plane. Happy to have made his flight. He took a seat and deep breath. Like that. After the plane pushed away from the gate, the attendant welcomed the passengers to the Milwaukee Bonflight. The man sprang out of his seat. He jumped. Why did he jump? The pilot turned the plane around return to the gate. The man disembarked and running for his New York flight. End of story not quite. The Midwest kept an order to plane empty and inspected. A brawlered sheriff's office K-I-N-Teen arrived. I found no problem. I promised I'd board the aircraft. We checked the man's seat. Oh, I bet they did. Back to them. The laboratories, the overhead bins, Scourney could say, we were thinking we'd rather air on the set of caution. After half an hour the plane was there for departure. I'd be Milwaukee only 45 minutes late. As for the wayward pastory made his Delta flight to New York, let's hear it for the wayward pastory. A low-run man, a smuck, a schmendric if there was an idiot. How do you like that? And this is what happens. Every time you fly, not every time. But most of the time, there are always those stragglers. There are people like me who are professionally early. I mean, all right. Compulsive. Compulsively early. I'd rather get there early, sit down, get a newspaper. Make a soda or whatever. And just relax. As opposed to these other crazy people who are rushing, rushing, it is one thing to be rushing and nothing to be rushing. That's an interesting question. A lot of 103 votes on the poll, not too shabby, if you ask me, ever to even Chris is mildly impressed. I love it. Who poses a gram? I'm just going to pretend I didn't even hear that. I think he's practicing now and it's to be sitting on the other side of the phone. He wants to be a caller now. I'll take it slow. Yeah. It could only help. Yeah. It couldn't be any worse. In fact, today it could be an improvement. Who poses a gram? We had actually one wheel called there, or were not. Yeah, the second one. I was the student of that person. Squirrel or whatever. The student of the squirrel who lost his nuts. I don't know what you're talking about. The guy who called and said he was the student of that architecture or whatever. He used to come on the other side. Oh, Rocky, raising. Rocky, Rocky, oh brother. I'm sorry. I guess Rocky is out with the, he must sleep for the fish is now. Yeah. His family family was a science teacher like like a really different approach to teaching and wanting a kids to have a lot of fun and yati, yati, whatever that was. I stepped as a guest on my show back in the day. About 100 years ago when I used to lose. And I apologize if there's anybody still live in remember those shows. I'm sorry. Nobody's perfect. Neo cons represent the biggest threat to the human gene full 305. Nobody even close. The average American idol viewer 281. The average American idol contestant 84. MySpace.com member 79. Shame on you. The average QMS sports show caller 74. I hate this pool 66.59%. And the average Neo Rodgers show caller 55, which may increase after this hour. Well, let me tell you something my crowd's meant for friends. I think I forgot something. I'm not really sure. Wonder what is missing. For breathing nothing under my dress. And the photographs all over the press. You have no common sense. Oh, it's just so gently made. I'm crazy, 50. Where's my underwear? I've put on a pair. No really, I swear. How crazy, crazy. Oh, come, please, please. Oh, don't think I'm a boar. I'm just an idiot. I can. Where's my underwear? Something I'm in. Please help me, Karen. Oh, pretty, pretty. Oh, all over the way. My comeback is dead. I search an idiot. What's the reason? Yeah, no argument here. Anybody that was for having a good night, please. That Kevin, oh my God. Oh, yo. Yeah. Kevin, yo, yo, yo, go away. What's 16 at five, 16, WCM? Magogato, then the power hour between four and five. How that power hour, dude? Big number? No, no. Fact number sports. In fact, I think the humper. Where was the breakdown here? Where's the hour by hour? There's some parts of the day if you put the two sports stations together. It's still an embarrassing embarrassing. Well, it's just the way it is. Like, Nanny Bell would tell you, if we were to lay a pair, I'm sorry. Manning, you wouldn't need it, but not that dumb. Like, where, right period, once told you, if we just had more sports stations that would bring a lot more people to sports talk radio. And that's because these are people who really believe that there are as many sports and that there are so many people out there like them. People who idolize OJ want them to sign their jobs. I have stuff like that. It programmed with themselves. That is precisely correct, sir. But I heard a rumor during the lunch hours of matter. Fact number, that I hang in lunch, but heard a rumor. And I'm still waiting for her, oh, that's got to come in here and just pass you on the back so hard, your teeth fly out. Wouldn't that be great? Supreme Court overturned Robey, this is the National CNN poll, 62 percent, no 29 percent yes. And you like that? Overwhelming support. You know, this is the government that we got another one to turn the clock back 50 years. Let's get prayer back in the schools. If we could get the kids just to read the Bible, you know, like the Muslims do. Like the Americans read that Quran. Great Washington real good. And given that magic flying carpet. My real hot dog, oh brother, I still think that there was one of the great moments. I didn't realize it at the time, you know. At the time, it seemed rather insignificant. I'm 13 years old. I've got my Mr. Batinsky, my Bar Misfit tutor. My tutor. I like that movie, by the way. I was in the head of the museum. It's up to the fairbular. Hmm. But anyway, he's, you know, he's told me about to the Bible this and the Bible that and the Torah and he said to me, it's all bulgemen. And I thought, hey, let me sense to me, if I'm that one, but I'm real. This is a biblical scholar. This is a man who could, he even knew who yet's hot, uh, Schmendric was. Wait to hear this, this, this, this, this, this and, after I've been yesterday's Washington Post asks the question, what if it had been President Job instead of George Bush? Oh, talk about a fat, back-to-man ass idiot. Today, with a mark to six state of the Union, in dressing and might have been his best yet theorizes S.B. dates. Tallahassee bureau chief for the Palm Beach Post and author of Jeb America's Next Bush. Oh, good, good. Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, is more than that. No more Bush. Don't have to say a thing. The nation is in great shape. President Job Bush would have reported record tax cuts, propelning the economy to greater heights. A revolutionary school box is programmed for the first time, granting low-income parents, real education choices. And five years after the Cactribo Salab in Laden, the final 20,000 U.S. troops returning home from Iraq, he continues. The ads, October, Jeb Bush for eight years, as they stay cattle reporter, and the convinced you managed to do a preconceptively his best hope for a post-arak comeback. And his own political ambitions burn as brightly as ever, perhaps 2012 or 16, or why not? Maybe even 2008 if things break right, he says. This is obviously doing way too many drugs. Magic mushrooms, I believe. According to date, Jeb Bush doesn't do defeat. Jeb in WR-7 years of profit have much in common. That's for sure, they're both made your a-holes. Both are stubborn. Both of their peer convinced that anything government does the private sector can do better. Both are in the effort of tax cuts for the rich. And both seem to believe that voters don't have the right to observe the work in the administration, and should simply trust that to do the right thing. You know, those devious plans he had? Oh yeah. However, the two display real differences on issue spanning crisis management, fiscal policy, foreign policy, and perhaps most important personal style. You know, although, you know, WR-7 has got the drug in daughters, and of course Jeb's got the honor with a nose problem. Jeb pays much more attention to detail than his brother. And his former dog and incompetent advancing his agenda, meaning that a Jeb president see what the past seven years would have been to stay from his brothers, and a future one will be as well. Why I sure hope I croaked before that happened. Man. You know, something that this would be the pull-up take someday. One of the positives about dying is that you won't be around to see blank, you know? Right, global floods in the great flood. Hey, you better call Noah and get him to work on that arc. Oh, you might be around to see that. You think? Maybe next week. That could. And Rochester, we had a chain of appliance tourism, was called Noah's arc. That'll have to think there's a little trivia for you. I'll give you Rochester, Ian Zoffer. Remember the day back in the day, see, that's one of the, in fact, there are a lot of cities. We're now Stalgi is really great, because that's when those cities were great, and now they suck, like Rochester, and Detroit. I mean, Boston's okay now, but it's a shadow of what it used to be. Boston was great. We're going to Boston, I think, of actually this of a hundred times. No, and you're always saying, well, why not? Get out there and travel to people and do not go to Mexico. I'm telling you right now. No. And you people are thinking about going to Mexico. I'm going to come to your house and paddle you with a whip. 1120, most of the pull. Well, we made it. 1100, it's easy. In fact, we already put on the big, the big press. We might have made 12. But I don't like the pressure. You know, too much pressure? Not good. WDQA and not line, though. Okay, well, that's one of them. That may be even the second best one next to the escrow guy. WDQA and hello. I nailed thanks to you, Michael. Thanks for making your call, sir. I, the lock straps, I know it's a little bit of a way. They picked nine, right? I was looking to catch them some knock. Yeah, pick this. That sounds like your buddy. It was. Oh, then why was he under so long? Chris, who is this buddy? WDQA and hello. Oh, very, very crazy person. That's who it is. Maybe you can just find it to Chris during the break while you're beating him over to him with that thought. Sorry. WQA and hello. I'll get to know with him. Yes, you will. He will. See, there's voices in there. Dreams. I will say this. He's real quick on that button. More. He can really move that finger. WDQA and hello. What? Hmm. Yeah. Eh? Okay, I guess I was an elementary. WQA and hello. First time was there in loan time caller. Looking at that picture and your page. What would something happen? What's up with what? When is it? The hold is that thing. Well, the picture with the fat face. The fat. The third man. The old man. Is there any full full wake body shots on it? Yeah, thank God. No. Thanks to what. I've got a grown test shot that was. Yeah, sound a little like that, wasn't it? Okay. That wasn't him. But this thing. I'm not sure. It's just, it works when it feels like. Can't like some people I know. They, you know, work when they feel like it. It was like me. I should be getting paid extra today. I'm doing like about three shows for the price of one. But you know, something the pay is not too bad. And the sun is breaking through today. And there's not too much snow off there. It's a 20 second of January. I'm telling you right now there is no such thing as global warming. It's just another one in county, pink, or propaganda pieces. And what about that Elliott Rodriguez? Trying to get out of there's money. Not a funny story. And the funniest part of course is about that line about well, he didn't do better because he has no ambition. I got a lot of ambition. I get better. I think what he lacks is talent. If he lacks me. I could be wrong about that. But I don't think so. I think he lacks talent. Well, look at that. It's minus five. It's like it's getting close to maybe a 25 or 26. I don't know. See, the process I know we're well on the, and the conversion between, whatever it is, Fahrenheit and the Celsius. But when it comes to the minuses, I mean minus one. Minus one is not turning man. Because 032 is freezing. Minus 2 is 28. But then after that, I get a little fuzzy and a hazy and a, like that, you know. And I used to be so angry. When I was in school man, I was a genius. I was a mathematical wizard. I had 99 algebra 3. Wow, I could not, to math. Algebra, geometry and all that stuff. Yeah, just, that's the basic stuff that's about. What about the 3D? Trigger, whatever. That's the 3D. But it's just those basic equations, like double digit values. It was an all the time. It was in the school teaching us all that crap. I know. Pythagoras, whatever. Pythagorean theorem. Right. That is very, what, be square equal C square. Right. And who gives a flying cramp? Okay, what Pythagoras? They would say that it makes your mind work. It gives you the right. Yeah, that's what it makes my mind work too. Yeah, just like me, it would be my next today. Well, I wanted to re-seren London and Manhattan. But that's the disgusting thing to say. I just, I can't believe I said that. Although lately, I'm at my mind. Why not? Why not? Am I going to like hurt my image? Am I going to, you know, ruin my image as an old-furber flag? What the hell? Different. I don't give a crap with anybody else. Thanks. See, that's another message for all you punks out there. Do not live your lives. Based on what you think, to try to impress other people. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying, don't try to live your life according to what you want. Other people to think. Well, it's a bunch of crap. It's a bunch of hogwash, is what it is. It's funny, I'm sitting there with my machine. Oh, man, might you know something if it looks good, try to grab it. That's, you know, I mean, think about it. Don't actually do it. I'm not suggesting you should actually do it. Because you're going to wind up getting a knuckle sandwich. Okay, buddy. And that would be really bad, okay. Okay. It would be. It would be nice to be a knuckle sandwich. We're with my knuck me off my good machine. Actually, it turned out not to be such a good machine. On, yeah, yesterday. Saturday was okay, it was fine. And then yesterday they did take it back. They given a take. They given a take. It's your in and out. They give a little lot. Then they take it all back in and it will extra if they can. You're always there. There just doesn't seem to be the buzz. I thought it would be, I mean, you know, that article we had on Friday about all the money for the slabs are pulling for the state much more than they anticipated. And ahead of predictions. But there doesn't seem to be yet a buzz about it. You know, I didn't know here too many people talking about. Although I do hear some people saying, well, Lisa's in breath of fresh air that we got like real slopp machines instead of having to play that bingo crap first. Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listing to the hockey authority. Neil Go. I don't know. Well, you won't see him no one. First, Marlon Brando was the godfather. Then I'll put you know what's got father 2 and 3. Now get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather 4. Godfather, you must have heard from me. These are guns that are coming in the bun my house with arm. And then hit them up, family. Maybe you could order a hit or something. Hey, Java hit, I gave a hit. Come on, shoot a bad. Make it feel good. You get it like a fresh machine. Didn't get to give it up. Ha, turn it loose. Get on the good, son. Make a brigade of gold, sweat. Have some, see, see, see. Godfather pardon me, but you just said don't look like him. You're the other Corrionists. Put the uniranny on a metal on his back. You're gonna be murdered there. Go ahead and sow food. Have a genus. See, fat. Better make it brigade of gold. Go for it. Ah! The godfather 4. Starring James Brown. The godfather soul. He'll make you know for you can't understand. That's the dead godfather. So a lot of things. I'm the only person in the world. There was not a big James Brown fan. I'm just, I'm out of touch. I'm out of touch. I'm out of step with the rest of human race. I'm pretty proud of that. 1140 votes on the pool. Not too bad. Not sure. It was your president by the way with the troops. It's a great American. It's a very, very negative toward this president. Well, thank godfather that there's no shit. I don't get a haircut, Bill. Would you please? Wait till you're this. This isn't a bush one. That was doing these sky diving and stuck in a. Yes. Yes, it was. And unfortunately, he made it. A 68 year old sky diver apparently suffered a heart attack or a stroke during a weekend jump and was dead when he reached the ground in Zephyl's DLA. D-O-G. Dead on the ground. Johnny Gates has like then made no effort to deflate his primary parachute as he felt at the ground seven. Maybe it was a suicide. His reserve parachute opened his design that 800 feet with case was dead when he touched down. One would think. TK Hay is manager of skydive city in Zephyl's. Says video shows gates apparently. Video shows gates apparently twitching as he fell. It was twitching. That's a spastic spastic. It was out of the ordinary movement movement Hay said, and I'll have to be performing German what kills gates. He was officially a pro to made more than a thousand jumps in 25 years of sky diving. He was an icon and now he's a dead icon. How do you like that? More than a thousand jumps and then one two many. A thousand. A thousand was good but one thousand one not good. Not too good. Tom Bullseye. That's the guy from Iowa. Who? Tom Bullseye. Exactly. Nobody ever heard of nobody has any even he don't know who he is. And he's running for prison. And you also there's Barack Obama, America's next president. Oh, right. Barack, you go, man. And then they keep showing these different poles and one shows helries way ahead. And then they just showed one. Under his John Edward, who's his boy at Sam Brown back. He was just like John Edward. Sam Brownford. Sam. Yeah, go stepping. Sam Brownford. John Edward. That's another one. Keep forgetting to mention. You want to know why this is very forgettable. Boring. Oh my god. Is he weak. Pathetic. I don't hear a fax coming over there. Do I? Yes. Let me read your fact and get it. It says. Neal on fire and foiegel. See. That sounds like fun. I'm saying, if you're listening, you're grinning and scratching for three and a half hours, man is good to have uncle Leo, the real, street with consciousness and feel back and fibring and also wonders. What is that? I don't know. Well, let's go some down to 185. I got my weight down baby and I got a little bit energy. Once I get in the 170s, I'm going to be so dangerous. This show is going to be smoking. You'll see. You'll see. That's correct. In fact, you know, you're, I don't even more enthusiastic. I'll think of the step further. That's very nice. That's very nice. That's nice. On fire. And I'm, and, and, and the reason for that being that I've lost the weight, I'm in thuis and I got all kinds of crap going on here on this computer where we're over here and it's just to get put me in a good mood. I'm doing, I'm doing a show for six hundred different people over here, at least two in particular. I mean, all the other ones listening, as well. You know, I don't want them to think, like you're just entertaining all your friends on there. I'm not, you know, when that's part of it. What's speaking of a flying stuff? What do you mean? What's wrong with that? Nothing. I'm here to entertain man. I'm busy. I'm downloading porn. Good for you. I'm thinking about that couple at the woodbind last night. Oh, brother. A nine year old boy with a history of stealing cars and running away, sneaked out of a plane bound for Texas, getting caught after flooding an air four connection. This is in Lakewood, Washington. Samage Booker, sounds Indian to me, man. And Indians don't say, man. But anyway, apparently I've tainted Southwest Airlines, boarding card and made us rear for security last week. Hoping two separate, hopping two separate flights, the landing in San Antonio, Texas, short of his Dallas destination. The fourth greater remained in juvenile custody in San Antonio. We've been trying to get his grant to his grand pot in Dallas for used to live. The airline said this statement, a young man, a first-le-ticket counter, it's here to put government international report, requesting a boarding pass and said his mother was already in the boarding area. The young man's information message to pay, ticket was reservation for the flight, based on the information he gave us. He was issued a boarding pass to your line, said it was not listed as a child, because he told the agency it was 12 years old. Maybe it was like that 29 year old guy. Well, let me ask you, do you, can you tell the difference that he's between nine and 12? I would think you could. And you would learn in 12? Yeah, let's say we got some of those weird growth illnesses, you know, like the kids have sometimes. They got a weird growth illness. The airline employees in San Antonio stop some edge from boarding another flight when he couldn't display light and have a boarding pass for that flight. Said David Herbert, hebert, hebert Hoover, spokesman for the San Antonio International Report. The board was unhappy after his family moved to Lakewood outside Tacoma. His out of C.B. again, Sunday when he stole a car that was left running out. When he stole a car that was left running outside of the neighbors house, only be spotted by police near the interchange of I.5 and stay moved five for all of a 30 set. Police pursuant some odd just piece of up to 90 miles an hour till he took an exit in the engine blue after which the car went over a curtain coasted into a tree. He refused to come out of the car, so officers broke window to unlock a door and immediately recognized him as a frequent runaway in a car thief. He was released to his mother, but he ran away again, authorities said the Pierce County watched in prosecutor filed three charges against Booker on Wednesday in juvenile court, hour laid to the vehicle theft. The charges were sent to San Antonio, but they were sure what the next day would be. Last month the board crashed into a car before being caught by police in Tacoma. More recently he was caught and see it on the stolen car that running against. The mother believes he learned to drive from playing video games on a play station. Oh my god, some of you kids out there, some of you punks that are playing a play station. They're not only knows what kind of every behavior they like to do. What is it? They should be illegal. What's that? Play station? Everybody ever got a bad idea from should be illegal. You're starting to sound a little wacky and it needs to advice that anyone ever used to hurt someone else. Like a pen rock to be a rock to cars. Fingers. Fingers. I think that's what I would have gotten yesterday. Like two fingers in the eye. I mean, there were six thoughts across your mind. I'm not apologizing for it. I'm not really embarrassed about it. To be harder to admit it you can too. But that wasn't just lust. That was disgusting. What do you think lust is? People don't think, hey, I just don't lust. I just want to sit there and think, boy, there's a hot couple. Man, I sure like to do it. But that's one thing. What's actually think of a specific thing like that of reaching back and running my hand up and doing his pantaloobies. What kind of a disgusting foul vulgar thing is that? I wonder if that's going to be on that exam. I don't think they're going to sit at the stages. I'm not going to. And I still don't see that email from a Joe Bell. I was positive. I see 80 million other emails. I was not very happy to see every one of them. But I don't see any from a, oh wait a minute. Here you go. Here's a new one. Let's see if it's from old smokey Joe. No, it is absolutely enough. For actually somebody I like. Her 21-2425-60WQMR. You're going to find out about a better one. You're going to. I'm home and need a friend. I'm a thousand feet. Will my Q1 your a. On this high of a son'siye done ago using the Fここ it also has a power starting by 0. You just give me proper amount of time. And you just give me proper amount of time as a group. I'm wrong. Why? I already hit the 1вah. Oh, can it not be said that it's done to me? Oh, can it not be said that it's done to me? Oh, we gotta have a hockey game after that. That was incredible. This you can stay for and who are you able to play with us? I do like that. Good old Spartan's man. Good old. So you think I care about Spartan's of course not? Oh. Well, there's Darrell Sibler. Who is the answer to that trivia course that that's not totally head and you stumped out of it? You think I don't know my Maple Leaf trivia, Mr. 10 points among the guys to Boston, Bruins? There are similar five goals before you kidnished it. There's Darrell. You better be the potential. You wouldn't know Darrell Sibler from it all fitler. Who? Shame on you. Exactly. Well, there you go. That was the answer to somebody on the my space. You know, he's an expert, Neil. You know, we're gonna test you with some trivia. I mean, ask me something difficult, okay? Like what kind of a bow tie was fast to who it were in 1932 and the first game of Maple Leaf guns? Ask me something like that. What color was the bow tie? Schmuck? Not who scored the most points. We can be brave. Last week, I don't know if you saw this story. A white F-4150, a light-queen Volkswagen Golf and an electric blue core vet. Oh. These vehicles were not lined up in an auto-shoe room, but they were pulled out of a murky canal in Southwest Broward last week as part of an operation by BSL and National Insurance Crime Bureau. That's BS. Nearly 2,000 BSL drivers spent today under water when a canal along Griffin Road between US-27 and Bata-Vanimenture, the Divers pulled up 31 vehicles 27 to which have been previously before in Stolen Court of BSL. Oh, I like that. The other four were still being traced, 14 to the 27 stolen cars were found with a keys in the ignition. None of the vehicles was connected to any of the crimes according to the Sheriff's Office. Among the recovered vehicles, see if we want to aid these, a 64-4T bird, a 77 triumptu. A 77 cattle act and several newer miles, a 64-4T bird, a 77 cattle act, and several newer miles, a 64-4T bird, a 77 cattle act, and several newer miles, a 64-4T bird, a 77 cattle act, and several newer miles, a car's truck CSUB is currently BSL. The vast majority of cars dumped in canals are insurance fraud cases, BSL, coaxmen Elliott Cohen said. Most of the time, it's people that don't want to pay their car pay Miss Nill Morris and Joseph Castro. A special age with National Insurance Crime Bureau, then may you file a false police report thing their car was stolen. But the recovery operations can serve another purpose finding missing people. It may diversify the body of 18 year old Matthew Sterling in the front seat of his red 4-day phone 50. So, the merchant that can now not too far from the canal, the investigator searched Wednesday. Surely, in the missing for six months, Jesus, his family is made at their mission out of families, find lost ones and canals other waterways. In the missing for six months, and he was in a canal, the car did. Remember that we'll be Christine? I'm sure you'd have talked about that 80 million times. What was that punky kid who was also in breast to kill? The kid with the glasses. I don't know if you can see that. But John Stachwell was in prison. He knew that. Oh boy, I like that movie a lot. Mostly him. They teamed up to family, teamed up with Dynorupary, founder of Missing Children in the National Ministries and Organization that uses volunteers look for missing children. On January 6th, the volunteer groups conducted a search along the C11 South River Canal spanning a mile and a half west of Bata Venture Boulevard. Volunteers located six cars, information that was later shared with the B. Oh, set Alison McNan, the Sterling's aunt. I don't say aunt. I just can't do it. You know, I know it's very ghost to say aunt. But I love that we can't say aunt. You could, you know, meet it halfway. And, uh, and see, uh, the grandest assistant on the Bank of the Canal Wednesday is told first pulled up car after car, since he was pleased at the B. Oh, it was finally doing the right thing. It's about time, he said, I'm better than making sure that no one is in those cars. Cole and said the agency's operation was not planning to respond to the findings by the McNaness group. This was originally planned for November. He said, those postpone through the death of deputy Brian Teford. He was going down November after a traffic stop in Tamarack. I have no idea what that has to do with this, but never less. Cole and said, be a solo continued working with the National Insurance Crime Bureau to organize similar operations throughout Brown. We've saved some large cars. Isn't it amazing? All these people that go fishing in the canals? Or I just pulled up a 64 T-bird. Hey, that'd be something for a baby's something. November 167 votes on the pool. And by the way, and we've been on almost the whole four hours today, and one thing I don't think I'd bother to mention today. We're in number one. Damn it. I should've told you. You should, you know, you should be knowing people that. Yeah. Well, in case you missed it just now, let me say it again. We're in number one. Sounds very like I'm petting myself on the back. But since nobody else there, we didn't want to do it. Except stuff she was in this morning. Oh, congrats. It was really ripping the rest of the, but I don't want to say that. That's bad. I want to get him in hot water. Wouldn't be the first time though. I hear he likes it in that water. 1167 votes on the pool. Another one of our award-winning pools. And I'm not that one for tomorrow. Yes, I think I'll save the themes. All right. Well, no, because this one is so good. Don't you agree? I do agree. This guy is a wall with his pool. Whoever this is, please write in my spouse. No, okay. If were you faxed along. Let's see. My spouse. He's got the exes on there. Say, what about your current? What do you mean? Oh, I see. And I hate this. Okay, this is going to be very easy. I love these kind of things. I love these kind of things. They like type it all out. And then all I have to do is just put us one or two or one and two or two or two or two or two or two or two or two or two or two or two or two and then the faxed into the fan of Eric. And we're all set. And did you ever figure out what Eric was telling you about the why it won't print that word on there? No, he said me a link to the four of them or discussing it. But I didn't read a word of it because I just don't care. And so you didn't believe me. I told you that. And so you tested it and come to find out that there's a button. You, it's just dot dot. And one of my online best buddies. They didn't believe me either. And he printed it out. That was very weird. But you know, it's just one of those things. I don't know why. I mean, is there something sinister or subversive about the word online? There must be. Huh. And publish that. No like being online or it's Walgreens. That for a bit. Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool? Let's say our pool today 1171 votes on there. NeoCon 374. Hummel and Dread. Lundefive. Maniacs. Butchers. Crazy people. The average American idol of you were Fio 2. People who watched Polk around TV 114. Uh-oh. The average American idol contest in 89. Myspace.com members 84. The average QM sports show collar 78. I hate this pool 67. And the average N. Rogers show collar 63. That's because they haven't had all the good calls we had today. You'll see. Do any QM hello? See there's everyone's arm with that. Ducked it was great. Wasn't too bad. Sound nice and crist. Christine to me. QM. It puts a Tom Bringley in the back. Yeah. WQL. You leave Tom Bringley's basketball alone. Okay. QM hello. You gay. U.S. stupid. WQLM hello. QM. WQLM. Well, he's your vanished. Not that a Chris one thing about Chris man. Rip him if you want and deservedly so for a lot of things. But he's got a very fast ring back to him. So I heard. WQLM hello. Yeah. I'm going to hockey question Thursday. Believe me. I'd be at the front. I'll play with you. Gila Flur. Not that. I'll play with you. Yeah. Gila Flur. Yeah. Gila Flur. Okay. You want to trip to Frog City, Schmuck. One fifty two a QM there's two. Good news. Let us know what we have finally located weapons of mass destruction. It's Dick Cheney. Dick Cheney tried to help out. And that's done. Sean McIro. But he's fierce as pregnant again. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have made a formal request to the world's journalist to leave them alone while they're in Africa. If has something had a concussion. How would you know? Four of those guitarist, he grittards his recovered from really bad weekend. He fell out of a tree and crashed in Jetsky all the same day. You know the worst part about this heat wave across the country is Al Gore. Welcome, I'm going to tell you so. I want to play both. I made an anacol Smith made me pregnant. Sar Jones has been fired from the view effective immediately. Well, they go drumble for Bob Star Michael Jackson. No Gibson. Beaks about the night that changed everything. And as well as President Silatana's smiling cousin was the devil. What do you think of me? The law that had been a crush on Yikes Whitney Houston. And it's the moment here. Phil's in die hard fans and been waiting for her. They view Album hit swords today. Florida Commiser and Mark Foley writing a book. The book will be about 400 pages and I'll unlock the book. But the book will be about 400 pages. The man who the rule knew is the Crocodile Hunter was attacked by a stingray. President Bush was so angry. North Korea, he's called our celebrities not to adopt any children from that cast. Emily Anderson and Kim Rock, each filed divorce petitions from one another. Pretty spares Kevin Fetterline divorce could get even scarier. It's a new book called, if I didn't. OJ Simpson details how the killings would have gone down if she had anything to do with them. My name is Bora. You know my country, they were the world crazy. For these two, not so much little African boy Madonna is adopting a ride with her home today. Kim was a little intimidating because when he got there she was hanging out across. I'm very, very sorry. The African American community for the upset. I knew it was the last seven lemon shells that was in the get name. This was a terrible honor. She's her job. Donald Trump this morning said he can fully intended to fire her today. But decided not to. Nicole Richie arrested for driving under the influence. Police say she was going the wrong way. Who are those? The special thing for the inside and if you take a look at it, she's a sloth. She talks like a truck driver. While these advance around the world are dealing with a sudden loss in the music, I caught James Brown. I'm kind of kind. Yeah. More on my side. Bye bye bye.