The U. God! Two nights on duty jobs. I'm out of radio station in South Florida. WQAM, what they call sports radio. With me as program director, Clarence, Yes, thanks. Thank you. Okay, Clarence. I didn't know you had basements in Florida. Can you tell me what we're standing here? We're in the bowels of WQAM. Underneath the designated parking area. Only a few know of this area. This is the place exactly. Is there all this machinery? This is where we perform operations on the sentient talent. Desenting talent? Yes. What is the sentient? We're in all sports stations. Sometimes we get on air talent, who's stray from the format. What do you mean stray from? Oh, they start talking about women, music, sex, world of events. We can't have that. It confuses the two of three diehard low-income sport-hole listeners. We're trying to cater, too. Let's see. Now you have a midday show that pretty much pays all the bills here, but it isn't sports related. That's the one I'm talking about. Why hate it? I just hate it. Oh. He's ready. Okay, lower him down. Good. George Rodriguez. A real troublemaker. Okay. His brain is a small enough jacket to focus on sport. How am I running the dirty here? What we do is we saw the scoff open up the sentient talent and then we removed the brain and replaced it with a much smaller one. There it goes. I can get him unconscious. We had more gas to the existing restroom aroma to help make him pass out there. They're not even aware that it's very affecting. Okay. Run the circular saw around the top of his skull. Like this. Yes. We're doing very good. Okay. Just throw the brain in that dumpster and replace it with this one. It's the size of a P. These smaller brains were designed for sport only. What's that green low? Oh no. It's not George. Well, who is it? It's another one of the damn droids. That's just two of them. We're always blinding me now. We better get out of here. Okay. Come on. Let's throw that in second. Who is it thought? Pradio. Here's our dirty job. There's our dirty job. 72 A. Hello. How are you like that? Took him by surprise. Oh, I'm going to do that. Oh, I know. That might be the only call I take today. All the way down. I'm going to be calling 10 to the day. Or maybe not. I'll do whatever the hell I want to do. How's that? Anyway, we've got technical issues on there. I know a lot of you people go on here about that whole my space thing. Quite frankly, I don't blame you because technically, you know, it's a free site and when something is free, they don't really give a crap. So they have real issues. And they don't have enough capacity to be able to all as sitting people on there. And so as obviously after them, well, I don't want to go through the whole story yet. One of our listeners out there, though, did tell me that NBC is an answer. Can't sing passions. Oh, my God. Brother, I haven't watched that thing in ages. You know, let's take care of things in all the characters and Timmy Croaked and all the other people disappeared. It just, I don't know. What does it become the point without Timmy? That's right. We don't have Timmy. Who now gives a crap about passions. He was your passion for passion. Shut up! What the hell was that? We're going to be acting now! Oh, let me just read the line of first for Josh Cortis. Isn't that who asked me to do this? Because he's in charge of QM.com now. And he's our good buddy. Even though he's 17 different people also on my space. Yeah. Well, it was Miguel that asked you to do it. But we'll pretend to go. And we turn Miguel as working feverishly right now on my my space thing to see how you can send me. I just can't reply to you. Right. Getting messages from people. But I just, my responses for a little whole story in a minute. And boy, did I ever freak out yesterday? You know how I wasn't emotional. Bansky case I am. Hmm. And I don't want anybody to take it personally. I don't want anybody to take it personal. But you know, most of you, if I can't send you messages well, I won't change my thought. Right. That's bad. But anyway, see. And if you trust me enough to give me yourself a number, then I will call it. And we'll chat and I can keep in touch with you. So I have one person like that so far. And thank God for him. But anyway. QM is given away. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win. On to WM.com. Now there's an empty website for another Josh Cortis. It's got his legs wrapped around it. Log on WM.com. Become a member of the QM fan club. Then listen for your name to be announced during the power hour between four and five. And to win a Corizalized Super Bowl price back automatically qualified as one of 41 finalists for the grand prize drawing. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from Corizalized and five sixty QAM. Or is that QAN? Rock solid? I don't know how to do that just like he does. Thank God. Anyway, let's say before I get into that tale of wool. So if there are people out there thinking, how come kneels not responding to me? You know, like my friend Brandon and other people out there who are actually communicating with for a long time now. I get your message. I just can't respond no more as a five year stamp. And I'll tell you the whole story momentarily. And by the way, whoever was doing Ethan Boy, the way we really we job. I guess they just ran out of patience with it. You know what I mean? I guess. I'm going to do a scan and you're going to play somebody for a fool and did it for a while. You know, we don't have to like one day pretty weak. They ran out of material, like most of the callers QAN. You know, I hate to say this because I really like Josh a lot. But if you compare that website to like 790 tickets. Oh, get out of here. Go back and kiss us. Do not send the ass where you compare it to 790 tickets. Wait, we got the ratings coming up. I'm going to put it to this point. Get out of your Palomar Magnifying glass. Okay, pal. They may be available to see 790 tickets numbers. We'll get them a lot of promotion. Oh, the brother. That was just good as Ethan. That's how legitimate that call was. Just as fake. Just as fraudulent. Just as phony. You could smell it from a billion miles away. Yeah. Tick it my ass. Okay. For being too big. One of these 7 this morning, George. QAN. Hello. Excellent. Yeah. Can you play some snafu? And I had a, yeah, certainly do as coming out. That's going to be our new format. And what was the other one? Yeah. That's the roof. That's the right. That's the right. Here's a matter of fact. Do it somewhere. I'll sniff around. Or QAN. You can queue up to ride. We're going to get a lot of good calls today. I can just smell it. I have such a good feeling about life at this point. I don't know what that's all about. I had a good machine yesterday. It would buy. I started out with a crappy machine. And not too good of a star. But then I found a good machine. And I had a winning day. I don't want to say 1200 bucks. Because I don't want to go on a year and talk about how much I want. Oh, or people all through. Yeah, who want part of it. Swingway about that will. I don't play that often enough. That's what one of his best. Oh, that's Jeffrey Duwell. Yeah. Yeah. That's how to do it. I'll be off my couch. I'll do it in a break out. Little round of a hearing scene. I can find my dude. I don't want to be the dude to do all this. Okay. That's it for that crap. This day was Elvis today. It's Jeffrey Duwell. Oh, that's a drool. Yeah. You got it. And you can keep it. I didn't want it. But I got it anyway. I went for like when I was an Amsterdam. I went ahead of my apartment there. That's when my stuff was coming out. I'll just take no crap. And, you know, it was in the first place. Then the account's broadcasted in people were in Unison. That party radio. How many days did that land? What is wrong, sir? We're that. Yeah. That's the song that Mike Disney was playing over. And over. I spot on my touch that party radio coming out. You can get it. Okay. So. And it just go. And it, you know, there reminds me of what it reminds me exactly of this. Oh, you only not know. You know what? Put a beef behind this. And if you have a hit, it could be due to all over again. You right. WDQAM. Hello. Q8. M. Come on in. Come on in. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Okay. Hey. What's going to be the question our answers today? What does that mean? You're gay. Yeah. Okay. Good. I was going to say. No material. QAM. The biggest names. The best ones. And George Rodriguez. 5. 60. WQAM. Wait. That's funny when he posted it as a comment. Okay. That was the best. That's the same guy. I just relax. Don't be alive about these people. Okay. So I'm going to tell my story. First let's get to the show. Then I'll take a Zin in these calls today. Because they can tell these people are on fire. They're on fire. Most of our strangers. But they're on fire. I can't give that on to my head. You was stranger. And I had another good example of it yesterday. But as we if I care, I couldn't care less. And did not. Didn't I tell you from the moment that picture showed up there on there? Well, when somebody sends you a nearly naked picture, you know that they're a fraud. And that's just a stranger, but not even a real person. Anybody can take anybody else's profile pictures like they've done with Josh Cortis, for example. And all of a sudden, they're Ethan. They're whoever to hell they are, you know. And that was pretty weak. Pretty lame effort. A series of explosions and shootings rock bagged at this morning, killing at least 19 people and wounding dozens fully said. It's just a picnic over there. Man, somebody bring the ants. Three car bombs detonated with an incidentary of vegetable market. They were not only soon in neighborhood of Dora and Southern Baghdad. At least 10 people died in 30. But 30 men. And they police officers said. Another bomber exploded in the central bag that it was showing killing four people. And wounding 11, two other police officers said. One said that that toll was expected to rise like a whole bunch. At least two huge explosions rang out across the area in our part. A park car, they destroyed a busy through a furnace. Religiously mystery and central bag that killing four people and wounding 10. Police said the blast for many cars and chatter the windows and nearby stores. Come and also open fire on an Iraqi police patrol near Al Shobb State of Eastern Baghdad killing one policeman and wounding another. On Wednesday, a suicide car bomber killed 17 shearots at a teaming Saturday city market. While coming in predominantly soon, he neighborhood of Baghdad, Chetapakana boy of democracy workers in an ambush that took lives of an American woman and three bodyguards and it just goes on. And this is what George W. has brought to Iraq in sanity, lunacy chaos, murder and bloodshed, I say you lunatic, you butcher. Anyway, here's the appell from yesterday. Should kneel, dump the my space page. I know this thing, and I'm listening to you, I'm trusting you and other people I'm communicating with that they have technical issues that are just unbelievable, continuously. And it just seems strange. I guess it's my bad luck or something like that. But I'll tell the whole story about what had what he had, he followed yesterday in a minute. Should kneel, dump the my space page. 13 of 19 votes. Oh, look at that, yes it's killing the show is down to 22.4 percent, 26. That's a feather in my crab, man. I'll take it right now. Took a feather, and he duttle, and he took a feather, how's that go? Yankee duttle was hit or what? He don't want to know, it's perverse. Mark? Huh? Yeah. Now seriously, how does that go? Yankee duttle was a putz. Took a feather, stuck in his back though. Yes, yes, it's killing the show. The 296, 22.4 percent, whatever, 255 did very well. Nice going George. Let's hear it for little George. Stuck a feather in his hat and call them macaroni. Yeah, very good. Stuck a feather in his hat, maybe that's where that came from. A real feather in his cat. Didn't Penokew have a feather in his cat? I think he did. Well, another place is. Yes. No, I enjoy his pain, 199. Well, there's some pain involved in this. I think hopefully most of that's over the water over the bridge, whatever. I hate my space dot count 174. I would agree with that from a technical standpoint, because I don't all the set out of the blue. You just have these issues. No, it's great. I'm 172. It's great. We love it. No, but me less obsessed 88. Yes, it's killing him 69. And I hate this full only 66. That's the reason I've yesterday's fabulous pool. When we do a pool on the show, it's not just a pool, man. Oh, the ticket, man, compared to your wife, yeah, right? That was just so pathetic. Like I told you people across this week before, you can't talk your way into numbers. Okay, you can't talk your way into success. You can put on an act and you can play a lot of phony phone calls and play a lot of stupid games. That doesn't mean people are going to listen to the swirl that you're putting on here. Don't you understand it? God, the number of people that they got listened right now during when my show was on against them, you could put them in a symbol and have room left for a polka and his macaroni. macaroni sounds good, by the way. And it does. I don't want to start with that again. You hate the court. People that were trapped macaroni and cheater. Bordons macaroni and cheesons really good. But not that I'm 187 and my blood sugar is pretty good today. Why would I want to do that? Let's write, don't do it. But it really sounds good. Am I junior honey? You look good for love and my perception is way. With some blood sugar, your soul from my space. Ooh, we're down to my ass. I'm a fake bro, but I'm. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. I can be good looking or at that every age. My high-locking or maybe just straight. Look at all my dull friends that I've got so far. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Oh, the time. If you're going to die, die, die. You're going to find the pain we got. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. Even though I may be incredibly lonely. You're rather known with my reason for nothing but life. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. I can be good looking or at that every age. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Sweet. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. Cool in a mind. It probably feels like, you know, jealous. I have some people out there, even on the my space in the little bit jealous about pay too much attention to somebody else, but they have no fear. You know what I'm saying? They know who that's for. Sean said, let's see, right after I sent you the best musicians who I heard a Lionel whose voice makes Gillesadly sound like James Earl Jones discussing Chicago when limiting their absence from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. How can Chicago not be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? You know, I saved that list of the very, very, very different people out there and the band was not because we remember how outraged we were. Yeah, I don't know what their criteria is, but it's wrong, whatever it is. He says, now we can argue about who should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame until we sound like Jimmy and Danny gang, but Patty Smith with his solitary number 13 hit written by somebody else's in, and Chicago is still in the waiting room, thumbing through old magazines, man. As an aside, I saw Patty Smith on extensive rock documentary on Sundance, not even back in the 70s. He can hardly be described as comely, but a reference today to the rather shocking as well as the Deming Endowment of the tragic inequities of the Identical Seas of Mental Plan Offer by Mr. Records. I find myself thankful that television pipes in only Sound and sight and not smell. Oh, my gosh, there's a shot from Sean. Arrested records my ass. So anyway, we got 946 on the pool. We're going to have a thousand before two Shakes of a Land sail again. So when you get to be old, you start using a lot of old Fuddy Dirty cliches and like I told you a couple of days ago, you live your life in one day, wake up and you're an old fart. You're odd, geez. Not me. Yeah, me. But I feel sprung. I had a good day there with the although out when I Tell you this story, man. It's so typical. Only the best part of it is this will disturb whoever Was behind it and it doesn't bother me in the least Because I sniff that one out right in the beginning. Oh, man, did it stink. What are these things? It's most likely happened in 2007. The US will attack Iran for it in 13 to which I can only say, oh, hey, Neil will loaf at the my space friend. Yeah, 33. But I voted for it. Did we really bite? Oh, what a wonderful thought. I might lose that friend right now. If he hears that, don't run away sweetheart. Jim Manissel work at a full week without taking a day off 101. I don't think that's likely. Jim Manissel work a full week without taking a day off. Let me look at the schedule this week. Wouldn't that be something if that happens this week already? Yes. At least it's on the schedule. He's scheduled to be on every single day this week. How do you like that? So that one might be the correct answer. W will be in peace. We can only pray. Put your legs together. Or maybe real hard. And the 71. Hank will lose an ounce. 70. Uncle losing ounce. So it would be too honest. That's going to be too bad. 187. Aren't you proud you didn't pat me on the back and say, well, that's pretty good for a fat. Oh, there you go. Those are the pets. I hate this pool 57. Wayne will sell the dolphins 53. They don't even have a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. But the dolphins should only pray both of you. No, we'll return to WQ. And George will get his own show on QM. You're a nice guy. They know that that's the most unlikely thing. So the 90. 20. 24. George will get his own show. Especially since he's not nearly as good as those tapes. That he'll go. That he covers and squeeze. You're opposed to, but I'm going to put some on just so that he can. Oh, my dead body reaction. 955. And by the way, if anybody else has had these typical difficulties with my, I'm talking about not being able to send a message. Read my blog, okay, if there's anybody who read the blog messages I put up there last night this morning, it just happened like out of the blue and George says, don't worry about it. They're all screw up. That's right. The only constant is that never is. Yeah. Here's a fact that says, speaking of macaron and chises, uncle Leo, I used to be uncle Leonardo's grand pony. I was thinking about that the other day. It was in my communications with people here on this thing. I call myself to some of these people grand pony. And he used to be there start off saying, hey, uncle Leo, that's why it was back in Zeta. That was like 20 years ago. I'm pretty sure that was the year wasn't 87 and 8687 on Zeta. Ratings in an hour, by the way. So speaking of macaron and chises, have you ever tried to velvety macaron and chises? It actually comes with a pack of soft cheese that you squeeze out of the macaron and chises. It's like, sorry George, I know what's the crack product. Yeah, which means it tastes like swivel. It'll be a t-shirt. Sometimes it's really not like bad. Sometimes it's a little story. And again, the only sad story is the technical thing with my space. I really don't think it's connected. Although I went into a panic yesterday. I'm serious. Because you know how emotional and passion that I get with people that I like. Which is one of my faults, you know, nobody's perfect. Even me, how do you like that? Oh, you know me. Perfect, maybe at some time. So yesterday, as you well know, and you were probably getting a little quirky about it, although a little suspicious would have been better. Were you getting suspicious? I was suspicious before I clicked the first click to approve that thing as a friend. Oh, another reason he was on here to, and of course, obviously his profiles also been deleted from your piece. So I said, I dropped the mouse when the picture came out. Oh, yeah. I grabbed my mouse when I saw the picture. I thought I'd have to be prejudiced. Okay. So this Ethan, who allegedly was another one, is, and look at this, these people are on, maybe they're sending me messages and tell me, oh, here's what the deal is on that. Because nobody reads that blog. They're like about five goofy people that read the blog. Sorry. What? That's reassuring. Well, no, I'm just telling you. So when I go on the air, obviously we got a much bigger universe of these people out there. And they're going to relate to me with those all about. And they probably don't know. And maybe it'll get, maybe you keep telling me it'll fix itself. Because if I can't send messages on there, you know? Yeah, that would be awesome. A lot less, a lot less, word for me. I'll tell you that. One of those, there are some people out there that I enjoy sending messages to and they know who they are. And one of the send me messages this morning, he's probably wondering, well, what's the deal doing? Am I getting the shine routine? Well, what can I tell you? And read your email, goofball, read your email, Brandon. But anyway, Paris volunteers for a stunt road trip. This before I take a bit of a story, and then after the break. And then the hour from then we knew we got the numbers coming out. Maybe some bonus money for all of us including Chris, not. Well, Chris, you just started to make a video for a story. He'll throw you a few bones. He is a dog. This is how he's doing. He's going to do our tip for a lunch today. A big important tip, buddy. We keep the hoist people. I thought tomorrow you got soup people coming in the soup. We do. What is that place again? The soup man. The soup man. That's not it. Telling you. Is that it? The world-be-nerm soup man. The soup man. Oh, I'm a soup. I'm a soup sucker. I'll say that right now. Oh, man. All this is from Toronto. A store-ways scum that ended up in Canada after traveling more than 2200 miles shut in the back of the transport. Oh, see, and it's chopped off again. Well, I'll make sure I'm not sure it's story. You can have a confirmed ride now back to California. And Emily Carvinen, executive director at the Toronto Wildlife Center. There's a hoist of a radio show in California. The producer actually taking time off work. She's given warning about potentially a stinky stroller. We can never give a no-sprager in T. of course. They've got to get it back to where it belongs. The brave pair whose name is going to be the only one yesterday. With Ron Day, we'll rendezvous with Central Fristels just across the US border. And it exchange in a female scum will take place. We don't know when he actually said. We're still trying to get the she has to make sure between a week and ten days before the scum can head home. It was a storeway. It came to Toronto. Across the border. I wonder if it had, when I pass a port though. Thank you, ladies. It's time to put in somebody in the ground. It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound. While the family is acting good going, he's melting like a hot-sick hole. It's time to put in somebody in the ground. It's time to put in somebody in the ground. Right now he's just like a car at the in-pile. He's already met St. Peter, but his corpse is by an eater. It's time to put in somebody in the ground. He's nice to put in from somebody in the ground. He's like a single man's in his last and phone. And one of the early hits are closing his body. He's supposed in his time to put in from somebody in the ground. He's time to put in from somebody in the ground. Look, my father also said they haven't found. He's a golden mill was parking. He's 30 minutes to be jerky. It's time to put in from somebody in the ground. He's in 33. I can't wait to go to James Brown. What's it going to be? Grace Lange. James Brown. What are what they're going to call it though? By the way, nobody needs to apply to be a friend here for me to approve it. If it's like some Star Wars character or some stupid thing fake. Yeah, some fake piece of crap like that. We had another fake already last 24 hours. So you see the power of being on the air. It actually works. I got a regular email from my close personal friend Brandon right now because When you go on the air and say hey listen, dummy, I can't say any message. You know what that? Right. It's like, oh well. But you said you better get that other damn thing working because you don't check his brain. A lot of people that they're on a my space thing. They either don't check that very much or vice versa. They don't check their regular email very much. And bear in mind that most people know that it's a very inefficient method of communication. And that it's because it is. It's been working real good for me for the last. You've been working. I've been working. I've been working until last night today since five o'clock yesterday afternoon. I was the last message I was able to send out that worked. I don't know anyone that has it had problems. Really? I've ever old times at least. This isn't just a problem. This is, you know. So anyway, here's the story. So I'm sitting at wood vine and well, I finally found that good machine and do it really well. And of course, I got my blackberry there. So I'm spite of what I've been warned not to do about my tutor out there in radio land. I'm yelling at my blackberry. And as long as I got it, I might as well check the messages. Right or send one or two. Right. And this Ethan. Well, first of all, let's back up a little bit. Ethan, who allegedly is this hot young 19 year old student at Nova University. And he came on to my pay. And of course, did not tell you, as soon as I saw the picture, what did I say to you? Fake, total fake fraud. Nobody. I don't care who they are. Nobody sends you an application to be your friend with Nick. I'm not naked, but as close to naked pictures as you can get by with, you know. It just doesn't happen. Am I right? Yeah. Just, that's just not the way it works. So anyway, as soon as I saw the other day, I said, I'll fraud. Oh, that was on Tuesday. Tuesday evening, I got involved in this like marathon chatting session with this person. Who's given me all kinds of information about what he's studying and what he likes to do. And he's bisexual and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, all of the other cramp. And then yesterday morning, here he is again. Back coming back for more. All during the show. And every break, every break there's another message. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. And then toward the end of the show, as you'll well recall, out of nowhere, this is supposedly some young bisexual stun who's getting all the chicks and all the guys that he wants to dittle with, you know. And all of a sudden, toward the end of the show, it's like, well, I want you to look at what George is daughter. We're some, some he's some pictures of George's daughter. Yeah. At that point, the aroma. You could have heard all of 50 miles away, right? I just farted too, so maybe you're snowing. Right. That must be what it is. Smells like an egg hard to me. But at any rate. And of course, if it like, you know, dribbles down your pant leg, that makes it a leg fart. But anyway, so he starts trolling about that. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to get really skeptical, but I'm thinking, okay, maybe this is just a week of tempo to humor because a lot of our people, which is going to be a collar. We continue. So I'm in the cab on the way over to Woodbind. I'm just exchanging couple of more messages. And it's getting like a little more sarcastic as time goes on. And then as I'm sitting there having a really good time, I make the mistake. I'm checking messages again. And they're starting to get more sarcastic and more. You'll miss them all. Faggot you, uh, dirty old bastard. But I'm thinking, this is a little bit over the top. You know what I'm saying? Finally comes a Mark Foley-esque message. I mean, I think this you're love about how he's getting dressed for class and he's wearing his silk boxer shorts. And it's not like him. Am I not excited to hear about that? I said, I think you're talking to the wrong guy. I think Mark Foley would love to know that. I said, maybe out of an email, Miss Foley. Well, that, I guess just, uh, you know, that was it. Because the next one, the next message was the last one about, uh, oh, I don't know. Like my silk boxer shorts. Well, what do you want me to be naked for you? You old, miserable, perverted bastard. Like that. And I thought, oh, okay. I thought to myself, one question. Uh, yeah, that was it. And that was that. So I, I'm in the cab. I'm on a way home with my winnings after, uh, you know, not a bad day. One of few bucks. And I send a message saying, uh, pathetic. Really weak fake job by you and whoever the F. You are and, uh, you know, take a hike. Within one minute, within 60 seconds after I sent that message, which was red, uh, profile along with this, which means either one of two things happened, either he shut it down or, uh, you know, he had put up a bunch of naked pictures of whatever in my space, shut him down, which I don't think so. It's more likely than at that point. Oh, the jig is up the game is over and I hit my fun and, and who cares? What do I care? Who, who, who don't care about that? So poorly done. So, so this is either, uh, all over again, or a stunt, all in other words, an imitative, you know, they always get the imitators, right? Who's trying to like, uh, replicate the business. So I, I get home and I said a message to one of my regular groupies out there. I don't want to say Brandon on the ear again. I said, but I'm just saying Ethan turns out to be a total fake, uh, his profile pages down by Boba Baw and that was the last one that I sent that went through. I get home here and, again, on my, uh, my space, of course, because I'm addicted. And I'm sending, uh, you're, huh? You're a what? Emilia. A jackass, an A hole. Hey, listen, at least I admit it. There are a lot of A holes walking around. They don't admit it. They pretend they're like, how's that? I'm a jerk, man. I'm a fool. An absolute idiot. So I'm trying to like send a message to my other close personal friend on there. And I hit send and it says, you know, when you click send on there, when you send a message. And almost immediately, little box comes up with a big check mark. Your message has been sent. Boba Baw. I go back to the inbox and I look in the scent column and there's no, it has been sent. Anybody. Because if the message goes through to somebody, you can see their picture and it's like, you know, either, uh, scent or red or on red or what? Yeah, and nothing there. Now, I try another message and I'm getting really, really freaked out at this point. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm thinking to myself, why wouldn't it go through? I send the same person on the message, same result. Didn't go through. Now, I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what's all that I do now? And if I offended somebody else here, it looks like somebody blocked me. I mean, can you block somebody from saying to you messages? I guess you. I get one. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know, but that's the first thing being paranoid insecure in an old fool like I am. That's the first thing that came to my mind. And I'm thinking to myself, what the hell is that all about? So luckily, having this person's cell phone number, thank God because it's the one. When I was just on red, this, uh, a goofball again. Replicaant. Sorry for all the Star Wars stuff. I just, the rather have a picture of me on there. I don't want to get out of here. Replicaant, my ass. Okay. Delete, delete, delete. Sorry for, yeah. This is, this is probably, uh, even part two, all over again. 24 year old male, my ass. Oh, no, here's another long message. So I'm going to, I'll send the rest of the story after the break. But to make a long story short, my space blows. I can feel you. This is a fake message. It's an exaggeration. Pot's not good. It's great. This is breaking news. A Walt Disney World employee dressed as the character, Tigger, was accused of hitting a child while posing for a photo. As there's by, said it was ugly. Here now is what may have possibly could have happened. Let it get, maybe not. Turn the lights to Disney World. Mom, dad, and Jerry, too, and yet. Pass the sea cups and the turkey, lay stand when they saw that big orange ball of earth. Heard about, they love you, be loud. Something just didn't seem right. Crazy cat from the hunt, really good wood. Stop the set, get them spotted by. Oh, my God. I'm strong to take a contrary in the face. And I'm jacked from the tail into his nuggets. Back to me. I'm strong to take a run, blood through every place. And the last thing is never to take. Off the take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. I'm strong to take. You're the dog you kick the kid in the shit. And big with that of couple cheap shots in. Then I'll let them touch the tangerine, crystal furrow. Who on bottom is stupid yellow raincoat. He had a similar eye sort and a girl named Launcher. In the fight that started with a punch. Oh, I'm a taker. This is a couple of you wouldn't care to pick her up. Let's stand right. Right, then let's pick her up. You know what's on that storage? Just disappeared? Yeah, because it was much to do about nothing. I wish I could. Not only much to do about nothing, I think the father ought to be taking and strapped away a dirty somewhere. But anyway, we got a thousand, thirty-three votes on a full. What is happening over there, man? I don't know. It's on fire today, holy moly, right? Don't forget, QM is giving away. Now did Miguel come in there and say, I got the solution for Niels. My space problem? No. Well, in that case, I'm not going to read the promo. No, this is not for him anyways, for Josh Cortes. I think. QM is giving away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win log on to WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club. Then, listen for your name to be an answering the power hour when it occurs like Super Bowl prize-pack. And automatically be qualified as one of 41 finalists for the grand prize drawn. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from course-light and five, sixty. QM! Walk, saw that. I get out of here. Silly first. So why don't we get back to my story? So I'm on total state of panic because I figure I've been blocked out here by one of the only people on our really. I see I keep saying that that's very bad. It's very insulting, well, these are the 184 people. But it's true, and you know what, and he knows that it was in everybody else called it. Somebody that I'm tight with, see them saying. And so I get on the cell phone and I leave a couple of messages because he's still at work and he's not picking up the cell phone which is a lot of people have that habit. But I do get the voicemail. Can I leave two messages? Did you block my thing and I'll come back to my message there I'll come through. And his message did come through one of my space. I didn't block anybody in Yadi, Ayadi, and whatever. So after that, I called him, he had a wonderful, wonderful, like glorious 30 minute conversation made my entire life. That was nice. See, and if somebody gives you their cell phone number, then you're their home number Then you can be in touch with them, especially if this thing cramps out. See, well, that that's when you discover you got a real friend. Mm-hmm. Another people are paranoid, making excuses. Oh, I don't get my number. Let me just give a little advice to all you people out there. Okay, if you've been exchanging messages with somebody on an email My space, whatever hell is your place, your face, and after a long series of messages for days and days, and they don't want to give you any information? Well, I don't know. Be real skeptical. Am I right? Yes. We're skeptical. Hey, well, we got a thousand 38 votes on there. So to make a long story sure, I come to find out. I can't say anybody in email. They do the same thing. It looks like it went through and then you check on there, and nobody's getting him and it doesn't show up in the same conversation. It's my cent page because I emptied it out is blank. There's nothing in there. And this replicant, if you don't stop wasting my time when he's stupid, you know, Mark Oster, whoever you are, I think it's what's your name. Just cut the crap. I'm not putting fanton people on there or thing. Okay, I have no problem. We need 15 more for low and 100 which be a nice feather in your crap. But an eye for example, here's the Zane, who's 39 years old and poor Charlotte. How do you like that? Zane. I wonder if he's in Zane. He's single. He doesn't say he wants children someday. Well, it doesn't work that way Zane. But anyway, he's a, come on now. Just leave him alone. He's a good guy. He's a thousand 86. Okay, I don't know if he's a good guy or not. Maybe he's an expert or I have no idea. But he's a thousand 86. And that pretty impressive. I would say so myself. But some other words, there are no technical suggestions. No idea as well. See, in my first impression was that his group ball, this Ethan, whoever the imposter was pretending to be, whoever this kid in the picture was, and done something to dittled with my ability to send the message. But everybody has told me negative terrain. I spoke to our computer ace Eric Lysson. Eric Lysson always check in things out for me man. He's the best. You know, carry your pigeons when you tie a little note to their leg and throw it up in the air. Yeah, they more reliable method of communications. And I say yes. I don't know. I wasn't having any problem. I was getting everybody else's messages. They were getting mine. That was going on for days and days and days and days. Everything. And they were even crossed my mind that this kind of a glitch, a technical glitch could like interfere with all your interpersonal relationships. So many of the errors, I said me and email last night saying, oh, I guess what? There's some other people on the tech page. They're having the same problems too. So I look on here and I was able to send a my own bitch about that on there and it went through on that tech page. But there were only four other people from various parts like from New York and some other guy Miami and around who were also not able to send and receive messages. So obviously, it was some major glitch on there. Parts on a big tech girl thing. They're sure we've been a lot more than five of us to send a message on her. Am I right? Nope. No, well, first of all, I wouldn't have been for Eric. I would have had no idea where to send a message. And I grabbed my bitch and said, I'm so on. And that's just the way it goes. So there are some messages coming through this morning. I had you send me a message which came through fine from your from the, from the same, my space thing, right? In other words, it's the same right report. So if there was something wrong with our page. So it's obviously something here on because where I am or whatever the deal is, whatever that you'll never understand it. They might not understand it. They don't lot to understand it and they don't care. Well, screw that. How do you know exactly there you go? Did I read this promo or not? No. No. QM is given away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to be in log onto the inside. Did log out of QM.com to come over to QM fan club. You're here alone and take. I just read it. What a maniac. Now we did again. If we're gulking give me a. Now this is all on the gal by the way. He's our my space. Maybe he's the one that started all this stuff. And all new people out there who think that the show has been taken over by this and you're getting really tired a bit. Well, you can blame Miguel. Send him a hostile email. Guess who died? Somebody a little care about our buck walk wall. You know that already? Somebody texted it on the tonight show is going to four hours and passes is getting canceled. And goes to show you the peak I've needs to be taken out. He needs to be hanged at it like Sodom with his neck chopped off. Columnist and Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur. Oh, oh, oh, oh buck wall. Fuck him, I can't read this more. I'm a little tongue part from all the pressure on this thing. Columnist Arthur, Arthur, heart buck wall who for over four decades. Qu remake of the life in fangs a watch of the infectious wood and ended himself too many of his never say died battle with failing kidneys is then at eighty one. Buck wall time jolla was with his father. This goes the scatterer's death. Saying it past away quietly with his home late last night with his family. Buckwood had refused to allow his treatment for his failing kidneys last year, was expected that would in weeks have moved into a hospice on February 7, but he lived to return home and even write a book about his experiences. I remember sending out Bob Lassidy, the article by Buckwood about his own miraculous succumb. The last year we had the opportunity for a victory lap, and I think he was really grateful for a jeweled book while said he had an opportunity to write his book about his experience even though the way he wanted to go on his own terms. Neither Buckwood nor his doctors could have explained how he survived in such great condition for so long and how he didn't seem to mind. The unexpected lease on life gave Buckwood a pure surprise one at a time for an extended and extraordinarily public goodbye, as he helped court date in a hospice salon with a procession of family friends and acquaintances. I'm going out the way very few people do he told AP and April. Buckwood said enormous interviews after his decision became public that he was not afraid to die, but he wasn't impressed about his fate and that he wasn't fact having the time of his life. Oh, boy. What does that say about the rest of his life? Often called a widow Washington during his years, Buckwood's name became Sonanas with political satzare. He was well known to for his wide smile and affinity for big stovies, maybe those big cigars, those big double inches, you know? Remember those days when we used to get all MC cars? Oh, brother. You should tear my throat up over to one's head. I used to like the animal lights. Right? Yes. Oh, boy those were great smoke. I mean, it just tore my gut cell because they got paper on them. Oh, he used to tear my kishki's out of a boy. It were a great smoke. Among his more famous criticisms, if you attacked his establishment long enough and hard enough, they'll make you a member of it. Naturally, he found humor in his choice to read Mount Stiles, this and wrote about it in some of his final columns. I know that the hospice says the man who wouldn't die, he wrote in March, how long they allow me to stay here's another problem. I know where I'd go now or people would still want to see me if I wasn't in the hospice, but in case you're wondering, I'm having a swell time the best time of my life, he said. The rest January, Dr. Samputated Buckwall's right leg, but no, the knee because of circulation problems. Losing it was a very traumatic experience. He said probably influences the citizenry reject the three-time week five hours of the day down the street, and in two thousand years of the summer to major stroke. Fat and a lot of stogies, baby. It's syndicated come at one point a period and more than 500 newspapers worldwide. It appeared twice a week in publications, including the Washington Post and was attributed to by community services. Art Buckwall, this day, he was 81. He was just funny guy. He's a hot kind of, I mean, he got the more funny. Well, I guess what movie was on again, I saw who you did last summer. I'll ride with Ryan Philippe looking really, really tight and wasn't talking like that. He wouldn't do that. He looked good. What do these things, just most like that happened in 2007, we have a thousand and fifty nine votes that is revolutionary man. Thousand and fifty nine. The US will attend, I still can't send any messages on it, stupid thing. The US will attack around 454. Neural low for the My Sprays friend, 151. Oh, what does that happen? Jim Madness will work a full week without taking me day off on 09. See my luck, just like a story I had from one of our friends out there. I like what we had arranged to meet Ethan, you know, the phone. Yeah. No, and he'd be like a 70 year old man. Jim Madness will work a full week without taking a day off. That's this week by the way, 109. WWE will be in Peefe's 83 on praying man. I'm like a praying man for us. Hank will lose an ounce, 70, six. I hate this full 68, 644%. The rain will sell the dolphins 59. Moe will return to QA, I'm looking at that sky. But third man. Do it, do it, do it, do it. George will get his own show on QA. I'm your catch in Moe though, 29, you only won behind. Yeah, right. Solamente you, you know, so put the pedal to your show. This is your plan. Any questions? If you're going to have a week, I'm the one with Tyson. I got a trouble again. So. Tyson got a rest in one December. Knife. When cops follow the coke, can't understand. He's been right a mile, but up the fight. He's not like we promise at you feet. Jim, good night. Tyson is a man. Metra's back. I'm sure you know the red. Metra's back. Barless, a lenders press. And he punches so rioty. I'm not good at tests. I'm so gold with step on take. I'm an Arizona guy and I'm back this week. He almost said, fly to police. Hey, head of agafata, I'm an Arizona's knee. Covidus and me, the cocaine job. That's forming my ties and it's a red. Metra's back. He's a mental health chair. Metra's back for his sudden inshna. If he weren't we need, look just like誰. Wait, wait, wait. What do you say? I will look at my sweat. Look at that room for him. We chipped the wall my Tyson. And I'm out of the box here. And I'm a little more in the fire than the sweat. Nothing remodeled. I'm so hurtful. Let us learn all this, we're not making any sense. The former Sancties, the meeting scene. What's up? Where these miles you look like a picket bat. You don't got to fall, robbing me. I love robbing my ties and it's a man. As a back home, so you know the red. As a back home, it's a landed press. And he punches so rioty. I've got only before I don't do what it catches. My disease is whenever he can't fall. He took over the test you see. He's broke. Now what I'm saying. He's the only one he did anymore. Because cops got mad. I said, we're close. Thousands of seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven. I've got to fall. I'm bad. And I've gotten the sign for George immediately. I've not sooner. You know that stuff you sent to our mutual friend yesterday morning did not go through. Really? So we send it, please. Do it at their place. As a personal favorite to me and my personal best friend of the universe. Please send it. There you go sweetheart. See what I take care of my people or what? I try my best. And the interesting part of it is see. This is a bad thing. This is a horrible thing to say. But I'm going to say it anyway. Because you know, by the way, ratings 27 minutes, whatever. It's coming in the water and in there with them, about a half an hour. But the fact that I have, because I'm getting emails from both of those two people on there that I'm in touch with and want to continue keeping in touch with. What if whom I actually speak with on the phone out and is like a real honesty out of living and breathing person? And a really good friend. But never see. There we go with that again. How can you be friends with somebody who never met? It's easy. Just ask me. What was I saying? I don't know. It was something very important. And now I forgot. I was thinking about now that I'm emailing and I got, you know, one person with a full number and speaking to the rest of this thing is like, I'm not going to take it down because they would be bad. You know, they would be like it. And so, and by the way, Don who keeps wanting you to put stuff up to promote whatever he's doing. There's a few people like that. Want me to keep, you know, they want to whore my website, my Myspace. Yeah, that's everybody. But my question wasn't about receiving messages. It's that I can't send them. And my close personal friend, Brandon, just emailed and said he had the same problem once for a week in consent and he message. It's my spaces of peace of crap. And by the way, I love you too. Whatever you said. Uh, he's just, you know, enjoying my pain. That's all right. So, in other words, it's not just me. I shouldn't take it personal and it was just a coincidence. And I think I'll freak out. I think I'll freak out three hours. But if somebody that you liked, somebody you wanted to communicate with and you've been doing it for days and days and probably too much for anyway, but doing it. And all of a sudden, your message wouldn't go through them. And you started like, oh, I think somebody blocked me. No, if I was doing it on my space, I would know that they said, But you would know, but how was I supposed to know that I'm a virgin, me, I'm a woman. I don't believe you. No. I guess not. Well, I should have. I should have believed you. Well, I was, what was the harm? What was the problem that I encountered in the last, let's see, five or clock is 12 and six is 18 hours. There's no major problem. I went on the blog, which I'm able to write those updates. No problem at all for the five people who read it. And I said, I'm sorry. I'm unable to receive and send messages. And then later on, I was just starting to receive some sort of, well, there's some coming through, but I can't, you know, send any out. And set it up. Okay. Okay. And I did send that stuff through because I guess, huh? Yep. I guess he must have got it. Because he says, thank you very much by the way, our close personal friend to which it is only one thing to say. Oh, God. You're discussing the earlier discussing. Well, he's not mine. It's okay. What's wrong to be loved? Was that in that movie, Tertsong Trilogy, where he said that? No, he didn't. I just weren't a beat. Not a disaster. See that movie. No, he didn't. He just showed that clip. You know, how all the wood is of the sustenance. Yeah. So they're always showing that clip and they'll show the little, it's from Tertsong Trilogy. It's already pressing movie. By the way, if you see Tertsong Trilogy, what's his name is in it? What's his name? What's his name? Oh, what's his name? I said it yesterday. Michael, the shark kid. The, and they was in the movie with Marlon Brando with the, who? No, not that Charlie. He called him. Not that short and not that gross. No, he was in the movie with Marlon Brando, where he was repreasing the godfather role and he was, they were chasing the godfather. I asked you, Brodo, Rick, I told it was, was something like that. And then Bangkok was, and she played the Harvey Firesteen's mother. And I will say this, there. Harvey Firesteen and his live in Boyfriend, adopted this kid. Well, I don't want to go into it. Anyway, Peggy Centella. Since you're a year's in Christ, somebody says it's look who's teaching me, not the teaching who not to touch. Think the church old as close the reason for this meeting to the children. St. Louis Catholic Church in Pinecrash. Yeah, I find this funny. This is amusing. Dear parents, this is a letter to sending out to all the parents from the office of religious education. Talk about the hot continental panel pink. To anybody, whoever was the fake, and you know, it's got to be one of our chronic son there because of the thing with your daughter. You know, it's also obvious. Very weak, very poor. You're going to have to practice on that. And why? Well, I will never work again. I've already had my experiment. I've been burned twice in the third time was like. And even the second time was weak. Teaching children to protect themselves as part of the mandate for the charter, the protection of children and young people enough, and by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in 2002, this reminds me of Miss Foley all over again, with the silk panties and whatever one. Yeah. And in fact, I wrote back silk underwear, sounds awfully gay. That was part of my message. I think that might have ticked off over the helm. Or, and there's always that possibilities. Unlikely as it may seem, I guess not. Then it was like a real person who was just, you know, screwing me, I doubt it. I got that. People I want to play a game with. They don't send their real picture on there. And plus the profile was all fake anyway. Even Johnny G was on there. Hey, Johnny, how's it going? And the tone is down, little Johnny. I did get all of Johnny's 85 messages. Just like, it's not. He's okay. He means well, he's a real group. He loves me like crazy. The people I want to love me. They don't love me. They like me, but they don't love me. The people I don't want to love me. They're like, oh, Neil, like that. Of course. Right. And there's strangers. I'm January 23, 24th and 29th. We will have a class, meaning the St. Louis Catholic Church in Pancras, a class on touching safety. Okay. One and two. How to touch safely? Yeah. And then all of a sudden, Oh, gee. I didn't need to touch there. On January 33, 11 February, five, like we are crying at classes for grades three through five. The sixth grade test schedule for January 23rd and 29th. How old are you? I'm not turning me. Well, that's another thing. Can I explain, see, I always wondered that too. Beginning with a Christmas meal put up this stupid mice-based thing. And many people will ask me, How come it says you're 30 on your nearly no fart? That's the eighth because it's not my page. It's the Orion Show page. Correct. So I've been on here in Miami for 30 years. So I guess that was me girls' way. And March 1st, the last to change it to 31. It'll change out. Matt, I'll pull me. You will? Yes. Wow. Wow. That mice-based shirt is nifty technically, and it's piece of cake. Is that correct? If your child was in a religious entity, oh, you got Judge duty. I think Jay, one of our mice-based friends, sent me the soundboard. Unfortunately, your estranged- Is it the next year? We don't have a estranged- You're on the I just- I love it. If your child was in a religious entity, a patient for a religious entity, or a regularist last year, remember we invited all parents to a Virtus, protecting God's servant training session. These sessions are merely to be a force, what you teach at home. And two else for parents are available in a religious entity, or a fist. May you be blessed and all you do for the welfare of your children. And if your smart will keep away from us, I heard us select children. We'll go to an infertist. Right. That's correct. We're going to do the best to alter your boys. And certainly, yours in Christ, Peggy San Tella, DRA is in DRA, ESA, ESA, ESA, ESA. How a direct. But it's being a direct under the old law. Oh God, give me a break. Get out of here already. You've- Look at it, you maniac, you fecesta. Well, so we're getting a little something to accomplish here this morning. And those people across the street, I hate to break the news to you. It's the dolphin. It's the football season book. And you people are going to do squat. You can see that in the lines- The trend, couldn't you? They're going to squat all right. But you know what happens with squatters on this top. They vanish. I think he vanished, right away. Not that I really care a lot more than that. But I think your close personal body, Joe, his ex-nabes, I think he vanished, which wouldn't be the first time. Always beware of people who have like 75,000 addresses in the last six months. It'd be, we were people like that. Mm-hmm. 1996 votes on the poll. We're going to have a 100 hosts in by the time we come back from the break. Holy crap, there is something going on. You almost might think somebody was listening out there, wouldn't you? Of course. Well, you should, there are read those news stories. You read the newspaper. And then of course, there's all the same crap coming from, you know, Don sure who wants to show you. Once you're John, he's the new Roger. He's the new Roger. If I could tell people out there how many people over here has tried for George's job. But George is, uh, rock saw. He wants to do what he does so cheap. You know, that's what it boils down. Is that correct? That is correct. I'm going to have to start watching her. And I have a watch. I saw a little bit of passions a couple days ago. It's kind of ironic that one of our friends out there gave me that info. It 1100 votes on the button. We didn't have to wait for the break. You people are all over this show. Like stink on Greg, man. Like stink on Maddie Bell. I'm taking one thing. And I shouldn't say this either. No, you see, I noticed you let me slide on that. That was very nice of you. But don't you think it would be rude and cool. In other words, it will, this thing like you said, it will sort itself out. Eventually, I'll be able to send messages. But in the meantime, you know, send me all the messages you want. And we're receiving them, we're at least seven. And that's fine. I'll read them. If you want to, we have 1180 to 186. We need 14 more friends for 1100. For whatever that means. But I, you know, I got my people hammered down there. I mean, I got the hammer down. That's, you know, email isn't one of phone number anyway. One phone number, any house so far. Which of these things is most like, I don't really carry. You know, it's more phone the other way. I won't see if I wouldn't have that phone number last night. But I've picked a lot would have been. I would have probably jumped off the balcony. Is that correct? That is correct. In fact, that is. Absolutely correct. Name. It's courageous. 1100 devotes on the publicity things most like that have it in 2007. The US will attack Iran, 466. Neal will allow for the MySpace friend. Hopefully, really cute and a hot young one who's a really horny, 160. And got bad taste. Jim Manage will work a full week without taking you. They off on 18. It looks like this week. He's on the schedule. And since tomorrow's Friday, we don't have that far to go. He's on today. It says, W will be impeached 87. Yeah, but it was really ballsy Democrats, right? Hank will lose an ounce 77 unlikely. I hate this pool in a 69. 6.2%. That's not too bad. Wayne will sell the dolphins. 61. George will get his own show on QM. You move to head of MOL 34. Let's hear for little George there. George will get his own show on QM 34. And in between the takes. And MOL return to QM. Solimentate 20. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 2. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. And that's where it gets fuzzy. I was learning French with my bare body. Kill they told me, oh man! You were less big. I had my shift become full of duty. When I saw the ring me the new sh... You're right with a little handish, but I saw that thing. I got a tiny in my hand, and she said, oh, that they told me, oh, man! You were less big. And that was my shift. And that night that I danced, No more shmong, I didn't have enough work for you. The long-sadown ring, That was my big night. Only half a week left, Kill my church church church church. Come on, man! And it was the bride and her loaves, The down was the same set, Where the name of the land, And the old underpants, And the boy came to tell, You're in hell, Now you're the infant, Who was very hot, I can tell you that, Holy crap! So, what's the number of the city? Oh, Edmund, it's just cool. I could like my seminar, Right off my own finger! Twenty-packs 11 at 5.60, W.2 and 1122 votes on that pool, And that is really unmarocally. And we got the ratings coming in just a few minutes. Oh, my god. Goodness, is all I can say. Oh, god! Right. Anyway, Markle, if you want to send the other picture, Like a real picture of a human being, Go ahead and send it. See these people, I'm trying to tell you, I cannot respond. People are asking me messages. I can't send you a message. Don't you understand by it, Because my space is closed. Okay, it just got its issues. Right. Follow them and sing. Right. 1122 votes on that pool. Heavy duty. Yeah, see, if you're going to be, I am very, really, about, We got 11, what do we got? 1080, We only need 12 more friends on there. What would it be? Something I would have learned on the friends? Right. Whatever. Hahaha. Although I noticed some of my good friends, Like, sir, what was the guy's name? Zertek, or what? I don't know what the guy's name was. Be careful with the Z. He is also on your list. He's a good guy. I don't know. I'd have to. He's kind of a van. He's too. I can't think of what his name was. They were, they were several of them. But they come and go like you said, like my friend, Harry. What happened, Harry? He probably is a, It looked with his boyfriend out there and diamond hit. 112 votes. Which of these things is most likely What happened in 2007? But as I started to say, and I keep interrupting myself, Because I'm really whipped up a lot these ratings. Not. And that is that if you're going to send me some phantom, You know, we've already had enough game players on there. If you're a pervert, that's fine. We like for a rich as long as you're not going to musste anybody. But I was other than that. Cut the crap. Who is the one I just added on there? Added a couple of Alex with a smother around his head. Look, look like Miguel. A lot of people like to maintain a level of animity on there. And that's okay. I don't have a problem with that. But don't send me some like a stick figure or some, You know, a stick for the show. A lot of people do that. That's, you know, that's a good for them. Send me a real picture. Okay. Not that I'm looking at that for any more pictures. Especially if you're a player, We'll look like a real person with a real picture. Like an evil. Like an evil. It'll be obvious like you aren't Vader. Very weak job, by the way. Very weak job. By the way, the suck paddy sounded really to me. Ha ha ha ha. Then piney. Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007. The US will attack around 474 almost half of you people. Think that's going to happen. And won't that be a sad day? Won't that be the beginning of some real tourists? Neville the Lopo to my space friend, 165. I'm going to take them off to Berlin. Hmm. John Jim Anderson working for we could take them to the day off on 18. Now is he beyond? I've been on all week long. You know Chris? I mean George Wood, no, he's the only. I believe he has. He has been on all week long. He's on a schedule with it. And tomorrow. I'd like that. He may make your new years dream come true. A whole week without them day off. W will be in Peach's 88. Please say a prayer, a brocha. For that. Hank will lose an ounce of nine. Say several prayers for that because we love the hunt for a buckman. He is just big as they come into business. I hate this pole 69. Wayne will sell that off in 63. George will get his own show on QM35 here. Your action away from the moment. Your mole return to QM32. You know right, even Sandy closed the Joe Hates mole like poison. I'll never forget today. He called me up to tell me that Mohour David's is a land show on QM. Remember that? He's done his land show. And I thought for myself. Big 7. Okay, show me something concrete. Put somebody good on here. Don't be doing all those good to do this stuff. But he slapped me on a bag of stuff. Oh, oh, I'm not great. Hold on, hold on a bottle or rum. Whatever that means. Is that what the sailor said? Who said that? Pirate. Pirate sailor. Pirate sailor. And how come I never did see that movie. It seems to me it was out like years ago. Johnny dead parts of the Caribbean. You know what? This thing. But that movie has been paned so badly. Everybody says, oh, he was so great in it. But the movie sucked. That's right. And the sequel even works. I don't even know what that there's a sequel to it. Oh, yeah. I'd rather see the sequel to I know what I know who you did last summer. Is that correct? That is very correct. In fact, I know who you did last time. Was that strange? Yeah. outrageous. Oh, let's see. Don is back here again with his white hair. He says, I've tried it immediately. Got my message sent to myself this morning. Well, then he got his message sent to himself. Oh, don, almighty. Do you understand that? I'm not saying that nobody can send a message through. I mean, how am I getting his messages? If his message is worth working. He says, go to your page then send an email to yourself. Okay. Go to my page. That's what he said. Should I try this? Whatever. Do you understand what he's talking about? I guess you can send a message to yourself. But whatever. Well, how do you do that? Click on your message thing. Go to your own profile. Oh, and not home, but the view profile. I know what you're talking about. The doctor will be on to you. Well, this must be really similar to radio. Well, I don't apologize. It's important, friend. I got my buds to take care of out there. Okay, and I send myself send. Message right under my picture. They're sending message. Okay, right. Two Neo Rogers. Okay. Thank you, Donna. Like I said, you're the best. Test. Okay. This is a test. Send myself a message. Now, let me see if there's going to go through. I know. Won't. Okay. And it always says your message has been said immediately. Then you return to inbox and you check the set messages. And there's nothing there. It didn't work, Donna. Like I said. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Let's see. Here's a replica in his back again. Okay. Well, post a picture. Let you know what it is up. We all bet you. I bet it's up right now. And not the picture, either. Sorry about my supposed deception. But as you know, as it was anyone, my space can screw you over. I just want to be careful. And again, I'm only on here for the show and the entertainment. It's from Markos. Hopefully you can solve that message sending nonsense. Again, stupid my space. That's correct. Well, send the picture already. Replica keeps threatening. I don't want to make it picture. I'm not looking for that. See, an interesting thing is always people that keep trying to play games with me on here. They all get the same replies from me. I tell them all the same thing. I'm not trolling for sex or for any other kind of hanky spanky on this thing. I'm not going to do that. I'm not a crazy person. No, do I need to do that? No. Of course not, bitch. So you can continue. I mean, obviously it kills some time because a lot of you, your model is. I have no right. I'm like the evil monster. I mean, two hours. I mean, I had the time to was boring. It was a Monday night or Tuesday, whatever was. And I'm sitting here and the messages are going back and forth and back and forth. And bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap. And, you know, some people are going to weigh too much time on their hands. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I think that's it. It's great that you start thinking ratings and tons of man. And don't forget, it's not all important that we succeed, but that those guys across the street really fail. This is G Gordon-Lity and they don't come anywhere. Then mail Roger. Some stations give you tickets. Some stations give you car. But this station is the only station that give you magic. Oh, power. Because this station is going to render you invisible. Invisible. Go what you want. Do what you want to do. No one will ever know because you are invisible. Can not be saved. It's a world of possibilities. You can go to school. They can make it. Go to work. Make it. See other people who make it. They can. Oh, because you're invisible. Just be listening this weekend. And when you hear this sound. Be a tense comment. And you'll be on your way to invisibility. This station is exempt from responsibilities for your actions while you are invisible. Employees of this station and their families are not eligible to be invisible. Or they get ever. Are people listening for your chance to wait? Oh, I'm real. And we got the numbers coming in already. 1132. 1, I'm in 2554. This is the overall 32 to a 33 from the summer book. That's not much of an improvement. I'll tell you that. How was the summer book? Can we do really well? Thanks to you. Well, this show was number one. I don't remember the rest of the station. Oh. Let me just reach back here and see. This is the overall week. Man 2554. Radio on more. Oh, no. This is the summer when I was a nobody speaks English in this book. They went from 3 from a 4.8 to number one with a 6.9. Radio on more. CNQFMA. No speaking English from a 4.5 to a 5.7. Time for 2nd with hot. 5.7. All the ethnic so far. As they say in the trade, suppose and suppose. BGG big. 49. Uh-oh. They took a big drop from a 6.3. EDR3. To a 4.5. Radio hit more. More. Oh. Love. 94. Now who do you know? Do you know anybody listening to love 94? No. Uh, it's close to a precipitous drop. Sorry Mike. Life. XDJ. Also no speaking English. They took a drop. QM32 to a 3.3. That's the overall week. So it tells us nothing. Power. 3.4. Not a 3.1. Men in black. WMIV. W-Y-N-Z. Skirmerk. Had a goose in there. 1.4 to a 2.6. I-O-D had a precipitous drop. Also 3.4. That was a 2.6. Wow. Woo! Not good over there at I-O-D. I was in. I'm looking for, uh, oh, w-I actually, they had a good real goose there. 1.8 to a 2.1. They either went from 20 to time for 19. They are made moving on up to the east side. Now let's hear the day parts. I bet you're Kenny Walker. Kenny at Toast Walker. That was a cute deal. They're Kenny. Most better idea. I bet you're Kenny Sin on the edge of the sea. They're doing fine. Those guys. I'd like to say, uh, a radio on more number. One, see this is so bogus man. This is the worst book in history of books. And then if we do well, I'll say, but we need to know their crap. This is morning. Radio on more is number one. H-D-J. Number two with a 6-9. Big. Paul and old Ron from a 7-7 down to a 6-9. But time for second. Then how 105. CMQ nos feeding glaze. I'm looking on here. W-I-N-Z. Where do you how are we? Oh no. Oh no. Look who edge just sat in the morning. I-N-Z had a 2-6. M-I-B-2-6. W-I-C from a 2-6 down to a 2-5. They drop at the edge. We went from a 2-1 to a 2-4. In the morning. So it's like even Stephen almost did even Stephen. Life, I would deal with a 2-5 in the morning. Oh, brother. Oh. Let's take a look. Uh-oh. We're number two, dammit. Well, that's 10 to 3. Now do you think we have a shot of being number one 10 to 2? Number two by how much? 6-10 to a point. A body-o-on-more, again, with this totally bogus of book they got. They number one in a midday with a 6-8. We're number two with a 6-2. We usually go up a point or almost a point when we extrapolate the 10 to 2. So we have to wait and now a couple of days to get the extrapolations for the day-part 10 to 2. We're not on from 10 to 3. In case you have an oldest one on 10 to 2. And it could indicate it for that would be to see what kind of a number they had from 3 to 7. Wouldn't that be a good indication? Yes. Now let's see what our friends across the street had in midday. They're talking so much about their great website and their doing is to narrow it right. Let's see. Boy, skier America went from a 1-2 to a 2-2. Look at that. And waxy went from a 1-8 to a 2-point. Oh, what are we making a move from 10 to 17 to 20? Oh, they are really making a big move. You can almost smell it. You can almost tell it to them for breakfast. Afternoons, they're not even one more again. The most bogus, liar diaries in the history of our retron. They went from a 5-8 number 3 to an 8.6 number 1. They got an 8-6 year in the afternoon. Like my name is Heine Manush. Like my name is Puppy Compo. And I'm ready to do a little Puppy just looking at this. Now let's see how did the INZ with a 3-4 from a 1-6 to a 3-4 in the afternoon. QM-2-3 to a 3-1. So afternoons went off. So that's 3-1 and what have we got? 6-2. So it's really hard to figure. And that's 2-3 hour. Isn't it? I'll do some crunching. It'll be exact. But you know, I guess to let anyway. 1-6. We had a 6-1. You said 6-2. And they had a... And not even more had a 6-8. We got a shot. This image out so we'd say we got a shot. So we had a number 1 or 2. And we still remember with a 1-3-1. Alright. Well, you know, you can only guess. I could do something you're going to do. But it all depends on what that 2-3 hours. That might be a real strong hour. Might have been a week hour. Maybe they had a gigantic hour and that power hour between 4-5 with the Humper and the Mad Dog together. Maybe chickens pee all over the entire race here too. But there's a radio on more. Radio on more. Are you crazy or what, huh? Do you know anybody who listens to that? I know you can play it baby. And he ain't listening. And what's this other stuff you're sending me? Are you sending me all the stuff? Because I don't want to waste 80 minutes. No, I don't know. Whatever the hand is, I said you and then they took it right back out of here. They did? Sure. Well, what's all they do that for? So were they pleased? They just pleased? And they don't have a lot of people. They brought it in. So I, you know, who did? Who did? Beast? So he had one of them. Deadpan, expression on his face. So I don't know. He's actually got a wife. He ought to be kissing the ground. He ought to be in a good mood. All of how did the other shows do? What other show? You tell me. What do you mean by what you already said? But I wasn't. I was too busy. The mornings went from a, let's see. See, now you got me. I haven't stapled this stuff together. Okay. Well, whatever. No rush. One of those two. It's just, there's just so much suspense about whether or way we get the tend to two out. And wouldn't it be something that we missed by like a tenth of a point. The number one and we want to get no need. The bonus for number two. That would be bad. That would be bad. Anyway, the morning had, what did I say before? They're not on the first page. But I think they made a little goose in their little step. They went from a two one to a two four from 18th to a time for 14th. Not exactly a major move, but nevertheless a little, a movement in the right direction. A two four. I meant 25. 54 is a little, whatever. Whatever it is. We got a six to an hour already told you they went to a three one in the afternoon mind and they have to know when they had a three point one share. We're still concerned for a. From a something. See you're getting pushy again. I'm not on that page. I'm just doing it for memory. Okay. It's on the second page. And they got a three one and what did let's say three minute from a two three. They went up nicely. Not spec packet. And we're actually went from a one nine to a two eight and the afternoon. So they're also right in the rat and they're probably talking to big game. Look at that. We're right on everybody's ass and we edge them out in the morning again. My, my, my, my, yeah, like that. You could talk like I said, all you want a big game. You guys aren't doing squat. Stu got some of these other make believe these wannabes. These pretend broadcasters, who the hell are you? And speaking of who you're kidding. Here's an excellent pull idea from one of our listeners for a minute went. Maybe tomorrow. I think the real real Rogers is. And here's some choices they have on here. An insecure geek. Well, I guess you have to pence on what you mean by that. insecure in terms of other p, in my space thing will make you so insecure. You'll like lose your mind. I will agree well. That just ask me a couple of my regular bunk, but buddies there on the, in my space. Wow, insecure. Gee, where did this one go? What did I say? Well, yeah, like that. But I don't know what that means. Outgoing and opinion is since one of my outgoing. See, I think those are two different categories. Don't you? Mm-hmm. Okay. I'm crossing out outgoing opinion. A social butterfly. Oh, yeah. Right. A horn dog. Well, there's no question about that. A home body. An evil bastard. Worm in cuddly. Or straight. Straight right to the atterum. Let's see. Oh, here's more numbers coming. Seven of midnight. We care about that. It he case not any more anyway. So what do we care about that stuff for? So I guess we did okay. How we got some bonus money coming. Of course you're really. You're really peeing in your pants. Yeah. Oh, the peeing either. Well, both. You're doing the Lawrence Welfd number in your pants. One, two, and a three. 1157 votes on a poll. I'll tell you that that is pretty dang impressive. Yes, me. 20th allunic. Right. We can get a play at baby. Like I said, 20th allunic. We're not always speaks English anyway anymore. I like to see a fight between the Donald and Rosie. He's a no-win. I'll bill you there. And she's there. No, is he. He's been doing back. Oh, since he's laughing at his hair. The truth is both of them look bad and underwear. Neither one. They so damn hot. They can't attack me out there. If I had a pillow, I don't know which one I smother. No, those boys go through me like a kid on a fire with. And all Rosie, touch them on his feet. You ain't gonna let me in. They don't have a lot of money. So let's rip them wide in. He can use some hairbrush to remember. They need the shine. And she fits the other yapping cutter. Heels down from my tip too. And possibly less of body. I'll fuck on the view. There's too much going on to listen to their hissing. Fits. To celebrities just acting like so nobody is. We can't say come in anymore. So both of you please shine up. Or we'll see a Rosie's prize. I know you and her D-cup. He's a forady Rosie. And Donald cuts the one cares. I would rather just stay home and count off all my nose hairs. It's like where Mr. Wilson and your dentist. A dentist. What's the rating suck? I'm a view and I'm a me a dentist. I'm a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a me a you Oh PT Mad Dog is working today connected in these and I gotta have the Gildi, I never finished the schedule did I got as far as the power hour and then took a shower. Well that was another thing that was in your buddy, Ethan, Fake Ethan, that was in his message. He was out running and then morning he just came in to take a shower, you know, I'll just kept trying to leave me into a naked conversation, you know. I think I got another Faker one or two just now though, but we got a thousand ninety one in a friend's on there, I just approved one that I'm positive is another Fake, but that's okay. I don't really care anymore. Gildi, if the Intercenter night, the Panthers take on a Toronto Maple Leaf, and the Fake Intercenter, the Preview of 7 or 5 game times 7, 35 by Jesse Agler, live from the Intercenter as life is just the ever gets, how do you like that? The Toronto Make believes. Well I sure wish I was there to see that game, maybe I'll hop on the plane, where you think. Well it's been a chippy game and not many players have turned down many invitations to get involved in a fight. Well that's good, let's hear it. I'm sure Don Trier would be very happy to hear that. Let's get hockey intense, what do you say? Let's get into your face and spread this might space. Share our fun vestigates radio contest and this is also a chaff off. You told me about making those changes on there and about how they did not do it. I said well, it didn't work. Sorry. Are you sure I hope in an investigation, it's been the death of a 20 year woman who died after a Denkolye water, which contestants had to drink as much as possible. I had the story yesterday and she was on the news last night and they played the clip from her. I'm feeling a little headache, you know. I think anybody that's dumb enough to participate in any of these stupid things, pie eating contest, we need eating contest, water drinking, whatever it is, they deserve to croak. How about a little bit of red, hubm in red. Sacramento Station KDND is fire 10 staff members over Friday's confidential, hold your we for a wee, wii. I told you we for a wee, which about 20 people tried to drink as much water without going to the toilet to put an intendouye games console. They couldn't go to the toilet. Maybe they peed their pants. Jennifer strange. She's a stranger. Not anymore. She's not. 28, mother of three died from suspected water intoxication after coming in second. She was put red then. It chopped off what it tells how much she drank here, but I sure would like to see that. After the contest, she called and sick at work was found dead in her home about five hours later. Water intoxication also known as hyperhydration or water poisoning is in fact, where were the doctor that called an estate center brain swole up? Oh, I'm a doctor. Her brain swole up. Water poisoning is potentially fatal. Can cause you're going to hurt me, fluid and lungs. And like sudden death like that. 10 staff members including several on air DJs have been fired over the ideal. They're no longer with a company for violating the terms of their employment agreement of the spokesman. The Sacramento County Sheriff Department later yesterday said it decided to open an investigation into strange as death. We have new information that's come to life from all the other types of the show such spokesman surgeon Timothy Kurman. A lot of these kind of Jimmy Kurman, the hardest drive or John Kurman is dead father and freedom must be dead. Well, I know my drivers don't I, man. I could drive you crazy without crap. Both those asked some of my my space friends. I'll say I could drive you crazy without even trying. We have new information that's come to life from all the other types of the show. So it's spokesman Timothy Kurman. We've decided to open a death investigation which will take weeks and I'm confused in our findings before we did the local district attorney to see if we're going to file charges. Huh? The Sacramento County court as afterwards the cause of death was said her strange is death was consistent with the water intoxication. It was a stranger. If you don't get that clip man, I'm going to be really peo. I'm sure somebody out there will forward other missions. Are you impossible? Let's start you post 40 every episode. Thank you very much. That too. 1172 on a full day this poll is going over bigger than Mary Tallymore and a six million dollar man. And now let me ask Chris because we haven't asked Chris about this since he's been on the show. You haven't even talked about movies with you. Have you seen? I was not a ghost but I was just thinking about it. Oh, no. Oh, yes. I saw when I the first time I worked. No, sorry. I'm going to introduce about it though. You didn't fall asleep in the middle of the movie. Did you? No, watch the whole thing. But you didn't like it. I thought they were like it. It wasn't I mean, it was fine. It wasn't anything. Oh, yeah, great. But you know, hey, what am I top of C? Maybe George can explain this to me. I tried to before. And what is that? I'm going to try to get back to director. Whatever his name is and I've seen other movies that I can't think of as name but he has a style that doesn't agree with a lot of people. The pacing is kind of slow and it's a little bit plotting and if you're not really interested in it, then you're talking about the pacing is kind of slow. It was circulating man. All right. I agree with George. A lot of people don't like that. I'm a man as hell but I don't think there's any more. Oh, listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. It says turn them off right in the middle of the set. I love that movie. It's one of my all time favorites. Now I can't hear what any of you punks say. I love it. Well, I'm old and slow. I like to respond but nevertheless, I mean, there are moments of excitement like what Howard Beale is doing his performances. He's crazy. And people walk it in talking. Well, it's not a violent movie. There's never a kind of blood. There's no kind of nifty special. It doesn't keep going on. I think it's a conversation with each other. It doesn't have somebody to get blown away in the end. And it's for Howard Beale. I shouldn't just boil it for you. You haven't seen that work. Too late. What about some of our other favorites? What we like. Where can we improve? Do you see that? I have nothing to whole thing yet. We've got a hooker button. What do you mean? What do you mean? Haven't seen the whole thing yet. You follow the same thing. I was a cable or something like that. And I was home for a while. I mean, I love that flick. But talk about slow and dragging a little bit. You know what I'm saying? It's nothing slow about that. When you're talking about it, well, not when she started taking pop into films. Everyone's in the visual that was stories. She was dancing on the ceiling on her when she started pop into films. They were all pop into films. Not of course, for Gerer Lito and that purple arm. That's one of the gracious gifts. Yeah, one of the grossest things I've showed you. Not good. I want to see again, Mel. I know who you did last summer. I didn't really watch that much of it last night. I just wasn't into it. But that was our watchin'. I have no idea. I was busy trying to get to stand thing. I said my message is again. I was getting all frantic. Not really. I was trying to calm myself down after a long 30-minute conversation with my best new friend in the world. One of those things. And that should be on the pull too. I don't know how you described that. I just don't get it. Like an overgrown child. Oh, let's see. Here's this other person. I want to be a P-head. My name is Chris. My nickname is Pumpkinhead. Well, let's see. I don't think I put Pumpkinhead on our, let's see if he's going to be real pictures on here. And he's only got to know it. And his pictures still are Pumpkinhead. No, I'm saying. Yeah. And his four friends are yours. Truly. Made in Miami. Cool, Keith. And Villa Allegrae. Okay. Which one is that? I don't know. Maybe business. No, it's a move. How can it be a meal? What kind of a guy has got a name? Villa Allegrae. I don't know. Meal 36 is old in Jersey. Well, anyway, it's Pumpkin. And I'll get to the message. But I can't. I can't say that. I keep saying that again for the benefit of people who are tuning in. Because unfortunately, we have some very, unloyal people out there who worked during the daytime and just ignore us. Which I, I can't. That's gross. That in sensitive to us. 117 votes on the pool. Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007? The US will attack your way and 499. Needle will allow for the my space friend, 171. Jim and his will work a full week at 2M without taking a day off, 126. I think this is the week that is. Oh. I, W will be in pitch 91. Hank will lose an ounce, 81. I hate this full 78, 6.5%. Wayne will sell the dolphins, 65. How's that press conference on news to your coach coming up? Let's get that on right away for a couple hours. George will get his own show on QM 36 and you and Owen, you and Owen a tight battle there. Mole will return to QM 32 only full behind. But it'll be we get it all together. Oh, there's the Astur about Michael Vicken. The Arizona is bottle smell like Merjouini, huh? Uh oh. Not Michael Vick. That would make me sick. What bottle? There's a bottle of stuff he had in his veins. Like I suppose to be a bottle of water. But the residues smell like a sash bottle. Now see you're saying that. You're looking even on what you would know Michael Vick if he walked out. But I know what's not. What I see what. Oh. Delicious. Different. Mergot. Water. Delicious. Different. Water. I don't have a sash bottle that looks like that. But you better get one. Okay. If you want to be in. If you want to be part of the in crowd with Ramsay Lewis. He got Ramsay Lewis. The crowd towards Jones University. Please don't tell me he croaked. I can use it. So I started a country music school. I thought maybe he died. You see I really would share about that. Absolutely not. In fact, I would say the best country music singer is a dead one. That's probably the trouble for me to say. I just don't like them to music. I do like white sport code to pink carnation by Marty Robinson. And looking for love in all the wrong places. Yeah, you like Mickey Gillie. It was? Yeah. We always argue about that. I always thought was Bob Lumen. It's Mickey Gillie. Are you positive? Are you sure? I don't have it. Yeah. Look at that. Look at that. I like that song. It's about five country songs on a line. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like Johnny Cash and a couple other. A couple songs by couple of days. Johnny Cash rounds with trash. Now what am I looking for? Looking for love. I know what I'm looking for. All the way to myself. I'll take it what the right place is. And that's where you find it. Let's see. Look what they're doing to my song. Looking for a stranger. A stranger. Look. Look into the eyes of Bob by the partage finger. When I check, every other song that I have heard late in some Johnny Lee's. Bob Lumen. Bob Lumen. And his best friend, both guy with him is. We've been talking a little bit. I never heard it. What's that call? Let's think about word. I already did that. Why so? What's that kind of reason? It doesn't really leave. What did you say Mickey Gillie? That was, yeah. Absolutely. More you did it then. Because I used to have to play that as a DJ. Mickey Gillie? I never heard Mickey Gillie. No Mickey Gillie from a Mickey M in the eye. He was the urban cowboy. What was he really? I took a lot of pressure for these next couple of days to see when those are numbers coming. Mickey Gillie stand by me. That's the only one. He ripped that off too. I featured in the movie, Urban Cowboys during Johnny Fulton, Never Wingard. Well, they're the big Gillie. Born in that chess, Mississippi in 1936. He was a little cool. I was wrong. But here's another prediction that I can be right or wrong about. Yes. I predict that we will have a seven. What we extrapolate tendative. That's my favorite. You have a little late. That's the real question. I know how to do it. Let's see what they did in the afternoon during the break. I want to see what they did in the afternoon. And if they didn't do it, you all might well. That's not good. But if they did very well. I have to know from three to seven. That means there's a chance that from two to three. It wasn't all that big. You follow what I'm saying. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? Sure. Design sure don't. Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8. Yeah. Scrave you! This is the story of a coach named Nick Savin. He is the guy who just inserted the dolphin. He's never cared what other people might call him. He's some kind of an elf into the dolphin's coffin. He didn't take long on it to decide. He was gonna leave and coach Grimson died. Whenever he was asked about it, he always lied. We watched Nick pick the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. No longer on the sidelines. It makes you fit hand. With the team and now they're feeling so flat. I wonder what's Wayne has to go really think of that. The dolphin's always thinking shit, bandit gives a ran. Every excuse Nick gives for leaving sounds lame. A whole lot of money. Two coach would fall fans. And if it was you, you know they can do the same. I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel anything. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Go on, take the money and run. Sixth fruit. Go on, take the money and run. 12-04-5-60 W. I can't say that any message is still I was provided again. Cody, S. and whoever that is, I tried to return his message. He's 19 in line, but he's got 130 friends. I think he's for real, whatever. I can't say any message Cody, it's probably just as well. Anyway, done. This is a assignment either for you because I'm just, I'm just not technically competent to do some of these things. As you well know. Either you or Miguel. Okay. Done. You can see the messages there, right? On your page? Yeah. The comment to me. No. I can't see the messages. If I log onto your account. Well, why can't you do that? I care. Well, that's what I'm talking about. Jesus got all mighty. I've got done. In the middle of 45 messages, he said, I think that that's a technical kind of guy, evidently. With the white here in the mustache. Okay. And his latest message, he says, I searched and found this. It looks like he can send an email to abuseitmyspace.com with your Myspace ID and see if you can do something with that. Okay. If not, that's okay too. Do something? Yeah. Do something with it. Well, in other words, he says it worked right away. It worked instantly for him. Because I don't want to have this ongoing problem for the right of my life. Now, speaking of this crap, by the way, the phone is written. It might be Ed McMam with my $20 million budget. It will be held out. Four families who in my space over assaults. Parents, playing daughters were sexually abused by adults met on the site. How do you like that? More bad news on my space. Fair. Four families have sued newscorp and it's my space. So, I'm not working inside after their underage daughters were sexually abused by adults. They met on the site. Oh, my God. Boys for the family said today. The law firms, Barry and Louie, LLP of Austin, Texas, and Arlvant, Ibn Ibn, of Houston, said families from New York, Texas, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Fowse, Suffolk, Suits, Wednesday, and Los Angeles, Superior Court, Allaging, Negligence, Reckless, Nistrored, Negligence, and Misrepresentation by the companies. In our view, my space waited entirely to log to attempt to institute meaningful security measures that effectively increased the safety of their underage users, Jason Ibn, and Arnold and Ken Lawyer. My space based in LA did not allow me to return calls for comment. Critics including parents, school officials and police have an increasingly warning of online predators at sites like my space where youth oriented visitors are encouraged to expand their circle of friends using free messaging tools and personal profile pages. Look out for those free tools, baby. My space is be spiteable that in educational efforts in partnerships with law enforcement. The company is also placed in a church in the hall of Delphine Contact Younger users on my space. But a lot of things technology such as one of the non-s yesterday, to let parents see some aspects of their child's online profile, including the stated age that tool of expected to come out this summer. The lawyers who found latest lawsuits have displayed this include a 15-year-old girlfriend Texas who was lured to a meeting drugged in the solid in 2006 by an adult my space user was currently serving a 10-year sentence in Texas after playing guilty-de-sets she'll ask all. You know, there's our 15-year-old girlfriend Pennsylvania, 14-year-old from New York, and two South Carolina sisters ages 14 and 15. Last June, another 14-year-old who said she was sexually assaulted by a 19-year-old user, sued my space in New York, seeking $30 million. Not third man damages that lawsuit found in Texas State court claims the 19-year-old lied about being a senior in high school, the game or trust and phone number. 14-year-old girl, she said she was 19 and lied about her age. As even Brian and Coke and her creak, he says, don't blame it on the parents' play with my space, baby. My space, thank your place. Did you see that thing I was talking about or not? Or am I just no, I'm pretty young getting the information from Miguel who is in the building because I forgot it unless you want to give it your username and password on the air. See, I never had that information, you see, because he was doing all that. How about if I've faxed you, huh? Oh, okay. And by the way, speaking of that story, any parent that doesn't know what their 14-year-old child is watching on TV listening to one of the radio or doing on the TV. Let me show you, is it? Is it a responsible parent as Judge Judy would say? Judge Judy, who that? She sounds like a string? Yeah! 1200 notes on the pole. Holy moly, right man, not bad. Marijuana like substance confiscated from Atlanta quarterback at MIT. That was what I was referring to before you said Michael, Vic, who's that? Right. But I don't think that's about what I see with you. What would you expect? Infectious amount of international units that it confiscated a water bottle, that Atlanta Falcon's quarterback Michael Vic was carrying, and later they found a secret compartment in the bottle, a secret compartment that contained a suspicious dark black substance. They thought smell like marriage or wee, baby. A suspicious dark black substance. How do you like that? And it smells just like... Oh! An isolated, secreted guards had concourse G as Victor Surin the World Water bottle, which had an aquafemeal label as if that makes any difference. Who cares what the label was on her? No, most stupid thing ever, not let me. Regulations for other passengers from carrying bottles that contain more than three ounces of liquids through security checkpoints, later on in the O.D. on the water like that broadened California. According to the United Police Report, some sent a news partner, Channel 39, says here in a Sun Sentinel. A really bad newspaper with a bad website. Although, thanks to the Sun Sentinel for getting you the scoop on an ex-saving final Alabama member that day, would it? Whatever. What an abortion on this station. Though he eventually left the bottle and recycling bin Vic was reluctant at first and accused TSA screen or Gertru Joseph's O.H. arouse, not accused, he arouse his suspicion. It was acting suspiciously. Joseph inspected the 20-ounce water bottle and found the bottle separated in two compartments had a partition in the middle, who ever saw a lot of bottle with a partition in the middle. Me, police reports says Gertru found a small amount of dark particulars and a punji aroma. Closy associate with Mary Jane. How do you like that? A punji aroma. Gertru notified her supervisor reported her findings. The police reports says Joseph recognized Victor as a professional football player and knew the bottle was his. Joseph also said it was the only item in the recycling bin that reports says they'd place report they later reviewed surveillance video and confirmed Gertru Joseph's story. I wonder if she's kin and they'd do it from the Sun Sentinel or Curtis Joseph. Fick was returning to Atlanta Wednesday via an air-transflight 3308 allowed to board the plane without delay while the water bottle was sent to the dead crime bag for further investigation. Oh, brother, scoured at Babyman. You might find little traces of weed in there. Wacky weed. Oh, my god, Zyna Merricka boy. If you see guys, Nick and Hudson, whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they just like them like that they were on the, what a quarter weed in there, high and they're. I mean it's terrible. It's terrible. But here's that up and look at listen until six per. And I see it. And this here. Wow. 211 votes on the full man. Don't forget, you have to give it away. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win. Log on to WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club. And by the way, our website Far Xseeds anybody else, pretending to be a sports radio station in this market. Then listen for your name to be an aftering the power out of when a course life Super Bowl prize back automatically qualified to be one or 41 finalists for the grand prize drawing. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from course light and five 60 QAN. There are a exploding ball. I had a technique pay. One day she flew away. To T.O.R.O.W.W.W.N. The boys. What did our right wing censorship? There are words in mustn't slip back. To do it, tell you how I feel far. That is my own. If you see K.A.N.T.O.R.O. I'll see you with T.O.R.O. The power is used to K.A.N.T. However I've asked for a mistake. And the FCC won't let me sing this song. I wrote today now that the FCC taken her hand. Tell me, say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, with this thing taken, you want to know. Then I'll see you with T.O.R.O.R.O.R.O. But I've got to T.O.R.O.R.O.R.O. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. I've got to tell you how to sing this song. Where did you open up,ington O.R.O.R.O.R. and beat it up about that bistropity. Stop. I said you show that you were a singer during the World Championship. You told me I had a grown-up singer? I didn't make it a tradition yet. I've just kind of just spirit. Hmm. Hmm. Huh. Maybe he called up Miss Foley to see about it. I've mentioned Miss Foley would love those sorts of shorts that Foley Ethan was wearing yesterday. See now, you know, somebody a close friend of mine just mentioned to me on the on online here on a web that be very weary of people who have very few friends. Okay. In other words, when they sell up these with the... Yes. Because it's just, it's fake. And of course, the sad part about that is that there are some people who have set up their own MySpace site so they can communicate with me in the show. You don't understand? Yes. So, you know, some of them are legitimate and some of them are not. But the legitimate ones that got a disadvantage because if you say if you have a page, a profile page, and there's like three friends on it, you're thinking, ah, maybe nobody likes you, you know? Or more likely bogus bogus as in a total strangle like that. And I will say this, there's nothing stranger than this experience. A second Republican side, I know, was sent a resolution. We yesterday, opposing President Bush's troop build up an Iraq setting a marker for a major clash between the White House and Congress on the Unpopular War. Senator Olympius Snow, a moderate from Maine, said she was supported on binding where the solution would put the Senate on record as saying the US commitment in Iraq can be sustained only with support from the American public and Congress. Snow's decision to join the Afro-Cam is the White House and GOP leader struggle to keep Republicans from endorsing the resolution and raised questions about how many more infections there might be. Now, it is time for the Congress to make its voice heard on a policy that's got such significant implications for the nation and at least in the world, snow, seven, or written statement. Earlier, Senator Chuck Hagle, a Nebraska Republican potential 2008 presidential candidate, joined Democrats at a news conference and announced the resolution. I will do everything I can to stop the president's policies, the outlined it went to Donald Hagle said, I think it's dangerously irresponsible, which I say Chuck is usually not so dangerous. Even in skeptical Republicans were summoned to private meetings with Bush and the nation's who advised her to Steven Haley at the White House. Bush's aides made it clear that the Capitol Hill challenge will be met aggressively by the administration. President S. Olshfogsman Tony Snow said resolutions passed by Congress will not affect Bush's decision making. Hey, what stop I think about this, we were number one with Georgia on most of the time in the summer time and now we just might miss out on number one. And we had a higher number there, you had a six four and a summer we got a six two. Sure like those tapes a lot George, yeah, the good, just wait. The president has got obligation as commander and chief, Snow said and he'll go ahead and execute them. Yeah, execute them as the appropriate term, execute them. Senator Biden served as a committee chairman Carl Levin, Democrat and Michigan chief father of the Senate resolution says, we do not support increased troops, Steve or military involvement calls for shifting mission of U.S. troops from combat to training, counter tourism and protecting rack territorial integrity. He said it also calls for the greater engagement of other countries in the region, the stabilization of reconstruction of Iraq. The resolution does not call for withdrawal of troops or threat in funding military operations, as many Democrats have suggested. Instead, legislation says the U.S. should transfer responsibility to the Iraqis, have been appropriately expedited timeline, they'll not specific. So time between now and four weeks from next sockets, I think is what the resolution said. Does that what it said? Yes, I'm now in 16 weeks from tissue ball, I think it would be a good time to bring everybody home while we're still lying. And one piece, thing we're operative term, in one freaking piece. I was started to say before the phone is very nicely quiet today, is that a good sign? You know, I hadn't noticed. I hear either because, because, you know, my time is screen-saverably, I'm still time. And I, and I reach over there and I like give my mouse a little nudge, you know, give her give your mouse a little nudge. I'll tell you some, I can see that all the lines are nice and clear. Nice and quiet. Mmm, is what I'm thinking. What a mhaya. 235 votes. Oh, there's the guy, a Devlin guy with those kids again. The missing kids, the kid net kids. I don't care about that. I'm not insensitive and of course it's grow test somebody, kid, and have somebody's kids. And it's heartbreaking and heart wrenchy, but enough already, you know? The Missouri kid net things. Don't you want to hear a lot more about that? Yeah, I'm glad they believe. Every yodin believe. 235 votes. Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007. The US will attack around. Or I thought, well, it's still dead. He was fat, man. He was fat. Oh, no, he is. He wasn't fat when he was done. Oh, boy, they were pushing him around there at the end. He's not looking too good. And now he's dead. 81. What do you think about 81? What are your thoughts on that? What is thoughts on dessert? Sounds good. Let's get some. Now, that's the movie. I bet you, I bet you our Chris has never seen that. Tim. Nope. I'll bring it in for you. Now, what's your take on that? Will you like it, right? I'll have to just find it. Yeah. Yeah, that's because you'd like to chicken. You're like Oscar-winning movie, but it's a good movie. Good story. You don't know what's going on. It was fun. It was a special. Right. And it was a dummy in it, which we can relate to at QAM. 538 votes. Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007. The US will attack around 519. Neil will allow for the MySpace friend 184. Jim Man is to work for full week without taking a day off 135. This could be the week. All right. WD will be in peach 98. I hate this full 82. Hank will lose an ounce or two or 382. Wayne will sell the dolphins a 66. George will get his own show on QM38 and mole return to LF34. Now, let's begin a wait. I'm going to say something else really embarrassing and stupid. Okay. And you're going to laugh at me this time really bad. You always laugh. Me no matter what it was. You know, I want to know what that Jacob's story. Nobody would have dreamed that I would have told that crap on here. Am I right? I didn't dream as I was doing it. I was like an out of body experience. I can't believe I'm admitting to being such an old fool. You know, to be such a jerk. But I am. And I admit it. You know, I mean, that's just the way this. We all do foolish things. But I totally am 187 on the scale. This morning. Now, that's the lowest number. I've given you in a very long time, isn't it? Yeah, I want to give you when I wait in. I want to show. 187 is not a bad number for me. I'm going to get to 170 that's another 17 pounds. By the time I makes my next visit to South Florida. Well, not a couple of months. You know, we can do like Phil. Are you sure? Yeah. We can do Neil and George Judy show. We can have all the drop-ins from George Judy. Right. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. No. You know, there's a soundboard for practically anyone you can think of. Really? On the internet. Yeah. Is there really? Yeah. Well, that's fine. The stranger. You're talking a stranger. And speaking of that, and you're going to give me some crap about this. Another thing is that you believe me. So, I mean, nobody else believe me because nobody believes you can really make a friend on online, whether it's my face or just remember what would be. That is lovely. Why, for an learn. Did he really? I didn't know. I'm not on my face though. Yeah. Well, I'm not looking to get married. I don't think it either is my close personal friend. But anyway, I'm coming down in a couple of months. And we already kind of like made a date. That's a terrible term to use. To have lunch. You know? Because you already had a couple interactions with my close personal friend. He's a good guy. But okay. Sit here. What? Yes, he is. I sit here and I turn around. He's probably a little pudgy too, is what he says. He doesn't want to put no naked pictures on his thing because he's got like movies. You know? That's what how it is when he's stuck in pudgy. But I turn around. I look at myself in his mirror. I just in terms of presenting people. My self-dwarthe people. Not that it's got anything to do with being like a sex pot. But it's good. I'm under that. It's just that I don't want to be a look like a fat slob. Tell the people. Exactly. Right, bitch. 1242. Is that something? Is that unreasonable to say that? Are you like laughing now? Are you chuckling? Or something like that? Well, what's wrong with that? Wouldn't that be a good to have a good person in the Senate? Right. And you are a goal-oriented kind of guy and usually achieve them. Right. Yes. Well, wouldn't that be a sweet thing if actually, and it will happen? It will happen because I'm not talking about a BS artist. In fact, there were a couple of people that I was going to come down and meet and take the lunch. I'm not so sure about the other one. He's a little bit elusive still at this point. But we'll see. But I think that would be a nice thing. I don't want to come down and be like a big fat slob. And like, oh my god, look at Neil. He's like, yeah, fat and the slob. The slob part, but that's just goes with a territory. Although you love my Puerto Rican to loonies. You need to get a whole bunch of those. And we can do like a, I know. Yeah. Are you sure? 27 past no to QAM. 5.0. 5.0. 5.0. Come on. Come on. 2.0. 2.0. 2.0. 2.0. 2.0. 2.0. 5.0. 2.0. Yes, I feel like I have to go. But when I sit down, it ain't so nice. I want to keep the cast in the world. Take your little back to your ankle, back down. No matter what, it's all the same. This kind of place, you should try to eat a steak. Don't have a sense of about what, it's the same. That's it, not that. Tell you what, my turn of coming is all that I've done. About what's up with stare. Oh, I wish I could go. Oh, I wish I could go. Don't knock him out. Don't worry. I'll get a minute. Oh, I wish I could go. Oh, I wish I could go. I guess I'll have no words for tomorrow. I'm sitting down with all my friends. I'm sitting down with this steak. I'm sorry, regular love. Not me, Madam, as regular as a alarm clock, baby. It's one thing I did not inherit from my neurotic mother. Was that, you know, that lifetime conservation. Not that the audience needs to know that. Maybe it's a little bit too much information when you think. Whatever. So they want to get to know me on a personal basis. What are you going to say? That I fired off an email as per Don's instruction. Yes. And your name and I'm awaiting the response. And just to be sure that it wasn't a cooking problem on your computer or something, which Don also mentioned that that might have something to do with it. I, yes. Yes. I set myself a message from your, right now, right? Your cell holder. Yes. I'm going to sit right down and write Billy Williams a quartet. I'll take a little report. So, anyway, I set myself a message from your account and it didn't work. Ah, see, so I'm not a person after you. I'm like a computer. That Canadian. It's, it's my space. Your face, your face, yes. 27 to 1 a QA. I'm on a very, very bizarre. I tend to those things that we really look enough. We had a good book there, not bad. When you know when you're doing a 2-4 in a morning and then a 3-1 a afternoon, and we got around a 7-air, I think we've been pretty good. I think it'll be a 7. Mark it down. Easy number blue. Oh, from here on, I never looked at the answer to what I can do right here. And then radio on more. See, this is what we're up against, man. It is really, it's really, I don't have to tell you. Six eight in midday they got from a 4-1 in a summer to a 6-8 from 8th to 1st. All of them they have to know. Oh, they've got an 8-6 from 3 to 7. Oh, by the way. Yes? Do you like it? That's by request. Oh. They've got an 8-6 in the afternoon. You should live so long again in the 8-6. So what does that mean? I was like, good or is that bad? Who got an 8-6 in the afternoon? A radio on more. From 3 to 7. So maybe from 2 to 3 they had a humongous number in there. Yeah. You thought I wanted to say, I do. See, I've lost track of all I figured out how to do it. Yeah. Well, whatever it'll be, it'll be case of us around. We do number one or number two and we'll take it. We'll like it and we'll take it. Do like it? I love it. You don't like it so much because if we're number two you lose thousands and thousands. Oh, wow. Three teens arrested and beating showed on line. But I saw when you facts me that somebody facts it in. I saw this story and I'm thinking to myself, I'm sitting here. That this goes to sure. I figured about whether I want to lose weight or the reasons. I think that's good to have like a motivation here. Like, no, isn't it? Absolutely. I mean, I'm not doing it for anybody. I'm doing it for myself, just because I don't want to come across as being a fat slum. Which I am. But, you know, as you get older it's not good to be like a fat slum. But I'm opening myself up to the people out there and of course I'm the celebrity on here. See, with me, with me, as you know, I get so enchanted with people. I don't even know that like to me they're the celebrity and I kiss their ass. And I don't want them to kiss my. I don't like ass kisses. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. It's nice. We've had so many nice messages in here. Thank you. Have a nice new few for years since I was like a child. And Yali Adi. And it makes me feel very old. Number one. Number two. That's nice. Nice. In fact, some of the messages I've gotten so far on this thing have been really. A very nice. I can't watch that thing. And even if you said it to me with the right subtitles, I just, I'm sorry. You're horrible thing to say, old, farce like me should be loving, Voran. I mean, nice. That's good. People who appreciate humor should watch that movie. And especially people who like to watch fundamental as Christians made a fool of. Should watch that. I want some rest of it. Okay. See, now he's even taking the shot of my sense of humor, which we just really look at. Shut that. If you like to laugh, I love to laugh. Especially when you work for these people. No, good laugh is an miracle. When you can muster up a good laugh. Three teenagers who beat another girl while being videotaped turn the camera on themselves to brag about the incident before posting the video online police said. So when I was starting to say, is like, opening yourself up the strangers out there, you've got to be a crazy person for all these game players. You know something, this is probably an act of God. But I can't respond to these messages out there, at least for today and maybe for a couple of days. I don't know. Although, don't know. Did you read down's messages? You said as soon as something happened, it came back on immediately. Whatever he was talking about. Did you see that? Yeah, I forgot what he said though. That may be okay in his own white-haired goofy way. He might be alright. Thank you, Don, for trying to help us out. The teenagers who are arrested, this is North Babylon, New York. I have no idea where that is, do you? Must be near the city. I never heard that. O Suffolk County Police. North Babylon, New York. Three teenagers beat another girl online. They stood up to post a video online. They arrested Tuesday and charged as a juvenile of the link with the intent and asked all. The video was shown on two websites. You, too. Guess what the other one was, folks. My space, which are popular with children and overgrown children. In the video, screaming can be heard as a 13 year old girl, covers on the ground while others punch her and kick her repeatedly in the head. At one point, she's dragged along the ground by her hair. I'm serious. The kids who did this, we should hang their ass just like Sodom and his two-hencemen. Hang them on TV tonight. I'm Brian Williams. I will kill you. Good. The beaten girl was not hospitalized in color parents police. And authorities delay in learning about the incident. The filling of heart share, the filing of heart share charges of the assault. Set up a county police lieutenant Robert Edwards. By the time we became aware of it, in a physical injury that any apparent physical injury she had, we're not really a parent to us. He said. Police said the beating which occurred in December 18, around 4pm at a school. Apparently, was stopped after an adult intervene. Someone known Goodsomer and pulled up in his car. We're sitting and seeing the car drop in and they scatter. They scattered. Like a bunch of chickens, like a bunch of cowards. And then they go and put the video tape online. Oh, look at us. We are brave. We are brave. Brilliant. More on. Like the righteous. Right. Like that Ethan of imitative yesterday. I got myself underpants. I'm a liar. You're fair. The names of the accused girls were not released by police because they're being charged as two of the girls are 14 when it's 13. I didn't know that they were girls into this. They just had the 13 majors. The names of the accused girls were not released. Police investigating who taped it. It's an at-lovely. So there's three girls 13 14 girls with the other one is. And they take this and they beat the crap out of her. And they put it online. Brilliant. Like that. And you know, something they're going to marry some poor sucker out there. Yeah, no. I don't know. They're going to talk about the trap for you. I'm not facing your fears. And you like to. And I too. But all my other. Forget about that. Wow. Scandalist is what it is. Come on. Waiting for the judge. That's what I was looking for. Very good. 1260. Boy, every time I look at that post 1260 it takes me back to my days in 1963. Before most of you were born Albeon, Michigan. Oh, WALM. I still think a dirtwood car in Phonius, Pancer. From doing a dump up serious while the news. The news sound there was on. You know, and it was dirtwood just, you know, we had the monitors actually on the station back in those days because it was only our station. There was no FM. There was no FM to blast around like a QA, and they don't want us into the AM. Right. So he can hear it on the monitor and as you realize he's just pulling up his pantalones. Oh, gee. I better get to other and do the news. I'm sure he's dead by now. I want you to stop and think about this. This is a very depressing. But you know, me, I can be depressing. Think about all the people that you've known worked with coming to contact with over the years. And you'll lose touch with them and now they're dead and we don't even know it. Yeah. Like dirtwood cars. I mean, not the care. The PD and Albeon, the guy pulling up the pants to do the news. The guy that caught on the throne. Talk about getting to how it your pants down. That's a good idea. I think the spray called go do that. What? Go get caught with my pants down. Now, but you will. Twenty-two-one at five, sixty. Say, those three girls, man. Some days, some guys that get hitched with one of them and then all boy, look out. Look out. I feel so sorry for some of you heterosexuals, man. That's right. The nagging, the whining. Yeah. Talk about judge Judy. I mean, it's serious. Don't cry for me. I'm already dead. I know. We'll bring you some flowers. Some pansies. In... God. Who you have what it takes to be a kneels will if you do. You will. Sporthold Radio 5, 60 WQAF. Invite you who listen and wear it in. With the 5, 60 QAM kneels will contest. Simply cut and pay someone else in profile and pick to my states. Or 50 words or less. Right. Why you should be a kneels will on the back of the postcard. It's under TWQAF's condios in the McAllister Hotel. Then. When you hear this sound. That's your chance to inherit millions for happy being built. You lose a dollar. It's a battery. It's a dollar. You lose a dollar. Open Test and Spuss Female. No number the 19, nor will it in 25. We'll be shaving and smooth. Judges reserved the right to eliminate contestants based on the rainy quades and similarity rate and scale of 1 to 10. Rettlers I've received an autographed duplicate of meals. Will suitable for framing. And the duplicates of meals. Will found a new and sure-wiver. The parking level before he did by law. All prizes will be awarded by my client and the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it. And if it is very time until the other sites can die. Prop 46. I'm dying on the hair. 5. 6. And over here we will be very pleased. I'm not. I have no thoughts. No conversations. No mention of my will anymore to anyone or anything. Aren't you proud? Yes. We're now George didn't really go out to do a squatting. Yes. No. No. Yes. Wow. So I can say. Are you hitting that? Yes. Chris is hitting the 360 now. Oh, oh. I think I'll even have one in there. Is it a 360? DCS? I don't know what it's going on. No. And that's in there. Oh brother, I'm sure it is. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. White House resists call for carbon emission cancel. Be sure to tell George that I'm not changing my will yet. Well, I'm sure he's concerned about it. He's very. The White House is that well, especially if you don't make the number one in the end. That radio on more thing. Now, do you see what we're up against here? How how how how how do you deal with that? How about how can you compete with that? And by the way, I wish somebody who people including my good Jewish friend that just sent me a message on there. Stop asking me questions. I can't respond today. My my space is screwed up. Okay, my space is in your face. It will not send any messages from our page. It's got the source. The White House is the next hopes of a dramatic shift in climate change. Policy by George Bush, but says the president will lay out his strategy to come back global warming in next week. Still the onion and rest. Right. That's your president, by the way, Chris. Yeah, kind of not really. Tony Snow, Mr. Bush's folks, men denied that the administration was ready to accept fixed camps and carbon emissions by specified target dates. That's not something we're talking about. He said instead, the president's like to emphasize the importance of scientific innovation and comfort, great use of alternative energy sources, and particular ethanol hydrogen fuels to reduce the countries' addiction to oil. Press has been growing steadily on the administration both at home and abroad. Tony Blair raised the issue during his visit to Washington, December as an angel of Merkel, Chancellor Germany. Remember when Bush just leaked up behind her and gave her a kiss on the cheek of whatever, or grabbed her movies? Remember that? Yep. Oh, you're back. Chris said you were taking a humongous squad. It's what he said. On the installment plan, I think I'm going back to the next. Chancellor Germany, which has the presidency of both the UN that's the youth who's somewhat agenda will focus on climate change when it's leaders gathered in the summer. The topic is also said to nominate next week's annual word economic form in Davos, Switzerland. So George has got the squirts, I guess, huh? No, no. Put the country just the law. Walk solid. I see. Well, thank God for that. Oh, in the US, several states, but not. That's probably because all the food that you guys have been in the Trump and on last two days in there. Yesterday was Charles Wednesday. Did you have been mentioned then, did you? Charles? Yeah. Yeah. Not on the air. Charles. Charles. And in tomorrow's, a soup day, would the soup guy? I was not, I was the name of the place. The soup guy. Oh, the soup man. I love my soup man. There's, there are a few things I've put it this before, but there are a few things more depressing to me like, go into a, any kind of a restaurant for lunch dinner. And the kind of a restaurant where they have like a different soup every day. And I ask, well, what's the soup today? Yeah. Oh, I spit pee. Uh, a lancal. Lancal. Oh, brother. Talk about soup for glam, yantal. In the US, several states most notably California have taken matters in their own hands, implicitly criticizing Washington for its faded away. Barbara Boxer, a California Democrat in the New Chairman of the Senate and Hermit Committee, is introducing an actual bill or follows their states example, and seeks to be used carbon emissions by 80% by mid-century. But the very proliferation of initiatives here is complicated in the efforts by Europe. The draw washington to win a new global effort to combat global warming even though its dangers are finally registering with a hilly-tudeless, stainful and skeptical administration. Global warring my ass there's sand, right? This because it's 120 degrees in the north-full, what should we talk about? Basically, the US has to get its own house notice in the EU different line of album talks with the administration. It was also important yet in not-to-raising what is fair about the son of Kyoto, a pact with fixed targets that would replace the existing Kyoto agreement on its expiry in 2012. It's expiry. Don't you love that? This is from the grid independent. The end of the expiry. I see. Oh, they are so talk about constipated. These considerations too make it unlikely, Mr. Bushwell, anything is startling to say an exceuse. If they're doing something, then say very well kept secret. The diplomat said. Say, well kept secret. And his message was KMIT, quick mirror and took us. That was a good story. I say here we are at the, huh? In that cure mirror and took us. Curious. Your, your, your mirror and took us. Wow. What's the like stories about Jews written by Goeim? You know what? What is that? Kier Mirin took us. 1276 votes on our world famous pool on there. We got, I think we're going for 14 today. Let's do it. Let's let everything hang right out. Okay. 1279 now they're coming in bunches. Like hemorrhage, man. They're coming in bunches. Like grapes. Is that what you call sour grapes? Ooh. Remember I talked about my hotness sour soup that I'm eating a lot of from my favorite Chinese. Not actually my favorite Chinese restaurant. It's just, you know, can we eat it? It's yeah, it can be eaten. And that hotness sour soup. Even though it's not that hot and not that sour. It's not sweet and sour. Which I don't think is that kind of like a lot of sugar in it. Yeah. But man, you talk about roiids. Wow. Wow. No, you're siding on the side. Huh? It'll clean out your side. This is too. Yeah. Maybe that's why I sound so good. Oh, but he's amazing to me because we've had some really nasty cool leaves lately. A little bit of salt. There's not much salt on the ground for our cash and over. And by the way, did nice days never went down a little bit. Not, you know, he does well when there's no competition out there when Stearns that on. 1252 and look at that. It's already minus one that's going to be plus one today. 34. Not bad, huh? Not bad at all. Not bad. Which means, you know, and let's see, let's see what's coming. Howdy and 34. Come on. You can change it on here. I want to see the next three days. The listeners are on the edge of their seats now. This is mighty important stuff. Plus one tomorrow minus four on Saturday, but sunny in minus one 30 on Sunday. But third man. So you people are just getting a little chilly here in South Florida. Right. To be your worst problem. 279 votes. George Judy says we got to give to 1400 by two or word dead meat. 1283. Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007. The US will attack Iran 540 and look that beer real piece of crap if that happens. If it's lunatic and his fellow neocons, pull that kind of a con job. Be a bad move. Yes. Newly over the low for the my space friend 188 to which I would say, Oh, right. Yes. I do. Jim Matt is will work a full week without taking a day off on 41. This could be the week everybody stay tuned. Tune to the W will be impeached 99. I hit this 486. Hank will lose an answer to her 384. Couldn't hurt. Wayne will sell the dolphin 71. George will get his own show on QM. You've got a real battle going on there. You and your buddy. Go back to the right time. Now, okay. Get out of my face bitch. George will get his own show on QM 39 and mole return to QM only 35. I've got a four of what we've done there. Are you George fans out there better hop on you better lean on that folks? Yeah, both of us. Jump right on it. 1253. This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. And here's the new Mr. Dark Funko. Two more sounds on. In your little boat. From one wall. God bless you please. Mr. Dark Funko. There's a happy fine that you will play. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Tell you ever to maneuver good in our place, Carlos. If we have you, then why don't you help yourself? Look around you all you see. I'm dilated eyes. If you get it strong, do it in your phone. And yes, if you, Mr. Dark Funko. Smoking down just eat this so your phone. One more one. God bless you please. Mr. Dark Funko. Come on, Simon. Hope you're not spot to wait. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. First our car buckle and now Michael Vickle. What's going to be next? How can we trust? Next it'll be George Rodriguez. 13 and revotes on the pool. I don't think we're going to make 14. I think we slowed down. Chris wasn't pushing enough. He learned from Josh. He wasn't pushing it. 13 and we'll get what we'll get. How's that? Next we look at it. Just like on the phone, man. That thing has been dormant. They're not even trying today. I'm not really sure I know why. I guess they figured they gave up. Well, I'm sure they got a lot of material. I did love to share with us. Now that thing that Don said and you did something and nothing happened. I just tried it again. But the way. Yes. I said them in email. Per his instructions. I see. But I don't expect anything. And there's 45 weeks from some restaurant. Maybe we'll get a response and they might do something that I do know about my spaces. They don't care about you or your issues. Mark has no money involved. Right. And why did they do that? What's the reason for that? What do they do? What? Make it a free service. Could they charge you like 10 bucks a year? I mean, they got money. Nobody would go on there. They wouldn't have millions of members. But they have ads. They run their little banner ads and stuff. Yeah. I'll still be making a lot of money on that. So if they're making a lot of money on that crap, then why don't they at least get some tech support people on there instead of just having that stupid online support. They do. They do raise a lot of money off this radio show too. And they don't keep her crap about it. I understand that. How's that cable company you silly bastards in engineering? Fix it my ass. WQA and hello. QA and we. Now there was a good one. I was one of the better ones we've had about two weeks. My favorite. 567.0.560. 560.0. Verizon and C.U. Laribus line. WQA and hello. QA and. Neil. Yes. What is your. My. I.D. My. Space dot com slash Neil God. Neil God or guy. God. GO. Deal. Good. Excellent. I thought I wanted to know. Okay. Thanks. All right. Well, there you go. And of course, anybody can go on our regular. Side meal rages dot com. And there's the don't we have a nice link to it on there. I link to that. I'll link in the sink. You have a link in log. I think you just have them or two. I'm building. I'm building. I'm in the line nine. Q.A.M. I'm still waiting for back. Okay. Well, wait. Let us know when you're done. Let's know when Jason Robard's croaks. Okay. You know, that was kind of funny once. You know what? Well, it was moderately amusing. I said, kind of funny. It was like, huh, not hysterical. Not fall down to floor and peeing your pants kind of Lavin. It was mildly amusing once, you know. The night. Do you guys now a Chris ever see Magnolia? Nope. Oh. Well, don't let George run in for you. Okay. Okay. Double to get you not interested. It's a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a. Oh, that's right. I forgot. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Sir. Yes, sir. You know that that started. George has a nerve to play. All you can eat and you grow on MLK day. Yeah. The one. Ah, blow it out your ass. See, how many Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Yes, sir. I got a new slayer. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm really delighted to hear you. You're right. It's the whole story. Okay. Give us a right. A autobiography of yourself. For for a five. The run the tombogai. Oh, how very, how very, very sad. Oh, how pathetic. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pound five, 60 and five, and leave a rising and singular wireless line. How tragic. It's, it's safe, tragic. I don't think it'll happen again. You can't believe it. I'd like to know more about your humidifier. You can't believe it. You'd like to know more about it. Yeah, I'll tell you what. They're sending over. You can rest. Sit on it. Find and keep your butt humid all day long. How do you like that, sir? Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound. See, it's good that we know that most of the calls we get leavey are from across the street. And by the way, you're still a young guy still out enough of the right home about it. Dolphin book. That's their claim to fame is the fall book. And you know what, they edges out of the morning by a tenth of a point, which I don't think will happen again. And you know, and the rest of the nothing. Nothing. A little bit in the dolphin book. Wait until you see what happens in the winter book. Just like that, Joel. And while were those rumors that jazz courtes were starting about them? WQAM, hello. Hey, how you doing, pali? Okay, sir. Yes, sir. I was going to touch baseball, quick on something. The media kind of said that the California Citrus crop was basically wiped out through to a freeze, even three inches of snow down a malibu. Yeah. Being an approach business, like people know that publics, when dixie-op versus, I don't care if it's stopping shop, any of these places are making between two and 700 percent bark up on produce, or any making two to eight percent on can goods, Neil. Yeah. So what does that mean? Well, I mean, if they're saying the price is going up triple, they don't have a contest when it comes. The markup is brutal because the mid-day consumer who buys the produce, they can't even afford it. Well, I'm a meat lover myself, and I'm thinking about that macaroni and cheese too when you come right down with that would be bad. If I'm going to lose all that weight and look a little bit more human and spiffy for all my good online friends, but I come down here. I don't want to be, you know, blabin around with macaroni and cheese in my perfect wouldn't that be bad? That would be. What are you just to make your own with some cream field? I don't because I don't have any macaroni. I got pasta. What's a different thing? They do have the macarony. Well, it's just a shape and a texture and a whole thing. I mean, that's like saying when you go to a restaurant, why would you order macaroni as opposed to like ordering spaghetti? You know? Exactly. Why would you? I got to be honest with you. I don't think I've ever ordered macaroni in a restaurant. I could be wrong about that. Now, like it a buffet, what's the reason? Well, sometimes the hook is like macaroni salad. No, man. Macaroonies salad. No, I'm going to get my blood sugar assorted up there for macaroni salad. So as you know, one thing about me, if I'm going to like a die from eating things that I shouldn't like ice cream and pasta and all of these things, I'm going to make sure it's something they're good. There is nothing more frustrating than me than going out and figuring I'm going to binge today. You know, my weight is good and I got my blood sugar and ice word should be. And go out and get like a punta ice cream and it's a new flavor. You know, and I've been bitching about this for a long time. Ben and Jerry's as much as I love them. You know, I've come up with more crappy flavors in last couple of years and you'll try one of the new ones and it's like, oh, I see. You know, why did I do that? I don't know. And I put it there and I do nuket the microwave and spite of what I'm my online buddies that keeps telling me quit nuket your ice cream. Okay, it makes me nauseous. If I wanted to milkshake, I'd get a milkshake. My girl business. Yeah, my girl business Brandon. What's the funny QA in? Hello. Neil, where's your material? I mean, time's cheating. Yeah, yeah, there he is again. Every single day. There's your material. You've been on this phone eight million times and you always say the same crap. Okay, every single time. Where is your material? How come you don't give me a big kissy kissy? I'll give me a big kissy. You act though, my foot. Deep inside your bowels, baby. I'll give you roads for life. Okay, no extra charge. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Somebody on there heard a radio in the back. They're looking. They're lurking. QAM. Fantasy line. Can't do it. They couldn't get it up. WQAM. Hello. You'll be my phone, Barrett. WQAM. Yeah, tell me some produce. I went to public today and I paid 24 cents for a banana. I don't have a problem with that at all. Okay. I had a good line for that too. Yeah, I need to. I'll help her peel it and bury it. Well, I mean sometimes you put things in the ground and they grow. You never did that right? They grew some. Oh, brother. Let's have a big good stimulus about that. You know, 24 cents for a banana. See, I think I got a four to hold bunch. 1321 votes. I don't know. We got 50 minutes and we need 79 votes. I think we do have a shot. See, Chris tried to talk me out of it. By not having it. We have a thousand 92 of my space friends, by the way. We need only eight more and I still can't send any messages out. So if you think, oh, he sure is unfriendly. He's not replied to me. He must take me. Forget about that. There's nothing worse than thinking when somebody doesn't reply to you. That they hate you like poison. Believe me when I say to that. Don't start getting psychotic and getting a complex because somebody doesn't drop their whole life. And just like, oh, gee, I better respond to Neil right away like that. Because I'm a schmuck. Because I'm a person. I have no patience. Okay. And as a result, this is one of the in some ways. One of the worst things that could ever happen. And like now I'm looking on somebody's regular. Let's see. It says nothing like a good fight to spaghetti. A spaghetti. It says you have to watch Mad TV to understand that one and stop. And stop the stop-nooking. This is from a brand in his episode. I keep nooking the. Look at the Jerry's his heart is up. Break. Yeah. So is the listen. If you go like into a convenience store, which is where I buy or even with a supermarket. And you buy a puna ice cream. It's sitting in that freezer and they keep it extra cool. Because they don't want to let their stuff, you know, spoil it because people open the doors. That is correct. And as a result, when you bring home, unless you live in a long, long way. And it's like in a minute, of course, in Florida, so hold different ambions here. It's like 30 degrees. But third man. And the ice cream ain't going to melt on my wild home from the story, you know? So you take off the lid of the ice cream like I'm hogin' does. There's that little plastic thing they have to rip off. Under the lid. And then you said, it's as solid as a rock. It's a great. I told you that time that my good friends in here, Canada, this is years ago when I was talking about the Ben and Jerry's fish food. I told you that. Everybody in executive place for dessert got free fish food. But it was, you know, like a little bowl of fish food. It was as hard as a brick. And you're taking your spoon, you know? Are it plastic spoon? No. That was back in the days when actually had a regular spoon. I remember that. We actually scored some airline silverware ones. Did you really? Yeah, we had. You're probably the kind of guy who wishes Puffernik's was still around. So you're going steal it and silverware. And a sweet and low. And all that stuff. Sure. This is all those years that I made fun of senior citizens. And now I'm one of them. And you notice just like I promised you, I would never be like that. I'm not cheap. I'm extraordinarily generous to a fault. In fact, I'm thinking of donating my bonus money. Whatever it's going to be. Give it in a way. Good for you. I'm just trying to afford a laptop so I can be a good producer over here. I'm sure that Josh and now he's making a big bucks. I'm sure he'll be more in half of it if I want. Right after he buys that big screen TV for George. Roger. My name is Mark and I played the game with baseball since I was nine years old. I was fairly able to play 15 years in the major league series. Sports fans. He is really known for his powerful hits and his wants to home. But it seems they don't make my heart. I love respect for national national national. And you're Mark, no blood. You're only now baby and it's such a shame that it's not even less. You're just making a muster and from the whole of thing we go. Stir once you get it started here. You can't even mark my blood here. Go here at the joke and 20 grin and kill with pin 1-0 and 1-2. Here was Mark you all over here. There's been a problem with stair-adducing baseball. Everybody would show up with a shit soaking wet from the past. We didn't know we were too low. We just drove some fire here. It is a problem. Mark's low-clare. And that needs to be addressed. Mark's low-clare. The performance and enhancing drugs. Many times we've been changed. Mark's low-clare. My heart goes out to every parent who's son or daughter. He's a little bit scared. He's a little bit scared. He's not living the past though. He wants to look to the future. He's a little bit scared. He's a little bit scared. You do got it? Yes. No. What does that mean? I got it. I guess if you look like him, you probably would too. That's the thing. It says on their 99 years old, you know, which guys at the want to tell you how old they are, anybody. They just make up. Right. Wild stuff. He says regarding Kant sin that I still can't change the profile of any O'Rodger show, start an O'Rodger's profile, set it to private, only add cool people. Have you understand what he's saying? Yeah. What does that mean? Was I starting all over him? Exactly. Is that what that means? Yeah. We may have to do that. Okay. And we'll always put cool people on their like Johnny G and stuff like that. I'll speak to that. I don't know how many people are actually being able to get their stuff through. You know? We haven't had anybody call. And of course, our callers are not the same as the people on here, except of course for the Chronics. Like Ethan, you know, like Phony Ethan, like the cranks. Like, uh, like that. So you don't think that's a good idea? Because I don't know. I know nothing about this crap, man. You've floated this on me. Oh, yeah. What does that mean? Oh, yeah. You were my idea? No, but you weren't necessarily supposed to even be interacting with it. It's kind of a glorified online ad for the show. Well, let me just say this. The inbound messages today have been way way down. What I normally would get any wonder why? Because they know I can't reply. Correct. See, a lot of these people are hand bones. It's like some of my good friends on it. Who love, you know, talk about them on here. I like it almost. There is almost nobody who says, oh, don't talk about me on here because, uh, you're unbashful or you're like that. Follow? Yep. Their hand bones. They're the intention. They're very attention. Who doesn't? Some of them will get a lot more attention than others. But anyway, so Paul's idea is a bad one or what? I mean, we could do that today. I mean, how long would that take? Uh, I longer than I would have spared than Miguel in around. I'm not talking about you doing it. It's Miguel's responsibility. I think it's drastic. I think a lot of people, you're going to get a lot of, uh, you think it's a drag Coney and measure? Yes, I do. And I take this out. A lot of people have a lot of suggestions that will not involve any extra effort on their part. Right. Well, I'm going to approve it anyway. We'll put it on there. Whatever you say. And then my Jewish friend David, who's still waiting for response, David, I can't send you a message. Okay? You're hamyonkel you relax. 1339 on the point. Oh, we need 61 and 39 minutes. Oh, it's a possibility. I don't want to do this to our early news show because I don't want to have too many suicides. So I saved it for later on. Okay. I'll probably should take somebody's calls. It's pretty depressing. It's about the nuclear, the doomsday clock. Did you see it? No. You're out. It's later than you think. Oh, let's create. Oh, let's create. Oh, I'll show that. Okay, sir. Baba, booy. Yeah. Baba, you're ass. WM, hello. Q, A, M. Yes, stranger. That was her. That was either. That was either Don Johnson, San Major, George, Judy. I'm sure of it. That was Don. W, Q, A, M. Hello. Q, A, M. Nice deadline. We have one of the history. Two of me really soon. And there it is. There's their dial phone. Q, A, M, hello. Yeah, middle off. If you're having problems sending your messages, it could be a you were blocked by that person. I can't send anybody. Don't you understand sir? I can't send out a message to anybody. Not just a person to anybody. Did you try to get to yourself? Anyway, we're, if they won't come through. Oh, no. I know, I know. You know, you could track her on your account. So you could see who's looking at you. No, I never heard of that. Huh? I never heard of trackspace.com. I'm not that net. See, I like I said, hopefully the people are going to call us or not going to be the people from the My Space Most of them because Oh, boy. The scientist who minded doomsday clock moved to Tumon's close at midnight last night. Simbolizing the annihilation of civilization and adding the pearls of global warming for the first time. It's 11.55. The bullet number of the atomic scientists which created the doomsday clock in 1947 to one of the world of the million. The rocket was the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second and and the second to be the Oh, what's going to happen? I meant that. I'm why I'm my 2K when we go from 1999 to 2000 in the Adiati Adiati and all the clocks are going to grow crazy and the water's going to get shut off and you're electricity and your dog is going to be farting all over the house. It's going to be unbelievable. What's this angry woman who comes to light if it wasn't for Chris Nguyenski. He's a former Harvard football. Well, we don't care. 1343 votes on a poll were making our real push for 14 which I think we shot. We overshot our 1348 35 minutes 52 votes. That's not even 2 a minute. That's like 1 and a half a minute. Don't you think with his vast audience we used to have that we ought to be able to do that? Now what data we actually get the LSE today is Thursday, probably not till Monday. We got to wait all week. That's right. To get the damn break out the, uh, the actual hourly so that we know what we did between 10 and 2 and whether we get the number 1 bonus or number 2. It would be a lot more fun on Monday to be able to come in and go on the air and say, as opposed to saying we're two. Oh, not well done. But anyway, we'll see. You think we made it, huh? That's nice. They're a little bit special thinking in my case. I hope we do. Yeah, a lot of money there. I could use for woodbine. I'm going to say okay five chickens and a goat. Okay, good. 26 past while we got the mad dog at two, I forget the panthers and the maple leaf said the yet to say that guilty before the game he's free to do five and seven. Oh, brother. And of course, he'll be doing a game along with Sylvia's Red Your Randy Moore from 7 3 to 10. Just the anger after the game. That's our award winning QM schedule. Like it or not. And of course, that's going to be on our new billboard. Here's our lineup. Do you like it? Right. Or not. Or not. Or do do do do do do. Not. And. Stench of palmenor. Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. What? After five. This is going to be tense. We have a 13.54 and a pulling in 46 votes in 29 minutes. Can we do it? That's like, I don't know. Sure thing. We're depressed. Yes. Oh, brother. Yeah. Well, we'll say and if we don't, the big thing can deal right? 26, 705, 60. I mean, who's counting? When you got a thousand 92 mice face friends, most of them under the age of 1,000 two by the way. Well, that's good. It is good. So what's going to happen when we hit a 1100? Nothing. 1100. How about four to, you mean 1100? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what's we had 1100? Then we go for 1200. You keep saying new goals. That guide was on there before with the suggestion that you didn't like Paul with the assured off. He he's got 2134 friends. And you and by the way, both of you guys will be very interested to see all of his friends, or at least most of them anyway. Trust me when I tell you. I could represent myself as you already know any of us could represent ourselves as someone who would have 3000 friends if we wanted to. Yeah. And so not a lot of work though to take all those pictures of somebody else's profile. There are a lot. Right. Click save as you do it. 2134. I think you're jealous. And I think when you look at the pictures on there with a hot chicks on there, you're going to say, I don't care whether they're real or imaginary. I'm, you're going to like that. That's what you're going to be doing. Like whatever. Well, you are skeptical, man. After all the good experiences I've had on here. Which I can only take a two at the moment. And one who's still very mysterious. Finally, he likes it that way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's get a real Fourier calls through this last half hour. Okay. Yeah, the Jewish guy and whatever his name was David, he wanted me to explain to him the ratings and how they works for that every time I talk about them. What it is, it's a bunch of a crap is what it is. Okay. It's a popularity contest. And this thing with these Julio stations, glad you are more that that is it's all mind blowing, huh? Bogus. Bogus is in the complexity of describing it. Bogus. How many QAn? It doesn't make sense. QAn, hello. Try to get well, I'm hitting it. I'm banging it. QAn. Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to like, you know, that somebody was calling you and impersonating you actually. Yeah. You're back? What did I ever? Yeah. Please, I didn't. I'm trying to, we don't have a script on this chapter. Yeah. Well, that's the same guy. He came on with a on the my spacing and I thought we had like a you know, a fairly friendly kind of understand. And he's back to the same crap again. Sir, get a life already. Please. I have no life. Oh my god, that's the thing about some of you people. So many of you people get a freaking life. They could have happened. Oh, talk about a one-note Charlie. What did I ever do? He was he was like a normal person on there. Guess again. I said on there. Which goes to show you that what you think is normal on here. Then you find out what we just say. Right. What you see is not always what you get. How do you QAn? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. You know what I know. It's about my face also. Is this the like that night of this call? If they take themselves off, they kiss your friends number. It doesn't change. Like for example, it says I have 38 friends. Well, two of them dropped off. Him and his girlfriend dropped off. And he's slust through the day. And it's still says 38. So it takes a while for everything to be updated. Yeah, maybe so. Well, yeah, and it would me. I have no to say because I have seen when somebody will drop shop for whatever that does go down a number. And another thing when you add somebody it takes like a couple hours before they show up in your list of friends under the picture shows up in a profile on the whole day. That takes an hour and a half to hours. So it's fine, but I don't know. Doesn't let you see everyone is different. They're all screwed up. Yeah, because you have so many nice lives. Now, have you ever had a technical problem? Have you ever had a technical problem where you couldn't send a message or receive? I had so many technical problems on there. No matter what the kids do. Right. It'll just say sorry that we're experiencing technical problems. We'll forward this to my safe technical or whatever. And who knows what that is? Yeah, super bird-ock man. They're evil. And then you just got to come back to it a while later. I mean, your issue seems to be taking a long time, but for some reasons. But yeah, I've had lots of problems on there like everybody has. I think they just don't They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. Yeah. Well, I had an idea for a poll and that's sure how to go about it. I guess it could go one of several ways. Okay. And I want to go one way. We're going ahead. It hurts to me when I was listening to the radio the other day. When you're not on it, try to find something else. And I guess the question came up. You mean, I was in the tent at two years talking about. Yeah. Oh, I thought that was a shot at George. I'm sure George is in the tent. No, no, I don't. I was just sounded like it was a really mean spirit of childhood George. As very early. No, I love it. Then you feel like when you're taking it at a late George? Yeah, no, no, I go ahead. Anyway, I was thinking when you're listening to the radio, what makes you immediately punch it to another station? Is something come on? I think what we were just talking about with a lot of these people. They're just nauseous from that. Well, life's good. I never thought. First of all, when it was first on there, I almost never dispested at all, because I didn't know anything about it. And then when you get kind of sucked into it, you know, and you start communicating and you realize you actually reply to them, then it becomes like bigger than life and it becomes a part of the show. And there are a lot of people out there who are like over the age of 100 or just having no interest in computers or this site in particular. And then, oh my god, that's all he talks about. You know, so I think that was certainly probably winning. Well, I love it. So, but I know with personality, their topics or bands like Creed, which is what inspired me. You know, there's a free song on John. Good choice. That's what I do. I just take a deep breath of it. And he talks it off. But he can be badly. He's going to be my joe of you. You know, can be bands or people or subjects. Come on. Okay. You can tweak it, whatever you want. What makes you reach for the mouth faster than anything else? It's Creed. Okay. Creed or Banzo? That's going to be the pool. Oh, poor John Banzovi, poor John. It was adorable, but I hated music. Oh, nobody. Nobody's perfect. Everything does shit. Don't look at me. Okay, everybody. Nice line. John Banzovi. Just saying the song about a happy couple. You know, I'm always wondering, because I can take him or leave me all in the music. He's so it's okay. Yeah. That's what I'm seriously. What's the, why is everybody hate him so much? Well, he's really, uh, let's see the music sucks. You're a rehearsal stand-ex. Yeah. I'm done. I mean, you could have added more to that if you want. Yeah, I'm here for me. Let's hear it. And where did all this crap about him being like that come from? Purple stand-ex. Oh, well, in other words, straight guys that were a purple stand-ex pants? No. It's good enough for a very manalo. Yeah. Ress like real man like that. Uh, her 13 70 on a pool. This, this is going to be this maybe one of our all time as tight as which is earlobe. Maybe this is going to be really close right down to the edge. I'm on, I'm on a very edgy, my swivel chair here. Like, like Larry King, when a start swivel in a mile, like a dravel 13 70 on a pool. We need 30 votes in 21 minutes to get to 1400. And as Chris said, and then one. And dumb as Chris. Oh, you heard that, that, that, that, that, that, that that you hear? Wow. You're fair. Got some bad news from the start. Mary Jane, he's in a family way. Where he heard his grand honor will at two rummits. And he fell back, he been shot in the face. And swimming is coming from the club. He gave Mary says he's pregnant. You're fair. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That you're fair in. No one knows who is the daughter. But everyone holds each rumble array. If kids they are from the open sound, give it. If they're little baby, we'll be gay or straight. The textures also not confused. They marry every producer. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That you're fair in. Oh, my God. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 13 and you three, we need 17 votes in 16 minutes. I just barely one minute. If we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down. Shut the transmitter down. I think we got two more. We got 1094 now. I don't know why I switched. I almost got our 1100. Wouldn't that be a real feather in somebody's hands? That would be something. Wow, it would be something to see somebody walking around. And you know what else is really amazing to me? I think we did pretty well considering. Considering the fact that the numbers on the rest of the stage, not exactly what you'd call. You know, and of course, that radio on more, that skews everything down anyway. Everybody else takes a hit because of that. Right? That's a good excuse. But I mean, you know, considering the fact that the other part of day parts are going to like, two's and three's. And we're sitting there would probably close to a seven or maybe even over seven. God only knows. Oh, God. See what I'm saying? No, what do you say? I don't know. No, I'm just saying that considering there is no promotion, no support. And what's smoky Joe thinks is his idea of letting me support it to show which is not existing. I think we ought to put a pat on our each other's ass. All right. What do you say? Because you have pushed him over right now. I saw a pat and with George C. Scott. It's not. No heavy pat in there, right? 184. We need 16 votes in 15 minutes. It's still there. They're pouring in one at a time now. They're coming in by the ones. If we fall a little bit short, that would be really bad wouldn't it? Nope. And then you'd have to do the show tomorrow. We need 15 votes in 14 minutes. It's coming out that we need one more than the number of minutes we got. So in other words, during one minute, two people are going to have to act or vote. Oh, that's possible. Talk about pressure, man. Too much pressure for a whole fart like me. WDQA and hello. Go away, hey me. WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. I've been away for a while. Just come back to town. What the hell happened to your show? What does that mean? He's going articles. What's with it? Oh, brother. Same old, same old stuff. Same had it Dave by the way. He's handsome. Yeah, okay. He's handsome? Yeah, if I say so. What happened with these barren articles? I've been out of time. Yeah, what happened with the colors that have nothing to say like you, you jackass, you moron. Boring! Boring! But you're sitting there listening to it and you'll never turn it off. If I lived to be 150 in a month or two long after you croaked, you will never turn off. That's the interesting part of it. Anyone know why? I have no rights. Thanks for non-estancer. Now this is the new Oru team. We're going to get on there. We're going to call off in the Oru. The Holy Spirit told me about yesterday. And we still don't want that jackass on a station or does anybody else? What's his name, Dave Schmindrick? I forgot. I forgot. Sherwood Schwarzen. Sherwood? Sherwood? Darn Sherwood. Darn Sherwood. Darn Sherwood. I remember a Britisher with probably the same person probably a sex change. Somebody QA and Hello. And back answer. That was Don. Somebody QA and Hello. I mean. Somebody QA and Hello. I mean. Somebody QA and Hello. I mean. Somebody QA and Hello. Who done No? For the. We find a industry richer group of the ringmen. 560, 560, 560, you're good man. You people are really good. Not on the phone. Thank God. In fact, a lot of these. That's one of the good things about my spaces that I've met a lot of people on there. I say, man, you know, like theoretically. Who are like living and breathing people, nice people. Who might actually have something to say. And of course, normal people don't call radio toff shows. Normal people, if there is such a thing. Don't call radio toff show would be nice. Crazy people, especially in the middle of the daytime. Like 10 to crazy people with no lives. Call radio toff shows. Like that. Or you think the Ackys can win the pen. Who's got to make the no coach in the dolphins? Like that. 1395, maybe plus tax and be capable. I think we got it. I think we're looking at. Don't you? Well, I'm not looking at the Ackys. We're in like Flynn, maybe. Well, when I get that ice cream, I'm not going to do it. I'm one of these seven today. I want to have another spectacular day. It's a fun of the fact that my friend Brandon's trying to talk to me to go out and buy and funny quotes on ice cream. You're not in my will sweetheart, okay? No, he just says don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. I like it that way. Is there anything wrong with the other one? No, I don't. Okay, so you said that. Are you doing? Yeah. No, it will be. I have to nuken till it's like a puddle. I can look at it. It's a softened up a little bit. Softened up. And I have to break your damn dinsher zone in there. That's right. This is creamy. That's exactly correct. 1396, four more votes. We get 1,400 and then we get a huge bonus. In fact, they're going to be jumping around in the hallways. Every Maddie, that will be out there. And Greg, we're going to be high five and in low high five and step in. You in the back and line through their teeth. But also new. Must have managed on a halala has that's right. Even George knows what that means. So what's a minge? Oh, we're talking a little bit. We'll get it out. Hey, Jacob, look in the mirror. I'll tell you. I remember I read that thing about looking at the mirror. You see an A whole. Look at there. You'll see a dumb guy. Oh, I'm sorry. Which of these things is more likely to happen in 2007. The US will attack a ran, five eighty. Neal will look for the mice face friend to await. Jim Andy's to work a full week without taking a day off. 156. WWE will be in peach 107, which we would only say. Like that. I think this pool 96. A mere 6.48%. Not bad for the discredible masses of South Florida. Masses and asses. Hank will lose an answer to 93. Wayne will sell it off in 76. George will get his own show on QM 44. You're still writing a neck neck. Now neck and neck. And low returns to QM 38. So you got a six volt lead. So when 1398 we only need two more. I bet you if I refresh it. We got the 14 hundred. I'd like that. 14 hundred. WFTL for a lot of days. Every those days. Oh, no, my can't. And what's your name? What was that? Jeff? That was on there. Joyce Kaufman. That's right. Not Kaufman. Joyce Kaufman. What kind of the way that that that's also? It's like, do you use for going in old Kaufman? What was that? Or a bucket. Are you starting again? And did you really play all you can eat Negro on Monday? Yeah, did well. I had a situation that I needed to deal with. Not a bodily function situation. Right. Wow. But you seem to be an awful lot of that going on with you today. Right. For sure. It's completely off. A trip right in the middle of the show. That's right. Seems to be a little on the Lucy. Lucy side with you lately. And with that's all about. I don't really do. So you got a six volt lead. But we got 14 and a row votes. And now that really. I bet you're Chris can read easy to now. 1404. See, big people. The people are coming to our aid here at the end of the show. And whatever happened with that technical thing that dawns suggested there. Nothing. I'm sure nothing. I'm sure nothing will happen. What is that? I won't get a response. But you'll really be very excited to find out. Guess who came on here and said, you're becoming a Myspade expert. I'm impressed. Can you reply yet? Guess who sent that to me just a moment ago? I don't know. Because I can't reply because I try to say no. No. No. No. Johnny. Oh, gee. He was. Don't go away. Mad Johnny. Just go away for a little while. Take a break. Take a break. Take a breath. Take a breath. And look at that. We got more friend requests. See, at least the one thing the incoming is still. I guess okay. And who's this old, who here, Bruce? Bruce is 56 in Pompano Beach. It looks like a real guy. He's married. He's home count is Queens. He's straight as an arrow. And whatever else. So that's a thousand and ninety five. So just remember this next to the two in tomorrow. Think tomorrow's the day that we go over 1100. Even if I whether I can send or receive or you know, whatever I can do. Not much conceive. Maybe I can conceive. Maybe I can have somebody's baby and never know. Most of the food. A true buildup. According to a new pool. Yeah. The new times Bloomberg survey shows a strong majority of Americans of poses. President pushes the United States to send more troops to America. And about half the country was Congress to block the deployment. According to a brand new times Bloomberg pool. What's with those boring articles now? What's in a way for a while? Yeah. But away from what? About 10 years now you moron. You can just see them sitting around in the border. I'm not selling anything over there. I'm sure about like a dollar a dollar. And they probably got the white mic back to white microphone. Yeah. With the crystal radio inside. I told you about that. That's a true story. Yeah. It's a stericle. The white mic. It was like a white plastic phony microphone with your call. It was on top. It was a border room thing. You know, it's self-taught stations. And then they would put me advertised just place a business in it. And had like a little crystal air tune to your frequency. And that was the only station that it would pick up. And Montana for remote. We had a pink microphone. Well, it's the shoe fence. Yeah. Oh, God. Coming up tonight. On inside the behind the true Hollywood so every user biography profile story. They taught the church with a upbeat little number about a very particular sexual fantasy. They didn't even give a crap that it was scientifically impossible. They were the winner girls. In the name of the moon. How the moon lives in the name of the moon. This song is an abomination against God. Reverend Peter Bint is a fire and grinch-dilled preacher who believes the weather reals 1980s hit is an abomination against God. I just said that. Sorry. For God has sent many plague rain from the sky. Blood, fire, even froms. But for the sky to deposit men into the waiting hungry sweaty lowens of moistened harlot's is nothing but... An abomination against God. Testify a brother. Now I tell you if and I mean if the all powerful did decide to rain men upon this earth. It would not be a simple festival of lust. No. It would actually be very dangerous. It would go something like this. Rain in the moon. A horror. The horror. And the weirdest thing brothers and sisters. Isn't somehow this blasphemous old dephramus beauty. Very quick, give me a hand from for the homo-sexual. May I quote Corinthians 613. For the prophet did say, The gaze like this thing. Go figure. The Whithagirls. If loving them is wrong, I don't want to be right. It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-look at your business. Tonight, on his side of our island. Bye-bye-bye!