Oh, look, look. The axis of evil. You've heard about it, but until now, you've only heard half the story. Now, you can experience the softer side of evil. When you join, the axis of evil fan club. I... I... Not that kind of club, Saddam. Oh, sorry! The axis of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France. And when you join, we'll send you an autograph date by 10 glossy of one of the evil, but lovely wacky nut jobs who runs a ran. Dear, in today, best wishes for an untimely dead. You so very much deserve. Freak odds, you're loving Mala. Mala! Plus, when you join the axis of evil fan club, the dog eating evil doors of North Korea will include a beautiful axis of evil t-shirt with this peace-loving message. Check it out. It says, I joined the axis of evil fan club and all it got was this loud-teacher, so they're poor. I deserve to die. Whoah! That's so cool! And best of all, joining is easy. Send no money. Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember of the axis of evil fan club. Join today. Okay, I'll let Samantha heads all the time. All the getkeys all the time. All the people with their eight-century guard managers. You know, let's see a 21st-freak in century year with the program, year with the program. Or good news from Iraq, by the way. Or great sectarian warfare, fuel-to-sharp increasing global terrorism in 2016. The US Department of Florida yesterday, the total number of terrorist attacks was up more than 25 percent. Oh, my God. From the previous year, a quarter of the state department's annual report on global terrorism. Incidents in Iraq, a cut of for nearly half of the 14,000 attacks, and keep in mind that before we went in there and, you know, rated the country and overthrew Sodom and occupied it, they didn't have any of that. But we're doing a wonderful thing for them, people's. Incidents in Iraq, a cut of for nearly half of the 14,000 attacks and about two thirds of them were the 20,000 fatalities worldwide. The number of deaths claimed on the attacks increased by about 40, not about 30,000. About 40 percent. Wow. We're good news. Every day the news gets better and better. I don't, is it me or is it, I don't know. The overhead, I guess I could probably. I don't know. But I just, I don't know. Is it sound fine? Yes. Does it sound like me? Just like you. No, that's what I'm saying. No, that's what I'm saying. All we're fine. Here's the appulment yesterday. And I, I don't know, just, they really don't care. Like I said, there's no, there's no passion for much of anything in South Florida, except the early bird dinner. Because South Florida is basically, yeah. I hate to put that. Yeah, I'm in the some nice people there. You know, here and there. You've got a search, but there's some nice folks, but they're stuck there basically, I think. How pissed off for you that the dolphins didn't grab Brady Quinn? 50, 50, 131 votes. But only if we get to do some homework on the Kentucky, Derby. Okay. I just, I don't have any idea who's running. I don't know anything about any of these horses. I guess I better go online and start doing my stunning. Your dude diligence, my dude diligence for Friday show. Because I don't want Dave Johnson to call in and have me say, who's running Dave, you like that? That would be really, yeah, like I did. And then you pick a name out of a hat. That's a good way to do it anyway. Here comes the buddy and there goes your money. A fool and his money are soon parted, baby. All this gambling stuff is for crazy people. That's why tomorrow's an early woodbond Wednesday. We got out of here 1230 tomorrow. Not that we're excited about that. But we are. But we are. At least not a lie about it. I'm not going to say, oh, gee, we're getting screwed. Who cares? The money continues coming in and speaking with that. We got the ratings coming out on Friday. He's going to be any bonus money for anybody. Oh, confidence isn't just low. Confidence doesn't exist in this particular situation. There we go. We had kind of a rough run here for a couple months of QA. And we made a little bit of a comeback in the last month. They had last trend. But I don't think enough to get us any money, which you desperately need. Yeah. How about Chris? Do you get a bonus? Yeah. I think it's called my question. What? Why are you laughing so hysterically? I don't know. Nobody else. Nobody gets out of this. What is this? That's it. And that's it. That's the list. Not Josh Cortis because he used to work on a show. He can't catch that check by the way. I don't care what Chris keeps telling me. He never can't. Maybe he doesn't want it. Maybe he wants to send it back. No, be okay. In fact, I've had a 12 hundred SM that would come in handy tomorrow. It would buy him. I could lose that in the first 45 minutes. In fact, I've on to play the $5 machine. I could lose that. Oh, I'd say in like 10 minutes easy. How pissed off for you that the dolphins didn't drive Brady Quinn to mighty Quinn? Do you have that by man for the man? Mighty Quinn. I think I do it. Oh, that would be so sweet to hear that. That would be sweet. Now the sweet is Brady Quinn. They don't come in with sweeter than me. No! Oh, that sounded like a song. What is that? I don't know. It sounded like a song. Here we go. This sounds more like the mighty Quinn to this old Quinn. Oh, yeah. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. That's not easy. He's the best Brady. Mm-hmm. Roll over Brady. 15 had like a dog, 1531 votes. Don't care that the dolphins didn't drive it. Don't just don't care, 560, 36 and 1%. Roll back over now. Not surprise they suck, meaning the dolphin organization. That's the audience saying that. Now, not even us, of course, 446. I'm happy he blows. 176 Brady Quinn blows. I agree with our choice 173. Who wants him anyway from no Notre Dame. Psychotic, I'm written 9. No, 1009 people. Psychotic because it often doesn't drive Brady Quinn and ready to blow my brains out. 67 and we'll help you out. We'll send you a piece. We'll send you the piece pipe and you can smoke it. Georgia, come over. You guys can smoke it together. There you go. Okay, let's take a look at the days full. This is too much like the old time is now. This is the way we used to do it. All of, no. Not that it makes the difference. Not that well, all of it. Let's take a look at that schedule. They see where they think exciting going on. The Humper is already in Louisville. Wow, well, he sure has a tough assignment all the time. And I see he's not on tomorrow. He's not on Thursday. And he's not on Friday. All the way is on a court of the schedule today. And Friday he's on the power hour with the mad dog. Court of the schedule. We believe the schedule is necessarily. Oh, Clare, I still make no mistakes. So we got mad dog at two, a power hour with mad dog and Hank at four, Hank in Louisville for the Derby of five of the staff. He'll be on here. Briefly, 635 is Marlins on that. How the Marlins do last night by the way, Chris? They won 96. I'm right. See, pretend you cared. Do we care? No, especially we don't care because they're leaning duck anyway. They're not going to be on the station next year anyway. So, hub them and dreared. Marlins at the Metz again at 705. And I see if they can repeat the great success they had last night. And by the way, did Ottawa really beat the jersey to nothing like Saturday, I dreamed that. Wow. And came that with any key follows tomorrow again tonight, until about 1 a.m. So lady falls asleep. Okay, here's today's poll. There's Lou Dobbs. You see now, because the war in the middle class and those damn illegal aliens and what we get it about the Mexicans and let's shoot some beners and stuff like that. Poor Lou Dobbs, man. He lost it once upon a time in America. He lost it. He's a crazy person now. I'm not saying disagree with everything he says, but he's a crazy person. Lou Dobbs. Pompassass. Does that come to you when he's seen? Does that come to mind? Pompassass? Okay. 817 votes on a very marginal poll today. This is one of Charlie B's, I guess. And Charlie's got 600 polls in my pond. He's including a really good one for tomorrow. But this one today, I don't know. Do you think this is a good poll? I think it blows. And estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses. You're response question mark? I think this poll blows. If this gave their vehicles on 192, throw the Rasses in jail 171. What's your expect from third world drivers on 15? That's not what some kind of an ethnic shot to me. And what I mean, Charlie sounds ethnic. I could be wrong. Never the last. It's a little bit. It is true. I bet most of them are here in South Florida 123. That's true. Just shoot them 80. Shoot them in the lead. Or wherever you go, if you're bad, ain't that's okay too. I'm one of them 38. We hope your license is permanent. I love it. Try it again. This is permanently 32. And find them in South Florida. The risk 31, which is almost as fun as shoot them in the lead. I like that better. 817, 825. A little Chuck just came in there. Wow. Chris is all whipped up about that because he gets paid by the vote. Now, wouldn't you like that if you got paid by the vote? I love that. A dollar of vote? You may already have 125 banks in the till for today. You can vote of Vegas. Exactly. If you were making those kind of bucks. And then you'd then you'd see this guy get real interested in the daily Italian of the total. That all of a sudden, we really change your tune. You'd be singing a hold. Come on, let's give up to 1500. Folks, you can do it. Come on, old man. You'll be pushing for 3000 votes. I got news for a man. You're pushing your luck right now. Okay. Now you're all right. You know, you know, Josh, that's what that one queen says. The cousin every year wants Josh's body. And for that reason, I'm glad. You don't want to be my little boy. Where did you come up with that stupid? What was that all about? A little bird, a moment kind of like that. It's a sperm of the moment that was so bad. Ooh, my little boy is so, ooh. A little, a little. A little. A little queen sounds way to need. I feel like. I feel like. When you say that, if you said that about the Serbian stadium, I'd say, I've arrived. Josh Cortis. Or you didn't want to put your tongue down. It's throwing the elevator. No, he put his tongue down. My throat in the elevator. Okay. Okay. And I got news for it. If it was the Serbian stadium, it wouldn't stop there. I'll tell you that right now. That elevator would just never have landed. You'd hit the fire button and that looped. It would have kept going up and down, up and down, and the elevator too. But never. 828 votes on the full. We got a thousand. What are we going to, well, we'll, we'll the side later. What's the safe number to shoot for? You notice how I wait till about, oh, I'm no noon. And then you can kind of calculate in your mind. It about, you know, 100 votes an hour. So we have a thousand by noon and then you can go for 1200. See what I'm saying? There's the formula for a crystal-all-inside secret of the trade. Okay. Like taking line 9 is always good to get out of the way first. 2 am. Hello. And this is John calling from NSBA to let the owner know that you're a platinum membership with your $8000. Right. We've been waiting for that. It's been approved. All right. What is? My platinum one with my $8000 or one? Credit card. All right. Just want to need this is another credit card. Not. No card, Leo. Hey, man, how are you doing? Hey, if you've been waiting to run your low-end of course, if it's a baby, you're probably really hungry ready to run now. Let's go on, go home. You're going to watch your hair. Keep your elbows on the paper. Take these and play. You know what I'm going to do? Come see us, cos we're at Choma. The new Sub Service, Mexican Resort. Excuse me. I'd like to conkeast the door special. Hey, man, you can teach whatever you want. Cos I ain't going to get for you. We're at Macho Mama. Oh, no. That's your mother. Seven of the best of anything you want. As long as you're about to make it yourself. I was great. Hey, man, you go. I'm going to go pick that up for you. Watch your business man. No. For tax match, with no respect. It's not Choma. Do you? You're self. We're not Choma. You're self. You're self. You're self. You're self. You're self. You're self. So anyway, probably wondering, how come I'm playing that? That's from the standing at, oh, I guess what? Guess what? Guess what? It's going to be. In fact, maybe they already were there and I missed it. That's the, uh, falls you casino Niagara Falls. I got their brochure, you know, with the entertainers. I better go in the other one when we get it during my spray. Okay. Mary Wilson. Isn't Mary Wilson? It was a Mary well. I think Mary well. Oh, they're sure. Mary Wilson. And anyway, and the, uh, fun brothers. That's what Tom show. I'm not happy to just go and see that, you know? Good. Unless it's already over. Anyway, your close friend Brandon says, and I have no idea what this is all about. Just out of the blue, you know, just try to touch base with us. Touch this Brandon. I was actually listening to an old song. But I'm sure you know, cool jerk by the capital. It's not sure how old it is. But it sure sounds. Sure has held sounds. Oh, catchy song, though, he says, whatever, whatever then. Is it catchy? Is it catchy? It's okay. Are you probably got the capital as an original one? Does this is a, I probably wouldn't stop it. You hear it? I'm going to pardon. Stop. You're a little bit. Okay. Yeah. When I was going to like that, what else? A nice, like, say, you can do this. And a nice talk that could be going for the co-rollers. I'm going to place an extra by the way, 14 on May, so I'm man. Whatever he is, whatever he is, whatever he is. This one of those days. So, we want to see some people. I don't know what kind of one you go. You people used to use that then. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're kind of back in the day. That's a kind of thing. Go that all the people. What do you know about it? That's them. Montana boy. What told you know about it? They got fakes up their dinner boy. Yeah, they got some fakes in Montana. They're everywhere. Everywhere you go. You can't run away. Even a Disney. Even a Disney. Even the clowns and the Mickey Mouse and all those people up there. And I'm not playing no more Eisner. I got that one guy that dark I'm tucking guy in there. It's like that old meal thing. And then of course that guy turned out to be a fake anywhere. What I tell you about him? Uh-huh. Oh, brother. Don't let's go there again. Okay, so anyway, there's just a thing. There's your thing, Brandon. There go cool jerk. That's his that booty counts. It is. Totally. Tootsie. Tootsie. There goes. Tootsie. Or his life for nearly would say. Here comes a. Here comes someone to offer get already. What he used to say. He said a lot of things. Not which made any sense. But he was a good guy in my Queenery. And now he's dead. What are they going to say about me? Well, I'm in the ground. Well, what are all you people on my close personal friends out there? They're going to say about me when I'm dead and buried. Oh, that old meal. He was sure a great queen. Great old guy. What are they going to say? Let's say he's a he's an old fat tag now. He's dead. Yeah, that's what they're going to say. And I'm going to be hurting for a certain man. I'm going to be down there in that box. Oh, geez. That's the best you can say about me. Oh. See, that's one thing when you don't know. Nobody can hurt your feelings. That's right. Not too many good things. I can say about death. But that's one of them. Nobody can hurt your feelings. No bill collectors are going to come calling you. Not going on the door. No phone solicitors are going to ring your phone at 11 o'clock at night. Bug in a hell out of you. None of these things. Here are some great news. As a matter of fact, that I'd rather read this news while I'm still alive. I like it. US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's popularity has grown among likely voters according to what polverly says today, which suggested he was gaining a rival front run in Hillary Clinton, who is she's no longer the front runer by the way, corner this. The poll by the Rasmussen Institute predicted that Obama would get 32% of the vote in February is primary compared to 30. But 30 minutes. Willery, who until now has been the consistent favorite in the Democratic party. The first time a candidate other than Swillery came out on top, had never less voted out that Obama's percentage game was statistically insignificant. Well, excuse me. And this, the results were called through a Rasmussen reports national telephones, or it was conducted April 23 to 26 with most answers given advance to the first Democratic debate, which was held Thursday to the 26th. Another full-night's week would gauge the candidates performance in that debate, which I didn't watch and I don't care about and I don't want to hear about politics. I don't want to see no Chris Matthews. I don't want to see no Tucker Carlson with his mother Tucker pies, and his stupid answer of both high-heaves to wear. I don't want to see no of that. All of these silly ass talking heads. It's like those Sunday morning shows. Those proper gander shows. That's all they are. Why does anybody waste their time watching? I sure don't do. No. However, the survey has shown here's a good news. A steady decline in Hillary's support base. Oh, right. Yeah. The St. Pullen Marcho, the New York Senator and wife of Bill Clinton, had a tough point lead over her. I'm going to ask you two points down. She's going down. It's only May 1st, I'll primarily day myel. Thank you for granting me on the ISD. I'm embarrassed. Thor about it. I don't. But anyway, on the 1st of May, and we're not that far away from mell secret in myel. It's coming off Saturday, right? The 50th. Oh boy. Wow. What are we going to do for you? I'll sink with a mile. You know what? I'll go to talk about it. For the first time in a long time, I went to Taco Bell. I must have known my gastronomic juices must have been flowing in that direction of Mexico. I must have known that it was going to be a secret of myel. Actually, it was pretty good. You know what I had? I'm not going to tell you too much. Yeah. Brido no beans. Great. Oh, I'm getting it. Great. Differentes are also emerging in the demographics of the two candidates of board phases. Oh, Bama 45, the mixed race Illinois Senator. No, well, what a mixed race. Well, that's that's so bad. Why do they have to put that in there? Who was born away? Why do American mother and a Kenyan father? Kenya believe it? Leads him on voters under 40. Anybody ever the age of 100 is all for Barack Obama? And you want to know why? Because he's got it. I don't know what it is, but he's got it. Clinton 59 is the strongest in the 65 and older bracket. We can only hope that most of those people are dead by election day. Clinton's got a 2.8 among Democrats. Obama's got a 19.0 lead among independents. Electrated both in the Democratic primary, which is eight months away. Clinton pile up 26 million bucks in campaign contributions, according to campaign finance Discogers released earlier this month of Obama came in a close second with 25 minute. He's right on our ass when it comes to the big bucks. nearest contented Obama and Clinton was former Senator John Edwards with 17% elective both the primary, which determines the Democratic candidate. None of the other rate Democratic contenders guarded more than three percent. I mean, when you can't even get three percent, you're like, what's his name from Connecticut? Chris Dodd and Joe Biden who's Biden this time and Bill Richardson and Bobby Richardson. Who else is running? About 600 people. Everybody in their brother wants to be president. They're not any solutions or ideas, but they all want to be president. Barack Obama is the man. Remember, I totally that first initial about 100 years ago. Did I say to that? Was that the first out of the budget? And I said, he demand and you'll say, are you doubting Thomas's out there? Are you swively supporters? Man, I can't stand that bitch. She's coated in an icicle. She's coated in the inside of your freezer, turn all the way down to 80 below zero. And of course, CEO, you know, got all this man be pan-bier, pan-biering to the right, and of course, her war, he's still, he still thinks that the war maybe wasn't such a bad idea. Just bush done it wrong, but maybe it wasn't such a bad idea after all. And you know, invading an occupying another country and opening up all this terrorism and all this death and mayhem, and the 30, what is it? It's getting like close to 3300, I think American death. So, with there, plus hundreds of thousands, maybe a million dead or Rackies, that's the price of freedom. Yeah, that's expensive. Democracy's expensive, right? Yes, it is. So we tell them. Freedom isn't free. It's hard work. 876 votes. It's like that salad dressing. I told him that story in public. He had a long time ago. It's a true story. I'm standing behind behind some old bag, at least 110 years old, and she's got her three or four items there in her cart, and she takes the bottle of craft, free salad dressing, and she puts it on the counter, and the girl scans it, and she says, hey, then I thought it's his free and the bottle. So, name of the product, you stupid old bitch, craft free? My name is Think, and what do you think? I press pants for nothing? God, that's older than all of us put together. What? It is. It's funny to like that, though. Yeah, it did. Craft free dressing. It says free on the bottle. I got something for you for free, honey. Yeah, my foot, right? Where your bag sits on the floor. Why don't want to give my shoes back? 876 on a full, no sweat Chris, you're in today. You got the old thousand dollars coming in. Cool. I think that's a really good idea. And if the idea of quit, let's pay credit. I agree. A penny for every vote. So if we get 3,000 votes, that's... Fuck, third man. 30 bucks, right? All right. What are those like? Time for vote. Time for vote. Okay, so we got a thousand. It would be a hundred bucks. That's not a bad idea. It would be an extra 500 bucks a week for it. Exactly. What's that? Six times of salary? Ten times? Probably ten times, yeah. Oh, good. Hey, 10, 10, 10, 10. All right, now everybody gather around. A gun demand here. What gun does that show you what? Sit in, robin. In it and you want us long as it's not fun or you come for a right man because I'm the gun demand. Cool. Cool. You're a son of a boy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. So you can lend me your hand. My knife is pulled off from i also put my hand. Bring it on. Big hand next definitely. Go on, see that. It's not true. My price is 나왔. Now get my money right. You ll forgotten my money man. You're already owned his wrong paths. You're a little too old one. That Rouxel is win youления. In it and you opposed me to that. In that already fucking brother who sin all your living in aahr void of my my entire life. They are no big deal. One piece of money. Defeat. Who can make his own clothes not afraid to cross the scene? The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound And the Muslims with love and ecstasy of love and pride The Gandhi Bound Constance Death here at present Massals into Sikhs and isherns Or the other religious quarters, weasions Quasavetti, you can't guess, you can't No, don't think of me, take a big deal We can't really take a big deal Take a punch We can't fight You can't fight without the dinner or the breakfast or the lunch The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound The Gandhi Bound And the organization ofhhh Have the free increases You're the bad guy that you went by day All right, square I will start in might assume three days Yeah, I'm gonna do something dangerous man. I'm gonna sit. I'm not gonna eat then when I'm gonna be a metidevia for me You know, just take a lot of 80 day fast Remember or take a kind of slow At any rate so what was I just gonna tell you something very important and just took my mind was more important to all time Old timers. I got my old timers disease going on I'm gonna give the schedule for a day. Let's read the schedule for the rest of the week There will be about 145. Oh, we got Kelly it's an offensive word bank on Thursday A lot of be sure miss that. Okay. Let's take a look at this pool today, and I don't like it 894 though. That's eight what is it? 94 cent for a Chris 890% Sounds good about you would take it wouldn't you we have any will to be on about a half an hour you take a dollars a half an hour It's 16 bucks an hour, but you're not making over 16 bucks an hour. Are you yet definitely not well, there you go Chris just got a raise now. Who's gonna pay this to 89 cent you know And estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses your response question mark I think just pulled below is in fact I'm embarrassed I put it on there But it goes to show you that loyal audience we got out there man no matter what kind of crappy put on there They go and vote on it because they feel the spirit of Christ compels them I guess when you think I bet 894 confiscate their vehicles damn it 210 Throw their asses in jail 182 what the what's expect? I thought it said what the f what's expect from the third world drivers 161 the banana boat crowd third world people are came from countries that have been invented yet People are came from like not even banana were public what are those other a plantain republic Is that like a step below a banana republic a plantain republic? I was sick I bet most of them here are here in South Florida 137 but you're right about that you can't complain about the driving because they're eight none Very little maybe like 5% is really driving in the rest is caca The rest of what passes for driving in South Florida is pure unadulterated That's it you got it you're catching on just shoot a 91 I'm one of them third nine. Well guess what we're gonna find your answer and around you up Find them in slap them on the wrist 37 ads it this little slap on the wrist and we hope your license is permanently 30 7 9 84 but we're gonna be a thousand pretty quick According to my calculations. We're like what more would say his best what was he saying in that one bit? I'm not gonna say it What was it? I don't know that's why I'm not gonna say it oh Doug Thompson writes in capital Hill blue bitten-bilking bush. I got a lot of material here today man I got a lot of stuff I got a lot of the lives to save a lot of fish to fry a lot of bacon eat or I already did that Now do you get your bacon from how it go it two orders? Thank you, how he's let me ask you this stuff was in this morning I almost forgot I guess I did forget I was supposed to bitch her out about the turn-hunt tomorrow's turn-hunt Wednesday Right, and I think you guys are gonna get screwed into that too QA and hello This the ride's his top of the morning here. Yes, 20 plus years. You're better than better All right That's how listening to the candy man another great bit uncle me. I need a favor Yeah, Mr. Rogers. Yes, I'm having a pleasure second time to go to Europe. I'm gonna be in Germany for about five weeks A lot of accounting and food. I know you're ready for both both Berlin and In Cologne and could you give me two off the top of your head sir? gonna give me two one Restaurant Satanian touch of ears Oh man try to reasin if I know try to reasin Germany. Okay. He did write the news to you You want try to reasin with Italian man not try to really two years ago had a ball in Italy But my son's now in Germany and With your in the mood for Italian food and Berlin a Cologne wedding You know Berlin there's a the what the hell's the big shopping center in Berlin the Europa Center in the Europa Center There's a pretty good ten-year restaurant down on the lowest floor. You take the escalator down is pretty good Ten, it's a I mean you're not gonna find sensational Italian food in Germany I know we like to work and I find some good brought worst in a role mom on I think it's good have a great time enjoyed a broadsman Neil you're the best and you already said that thank you quit kissing my ass got all right I got I got asked I got asked burn from that call I got asked rash from that call How many times did you see you're the best I mean brother? I mean at least 500 I think you know I know first of all I know I'm the best there's nobody even close There's nobody in the same league with a show with this old queen. I know that is already doubt about that Everybody knows that And of course in South Florida because they taking for granted. They take everything for granted because there's no passion So we'll see on Friday whether we made a nice comeback if there are people You know, why are you to hold on to Diaries or you know, or how are oh that's what we needed Yeah, we needed people listen seven eight nine hours a day to the show So we're on for four, but we needed eight or nine But we'll survive somehow will scrape through and of course Chris has got that big increase now Let's see we got over 900 boats on there Chris at nine dollars and six cents for you right now But you've our click that view court. It's gonna be nine like I said nine oh six What are some great trial to re-es in the checkers LeBocke and the checker public That guy I mean he'll he met well. He wanted a kissy kissy kissy kissy, but Enough already with Jesus That is so ponderous Hey Larry here the best Larry. Oh, oh, yeah, thank you. Thank you. Hey Larry. You're really the best Larry. Oh, thank you. Thank you. What's the question? Thank you? That whole deal man. I guess I don't have time for Doug Thompson right now have to do it right That's not that long will wait Yeah, you know what you will wait because I guess you got no choice only in the banana republic baby only in Miami You call me a liar You're lying. I'm saying I'm a liar and I'm a loser My You Not fuck this man's not coffee and do not engage man conversation No Congress has voted to start bringing our true tool But the president says he'll be told the bill He was wrong then and he's wrong now It's the will of one nation versus the stubbornness of one man Delos your wish soon the bill breaking our troops home. I'll ride pay for by Americans United for change good spot Is there on CNN millions of people lost it at least a hundred? Is that greater what? All right? Oh, and at least it's something you know people are starting to Americans are pretty slow You know because they got American idol to worry about and all that give me the ball give me the ball give me that stuff. You know The important stuff Can worry about all these dead bodies and all you know all the Southern crap going on right? It's a bummery pressing it's depressing stuff man. It's depressing my name is thinking what do you think I press pants for the AD press pants for nothing? 924 votes on the pool. What we're getting close to a thousand study to love our clock yet? I think we're making a comeback. What do you think? Especially another the fact that it's after Easter and Pesas wow Wow, wow, wow, when half of South Florida bail out How can it be the year 2007 and I can remember saying this about a hundred years ago on here screaming about it How can what is supposedly a major market still be a horse and buggy seasonal town Well, I can a real city like in Boston or Chicago when New York to make you're in LA that they talk about the season When people are gonna do business and make some money and you know business people of course They don't there is also things that in Toronto they talk about the season course not Season my ass They're all so good right? Yeah, okay. I'm gonna yeah, you said be bad. Isn't it also MSG? I don't know accent is now. I actually MSG. That's right. I'm saying man for you No, please don't be shriker a lot of action on your like it makes my teeth take the like it. Oh, yeah So my teammates homemade that's the pound of headache pints and needles on your face needles and pins the searchers and then of course there's always Gucci Collins I don't want to play that. I mean, yeah, what all the respect bootsy Collins is good. Let's get us on me Needless and finish the searchers. I love that 1967 free. I want to say from Am I right? 64 like I wanted to say 64, but I said 63 just is that I want to show off This could be oh this is your version just dies Oh But God people Let's not get music intensive again here today. I don't know that was Brandon's there that shame on you Brandon I have no idea what they last email was you wrote was in coherent he wrote me Words on a page you know Make any sense making or make his part. I'm sure they didn't make any him. Maybe he's doing the magic mushrooms already this morning Doug Thompson says big and duking bush He says the late senator Edward Durfs and a little I put it best a billion here a billion there Durks and said pretty soon we're talking about real money In the build up to his questionable invasion of a rack president potion is corrupt administration told many many lies Iraqi said at weapons and managed destruction they didn't they may in terms of sex for it's sold the president He still in shaky run by claiming they did Iraqi said can start without kind of applying the terror tax of 911 he said he had proof he did not Yet the biggest lie of all is just now surfacing The war against the right bush said with cost about fifty billion dollars give or take a billion and two not even close A new report shows the cost of bushness field a rack roll will soon top five hundred billion dollars Now that is old everson would say is real money half a trillion A clatchy newspapers put together a list of what five hundred billion dollars would buy if we weren't blowing it on the war in the right for example A college education tuition fees room and board of the public university for about half the nation 17 million high school age teenagers Pre-school for every three and four year old in the country with the next eight years The year stay in an assistive willing facility for about half of the 35 min Americans age 65 or older Real assistant remember I'm gonna be 65. I'm gonna be a official old fart What in your sense you're seeing this citizen the only a old five oh 65 now you're gonna be one of those people that you are no I will never become one of those people Anyway, Doug Thompson says when you applied the cost of the rack order the west population a 300 one point seven million to get a cost of 1657 bucks for every man woman in child in this country Pentagon serves to say military plan is worn bush that is estimated 50 billion for the worn Iraq was way too low But he ignored their warnings just like he ignored the advice of others who said they couldn't prove the existence of weapons of Accessors or any connection between Santa Moussen and Osama Yamama bin Laden As former CIA director George tenon outlines in his new book Bush made up his mind to evade Iraq in before he took orifice on January 20 2001 he just needed an excuse and the attacks of nine eleven game that excuse Then the invented justification to sell the word away shell shot Congress a global media and a trusting American public The legacy of George's W Bush will be a failed presidency a bankrupt American a lost war based on lies Right start Thompson, but nice known you Doug they're gonna come and drag your answer to their any minute I'll let's go. This is a guy who's spitted right out there who dares daresy to deal with the truth daresy to handle the truth Or you know that guy my favorite car yesterday of all the idiots and we have so many was the radical Did you get an email from a VJ yet today? That Indian friend yeah, I got news for him. Okay. I'm gonna Google over anybody I want to on here Including my friend the Serbia and he also mentioned him Serbian standing he must have heard that The other day because I got the two things from him today two things One was his and I think one was his wife 900 I didn't know if he had one now 938 votes and did you you forgot already you just so wishy watch about what about his He's 18 I think I know yeah, yeah, you're right. I forgot meeting I didn't even know about The first two okay, they made a really cute couple Oh, I speak it out of L. Premier or day my old today Cuba's revolution in Plaza was packed today with hundreds of thousands of tree workers celebrating Mayday But Fidel was nowhere to be seen and of course you were so I was saying he's back in charge He's been doing great the Adi Adi Adi Adi and a partridge in a pair of drae and he also said Does anybody believe me now? The annual colony still leader was not watching from a zoo's book purchase top of you in platform and hasn't been seen in public since that emergency intestinal surgery forced him to step down temporarily nine months ago as they say a little Havana his kishki's are bleeding Do I mention on the ear about your Jeff Irmer? I don't think so. I spoke to him yesterday his wife called and they put it on the phone He had quadruple bypass surgery last Friday's okay He had quadruple bypass he was having shortness of breath and like a little list of the L. E. went to the doctor and they said oh you got to have two he did the stress test you know And you got two arteries blocked and when they opened them up they found all four arteries were blocked and they went Oh, a clogged And so we had quadruple bypass but he's okay and he came on the phone and papa papa I said boy, nothing can shut you up can it Yeah I said I must have been all that artery clogging food you wait all those big stakes and juicy meals that I've been you've had a great expense I mean But hey when he's okay I mean I know that you don't like him very much, but yeah, but what you certainly don't wish him any ill physically I mean, no, I just don't care one way or another. Oh, I'm so I'm sure there are people out there who care maybe like Denise Pac-Man is here in there I'm sure Denise is wise very nice though. If her oldest great she's not just very nice He's a sweetheart. I love her. Like crazy. In fact, if I only had a deal with her the whole family would have gotten along a lot better Now that's bad to say when he's recovering from quadruple bypass Castro's attended the annual international workers they march for decades Cuban officials had refused to speculate on whether he would use this year's event to make his first public appearances other going surgery and temporarily Seating his duties to a 75-year-old brother not a conge Wow One of Castro's main allies vinauth women president Hugo Chavez said Sunday that the Cuban leader is once again in charge But he declined to comment on statements by Bolivia's left his leader the Castro could appear in public may one meaning today He and the parent in public There was no word on Cuban state television is not really newscast Castro wish of the latest news series It came in the case calling for a revolution in energy production But gave no hit of whether he'd make a may they appearance they brought in rich and right he's screaming Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, he's doing that that routine against old and tired, but it's fine Mayday If we had rated his opposition to West Plains to use food crops to produce ethanol for cars predicting that American fuel needs to be flooded with labor of the world in poverty sugar cane workers Tomorrow the first of may is a good day to carry these reflections to the workers and all the poor people of the world Castro and the communicated Monday the last night A wooden platform on the broad plasma the revolution was decorated for the Mayday event with huge banners bearing portraits of the islands Come on East they heroes, but the urgent need by many to see the man who ruled this company for seven forty seven years Seems to have faded and recent months his life has continued normally at least for them under leadership of Castro's younger Browl Brother Wow gay the defense minister Occasional government photos and videos of the elder Castro have assured humans he's still alive and recovering a pair and stronger and more robust in the most recent images There'll be similar marches in a smaller marches and cities around the island with a government expecting several million donations How many million does that say I can't read it? It's flooded out million to participate in those how many million in Cuba? I can't read the number like turn last time I checked Oh That was given well also protest the recent decision to free on bond any communist leader Militant Luis Posa de Carías for depending his trial on US immigration charges of an accusative human board postada Work history to 1976 Airliner bombing the killed 73 people of charge eaten eyes the least postada. I wonder if he's related to he's about the de Casada He's about the Casada channel of whatever news. Oh All these people tall these Julio people talking Spanish baby talk on south photo TV and other reason have to be there He's a velvet castada Yeah, wow Castro's met every so much with clumbian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez and top 20's communist party leader and his pen four editor I was including the one shoot last night. He's right in the store on that field man. He's strong He's wrong and Hubmond rare that's what they're saying in sweet water hub a hubmond rare They really even know what it means, but I think they got a good point To a helmet female That means 949 and a pool we're gonna go over a thousand next hour Chris and then and they'll theory then you got ten bucks ten bucks in your pocket not too bad We say that all for that next big trip to Vegas That's 10 bucks. I would say the way things are right now. Get you out. Maybe up to Oh, I know middle of the state In fact, maybe go to the Amica suki is that out in the middle of the where-where is the Mica suki? Up there on the res. Well, isn't it out there on Alguerita rally? Well, there you go 10 bucks gas and leave you a couple bucks left over and put in a machine Mine Maybe you'll hit the maybe you'll hit that hot machine maybe you'll win like a million bucks with that machine What do you think Chris? Yeah, I got now this is the new launcher show Music All the dialogue contains profanity Where in like a cellar all the three days past Words are whole lot worse than us Rectems F-bomb, F-bomb How will it be? Before we drop the F-bomb on that word TV F-bomb, F-bomb There's a telling way Now drop one of the U-T-L Ah crap, I guess embad news for me Was that? The magic of Motown I just remember I said I better run on the other room during the break That brochure from Fallsview, Casino and Agra Falls, Ontario And here it is, it's in my hand right now in the brochure too The party part is going to be there May 10 That's a week from a Thursday Anybody want to see her? What was big old saggy boobies now? Michael Bolton, May 24th, oh god Roger Hodgson, formerly of SuperTram I love SuperTram, by the way What about the fact? What's the SuperTram song I have in here? Is it Hello Stranger? No, I don't have that Hello Stranger's not what's in there? Good by Stranger Hello Stranger was Barboulouis And the knee came back with the Viceranger just to be Vastries Oh, I got all those good by songs in there Good by Marlins, good by Patty, I feel like I've got to go all the way home Is that the one that you have from the Magnolia? No I don't think I have any of them in here Well that's not possible Oh, who the hell really cares? You know, the audience is here Here we go, I love SuperTram Me too I'm so excited to hear the name yesterday Groups about the whole time John Stewart's gonna be their Friday June 1st and Saturday June 2nd Maybe he'll be funny there because he sure is not my TV Maybe he's funny a lot of people's TVs, you know? He's just not funny on my TV He'll be losing the news when they June 6th Grandfalt Railroad Friday June 8th They're gonna be doing low commotion and little Eve is gonna be warm over her grave I think she's still alive You reach her a Franklin, Peter Frantan, hard There's some good people in, do we brothers? Donna Summer Shea Leno Bobby Vintan's gonna be there Oh boy Oh boy Oh, you pay She will blue velvet Anyway, kill that Take the long way home The Magnolia Motown's stirring very well Some of the supreme's in the Funk Brothers And I said, I hit my information right But the dates Oh, Pax on them June 14th and 15th That's when I start my next vacation I can't be canceling my vacation To go see the Funk Brothers as much I would love to see that Maybe you'll go there If I get some free tickets Yeah Free tickets for one Is it free already? Oh, I can get it free for the tickets But how you gonna get there You're gonna, you're gonna spring to fly to a Toronto or Buffalo And then take a limo to Niagara Falls And then pay for the room I have to get free tickets I can get you that ticket You can't get your room in the meals Oh, Pax But I won't, because you can't afford to go there So that's a problem Well, once you've got there, you'd be okay I can get you camp of all kinds of good stuff But then getting there and getting back home Although, why would you want to get back home You could just, you could just stick a foot on the falls There and say, hey, goodbye cruel world But bye cruel world Take the long way, Darren To James Darren do that, goodbye cruel world I think he did And I bet you got that He's here Or could he sing or watch James Darren Now I got the pink Floyd version, not the James Well, that's okay Spirit of Broadway Andre Phaw, I fill up Philly Pganyone Some frog, who the hell is he? He's an impressionist None sense is gonna be there None sense, little sisters of Hoboken Songwriters night And they're there, they're whole bunch of good stuff Anyway, so June, if you want to go see it in Niagara Falls It falls you magic of photons June 14th at 15th, live at the falls we're casino resort Resort You can't read the word Because you know how much I love that whole thing I know you want to sing If then hopped, I was gonna be there And Jonas born, I would push my trip back Or we could send it Do you believe me? I know No It sounds good though, doesn't it? Because I love, I just love the funk brothers And I have whole standing in the shadows of my time Just change my life Thanks, Suds Marvin Gaye, the Supreme's attempt And the Miracles, the Four Tops And so many more known as legendary moton artists Yet They are not the musicians who created the moton Sound we know and love today In 1959, very great began together A group of musicians from the thriving blues and jazz scene And Detroit, Michigan, for his new record company Moton Moton Moton Not that low This group was made up of the best musicians in the industry They called themselves the funk brothers That's with an N The funk brothers performed on every moton Recording during the musical era And they're still best kept secret in the history of pop music They played on more number one records Listen to this They played on more number one records And the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Rolling Stones And Elvis combined All of these things More number one records than the Beatles The Beach Boys are always doing an Elvis combined Experience the rare opportunity We live the Magic of Moton as the original dream girl Murray Wilson, the Supreme's joins the group of unsung heroes Live on stage Can't help myself They perform your favorite moton hits such as Baby Love Stop the name of love Come see about me You can't really love And sugar five honey bun But the Four Tops Now that's not on here is it Not on the visit The love Same old song That's what it is Let's throw like it It's Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy We have the party That was the Danny and Jimmy up by the way And then of course it's like Well we chopped a little bit there We chopped and breaded Throwed eyes for him baby She and the lasi eyes for him She and he didn't have a Johnny Asman for him She didn't miss So what are we going to do about Red Shots retirement I may 14 is that today and I'll look at the call I'll smoke a bowl for him How's that? Okay good Look on the counter and see what they are the lets see They're the next Tuesdays the fourth to 8th Monday the 14th So I guess a Friday preceding that will be Ricky Tiki's last day on the year He doesn't work Saturday as you guys spend on this eight night of your year's old I'm going to call him and give him the hotline just in case Why you got his number Yeah Well that would be great God I'd love to say for you Well the Ricky Tiki's Shaw in the year In fact just one last time I think it would be a real treat to have him come online and say It's a lie I am not I think that would be great Call him right now You are? Yeah Well we don't want to do it today But not on the air I'm just telling him Here's the number of call in when you got something to say Or if you don't No I don't do it today I don't want to talk to him I mean I don't want to talk to him today But I don't want to do that It's a two weeks away for Christ You know you're just your timing So that's your whole thing in life And you have to notice that Yeah well what about my problem sure Yeah timing is everything man Being in the right place at the right time And in your case 981 votes on our very marginal poll that I am I'm embarrassed by it I'll be the first one to admit I think this poll sucks And why did you put it on there Charlie B sent you six thou I got a pile of polls here to the ceiling Here's one for example What annoying noise could make you drive Could most drive me to murder the son of a bitch who makes it Should I read the list? Okay Leaf, lower dog barking train horns On trains were vehicles Law and more car horn Ringtone, really cause these boys Sarah and her burglar alarm She's still on the air They finally dragged her ass off of their car I don't watch that I don't watch that I don't watch that MSNBC Need this anybody else First of all the keyfills off my list After you get help of a guitar inspired I don't think she's on the sign I just go before she left for California over the weekend Oh there is Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi Boy talk about the weekend limp Wow, wow, how sad 981 votes and estimated 900,000 for Whitton's drive Our roads with suspended licenses Your response to suspended a sentence Suspended a license That's a great scene Suspended a sentence She kept her honor That's what I've seen as a great scene Let's see if Godfather and TensorFlow again That's the poll question Should we give Godfather and TensorFlow or Should we give Motown and TensorFlow? That's the question Or how about the Godfather sings Motown Don, come on the old days I'm going to be looking for the broken heart I'm going to be looking for the broken heart I'm going to be looking for the broken heart Anyway, confiscate their vehicles These slime balls 238 Throw their asses in jail 196 What you expect from third world drivers One E2 in the banana republic And then I think wrong with that choice One E2 in a lot of votes and rightfully so I bet most of our here in South Florida One 48 Just shoot him 104 Shoot him Don't shoot him like in a head or anything like that Because we don't want to advocate Shoot him in the lake Right I'm one of them 41 Well, I guess what we hate you like for isn't And what you would die And you keep driving like that you probably will And so a lot of other innocent people Who are paying the ass bystanders Find him in slap monitor As for remember, Clements is tonic ball The pain of the ass bystanders in the restaurant About throwing drop in the gun After he shoots a McCluskey in selects So Don't want no paying the ass bystanders Getting whatever he says Peak Clements a man he was so great And what was the line that you keep for Were arguing with me about where he says And what was that line? I'm thinking Oh look at Brotsie's sleep to the fishes Was that the line? I don't think he's arguing about it And the rest of the life I mean how can you not know? I mean I don't want to like start attacking you like Brutely and viciously all the way Well, I don't have a rest of the life So obviously commensum and you're just, you know, pretender Find him in slap monitor 40 and revoke their license permanently 38 Take their license is a way And turn him into mince me Turn him into halvot Turn him into like borscht And wazia the train horse radish See you know you're horse radish Cause you don't know you're a filth of his That's the problem Well maybe I'll work on that Yeah work on your filth of his Hey, Spaker has got a new CD entitled Larry King sings Bob Murray Where jamman? I want to jam it with you Tell us a little comba Hello you'll take this legendary newsman Interpretations of an even more legendary songwriter Chick-a-foon Chick-a-foon He shot the sheriff That's why he'll be my guest Right after these words from Gilek It's kind of me Larry King sings Bob Murray Only as Larry King can One love One heart Let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations And I've got a lot of things to do I've got a lot of things to do I've got a lot of things to do I've had 15 bypass operations Get Larry King sings Bob Murray today So what are your copies in three million dollars Think of it as a cost of his child's A forperience to Larry King ride There a CNN No one man no cry The other money checks him a snail Honey stop your gripper No one man no cry Stay guys Slow down a bit Okay, 117 we got a thousand six Vowage signer Chris that's ten dollars in six cents Theoretically for you Okay, maybe Josh Cortis ought to pay that since he didn't seem And any big hurry to cash that check Oh, he's getting cashed it yesterday Yeah, likely story I didn't doesn't show up on my thing on my bank on on the online What time did he cash yesterday when a moon comes over to Monday Break in like about nine o'clock last night when the bank was closed and say hey give me the money honey I'll be sure to ask him when I see him next No, you don't have to ask Itless an ugly hangs on to what the more I got that's more for me tomorrow You know, I'm gonna need all I can get a wood vine because I'm going early. I'll be there by before one o'clock Before the little hand hits the big hand because we're out here at 12 30 tomorrow I just mentioned it in passing for your baseball fans. Oh, yeah Marlins at the Met's Marlins pregame show 12 30 tomorrow I checked that New York weather. It's gonna be sunny and in the low 60s It's gonna be beauty is most right a rain and no problem And guess what's on after the Marlins mess game tomorrow Wow Well, that's because the happer's there got all that Louisville stuff. You know he's got to do the ESPN stuff We come way down the line and no one comes to some of the big celebrities on our station. We come way down the line And a nickels and the lines these guys are making for us when they got the TV the TV stuff is the big stuff Then the FM and then us WDQA and hello Hi Neil. How are you doing there? Okay, sir. All right The last pulse of your shot is fired me to ask you like in Toronto You guys have these people running around with the base blasting making your eyeballs all jiggle around Or that's just my ass. Yes, we do absolutely. Yes, so we did that's for the poll when you set it up Okay I'll let you love your show and George too when you're not around Oh, he does he never stole free train. I swear you guys are great. Bye. Thanks, fella Okay, now there's not like a good guy, you know, he's not a real person for crying all of that That's scary market down 1119 on Tuesday. El Primero de Mayo El Uno de Mayo. We Saturday. El Cinco de Mayo. Don't we have a bit of this station? Yes, we do. It's not the one about the Mexicans. Or the Mexicans in Mexican Independence Day. What else would it be about? Oh, but I played that a million times. Me, you think I would invite you of Mexico National holiday. Yeah, that's enough of it. That's way too much. We don't want to play the thing about the Lousing Mexicans. That sounds like some kind of a, I don't know. Something that was something that was something like a racial. There's something that the Ludobs would say, you know, 1010 on the a pole 1010 wins New York or 1010 CFR B Toronto way. He said like a little bell they would ring. Was it on the 1010 wins New Yorker? Yeah, not like that. 1010 wins New York. 10. Oh boy. Back in the day when Murray the K was on your Murray Kaufman. So I want to take back what I said about Joyce Kaufman. Because I said that I don't know anybody else with that last name who pronounced it that way. George S. Kaufman pronounced it that way. Who used to be on panel shows a thousand years ago back with what's your name that just died? Kitty Carlisle. Okay. And Dorothy Kail Yellen. I'll have chicken eggs buddies and Bennett Thurf. And who is the other one? That pronounced it that way. Beats me. Well, well, who's the other Kaufman? Kaufman. Not Andy Kaufman. It'll come to me. WDQAM. Hello. Why can't tell it somewhere? Yeah, me too. WDQAM. Hello. Is that the whisperer by the way that one? No. I'm pretty sure. Oh, that's a different one. Whisperer vanished. I think somebody got his hand. He hit him with five shots and he ain't still alive. Yeah, they got to the whisperer. They find it. So all new young gang players out there are sooner or later, man. Sooner or later, they're going to trace the call. They're going to get to your ass and it says, like, he just vanished. You go off to one of those camps to summer camp. And I'm not talking about double-snatter summer camp. Oh, a dickfinder. You're a great cop. Don't ever call him again, please. Talk about a showstopper. He's a great guy and a good friend in the Adi Adi Adi Adi and means well, but oh, that call yesterday. Talk about a showstopper. Talk about stopping your mold. Oh, no, no, no, no. And what am I going to do? I'm not going to hang up on him because he's a good guy and a great friend and he met well in the Adi Adi and he's got the bat line and he knows how to use it. Give him your home number. Then he won't have to call me. He's got my home number. And if he doesn't have it, he can have it anytime he wants it because that's, we could have that conversation off the year and we could probably have like four times the audience left after he finally, I mean, we went from exuberance and the phone smoking and just ring off hook to like, oh my god, the like a death nell. I hope he's not listening right now because he'll feel better about that. I know he didn't intend that, you know. Right. I mean, you want to start talking about upstate New York and harness racing. Oh, oh, geez. WQAM. Hello. 560. 560. Come on. Let's get this phone cracker today. Man, we're really kicking at ancient style today. Can't you feel it? Hmm, I can smell it. We got 1015 on the pull of 1,000, 15 vote on a really crappy pull. I think we're making a little bit of a comeback and spread it at Leadian. I mean, so what are they going off? I'm sorry. I shouldn't put you on the spotlight. What? I was just thinking out loud. I'll loud, you know. About that morning, show on how long it's coming. Yeah. Of course Friday the numbers come out to book won't that be something, huh? It'll be something one way or another. It'll be something. I can't say it the word on the ear. The answer to the answer could be the answer to the two-pen. This or sensational or some other word that begins with an answer. WQAM. Hello. So, God. Yes. This is why you brought. I'm calling from the Philippines. This thing on the Internet. It's awesome. It is, huh? You're in the Philippines? I am in the Philippines. I'll be damned. Yeah. I've been here for five weeks. I'll be here for three more than one back to Hawaii. I've got out of South Florida about three years ago. I'm going to the South Florida home until Hawaii now. Jesus, what a lucky stiff you are, man. People are like, no, well, it's only one of the poles you've did that partly inspired me. It's a world. What you live if you could go anywhere in the world and Hawaii won by a world. I learned how to do steel all the time. You can learn the world and Hawaii won by a world. Why learn how to do steel all the money to be able to afford to live in Hawaii. Isn't it prohibitive expensive to live there? I told your car that. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Help me out. Yeah. I did all right on my house in Florida. Yeah. And so, yeah, we're kind of taking it easy there in Hawaii. And I think in about a year or so, we're going to be living here in the Philippines. Oh, I was on through that for a minute. Well, good luck to you, Palio. Can't call us again when you get the oxygen in. And it's so much was gasping, clasping and oil, the tables and the Philippines. Oh. 121 votes on the pole man. Life is sweet. Things are really moving along. And I think next Thursday, I mean, I want to maybe double check that schedule. Next Thursday, we get down here at 1130. Really? I don't think we ever done that? I don't know. I want to have show. I mean, I mean, we really worth, is it really worth my wild coming in for that? You bet coming in for that coming all the way home. Very home. Very home. My hat's right. Not my bathroom. Yeah. I don't know how to make it. All the way to this little side of your coffin. That's right. Oh. WCOM. WCOM. Hello. Hey. Can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil. Yes. Well, thanks up on me. Well, I said, I know that he hangs up on me. He showed you. He showed me a thing or two. The first one was his acto. Yeah. And then his brain, which was just like the same thing. Same place, same thing. 1027 on the pool. Don't forget we got the mad dog. So what was the maybe Chris heard some of the scuddle butt about the draft? Well, we like sucking up and making excuses. I did hear the early, now, managed made a really good point yesterday. And that is from the marketing standpoint. And I'm going to ask him to encourage us, which is two of them, by the way, a little bit too close from I get uncomfortable. Yeah. Even being the old fact that I am, it sounds a little bit too insistuous, those two. But he was asking and capped and Curtis about the marketing thing. And don't they ever take that in consideration when they make their draft picks? And the 10,000 Brady quintetures would have been sold already. And people would have been not going to dorsed down to buy all that paraphernal in. It would have been a marketing cool had they signed Brady Quinn. Don't they take that in consideration? They both agreed and know they don't, which is probably not a really smart idea. But then again, we trust them because they know not what they do. Radiance dumb as dirt. Oh no, this guy got cut to this. Huh? We're going to die, but not cut to this. We're going to die, but not to this. We're going to die, but not to this. We're going to die, but not to this. But that's the reason for the G-O-P. Who's the foreign fool? Who has the CEO such cheap? Photo-man's screen, and check the middle pick. He's taken up all one fire, till he comes out from the heat. Why not a dive of the Judas? That's the truth. Why not a dive of the Judas? Here. Why not a dive of the Judas? You fair. Why not a dive of the Judas, the K-Six? That's the way the epic story of all two dead. No one's going to miss something, no one's anyway. You can't run my chest, don't go back. And I'm 60-fold. If only one of the four of my ghosts in my blood flow. Why not a dive of the Judas? We're going to die, but not to this. Why not a dive of the Judas? Why not a dive of the Judas? Why not a dive of the Judas? Why not a dive of the Judas? Yes. Why not a dive of the Judas? Why not a dive of the Judas? Why not a dive of the Judas? We're going to die, but not to this. We're going to die, but not to this. We're going to die, but not to this. Even Gellys is going to have said about that, but what I Gellys come in down. Okay. Tell me, is that it's down. Maybe it's a voicel drop on Oct. 2, just embarrassing. Let me 32, 28, till a noon. So speaking of movies, why is it? And you told me this before, and that is that anybody out of the day, 200 will watch not work for the first time. Like I turned our close personal friend Ricky on the network, and he watched it. And he enjoyed it. And he said the first half of it was really slow. Yeah. It dragged. And then he said, He said that. But he enjoyed it. Unlike Josh Cortis, who fell asleep for whatever in the middle of it. And I mean, his attitude about it was unacceptable. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television, and say, It's turn of all right in the middle of the set. Have chosen you to preach this, Mr. Bill. Why me? Because you're in television, dummy. I'm a murder. Hell, but I don't understand anything. Oh, I'm a murder. Hell, but I don't understand anything. Oh, I'm a murder. Hell, but I don't understand anything. Oh, I'm a murder. Hell, but I don't understand anything. Oh, that's what they were screaming after the dolphins and on their draft pick on Saturday. I was mad at hell, but I don't understand anything anymore. Oh, but it's a little slow in the beginning, I guess. I don't know. To me, it's one of the most phenomenal movies. And Patty Triayevsky that movie was in 1972. And here it is 2007. And we've lived through the age of BS news. You know, the channel 7th thing. All the hysterical bleeds, it leads. And all the hysterical bull crap. You know, an rookie, taking senses of the world. And all the celebrity gossip crap. And, you know, he was a passion. They fought World War One over him. Patty Triayevsky. And he also wrote and did the hospital. Would you or T Scott, did you ever see that? Yes, I did. That's another great movie. Yes, a hospital. There's another recommendation right now. Ricky says to me, the pusher parts one and two. And it sounds familiar, but I haven't googled it. Is it, uh, I haven't, I am debuted. Is that a good movie? The one here? The pusher. I don't think I've seen it. If you like her, pusher. Sure. Is it a little bit more of a movie? Okay. I've always had a movie that Matt Dylan was in. A kiss and a bow or a dime. A kiss, boy, you're good on the day. Every time I bring that up, the original was with Robert Wagner when he was young and looked really, really. I mean, really good. I mean, but, uh, of course, now he's old and foolish. Like some of us. And then the sequel was Matt Dylan wasn't it? Correct. And Charles. And I'm not a big Matt Dylan fan. The two movies he was in was in a drugstore cowboy. It was very good. And a kiss before it was very good. Other than that crash. And I'm a crash. And I'm a crash. Yeah. I thought I figured it was good and everybody was good in it. Everybody was good in there. That movie. And then we get these idiots. How could you recommend crash? We got one. We got one. No, we've had a few of these guys. I remember why. Same one. Same one. Same voice. It's contrary to anything you say. Yeah. Simple to man. Your taste is in your tush. Anybody that didn't like crash. I might just watch it again. Sometimes this week is out of protest crash. Former CIA analyst claims that falsified documents which were meant to show that Iraq Sodom was saying is regime had been trying to procure yo-kake uranium from not in these years. Oh, I almost said it can be traced back to vice president Dick Cheney. Oh, no. What a concept. As the Dennis Cassinant would say, in pitch his fat ass now. A Pyre NMSNBC's Tucker Carlson show a rainbow cover who served in the CIA for 27 years said the forged memo leads right back to the doorstep of the vice president of the USA. According to a govern former CIA director George Tenant told his courtery of mediable managers of the CIA to create a national intelligence as to into the terms of reference of Dick Cheney's speech of August 26, 2002, or Cheney said for the first time, Sodom was saying could have nuclear weapon in a year. He's got all kinds of chemicals, got all kinds of biological weapons. And Cheney, of course, all kinds of lies. Now, Governor Wil one time tear national intelligence estimates in prepared the president's daily brief also claimed to have evidence that the memo leads directly back to Cheney, but he wouldn't say what it was except that the names of the people involved were in the public domain. In the op-ed posted buzz flash, we're going to argue that if any good come out of the intelligence policy to block our regarding Iraq, it would be the clear lesson that intelligence crafted to the predictions of policymakers can bring disaster. The role that Tenant McLaughlin and their small courtery of mediable managers played as willing or accomplices in the corruption of intelligence has made him mockery of the verse chiselden to the marble that the infants to the CIA headquarters, you will know the truth and the truth will set you free. Montgomery also calls Tenant a pathetic figure who is trying to justify himself for unjustifiable activity. Tenant is newable claims that the Bush administration distorted his use of the term slang tongue and reference to intelligence at all over the record. It's one thing about all these guys, Richard Clark, Paul O'Neill, George Tenant, why are they wearing in office? Why are they wearing a part of the administration? They kept their mouth shut man and then all of a sudden they decided after we're to write a book. You know what I mean? But it's too late when the horse was out of the barn baby, Katie Bar the door. That's another stupid old expression. Katie Bar the first about who the hell is Katie and Bar what door? You know what I mean? Maybe it's the door of the bar. Katie Bar the door my ass. 151 votes. We say these things and we hear these things and just you repeat them by wrote. Remember Carl wrote who played where I played soccer actually once upon a time. Carl wrote. Was that no, I think that was it. I'm trying to confuse now. Was that the father of the play for the giants on the team with Frank if it was on Cal wrote and then someone was the soccer player. Chris on note that he's a big soccer fan. Not. Huh? You'll better get with your soccer Mr because I'm going to tell you if my buddy ever comes to town. What's his name? The great soccer player. The greatest one in the world. Not David Beckham. Bar. Bar. Okay. Bar. John. Luke. He's done with a gracious stuff again. John, Luke, how about Matthew? That sounds good. 1059 and a poll. What's the goal on the poll? You think we can do another 13 today? Wow. Wouldn't that be something? I don't think so. I did. No. Well, I'll say in 1250 would be nice. We'll get rid of that down. So you don't know from pusher. Am I going to have to look that up during the break? That is correct. I don't know from it. Well, I mean, I'm getting the high recommendations on that. At least from written in my heavy duties. It says pusher 1, pusher 2, pusher down the flow that pusher over. Push over. Piss off. I'll push over. Careful. Why is that the holiday we just had? We had Easter and Piss over. All of you silly people out there with your moths and with your Easter eggs and with your Easter buddies. Oh, like I said, enjoy life baby because if you get bogged down in the mong of the universe and among of the earth you're going to get really depressed. You're going to ask yourself, what the hell is going on here, man? What are these crazy people like and so crazy about? What are they saying? What are they spending all their time and energy and money on? We say it's hate and death. Destruction. Stuff like that. All of these things. Give me that good old time religion, baby. Let's have our own, I think that's what we ought to do after I signed my extension for another 10 years. The new Rogers Church of the Year. We can make some real good. Everybody said $1 a day. We've got a couple of pennies. We'll give you a cut. You know, just like in Godfather, we're three when we're sitting there on the roof in Havana. On the roof of that casino. And Hammond Roth says a piece for the so-and-so. I wish I could remember the name. I wish I'd remember that speech was very good. That was the only time in the whole movie that he was really good. What was the after his name? Chris DeGonna Ronaldo, by the way, is the soccer player's seat. When you get this old you remember that? Chris DeGonna Ronaldo. Oh, yeah, I'll remember that. I got news for you. I remember him, not the name. I remember the face, the face and the place in his space. Hey, Chris DeGonna. Now you're starting to get the drift of it. He's supposed to be now the greatest soccer player in the world. So they say, does he play for Ray Almeddread? Do your people, maybe? Do your ancestors? Are they? You're cut alons or whatever they are. I don't know what they are. They are spangled. They speak with a lift by all that. They're kids. They can. They can. They can. That's right. They can. Now was it same before that that I was forgetting about. Oh, the actor that played the from the actor studio. He's dead now. James. James. Huh? Strasbourg. We stressed. We stressed for a very good. He's dead. That was God's punishment. The saddest thing is that Eli walk is still alive. He had ten more of those canoleans. He's still alive. Faster. Oh, the only one. Keep on it. Oh, he was just. I thought we could reason together. Yeah, I know that you like to argue with me about that movie about how grow test and you're right. I mean, it just, it's just sad because it could have been done well. And the message was the story was really great. Right. Well, that makes it even worse because you have like wasted. Nobody's going to pay any attention to it. Yeah. He had to be with us. Yeah. Honestly. Nineteen till noon already. Holy. God. Time is a flying. Sometimes I feel like time is passing us by. You know. Eli is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rock. He's bad. And he's mad. James Brown is Agent W. O.S. W. O.S. In. Licensed to chill. James Brown faces his greatest innocence yet. That's South Carolina correctional. What's the godfather of soul, side step year 40s? With his good foot dance. That's South Carolina maximum security pin. It's no match for James Brown's sex machine. I'm right down. You'll be shaken, not stirred by James Brown. Agent W. O.S. O.S. in. Licensed to chill. And pick up these classics in a video story near you. James Brown in. Doctor Yo. And Soul of Finger. And you know what Yo spells backward? Boy. 1146-14 Balloonic. And we have Mad Dog come up with two and more Brady Quinnick excuses. I don't know. He did make a very good point yesterday about the marketing thing. But I guess they don't pay any attention. Marketing. Putting asses in the seats. Looking up a excitement, you know. Let me ask Chris this question. Do you think that the town is excited about Ted Ginn Jr? Are you talking? Huh? Not yet. No. No, that wasn't not yet. I'm asking. Right now I don't think they are. Well, there you go. I'm just saying. When I was seven years. I was going to be excited about Brady Quinnick. You're better sweet ass. They would be Mr. Let me tell you that right now. They'd be jumping up and down. They'd like ruffle still skin and he'd. And if in two years he was a flop, they would be saying. They'd say, well, you know, well, so big deal. But at the meantime, it's so lot of crap. And while you keep insisting, he's going to be a flop. I'm telling you, wouldn't it been a flop? Flop on this. You would know this because because I watched him play a lot, those Notre Dame games, man, and believe me, the pain in my brain from watching Notre Dame play. Not only do I despise Notre Dame, I don't want to see their games. To show you how far business churches, there's the only college team that's got their own network. Am I right? Doesn't NBC do all the Notre Dame games? That was the correct. That is correct. And that's because the Pope put in the fix. That's why because the Pope paid off the peacock. That's why NBC does all the then Notre Dame games. Does Michigan State have its own network? No. Michigan, Ohio State, you might see, you see a leg. University here, Rochester? No. Buffalo? No. Tick the log on? No. No. But Notre Dame, they got to have their own freaking network there in South Bend. Touchdown Jesus. Yeah. Touchdown Jesus, my ass. Okay. All this jean. Great. Yeah. Screw him. Slots and steadyman tax bill mix. Now this is from the Harold. So there might be a little bit of truth in it. You never know. The Florida House of Representatives, which is consistently killed efforts to expand gambling in the state. Suddenly we resurrected a committee yesterday for just one vote to allow slot machines at 10 race tracks in high-lifron. Townsend's including four in Dave County. Oh my God. The sky is falling. The sky is falling. We're inspired as to what we need him. Come on. Let's get on those no-spitting in the stations right away. Make sure we are put in the air. Come on. The state of rationale for the change of mind tax revenue from gambling would help cup property taxes. All right. The other less public reason a state in for the Florida Marlins. The deal would work like this. It says. The House hates gambling. But once they give a $60 million subsidy to the Marlins to build a retractable roof in the city. The Senate doesn't care for the Marlins stating but is already voted to allow per mutual strife to state to put in slot machines. So each chamber would hold its nose to pass the bill of dislikes to get something that badly wants. The House leaders and ideas to do this any directly between the gambling bill and the Marlins measure but the sponsors are hopeful that since the gambling money would be steered to property tax costs both will survive. It appears to me that there is a desire in the part of the league is a both chambers to give each issue of votes at Senator Steve Gellar. The Senate Democratic leader in sponsor the slots bill. He ended the day after revenue from gaming would make the cost of the Marlins bill too many near for 30 years easier to stomach. You hold your nose. You look the other way and you pick your guts up. You start gagging like that. The House sponsor representative David Revere, a member of public and said he to be appreciative of his push to bring the gambling bill to the vote provokes a Senate vote on the Marlins. And Senate Republican leader Dan Webster, a winner garden Republican last week, father of the Marlins bill won't come to a vote in his chamber. Give Monday a non-committal will see. We'll see. Come see. So, so. Men's a men's a. We win men's a. No, no, no. The House sponsor would love cover race track flag blue dog track, Miami Highlight, Highly erase course and six other permutials around the state to offer slot machines. A non-intelahassee parlance says video lottery terminals without getting voted were approval. Highly would first have to be applied for its racing license. Oh, job run anywhere. We don't need you no more. Go away job run any. Put the palm trees back up and get end of. There were shown the flamingos on the day. What was that I was watching about something about South Florida? Hmm. There were shown the flamingos at Highly and I thought to myself, the flamingos are so lonely there. The machines also called class two or bingo style terminals are identical to when not ones now used by the seminal and Micah sucky Indians at their casinos. They look like Vegas style slots but produce lower payouts because players in essence bet against each other and out against the house. In other words, there's a word that describes those slot machines. Airzots. The House Environment and Natural Resources Council proved it will 13 to one extraordinary lightsation meeting convenes, especially the past the bill before a friendly committee. The estimated $1 billion that would be raised from these nine facilities would be sent to school districts across state which would then have to reduce property taxes. Love it to pay for schools. If the plan is approved, taxpayers could see savings about 10 to 20% of the schools forced to their property tax bill. What's not to like? It's a tax cuts that the council's chairman representative stand may feel the bureau be to Republican. Governor Charlie Gaye. Chris said Monday she's been told to the House proposal but is withholding judgment till she sees final version of the bill. I want the legislature to finish his job. She said, then our lawyers will review the bill. We'll take a position. Oh yeah. Would be the first time Governor Chris took a position. You know what I mean? Gaye. Yeah, you know what position I'm talking about? No, what? Tell me. Well, use your imagination. It was just my imagination. The deal was loaded with political curveballs. House Speaker Marco Rubio, who used to look pretty good if he asked me. City personally will vote against any bill to expand gambling. But either he won't stand in a way, letting it pass through his chamber. Senate president Ken Pro, it's probably pushing for the passes of the slot machines bill. And it said he won't stand the way of a bill that will assist the marlins. It's a little teet for tax. See, I have to change that first where they're because we sure as I can't say. That. And by Vera, who's one of Rubio's closest loot tenants, personally supports gambling and is being courted by dead gambling and Trace to want to conduct a voter referendum next year to bring Vegas to our slot machines to kind of affirm rituals next year, where say, should it, when Broward did the million moons ago, except for the fact that your fat ass governor came down there and talked to all the Julios, nobody against it because the world would come to end if we had those one armbedded slot machines gambling is evil, but it would be putty buttyboup to the mafia, right? Your evil, Jim, you fat ass loser phony. But the conservative house's hostile territory for gambling measures is no guarantee this lost fuel will pass it says here. And more routine bill, the loose in slots regulations as barred for mutuals by expanding the number hours of operation of slot machines and allowing them to put attyms in their property barely passed vote on Monday, 61-52. Referers said the votes send a signal that his bill will have trouble, it certainly has challenges he said. There's no assurance that Senator will agree with the House proposal. The Senate version would allow all 25 per mutuals in the state to expand a class two slots and generate an estimated 1.9 billion tax revenue a year. The House plan limits the new slots games to per mutuals and counties with populations of over 100,000 within 40 miles of existing casino operated by the engines. The bill prohibits brawler county per mutuals for offering the machines unless they give up the biggest dot class three gaming devices they now use, which there are two chances of that happening much, much less than none and infinity minus. Some legislators from plain Monday, the issue was worse through. I just thought out about this, I'd represent a rich, florey also, a plant city Republican. I don't like this bill, I'm going to let it go to the floor because I don't believe anything in this large amount of this magnitude needs to be decided by he believes it, the entire chamber. But I'll beat Pettaboo put about. As usual, Florida Lake continues, did it around his dragon, there he'll can't do it right. They've got to do it the Florida way, man. They've got to do it all screwed up. Not the right way, the Florida F in ways screwed up big time. So the only way they know how in Florida, and you want to know why? I can't do why without even asking, because Florida basically is that's it. Ever been over to queer water? Ever been to Lids? Ever been to? Huh? No? No good. Ever been to Temple, terrorists? I've been to Temple. I've bought my bar mitzvon Temple, Temple, Bethel and Rochester. Let me say again, I'm going to die at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, New York. I got it all worked out. I'm leaving right now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go down the lake on Ontario, I'm going to go to the beach, and I'm going to swim across, and then I'm going to croak, and they're going to take my body and stick it right in Strong Memorial. I was born and I've died in the same one. I'd be great. Not. Not. Yeah. Why are people with so many things like that? Everybody wants to know where they came from, their family, tree, their roots. Why? What do you mean this is a man? Why not? No, no, the question is, is that why not? The better the noise part is fiber from 50 years ago. It's better knowing what? Hardest fibers from 50 years ago. Are you not going to race dry now just because you never let the gate in his life? Oh, Elmer Congran. Harold Snodgrass. Harold Fisher. Francis O'Hare. You've got a not not Francis O'Hare man. That old man could drive one. I catch a lot of tickets on old Franco here from flushing Michigan baby. Flushing Michigan's like when you go to woodbine. That's what you're doing with your money. Flushing down the toilet. They do have nice toilets, so there we are. Thousands of 90 votes on our very marginal pool. Do I really want to read this result or not? I don't know. You can always tell that you don't like the pool and don't want to read the... Read the result you have to motivate yourself. In this case, I think I'll pass. This is very liquid. Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the meal rotters 12-1 hours. That's them. La la la la la la la la la la la la la Oh, I'm great. Now I want to win. You ain't cheap. Don't let my great be with. La la la la la la la la These are work ball fair, dude. A silent wall of me. Oh, you kind of got that I don't want to do. That's good to be. That's a good thing. I want to hear if you go out of date. But there's no chance at all. So don't let me as forth-squish. If I want to see a gram of balls. Yes. So, baby, wow. Look at that kid. You ain't cheap. Don't let my great be with. La la la la la la I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his balls. I can do what I want to. But I ain't gonna get stuck. Don't let my great be with. Okay, that's not so great. But I'm done so low that it's not me. At least at least when I'm here. I'm great. Now I want to win. You ain't cheap. Don't let my great be with. You ain't be without. Look at that kid. You ain't cheap. Don't let my great be with. Okay, what have we got? We got 1100 votes on there or what? The Chris, what does it say? It says 1102. 1102. And what did I say we needed today? We're gonna get. You said 1250. I think we can move 13. What do you think, George? Can we go for 13 today? What do you say? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's go for 13. If we don't get it, then Chris loses his job. What? You know, if his face was capable of changing expression, he might have actually looked sad there. I think during this next break, I'm gonna make me some lunch. Okay. I'm gonna make me a couple of nice weeners I got. The ones that are not loaded with nitrates and nitrites and cancer causing chemicals and all of these horrible. All of these things. 1102 on the pool. If you know what the pool is, two backers, I'm not going to read it for a long time. Maybe it's holding into the show. I don't like it. Well, if you don't like it, why did you put it on there? You know something? Can I give you an honest answer? Okay. Because you wanted to? No. Because I'm lazy. Because I was told the top of the pile of poles I got here. Seriously, you know how many poles you've faxed me from Charlie B. And from other people, but mostly from him all the time. But here's an interesting, let's see. There's a pull I found in the middle of my pile. It's not from Charlie B. It's from some other goofball. It says, how would you describe your sexual orientation on a scale from one to six? Where one is completely straight. And six is completely. It says, full on straight. What would it's full on? Completely straight and six is full on. We vote, those of us who are straight call that straight. Oh, wait. Are we going to do this again? Well, you would say do this again? There's such thing as straight people. Aah! I can't stand it! I don't. It's a switched full thing. I was just reading the pole. I don't care what that means about last time. What does that mean? That means four nights. Interested. I don't ask. Okay? Or not interested. What number they are on a scale? The only number I care about is what number they are on my own personal or at your scale. That's the number I care about. If I see a good number, I'll lie. I'm a perfect. That's all. I'm proud of it. Then they got one, two, three, four, five, six, it varies by the day, it varies by the hour. I'm not really sure. A sexual. A. I'm a Catholic priest who's none. Well, that's, yeah, so we know it's a six. Right. It's a full. No, we know to. I hate this full. No, no. Well, anyway, that's, that was just in the middle of the pile. The Florida legislature today changed the state's 34 year old redalose, will allow thousands of dollars in new penalties against renders who break their leases, giving landlords, changes they've been seeking for three years. Renders who break the, and of course in a transient place like South Florida people don't break their lease to their jurors. I don't think so. And how they don't. They don't. The hell they don't. I don't. Well, if you don't, because you're, you're an off-standing guy. That's right. And a sucker. That's right. Renders who break their leases would pay a penalty equal to two months ran face additional cost equal to another month to back any concession such as a free month to pay back. The two months ran pedally would not apply, would apply not only to tendons who leave midway through a rental contract, but those that will give proper 60 day written notice and not renewing their leases. Well, excuse me. With virtually no debate, votes on the new penalties were overwhelming, would the Senate unanimously inferring the changes in the House by vote of 114. Now the vote goes to Governor Charlie Gaye, Chris. Hey, Charlie. You're fairly. The new rules would not apply to current rental lease. As only pieces that begin after mischrist times of legislation, law would be subject to the increased penalties. Also, it's so what does that mean? You know? That means that all of you people that are already running, you can screw over your landlord and have it in the last year. I saw if that's what that means. And then what does sounds like it means to you? Sure. Under current law, landlords can only charge renters who break their leases for the time it takes to find a new tenant, but they can't overlaid payments. We've referred to by consumer advocates as double rent. The legislature changes allow landlords to collect thousands in penalties, even if they got another 10 already moving immediately if not soon. Well, how do you like that? It's called double drip a dipping dripping. Let them see if they can't afford, let's say, Chris is job. Let's get that 1300 by 2 o'clock today. What do you say? Let's see how much the audience likes you, Chris. This is like a referendum on your popularity. Should I start packing now? Packing. Packing. Packing what? 11, 16, a piss, pistola. 11, 16 is what we got right now. I'll tell you the poll, even even see the substance of it a lot of days like today. It doesn't make any difference. It's a stupid, it's a crappy poll. But it's the numbers, baby. That's what it's all about. Those numbers. QA and hello. Neil. Mr. Crafts bat. I think it was batten. What? I think Crash the movie was batten. What? What kind of image they just tried to cramp some little stories of the one movie and it just kind of got like so a stick to it. I understand the theme right now. And what was the scene? Well, the whole racial thing about assuming things about people. Like everything a little conversation had to do with it. So what was wrong with that? It was just too obvious. It's an excellent point, by the way. It's an outstanding point. It's a very true point. Maybe you can handle that. It was just a little too obvious. It tastes blows, man. That's all I can tell you. It's all too long. It was a 60 year old. See, didn't like it. We don't really care what the electorate are not. Anybody with a brain who saw Crash thought it was outfing standing. Okay. Read my stupid ass old, craggy lips. Crash is a great movie. Period. Every story. It would be like having a argument about the godfather. It's the same same. I'm not saying it says good is a godfather, but it's, you know, that's correct. But it's certainly like in the top, you know, in the top of 5 million. What is this guy talking? So I still be in incarnation of Peter Crowe. But that was it. Yeah. Crash was fine. And the all the acting performed. And I think you know what, he doesn't like it. Same reason. They're not upset about Brady Quinn. Too pretty. He's like, what's his name? I boy. It was Ryan Philippe. Philippe. Who used to be Ryan Philippe? That's why he don't like it because that pretty boy was in there. They hate pretty boys. Do you wonder why the guys in South Florida hate pretty boys? Because they're jealous. Do you think there's one guy listening to me right now who doesn't wish that he was Brady Quinn? Do you think there's anybody? I'll take it. What about you, Chris? Would you like to be Brady Quinn right now? Yeah, sure. I want to go into Cleveland. It's cracked up to me. But nevertheless, WQA and hello. Hey, you. I don't like it. Okay, sir. I actually, I wanted to call earlier when you were talking about crash and I actually enjoyed the movie very much. Only for one. So I need to get it again. But you said Matt Damon had a party in it. Matt Dylan. Oh. Matt. Matt. Matt. Matt. Matt. Matt. Matt. I don't know. I got it. I got it. Anyway, I want to see you. Bye-bye. Okay. Matt. Not Matt Damon. He was in the town of Mr. Ripley. No, Matt Damon was in the because there was no character that he could play. You know. Hello. He was good. I'm credit. So what's that series of movies that he's in? Don't tell me where he's the. What is it? The board and identity? Correct. Yeah. The board and this, the board and that, the board again. And yeah, go to good movies, the boring. I think I seen him all the way out of the rest of him. They've had. What was that mean? I like the boring identity, but the rest of them were kind of weak. Maybe that's the only one I've seen. It's in the other room now. Maybe I'll put it on right now. I'll watch the movie. Just to be sure, well, whatever. He does a good job in there. It doesn't play some fag at, okay? You know, if you people, and then you just get married to some hot chick. I mean, that looks pretty good. And I'd say I believe that, but he got married. They married him off. All those stories about him and Ben Affleck. I mean, come on. Does anybody believe that? Sure. Oh. Nobody QAN, hello. Hi, um, two calls back. He got some guy on the air. Instead, uh, he dated crash, whatever. Yeah. I told him, I don't know what he's talking about. That was the funniest movie that I've seen all the year in 2004. Yeah. Uh. Nobody QAN, hello. Any other good news about the James B. Kennedy? No. Well, he is giving up his lobbying for the Center for Creationist Government or whatever was. Yeah. And, uh, well, he's recovering from the heart attack and Michigan. Oh, that's a good image. Oh, that's a good image. It's a good image. Oh, good. That's a good news, like I said. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. See, guys, small him, baby. They said, you phony baloney. You virulent anti-Semite. You hate manga. You homophobic. You piece of right wing phony baloney religious money grubbing. You're rubbing turd you and he's smote him. Whatever that means. Isn't that always smiting and smoting? He likes to smite. And spite. He likes to smite and spite out of spite. Yeah. So this is faster. 125 votes on the poor by the way. Chris is job his life depends on his man. We got to get to 1, 100 by 1. Then we got a shot for 13. Am I at least right about that? Don't you have to get to 12 before he gets to 13. Even Danny Boy can count that. Rock solid. You're gay. There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all. Sign a fan. Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect. Sign a fan. Isn't it time you experienced side effects? They cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity, vertical, impotigo, impotence, imprisonment, shrinkage of the genitals and large amount of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, toadstools, huge free historic vats whipping out of the sky, eating your dog. Halitosis, honeyberry, berry, berry, berry, berry, berry, mental, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numbness, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death. Side effects is perfect for everyone. Not intended for women who are pregnant. Women who are men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant. The elderly, the young, kitty cat, steep, parry, tadpoles, tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant fathers. Indus flavors like beef. Ask your doctoral pharmacist about side effects. And find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit. Which happens, man. He reminds me that I just went to the kitchen. In fact, it's in the flavor wave right now. My lunch, what? Oh, what are my lunch? And I put a weenor on there, you know? Yeah, I'll be weenor. And I took it out of the package and I had like a gentle ward on it. Growth under your armpit? No, I'm on the weenor. Oh. I see. And it kind of like took me a back for a second there. I like before before I looked it up, you know how you looked up the top of the, the, um, a little wave. And you're, slip whatever. And you know, I've bit that thing off of it before I put it in the, and the thing. If I don't want to cook it, you don't want to cook a gentle ward. No, no, you don't. So anyway, as soon as I hear that, it'd be bad. From the, and then I'm going to get up out of here and then you can like play your music for a second. Okay. I don't know because I got my plate ready. I sliced up a few onions. I got my French as mustard here. Now you don't just like French as do you. Is that made by craft? I'm sure it's not. I don't know. They're fine. Well, let's see. We're not seeing like the craft makes everything. No, they do not make French as must. I'll do it. Okay. All right. There's one. Jesus. It's French foods.com. Okay. It's got nothing to do with craft or craft or anything like that. They can matter of fact. Imported by record banger Canada. Tomato Ontario. Well, good. At least it didn't come from like banger. It's for some damn 18th world place like that or like a Connecticut. 1138 on a pool. They're coming in and chunks for you. Now Chris, I think they're going to come through for you. Or maybe not. Ha ha ha ha. Huh? We'll see. It's the hardest. Court of St. Louis and email. He said he's already to come back and take over again. If he don't get to 13, remember. We got 11.30. Well, let's do the math on this. And I hate that expression. So push your we didn't see. How about Chris? Did you see? Pusher? Yeah. I keep forgetting the IMDB. Well, I got to get that weiner out of there. So we got 60 and 42 is 102 minutes. And we 162. Always should be able to do that. That's us into the usual ratio is if it's less than two a minute, we can do it on this show. And of course this audience, you know, we can notice they're not calling now, which is probably a really good sign. Well, crash was the funniest while we are. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Crash and burn. That's what we say to you. Okay, crash and burn. You lunatics, you losers. You sad excuses. You know, could there possibly be any place more perroky or on the face of the other, then in South Florida? There is a haven't been there. That's the thing that kills me. And we keep hearing about well, it's a melting pot. It's all these people from all these other places. Well, that's the amazing part of it is because I guess they forgot where the other places works. Maybe in New York. You know, because everything was better in New York. You can have New York. That's what I was to do. You know, the last time I was in New York, how many years ago that was? I don't know. I don't know. I just, it's just not on my list. I would mind going back to Boston or Chicago or I would have also not going back to Detroit. For reasons that are too obvious to even mention, you know, let's say a toilet. toilet. Oh my god, the toilet. I have two of them right here in my apartment. Got a little one and I got a big one and they were one of those big. The people actually ever use those those what those tubs that got the and what do you call those the jets the the day. No, no, not a bidet a tub. Oh, like a troll pool like a man kind of saying, I'm not a rightful. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Old art, theoretic people. So you might not, I'm old, but I'm not our theoretic. I'm not going to. I'm going pretty good to be honest with you for a little bit. No, quicky bones. Oh, I guess what beeping. Okay, I do have the talk for a minute. This is second. You're going to talk for a minute. The home I go talk about. I just grow friends on the market. I'm going to go. That's good. What about you? I've been alright. On the time of the kitchen. It's right there. He's coming down right here. What's wrong with you? Were you going in the kitchen? Yeah. What is this called? It's simple that I'm eating now because I got a weiner here with a couple of little slums. I'm going to excuse you to how you fat people roll. So I'll think about fat people. We're always either eating something or drinking something. Have you ever noticed that? Fat people always have something in their mouth. Well, now it's true. I admitted. I've noticed that about fat people. I always drink in something and usually it's got sugar in it and some cramps. It's not like a diet soda. Now let's see how this weiner came out. I got my mouth turned. Not iron. Man. That's good. Hmm. I'm going to complain to music. No. Well, why not? Can they listen to me chew on here for crying out? Why not? Go in and out. chew them out. You can you could be adding a little something here or not. I could. But. I just don't feel like it. More or not. I can. I can. I got to say. That's the moment. You got nothing to say. No. I didn't prepare anything. So in other words, unless you prepare something, you have nothing to say. Well, I mean, I could pull something out of my arms. Not bad. With a rope. Mm-hmm. I love the 43 quish. How are you feeling? Feeling confident? Yeah, we'll get it. A little shaky. A little nervous? I would be. Because if it gets, if it gets to be like about 11.90. And we have about five minutes to go. You know, damn well, they're going to stick it to you. You know, you know, this crowd, don't you? They're relentless. Yep. And they hate to feel. They hate everybody. They hate each other. They hate themselves. They hate life. They hate the taste of the year. But I won't say this. The poor people come through for a stall every time. Yeah, they do. Hmm. So obviously the poor people in the cars are not the same. The poor people are the online people. Right. Who are the good people? Some of them. Some of them. They should be in Staggan. And his wife. I wonder if she has a name. Probably. Yeah, I'm sure most of you guys would like to find out what it is, too. Hmm. Besides honey. Hmm. Honey pie. Hmm. Sugar pie. Oh, I could play that. So good. Mom, eat this meal. Yeah. So to make an all these guttable sounds like a pity on the air. It's something that's so cool. They're not painting all that honey that you got in the air. You'll get back again. They're not painting honey that you. They're supposed to be entertaining us. And I'm using this. And saving it will come to self and regime. And she even messes with wild stories. I don't know if it's a land that's a fool. I can't dream. And I have this and I'll be many. I can't play. I'm feeling it. Just imagine you. Honey, I like that. Even with the mouthful of the reader there, I could do the talk up just perfect. When I got that was great. Don't forget to call her strong a few days. I will. For God's sake. I'm going to send him a message later today. I'm one of our my space friends. You know? We'll go. Do you know that? No, I don't look at the, you know. Even though I look right now. You don't look at what? I haven't really spent that much time on it after the initial, you know, novelty. I mean, I answer the messages every other day, every three days, whatever it is. No, what about our main, on our show page? Have you seen the comments, stay by the Serbian standing? No, which one of which didn't come out? No. And you could click on him and take a look at him and his lovely young wife. He's 18, I don't know how old she is. Let me do that. Young punks, huh? Let me do that now. Yeah, a bit too well. So you guys said take a look at his wife. Right away, he's going to do it right now. Right under the Howard Dean posting on there. I see where the comments are done. I will. What it loads up. He has a wife, you know? Mm-hmm. Kind of a cute couple of you asked me. For all your swimmers out there. I'm just thinking I'll allow. I'm sure they're not interested. But nevertheless, I'd be fine to go out on the page or what? Yeah, I'm on the page. I'm scrolling there he is. And, and I'm on his page. You click the pick. Click where it says picks. Fine, it was good. Looking for the wife. That's his lucky wife. You don't think she's cute? Where? I don't see her. Oh, there are, I see, that first picture. Yeah. She's very cute. So you have children. She'll do. And so we'll hear. She's not nearly as pretty as he is, but then again, that's not the truth. There are those situations. She's not nearly not even close to your 40s. You're wrong, of course, as usual. He's 100 times prettier than she'll ever be. Yeah, so those gaze had a rack that takes. He has in pretty good. And why does he and so many of those photos on there. Always have his mouth open wide like that. Well, maybe he wants to get fed. I don't know. Let him 52 out of pull, Chris. Now, the first race is to get to 1200. We need 48 votes in 34 minutes. This hour, to get to 1200. I think you're in big trouble. Hey, Cleveland. Back in the day when someone done a strong. But we didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor. We didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor. When the jets dropped their bombs. We found them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags wave. As the Saudis love and retired voice of bombers, the wrong way. Oh, my God. And of a barracks to be in the Americans. Where they find local sightseeing. The United States of our guns. And by warships, that would be free. They got this country. And the late North of our disney, tonight is to be. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. In the USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives. Stop living in the past. If you want that as you feed to thrive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. I'm dying out of here. And nothing virus to be in America. Where we take three hours of sleep. Wave a flag and would ask. With our head in the sand. It's likely follows the power that he ever said to. And I think that's a good point. Watch it. Stay from you. On a 65-inch screen. Ah! Retro. Five. Everything's okay. You know, something is gone on the end. It lasts for the 80-minute time. It was Marlon's promos. And all the other airtimes that we take with the Marlins and the Panthers. And after this, you know, the Panthers, these are already over. Yeah. How they doing the playoffs? Any a playoff? No. And so the fact is that we're getting rid of the Marlins and the Panthers. And look at all the energy that was put in there. You know what I mean? And all the airtime and all the way. What's up? Look at all the laborers of the lobby. All the money. All the laborers are loosing money. Losing money like crazy. Like the Marlins. Oh my God. And speaking of the Panthers, something also just don't know me. And some Panthers are going to win the other station after this last season. Just ended. Who's going to be, where's he going to be? Who's going to put him on? Is he going to continue being the voice of the Panthers? I think the team, my heart is the announces. Don't they, Chris? Say it one more time? I'm talking to your boy. You talking to my boy? Yeah. Because there's a lot they have to need a chain. I need to take 100. I need a little boy. Try. Hey, do you guys get you guys? About 10? He said yes for that. That's all 24. That's all 24. Maybe he bounced. But anyway, I'm, yeah, don't probably want you to go as a fucking, yeah. The announcers. Are they selected by the teams? That would be correct. Also, Galda. If they select team, are we going to be here? Well, we're not here in a Panthers game anyway. That's my point. So, if another station carries the Panther games, maybe we can unload him. I didn't mean to put in those terms. Maybe we can dump his squeaky ass at the same time. Well, if he's going to keep doing the Panthers, then yeah, that would happen. That would happen. Oh, wouldn't that be a shame? Because I see he's on tomorrow after the early, early, Marlon game from, after the game goes seven. And then he's going to be on again on Thursday. Galda gets it off in the ward banquet. The squeaking is way to success. Look, that'd be something if he lost Galda. Jesus, God Almighty, how would we survive? Isn't it something I can see? I see ahead. I close my eyes and I see ahead. WDQAM, hello. WDQAM, hello. This is Galby on the dolphin radio network. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on, let's not be picking on Galda. Now that he's going to be moving on, I guess. Yeah, I wonder what mold? He's old sidekick, we'll think about that. Probably like to kick him in the side or in few other spots as well. Those two, man, you talk about a great hate. They grew to hate each other every time I'd be in a building, which wasn't very often the tour to ladder stages there, I'd become out of the tea room and you'd be guilty. Oh my God, I don't know how I can pop up anymore. That's I can't stand it. I don't know. Man, just carrying on, like a morn, you know? Like a maniac. 1172 on the pool of Chris, we need 28 votes this hour to get up to 12. And that's in 24 minutes. I think you might make it. Yeah, we got it. Yeah, don't get too complacent on me. You should know this crowd better than that. They feel sorry for me. No, no, no. He can't force that. 2,000. Just for 2,000, message. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How much longer are you going to read that Mercedes-Benz? As long as it's time, man, as long as they painted it, do it. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm police. WQAM, hello. Yo. Yo. What do they do? WQAM, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. You're pushing the button, and I thought we talked about that. You pushed the button to read the button. OK, button. Oh, yeah. WQAM, hello. Yes. Hi. Listen, you have to say, I called you and he goes, uh, oh, yeah, I was, but he saved my wife for the Brady practice. And then the biggest dude on the planet. I mean, I think the guy wanted what Brady couldn't practice. No, there's no question about that. Yeah. Who wouldn't want to watch in practice? He'll be depending on what he was practicing. Me? He's loving to never bring that blind on my dad. He was nasty. Really? Well, he probably, I heard, I heard, man, it's say some yesterday about his hot girlfriend. He must have left her home. Hot girlfriend. He's crazy. I don't, I'm not gay, but I've got Bradley do crazy in the macro. Hey, wait a minute. He's up there. There you go. Now, there's one situation where George can't argue with me because you didn't see it anyway. What? But if he, if he's not, if Brady quits out a lot, pretty or the mad blonde chick, they had an eye, claiming that she was his girlfriend. I didn't see it, so. Well, I'm, even Chris would have to agree with that. OK. Right, right, right, right. I mean, I'm much tempted to write that. I mean, logically, you know, it was, I was, I mean, I think he would have to admit to that. Otherwise, we might have to cut off the vote right now on that poll. It's a play along that. It'll be easier for you. 11 74. Yeah, it just, just pretend you agree. Okay. I just pretend you agree. That's George's attitude. Because there are no pretty guys. No, pretty guys. There's only, there's only pretty woman. And there's some pretty, I'm very pretty boys. They're pretty boys. Pretty males. Pretty, it's right. The Serbian, the statin, whatever his name is. It's a white and white prettier than him. Q, weigh him. Oh, she's not. Yes, she is. Hello. Don't know. OK. I got a question for you. You know, Paul and Ron show day, extended hours to where they're on until noon. 15, 15, 15, every hour's a day. Yeah. How does the book come out for that now? They're not in the four hour. Well, I mean, how does the book come out for that? They've been doing that for a week for a few days. Well, the application they signed a new contract in that, in that. They could be on 40 hours a day. And they still suck. That's my answer to you. And they're still ripping off everybody else's material, including mine. And they could be on 80 hours a day. It's the dumbest programming this has never heard of in my life. Except the course most of the ones that are made on this station. Pretty stupid, man. I do people achieve channel. Good. God. Let's have Paul and Ron on from 5.30 to more until 5. And he afternoon. I'll ride. W2AM. Hello. Nail, I was looking at your week of beta. And it says that you died yesterday. That's good. Okay. Good. WQAM. Hello, Nails. Yeah. This is my cranary scoffer again. WQAM. Hello. There you go. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to draft. Who knows what the heck's going to go on. But I try. You would like to quarterback because he's warming. You know, you like more men than less. Bye. I was so with your gun from a spoco. We don't intermica in the crowd of people. They got the best of her. That you ever seen. As anybody in that neighborhood. They tell you this country where the country goes. You're a bit of a rascal man. And as someone to sell. And from my alley. You can detect this. Now I'll stop. Stop. Can't just stop. Stop. You like the one this pleasant joke. Stop. Can't just stop. Stop. Stop. Can't just stop. Stop. Stop. Can't just stop. Can't just stop. Can't just stop. Can't just stop. You pick every lots of herb. And the gun needs to suck. Spoken every day until your lungs burn like. With all the money that we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign faith. A American tour is coming here and say. Nothing like this in the US. They smoke. Spoken. Can't just stop. Spoken. They like. Of this pleasant joke. They begin to pop and choke. Spoken. Can't just stop. Spoken. Huh? They can't drink. They drink. They drink. On the tell us on you are in our style man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can. Then we people coming here for miles around. So biting them for you by the ounce of the ground. And rascal man, say to her, Am I right? They can't just be good tonight. And then they smoke. Spoken. Can't just smoke. Spoken. They like. Of this pleasant joke. Spoken. Can't just smoke. Spoken. Spoken. Spoken. Spoken. That kind of joke you could. That kind of joke you could. That was right. Yeah man. 11.8. I think Chris is going to eat this one out. I think you're going to squeak on through. Okay. We're going to. I never really thought we'd make 13 today. Did you? I never thought it. That's why I thought it. 11.8. So we need 12 more in 13 minutes this hour to get 1200. And you've got to get to 12 and then you like it to 13. Then you like it to 14. Then you like it to first base. But I sure doubt it. Now when you look at this short period of time. Oh my god. It is scary. Frank Ross, the ABC News report last night on a mountainous scandal from the records of the so-called VC madam, who not Prashtatutta. Ross said, may you probably see figures can be found on listed finds for the escorts service, which has emerged in the course of the trial of its operator, Deborah and the company in Pauvery. It's a long list moving going through the phone records for the last four years provided this by Jean Pauvery Ross report on Monday morning. There are some great prominent people, lobbyists, lawyers, members of the military, other people in the Bush administration. Not right way hypocrites, finger pointing people. That couldn't be good. Much of phonies. Pauvery, 50 W.D.C. Mademann Local Media, which has been a range in federal court on charges of operating Washington Post-utus service for 13 years. Still, it would be terminated in 2006. Pauvery's denies, he ran across the tuition ring her company, Pamela Martin and Associates was simply a high-ended, adult fantasy firm, which offer legal sexual and erotic services across the spectrum of adult sexual behavior, and did so without incident during his 13-year tenure, she said. Ross sounds like a lot of linguistics there to me. Offer legal sexual and erotic services across the spectrum of adult sexual behavior. Yeah, we're talking about that. Nothing. Pauper contends her by-scored service provided university-educated women who engage in legal game-playing of a sexual nature at 275 bucks an hour for 90 minutes sets of Washington Post-Reports, legal game-playing of a sexual nature. But Pauper is also related that she has a record of the phone numbers of thousands of more than 10,000 customers that could embarrass more than a few of the West capitals, high flyers. Friday the West State Department announced that Randall Tobias the invalid entity West agency for international development was resigning for unspecified personal reasons. However, ABC Newswood said Pauper had provided it with a record of numbers of cost-wrestling private cell phone reported that Tobias stepped on after they spoke to him about his allegedly contacting her number, her number. Since, maybe she hooked him up with a good number. Since 2003, Tobias has also been present at Bush's first global AIDS coordinator, a job where he do criticism for his emphasis on faithfulness to partners and abstinence over economies in trying to prevent the spread of the AIDS virus. Before entering government, it was Chairman President Chief Executive of the Pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly, oh my god, a bunch of butchers if they ever wore any. Remember, the little mind? Oh yeah. Babies being born with 18 heads, little things like that. And also from 1997 to 2000 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Duke University, the Humphors on the Mother, no less. His now-reported links to a firm accused of prostitution of raised more than a few eyebrows, just like that Saturday, draft picked by your dolphins raised more than a few eyebrows. I'm a Stephen Randy Rune was like, push, push him around. Countries California, home at other assets, received by US tax authorities in October and Pauper has been trying to raise funds for a defense through an appeal on her website. Her lawyer, Montgomery Blair, simply told 5 TV last month, these statistical certainly is that there were a fair number of high-profile people who used this service across the government and private sector in the metropolitan DC area. And the post reported Saturday that local generous appear to be multiplying, it said simply claimed that he's been contacted in the past few days and has been contacted by five lawyers asking whether their client's phone numbers are on Pauper's list of 10 to 15,000 customers from 2002 to 2006. That may have something to do with the fact that Pauper's already has named her first name as it were on her website, where she's posted a court document for maple Trump, in which she alleges formal former US Navy Commander Harlan Olman was a regular customer whom she needs to subpoenae when we the first time, I'm sure. With James Wade, I'll be developing a military doctrine of shock and awe. You was... Oh, I shucks! Use by US government's invasion of Iraq. According to one definition, that is shorthand for rapid dominance based on the use of overbombing the successive force, nominate maneuvers and spectacular displays of power to smooth the other side. Earlier this month, Almond told CNN, the allegations don't dignify our response and refer to any other questions to his lawyer. Shock and awe, my ass. Hardly easy, dear. Yeah, that's shock and awe, right? Wow. Why didn't I do one? You think we're going to need to twelve-other by eight minutes for nine votes? I'll be happy. Yeah, I can't. In fact, if I click to have you currently, there's the current. And they're good on ice cream, too, by the way. I think you need eight votes and eight minutes. And where would you buy currents? Do they sell them like in a market? I'd have. Yeah, they sell you all. They do? Yep. They sell currents at publics? Chris Audin, as well. Why would Chris know? He's a fat eater. I used to work there. You used to work at publics? You were like a bag boy? No, it's a stop on them. Oh, thank God for that because I was going to say if the quality of bag boys has degenerated that level. I mean, I don't want to make a personal shot. But you know, all those publics bag boys? Where's that fit? It's in there. I'm happy to talk to the University of the Bag Boys at Publics. Happy 12th anniversary, Neil. Yeah, I'm a bag boy, my name's Jason. Right. I'm a big fan of the bag boys. I'm a big fan of the bag boys. Do you know how many years ago that's 19 years ago? Those guys are married with kids now. I don't know not to share about a couple of them. That's personal. Yeah, well, come on. That's bad. What do you employ in gay? Just because kids have high squeaky voices. Maybe he was a, you know, I was a originally off the stage. Maybe he was a one-d-sended testicle man. Which one of the pitch of his voice? Yeah, the pitch. The switch of his voice? Yeah. Don't listen to him, whoever you are. 1195, whatever happened to those people, by the way. And let's see, that's all in the past. 1195, we'll get to 1200 by one. That's, that's a given. Chris, you got that. You need five votes in seven minutes. Anybody could do that. Even then, the bastard could do that. I'm not sure about that. You know, see, let me say this to you. I think we got 1352 mice face friends. And they're all real people, or at least people who pretend to be real people. We don't have any fake people that we put on their as fake. He's got 70, I know this time is website, they've got 17 or people. And I think about 800, 900 of them are like, thank the fake Jimmy Siffles, fake, hey, Goldberg, fake, any K fake, but this one, you know, we don't have no fake boobs, Sean beyond there. We don't fake a stugas. Why would you want to have a fake stugas? Who they'll want to have real one when he can write that away? I mean, that whole concept, that a bunch of little children, it'll be like Robert Greeper, General Manager of WKUA, and they're like that, you know? Now, is, did Kenny finally stop saying that? Because I might actually listen again if he, if I'm sure he won't say that. I'll go find somebody that knows. Robert Greeper is a Lord of the Board, the, oh, what was the other part of that? I don't know. If Robert Greeper, the grim, the Lord of the Board, oh, God. And as soon as I heard him say that, I said to myself, this show is doomed to fail. Kenny, with all the respect, you know? Doomed to fail. Doomed to a miserable death. I don't know about that. I hear rumors. Don't you hear rumors up and down the hallway? Or the closing door. And they doing that? Maybe that's about the draft set or in that about that morning show. 12-01, Chris, you're on your way. Baby, you're on your way to San Jose. I think you, every day we're going to put you through this. And you know what? Then you'll lose weight. It's called, although, I don't know about you. Do you do stress eating? Um, not really. I don't think so. You know? I know you used to, but I'm trying not to do it anymore. So I'm a little less good. Well, not that you got this great job. If this kind of a price, you know, this kind of salary. What stress could you possibly be on? It's kind of what? If this kind of can. In addition to which, you know, you can't afford, I mean, how can you afford to overeat anyway? Who can afford to buy the food? Because that's why he knows how the price of currency, publics. I always thought I bought that, and I just know how to have a... They're good for you. They're good for you. They're pretty, I mean, there's this small. So I guess if you bought like 10,000, then we can make like a little bowl. And we're like some sugar and cream would be good. Maybe, oh, you know what? They're really good on ice cream. Hmm. Wow. Did I tell you that before? Yep. Yes, you did. That's what I had in Copenhagen. As long as I live, I remember how many years ago that is. It's about probably, oh, I don't know, 13, 14, 15 years ago. As long as I live, I'll never forget that hotel, that restaurant and the blonde waiter that waited on us. Oh, my God. But anyway, die. It's a guy. I guess you figured that out. Yeah. I like to shave my legs, arms, and buns, where I listen to the meal Rogers wanted to hours. You wanted more? You got it. The man's all just back. Singing more, do it. On the painted seat. On the two. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, number eight. It's back. Erring off with a great singing more, sing his with even more, six stars. The mad dog does him off. Baby, everything is all right. Time, time, time. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Give me the fire. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's an all new tradition, vision. With a mad dog, singing like a man. I like it. I like it. I like it. The truth is finally out. That humanity was truly the fifth people. You gotta give me the love and you give me love. Oh, the world of the land. I'm so happy. And now you'll get to stay. You know, as you say, you don't be a bad man. I'm so happy. Here's the mad dog's endermutching tribute to the King. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. The mad dog was just a little ambivalent. But we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not. I don't think so. We had look at Razi Pamela little visit and tell of either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract. That's some of the fifth-use, cute. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And it's this. I'll move to a little now if you won't quickly. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. 103 and 56 and that business, if you move quickly, that's from the Steve Cain School of BS. Remember those days? Yes. We have open line. We have open line. If you were quickly and you look at the line. Yeah. No calls on it. But that was his way of siking the audience into calling. He's siked them out of here. It's the psychological poor. You know, if you move real fast, you might get in. And now he's, you know, born again Christian. I'm a station that nobody knows the collarders of. That nobody knows where to find on the dial. But everybody's got to make a living, baby. Master 11 is they say in China. Trump 11 or 18 votes on the pool are 12, 16. He's excuse me. I don't want to exaggerate now. I'm not trying to push you near for Chris. 12 18 like I just predicted. 12 18. And I actually read the, uh, I hate this pool. And estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses. Your response question mark confiscate their vehicles. 292. Throw their arses in jail 241 as an ass. Throw their ass in jail 241. What do you expect from third world drivers to 24? I've had most of our here in South Florida 185. How negative and how true. Just shoot him. 1 25. Final and slack. Monteress 54. We've both relations is permanently 50. And I'm one of them 46. And we're going to hunt your ass down all 46 here. We're going to hunt you down all over town. And we're going to throw you out to the middle of I'm 95. And in the middle of not rush hour, like a two in the morning, everybody's going 100 mile an hour. So what do you think Chris, what do you think your chances are keeping your job? You need 82 votes in 55 minutes. We got it. Now that's less than two minutes by far, but never less. It's still 82 votes is a long way to tip for every baby. And I keep 12 29. 80. I'm almost tempted to just go, just keep refreshing that baby here. Keep clicking that thing between on to a cloud, which you're killing at hour. Watch pot and never boils. I beg to do what the hell is that mean. It does burn up. You guys with your pot. David Cornwrights in New book, Tenet Bashes Cheney, be deleted. Should Americans have to pay to get the truth about how their government failed them? Former CI director George Tenet's new book is hit the voice doors for 30 bucks. But third man. A reader can find out what really happened in that December 2002 meeting at the White House. When Tenet used a phrase slam dunk, or what really happened with the pre-war WMD intelligence, and how it was used or abused by George WD Bois Dick Cheney and others. The usual promotional the anchorings are underway. Tenet appeared on 60 minutes on Sunday, and CBS had already released some choice tidbits of that interview. Meanwhile, the New York Times lines we've got a copy of the under wraps book, and reported some bits to St. Schloesures, newsflies, Cheney posted an action to war with that ever seriously examining the threat posed by Iraq. All of this was making Tenet, the man who was in charge of intelligence establishment that failed the country before 9.11, and that then produced an intelligence system that vastly overstated the WMD threat posed by Iraq, a rich fellow. He reportedly begged millions of dollars for writing this book. Oh, gag me with a spoon. But here's an out-of-the-box question. Don't the citizens of the West, is there to know what happened in the run-up to the war, and to 9.11, and for free? Tenet may feel as he claims damn lousy about the screwed-up national intelligence system that helped pave the way to the war in Iraq. We didn't feel bad enough to resign, or did it disclose earlier what had gone wrong. He sat on the story, and now he's peddling in for personal profit, to which I would say, tenet should have long ago been questioned openly by a congressional committee about all of this, though no Republican committee chair would have dared, or shouldn't have spilled all to 60 minutes to the media as a public service, not as an ed for his book. On Friday, Representative Henry Waxman, chairman of the House over-site and government reform committee, sent Tenet to let a rest him to testify before his committee on May 10. Regarding one of the claims used to justify the war in Iraq, the assertion that Iraq sought to import uranium from my share and related issues. Let's hope Tenet can take time from the book to her to appear. Tenet's a smart guy who saw much and he was screwed by the White House, even though he did feel to make sure the intelligence that Iraq was properly vetted and responsibly used. But if Tenet and Deep believe before the invasion of Iraq that Bush and Cheney were pushing the nation forward with the adequately assessing the threat, or assessing options other than the full scale of war, he had an obligation as a time to make that known. At least the members of Congress have not the public at large. He didn't do so. Consequently, he was a public a full accounting and apology not a sales campaign. That's what David Corn says. And you know what? That Corn sure is special. 1227 most. Now there's a movie that the whole family can enjoy. Deliverance. Sure. Take the kids. Take the kids along. Delivered man. See what life is like up there and it was an entry. If you want to see what the rule of U.S. is all about, which is about 70% of the country, you just take a look at the living. Deliverance. Poor Ned Bady, man. I know, isn't he Irish isn't it? Probably an Irish guy. You know, Irish guys didn't have red cheeks. Part of it because they drink a lot like Disney. Hey, Disney. Have another one, Mike. Boy, now was there. There was a guy. Wow. It's as volatile as an H bomb. Mike doesn't your buddy. I did where you are. I'm like one under his under his tutelage. Yes, I was. Wow. I feel so bad for you. I got over it. I think that's where your whole career and your whole life started going downhill. Mike, they're coming to Florida. Is that what it was? That's what it was. I think my life turned around getting out of Florida. See, they'll do wonders for you. Yeah. And when I get out. How come I can't find that drop word? So that's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Oh, I just did. From 49 on there, like I said, I think we might count these one side by each. One piece 1234. Oh, they're coming in and chunks for an outman. I think Chris has got some of his goons working on the streets on this. Everybody get inside and get on a computer and vote for Chris. See, though, the poll topic is so bad that it's not really voting on the poll question because it blows. It's pathetic. You're voting for Chris to keep his job. You know, when you're working for 50 cents an hour and every day you have to go through this kind of stress, it's not one two three four man. Remember that song by Lindbury? One two three. Vote. One two three. Vote. Yeah, but you got that in there. You don't have one two three by Lindbury. Are you, are you kidding me? Is that Barry with an A or an E? With an A? Well, then no. You know, got it? No, but I'll find two three. What was me for? 1234. I always like when we get to 1234. I don't know why. Just looks neat on there. Just looks neat on my monitor. One two three four. Now it's one two three five. Say them look nearly as, I don't know, as spiffy. So let's do that math again. 60, we need 65 most in 50 minutes. Easy. No problem. WCOM. Hello. I think WCOM should bring back the crow. What do you think? I think like the crow, you stink. WCOM. Hello. Who is he? Who is he? Yeah. Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? What? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? Wow, I thought OJ had his fill on the area yesterday morning. Now he's not going to be a regular there on our morning show. And by the way, our morning show is filled with a you. Like like a limo, you know, like a limo morning, spoke with the you know, let's start with that. It sounds like a shot. It is. What do you mean it sounds like a shot? It sounds like a shot. It is a shot. You know what I mean? Like that sounds like a shot. You guess what it is. It is. But they brought you down. And now, a song from Alex Bowling, 11 year old daughter, I heard. You are even with him. Hi, what's up? You're a big, you're a big, you're like a fool. I want you to be like a fool again. And when do we return? When four like the water Nee wh walked, My father had a littleイpo Dance of that wisdom that Посcrib could've been so shy. I hear him yell and shout, tell us we He'd be throwing weights at my college And I knew for sure he was strong I just can't get him O'er and from him When I go to swim He'd shout, you're that naughty dog He always we message is never, ever And he's just one of those men I just got screamed at by my father again You're the one who really hate me for the last time I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old But then you're a guy But then your mother's a part was paid And the two are the ones who paid When my meaner noise left that crazy fool After he called me a piggy by the fool He made me cry just to say my dear He'd hallowed at me till he got ready to eat Like a full dog in my own name I want to kiss my college display Always keep me with us for the moment He doesn't even give me Then all my pain has gone my way He should be my pain again He leaves me met him He said never, ever met He's just one of those men I just got screamed at by my father again One 18, so Matt Damon was in crash And I think our ball was when there was an air 2 When I enrolled in Burl and our honeymoon was And 2 B-Sales For 50 Chris We have 42 minutes for 50 votes for you I'll be one of them We got it We got it I told you One, two, three I've got it I've got it Where'd you find that? I had it Oh my hooker back for a kind of you I have a hook Well I would say I told you that was 1, 2, 3, 4 Max Blumathal writes the on the smirking chip Also posted the hovingman posted says Anybody care about that? Oh, just though The contrarian delusion now Hitchens poisons everything Christopher Hitchens has made a career out of Offending polite society Among his greatest hits are his observation And women aren't funny His poop pulling of the Heathythamessager And his defense of the geofolacost And our David Irving We hailed as a great historian More recently Hitchens has volunteered And himself as the liqueur of wolf which is comb Cleaning that the corrupt world bank president Did nothing wrong Hitchens has cast these seeing the Untenable positions as Contrarian lending himself not only an Irving intellectual barvado But of any of integrity as well Despite his myriad personal flaws and political Conradictions, Hitchens has managed to appear Principal by trafficking and opinions that Consistently outrates conservatives and liberals alike He poses a maverick and intellectually Macho literary gunslinger Will have nothing more than provoking the Indignant Hallows of the Madding crowd For Hitchens everything is sacred Therefore everything is for a game Those will follow the trajectory of Hitchens Career and Newt was only a matter of time before he Set aside on religion Walk better way to piss off the masses than to One leech of full frontal salt on God himself So the great fanfare and perhaps nobody Surprise Hitchens has produced God is not great how religion's poison everything An atheist manifested intended to supplement Richard Dawkins The God delusion and new age torture Phenetic, San Harris is the end of faith Hitchens spirit's no sacred cows and his latest Working black religions of former child abuse Tames Jesus Christ never lived in the cares that Those who give their children bar mitzvahs Are planning you and my destruction of all Hard one human attainments The requisite attacks on Islam so says find was new found Meocon pals are also featured in a line Hitchens book might be means for it It even bigoted little more than a Early legible squee largely with preditable arguments And a scattershot of pretentious literary reference But who can say it's author is unprincipled This is country inism right? Please God is not great represents little more than the disingenuous Posturing of a certified fraud monster Who is openly converted with the most reactionary elements of the Christian right If Hitchens had any principles at all if he truly fear And the cultural and political consequences of the Encrotement of religion and public life He would have used his still considerable influence To support organizations and causes That sure up the wall between church and state And which defend the rights of non-believers Instead Hitchens is done exactly the opposite In the fall of 2005 Hitchens gladly accepted the invitation of the Family Research Council to speak before it's with a spoon follows Hitchens since Hitchens subsequently we gale an audience of young Christian right-con raise with that ships from his book Thomas Jefferson author of America For attending Hitchens like turn participating in several similar events The FRCs with a spoon follows we see back in a credit for study At Pat Robertson's region university a school that has placed 150 of its graduates in Bush administration posts Presumably Hitchens was aware of the mission of the James Dawson founded Family Research Council how could such an intellectual Gi-Piano where the FRCs charged to quote the Judeo-Christian worldview is the basis for a just free and stable society How could Hitchens administer the FRCs many just as Sunday rally Stage and mega churches and telecrans to cross America Talk has to cross America to eventually confirmation the George W. Bush's Most theocracy minded to digital picks To line out as these rallies occurred while after a happy hour he says and how could Hitchens have been ignorant of the FRCs vitriolic who say to ban abortion and undermine gay rights Regarding FRC president Tony Perkins ties to why some premises that would like to paraphrase Scripture and say forgive Hitchens for he knows now what the hell he's doing My well-publicized reporting detailing how Perkins once purchased the Phone bank list of former claim leader David Duke for the price of $82,500 and now he had lined a 2,000 one fundraiser for the Life's and premises council conservative citizens had only been out for a few months Maybe Hitchens was too busy dancing with wolfwoods to read it But there's no excuse for Hitchens hypocrisy with release of God is not great Hitchens owes his readers and escalates for his appearance at the Family Research Council the nurse said her of a theocratic movement determined to Foundation of constitutional democracy Hitchens must explain why he accepted the FRCs invitation to speak and whether it was paid for his appearance While awaiting Hitchens response, I'll pray that in the future is version of the stray talk express Designates a driver Kup One of the most anxious Subhuman slime balls duty bags Christopher Hitchens I think he's hitching up his pantaloneys right now and getting ready to walk with the devil again 252 votes what do you think of what are you planning? 1255 45 Both needed 37 minutes should be a slain dunk all Don't be using that slain dunk crab Bring a lot of bad memories George Tenet You're more that heat yeah Slain dunk sounds like the NBA to me bad memories right Chris Okay, I'll play off season gone wrong How did the raptors do by the way they get eliminated by New Jersey? Uh, yeah, they're on the verge Uh, let me double-toe actually I know Dallas the number one I don't care about the NBA I'm just asking about my Toronto raptors Okay, I'm looking at up now Which I could care less also about you know just because they're in Toronto I mean who cares about the NBA and about to seven foot freaks It's freak ball and they've basketball. It's freak ball. That's not a series three to one and they play tonight. They're what the nets are up three games to one so they're playing So they're playing the NBA tonight. Where's that game in the New Jersey? I hope no it's in Toronto You should go. Oh, it's in Toronto. Oh, what was us? It's just a game in the air. You know what's high said us? And here the crowd yelling go raptors go up and down the court. No, you can't they not They have no chant they have no cheer they have no they have no nothing. I have no history I'm going to go to the court 20% of his goals in the playoffs Oh, there's acid ticket in one of the great figure skaters in hockey history Big piece ball. But unless you take a penalty right here Oh, you can do it's going back to center. They shot and it all started behind the net With a court and a let's go to battle and ended up with a court where he kept the white alive. Yeah, let's get hockey intensive here. That's really boosted up and then when Rimmer comes back from his quadruple bypass when you have himself a hockey show George Oh boy you want to be shot for letting me do that I'm sorry. I thought it was a good idea at the time But the food was sure good though all that free food is yeah In fact, you know something this is a hit to say because I hope he's okay and I spoke to him yesterday But there's pay back for your Rimmer Shopping up all that free food all that heavy greasy Oh, the waste pieces that's right all those heavy duty stakes at Ruth Chris at my great expense Man 259 votes on the pool. We need 41 mole in 34 minutes and Chris has got a big smile on his face He thinks he's got a maid in the shade Back to Kenny about the other joining us again I can't believe the genius can't hold football training That's not right I've been all sports was canceled for almost a week I was in his drawer You were doing a show the morning in 911 right? Yeah, well have your handle that I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami Holy Oh, no, I don't know anything something like that happens I might have to put sports aside for a little bit That's why I'm not going to list as long as I have to do people who are jumping to their death Our shores were attacked man. That wasn't a good situation But that's not doing single-fairy kill and spoiled old federy So let me get this right up. There's nothing more important in life than sports I don't care if my house was pointing down when my family theft inside Nothing will lift my head from their sports page Do one job security if you wait and it's sports sports If you want to wake him Spine Look at the girl's the comir I want to show you something 132 a QM we got mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock Hang from Louisville today getting ready for the derby for the big Kentucky Derby 1264 were stuck there Chris I'm trying to push that number along you only 36 more to get to 13 I'm good but you've only got 28 minutes Should be able to do that easy but I keep by hitting that thing and hitting that thing 126 there's a pair for you Chris got a pair We want him to see him but never let's 1264 I think you can do it We got it For you are foolish man young and foolish Just like I am wait till you see what's going to happen out his last half hour When we take a major hit on the phone here you watch we're going to take 80 minute phone calls real fast 567.0.560 Pound 560 the Verizon and singular wireless line You'll see in fact you'll get five dollars for every call we take How would that be if we would you sweet and cause if we paid you by the call What I put those just what you have that's just a joke Yeah, but you can't wait. Hello How are you enjoying the hockey series popular ranges How am I enjoying it? Yes, that's pretty good 30s I enjoyed a lot better for us to be nothing Yeah, I agree listen there one question would buy and write Yeah, is that a question? No, the answer I'm going to give you I'm going to answer my own question Okay, okay, okay, right the inside post is what blind? How is it? They could be at the zone of the outside post I don't play horses of woodbind so I could give a crap less Okay, you play poppin only How about your pardon? Hey, you play poppin? Hey, let me say it again I don't play the horses these days. Okay, sir. I don't play poppin. Oh, I don't play golf stream I don't play woodbind. I don't play a nearer-gantzed park. I don't play stuffy downs I don't play rocking him. I don't play finger-lacing candidate when no Call up the Humphor and tell them the rails got the big advantage over the outside. Oh my god Like that's something new. I don't even know if he's talking about the harness racing with their brothers I'm sure the need to see Let me ask you something and then the question was woodbind means going to answer his own question Wow, WCWM hello Hey, how's it going? Green. Hey, I heard you're up in broadcasting in Toronto. Yeah, um, do you know anything about the band rush? Yeah, I sure do. I like rush. They're pretty good. They're going to need to come in on it. I like rush I don't like the guy on the air rush, but that's a different one Yeah, he's got it. But anyway, they get easy thanks. Okay, see you. Yeah That's what I would think of when I was thinking Toronto is rush. Wouldn't you immediately? I get a rush thinking about it all the time 1272 on a full Chris keep your eye on a 26 minutes We need 28 votes that says barely more than one a minute if you can't do that man you ain't squat WCWM hello WCWM hello Hey, yeah, yes, sir. I love when George is in the background going. It's rep of Joe. Yeah, okay. Good. WCWM this is boyfriend QA and hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Yes. Good. Yeah, he. How you doing? I'm just hanging out scratching. Take a bite. Just one hundred bucks. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the right and singular wireless line. He's just one hundred bucks That ought to change his life when you think I guess you don't have to eat out of dumpsters tonight Don't you QA and hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. How you doing? Real good. I'll read it in meters. I just want to throw any other day that there's three foods Round rice broccoli and sweet potatoes or yams or whatever you call them I think it's more energy to digest you actually lose weight by eating those three foods I know we can't live off of those three foods, but it's really interesting. You know I'm going to get right after the shorter day of two o'clock I'm getting me some ice cream Oh boy, I think he does not sure guy took offensive that he didn't say don't do it. You're going to croak your blood sugar is going to go assuring up there He didn't do that and even you didn't do that you didn't say all you know because you gave up, you know you gave up on fat people and fully me long time ago I'm just in the mood remember that song I'm in the mood right I'm in the mood for ice cream All right anyone know why there's a good life as I love ice cream. Yeah, there's nothing you can do. It's like talking people out of heroin You just don't do it. If anybody thinks that heroin you know if there's a stronger drug than sugar if there's a more addictive substance than sugar I can't hear when I'm I know probably even the same league ask what's his name there. He's your lead Oh, he's in a couple of days with that purple arm, but that's a nasty scene there Now there's a movie Requiem pretty soon that they call and say oh that movie sucks too Neocrash was bad but Requiem for green was really bad. Although that's not going to be a lot of people talk about There's a book I guess to I guess to I guess to I think to see no is more Approproper Oh yeah, that assists the time to read so the one that he pressing side okay I'm gonna be on television so we're going to be on television Not I think there's a message and I'm moving to a very subtle that drugs are bad Very subtle message not Probably anyone on the full Chris 19 most needed 23 minutes. It is a slam dunk As George 10 of and what's his name would say AB 2 AB 2 one 1280 from bones Now you're checking one in the time you're so insecure I got 1283 I got 1283 Yama Are you 17 boats exactly? 20 minutes You're talking like you had something to do with this Like it wasn't the old legendary queen himself that pushed us up to 13 I'm just to try to save your pathetic 40 Oh give him something What? Well you're so kind See there he goes kiss my answer again That one guy that called her review that was just I feel unclean after that caught Remember the guy that old guy that was kiss in my answer about that I don't even know what he was talking about Neither I ignored it and neither did he WQAM hello I know what's going on Yes sir Hey there is no a day in the sugar You just have to think before you eat Yeah right Smuck There's no addiction to sugar right The no addiction to drugs either have to think before you inject before you snort Puts real puts there's no addiction to sugar There's another student when electro who just who just makes an ass-in-ine statement and then like you know He suck it on his lollipops or whatever he's doing there on his a working as popsicles and that's it That's the end of that and you know something probably skinny is a rail He's probably one of those skinny people though. I hate those people Real skinny skinny atlas Do you know this such a place did you ever hear such a place skinny atlas New York? No, you never heard that no it's pronounced it's pronounced Yeah, it's spelled I don't know how it's spelled it's spelled S. K. A. N. E. A. You know it's skinny But it's pronounced skinny atlas. I like that I don't know that's somewhere so low's horse ball towns and upstate New York, you know Like Geneva, Canada, Guapinian, Fredonia, Dunkirk, you heard them all Sure 12 85 we need only 15 votes to save Chris's four cent in our job Lonely pops little boy Bomb bomb bomb Brands Bomb bomb Brand Anyway, I think we're in a great way The ratings are the same as their ever-suit of wire New blue right You know A A A Bomb bomb Bomb bomb Bomb bomb Brands Little bit Little piece of Bomb bomb Brands Good morning Americans It's Paul Harvey stand by for news Abigail McGillman And elderly woman answered a knock at the door one day The only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man Carrying a vacuum cleaner I'll say it again The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner Good morning said to the end if I could take a couple of moments of your time I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high powered vacuum cleaners Go I said Abigail I haven't gotten a mic and she proceeded to close the door Quick as a flash the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open Don't be too hasty he said to Abigail I'm not going to be too long until you have at least seen my demonstration With that he emptied a bucket of horse manure To her hallway carpet If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet Madam I will personally eat the remainder Abigail step back in chuckle lince and while I hope you got a damn good appetite Because they cut off my electricity this morning Paul Harvey Good day What you've got Chris, wow, not even close, not even a one-year-old, they might slow it down. Just to aggravate you. Not that the audience would be aggravating, 1295, see their trickling and by the ones now. They don't want to have like a big explosion on there because they would be like a luck down. I couldn't have pin-pric in a balloon. What would have done for it? What word did you say? Pin in a balloon. Oh, 1295. That's exactly what I said. 1295, but we're kind of stuck there, Chris. I get that better call, Eric. You better call Eric and tell him to get his thumb off at that switch. I feel like when you're driving a car, you know, you're slam on a brake, that's what I feel he does to with some time. You're going lying, you got all the big logo on. No, no, no, no, no, no. And then all of a sudden like, I don't know, 1295, I keep hitting that view, current thing and it keeps bouncing a little bit and it comes back up. It still says 1295. We knew it only five votes in 13 minutes and said, Chris, and his job. Maybe Eric hasn't to screw it up. Maybe Josh Curtis isn't back there when his orifice. Maybe he's trying to come back. He wants to make it come back. So he can handle the QA and win. Oh, well, I mean, what is it? And you know something? I never look at that thing, even though I'm sure that Josh is doing a fine job on there because he's a good guy and a hard worker and whatever else. I got a nice girlfriend, but anyway, I looked at that last night to see if they had actually been a poll there on a gray quinting. Remember we discussed that and we said, if anybody ought to be doing the poll, shouldn't be us, it ought to be on the QMM.com and the sports nerd that you said and they didn't do the poll. They didn't do any poll. I get to keep my job. I get to keep my job for the day. How do you know that? 1303. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Woo. All of a sudden, a big chunk, a big lump. I like to think about that. Chris is a matter of fact. Big lump came in there right at the end. 1303. Looks like that thing I scraped off that hot dog. You see, you think I made that up, don't you? No, it looks like a genital ward. Yeah. I believe it. It was a growth. It was a growth on a hot dog. How in growth to look at? It was very growth. I've seen some growth things in my time. Hold me back too. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I've been around the world. I've seen some strange things in my time. Some of them unidentifiable. Some of them, I thought, like, what is what exactly is that? I don't want to get closer to find out. But what is that? There. Okay. Let me read the result. Then we'll forget to we ever did this. I apologize. Okay. You know something the fact we had through, you'll see Friday when that book comes out. You'll see we're going to have a number. Yeah. We're going to have a number. There's a prediction to live in our boys and girls. Everybody's going to have a number. Okay. Some of the numbers might be going with that. I don't see what they part there might be. But some of the numbers are going to be going with that. And then some of the other numbers like Lindbergh would be sing. We'll begin with a one, a two, a three, like Lawrence. Well, one, a two, a three. Now that you've found it. Now we're going to get to be dealing with this over and over. And you've got a number. So that's going to be part of the two. Four. One, two, three. 1303 on a pool and Chris's job is safe for another day. Boy, sure it's fun to, like, you know. It's always going to be goal oriented. Don't say. goal oriented. Set a goal and work like crazy for it. And estimated 900,000 for it. It ends. Drive our roads with suspended licenses. You're response. Question mark. My response would be even if we don't longer have the choice under. I hate this pool. I'm not forced me to do it. I don't know. 1310 now. Over the way that came true for you in the end man in the yes end. And you want to know who those people are that the fat people. Us fat people. We're going to get for each other. Is that right Chris? Yeah. I mean, I'm going to 131 dollars for this show today. It means you're still got a job. Confiscate their vehicles. Three hundred twelve. Throw their asses in jail. And maybe the rest of them too. To it in 58. What do you expect from a third world driver? To it in 42. Third world drivers like Donald Brainer. I've had most of our here in South Florida, 199. Just shoot him. 32. Finalists left him on the race. 58. I'm one of them 55. And like I said, we're going to track your ass down and look at Broth's. You'll be pounded on your door along with Xavier Swaris in his bathroom. But three o'clock in the morning. Whatever happened in the like vanish or something. Who? Xavier Swaris. I don't know. Your former Miami mayor to used to be not by mayor. It's doors kind of canvassing for votes. It's two three in a morning. His bathroom. We don't know about what the world is. He had Joe Carroyo disease. You know? Whatever happened to Joe Carroyo in that coffee canister. If you were to his wife. And last and least. We've both your license permanently 54. 1310. Well, I wasn't even close. We still got 10 minutes to go. We could have, you know, who knows what we could have done. Well, I'm exhausted. And in the U.L., I did it all for you, Chris. Your two kinds are two kinds. That's for damn sure. Do I have time to do this now, I don't? But remember the article I read earlier about the hood health road that Doug Thompson about $500 million a billion in a rack? What about it? You got to find over the latest Iraq spending bills all but I'm scared. A sobering fact right, Ron Hutchison and the common dreams.org website. The world will soon cost more than $500 billion. That's about 10 times more than the Bush administration anticipated before the war started four years ago. And nobody can predict how high the tab will go. $124 billion spending bill that President Bush finds to be though this week. It includes about 78 billion for a rack. With the rest of your march for the war in Afghanistan, the Fedwin's health care and other government programs. Congressional Democrats in Bush agree they can't let their dispute over with draw a timetable, blocked the latest cash installment for a rack. Once that political fight is resolved, Congress can focus on the president's request for $116 billion more for the war in the fiscal year that starts September 1. The combined spending request will push the total for a rack to $564 billion. What could that kind of money buy? And then it goes on. This is where Doug Thompson saw on stuff from. Remember he had all those stats in there about the dollar. No, I don't know how to judge. He stole it off from this story from a twenty news papers. But that's okay. We loved Doug Thompson on the last, you know. I mean he's risking his life doing it if they're just sticking a bunch of numbers in there. Is that interesting? How we just fell into that? Amazing. Like a bucket of stuff. Not as amazing as the fact we bought up a 13 ever-loving boats, not only on a 13-12, not only on a Tuesday, but also in the beginning of the dog days after Pace-off and Easter when half of the town is a van Lusman and believe me they do. When it's out they all bail out. I mean big time. Oh, let us out of here. Please, please crack a please. So I think that's like I said Friday you're going to see the result of all this. You're going to see a number somewhere between. That's what I'll pray to. Yeah. And one. Oh, 153 a QA. I mean, and morning show, boy talk about it. Oh, it's day. Oh, my amy child. Don't forget to mail my tacky job out of the way. George, very important. Okay. What? You heard me. And now back to the Kenny and Bosch Show on 5.6. You ate. You're home. You're home. Headquarters for the speech in here. I'm not. I'm here. I get to believe again. I'm a girl. Dude, we got JJ on the phone. Okay, but first I want to say hi to my mommy. Hi mommy. Look, your circles are ready. Oh, again. Hi, my gravity. Oh, wow. Yeah, wow. Do me too. Don't take it. What? What? Uh, it's a. I got to use that. I'll pick up over here. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. And open this pool. Okay, thank you. You can go home now. I can go home now. Hey. Hey. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Coming up now. We got a special guest. Boy, me, Matt. Who's he play for? Oh, he's not there. Sports related enough. Don't. They're noisy. But like I said, the boy, me couple will be joining us through us to discuss and the hot-baceless normies. They're easy couple. They're couple. Like Ted Co. It's so cold. I'm couple. Apple will be on tomorrow. Whoa. Look, we have an online. It's poopy. Fibon. You. What's going on? It's uh, the big hand is on the 12th part. Top. You know. Yeah. And the little hand is on the. What? Yeah. I think it's time. Great. Don't tell George what's going on. You know, I actually left myself like 15 20 seconds short on. How many? Uh huh. Now what are you going to do? Don't forget to mail that package. I won't. 18. I'm gathering stuff for it. So tomorrow. I see. Good stuff. Whatever. Sticker, whatever you want in there. Well, within real. Anyway, 13 18 on a pool. And the good news is for Chrissy keeps his job another day. another day another two hours and 75% in the two Bye bye bye