So high. President Bush continues to urge Christians. It's a shareable trade much. Not days or weeks. The war and the war get from old. I'm a mortgage just for come old. When the 10 thousand attention wasn't a pay attention. Watch them and the wood was stopped. I got them up to my eyes. I'm a child husband, I'm a high-end. We need a well-bought shenanow when the solution After dancing, what the stop us are. The stop us are. The stop us are. The stop us are. The hair was pulling news. The sea was moving. The stop us are. Everything is just happy they said. Because the such joy. You're just such joy in the dance world. Right. Let's get to the important stuff. Let's get our priorities. Let's get our ducks in a row. There's another stupid expression. Whoever saw a bunch of ducks in a row. Just the board of... Did you really? Let's have a walk. The mother duckling duck and the little. And then they walk. The crosslings are all in a row there. They're in splat. They're all in a row like me. Maybe this one is so yummy. We get splattered up there in a highway. I don't know what that's all about. I'm just not a duck guy. I'll look ducks are cute. They're fun. Although not the certain kinds of ducks. Like the ones you're talking about. We're little ducklings follow my crosses. That goes in the floor to mutant ducks. No. There's ones that like skate from per normal. Droppings all over the place. No. Those are the easiest ducks. Of course that's a Florida thing. There's a lot of nasty cram in Florida. A lot of that cramp. Although here we got pigeons speaking of cramp. Oh brother. You want to see out on my patio. In fact, you know something? If I ever decided to take the magic leap. Who was I talking to about that day today? We were talking about, oh yeah. With a mutual friend of mine. And we were discussing that that's probably not the really good way to commit suicide. Not that there's a good way. Not that I'm suicidal. All the money I sure was. Monday was like close to it. Monday really gave it some thought. But if I went out on the patio and put like one leg over the railing there. That would be probably the last thing I would see would be all the pigeon droppings on my balcony. And not only did the pigeon crack bug me, but the way they, oh cool. That, oh those horrible sounds they make. Now, cool cool cool cool. You know, whatever the hell they're saying. Which really isn't very nice. Now, I think it would be like tidbilliums in my aging years. And what has been all of my time shooting pigeons with BB guns. That's what he used to do outside Fenway Park tidbilliums. This splinted splitter. What are our fish head is still frozen or what? I was speaking of that. You know, yesterday and I did check it out. There is no cold stone cream. We can't really get it. And they're not looking for like individual. What's that was that? Oh. Huh? Sorry, didn't mean to send you a scary fact. No, just it sounded like a little fire alarms. It was not the usual. That kind of a beep. Why is it ever kind of a beep? Oh, no. And let's see what it is for the pool. Oh, here we go with the pool. Ah, it's ye's mario. So we deferred what we got. We have air freshener maker. Well, mario, you were good guy. In freshener. So, okay, freshener. I'll tell you a fart sound, but we can't. People say that they're not in the air freshener. So, we have air freshener maker. Well, mario, you were good guy. In freshener. So, okay, freshener. I'll tell you a fart sound, but we can't. PSI would never be able to make an air fresher to make soft Florida smell good. So, when you say that again, the stench of calmanor is the mad dog would say. It's just permeating to the air. Ooh. Fetch. So, what was I just about to say about the ice cream? Cold stone cream we are not here. And they're not looking for it. Because I thought it would be really good franchise thing to get into you. Yeah. But it's not. Well, it could be. But they're not looking for that. They're looking for like people of that lot of experience. Like in the ice cream business and marketing. Yeah, people who are already in that kind of business. So, it leaves me out. What the other one? About that crap. But it's just kind of like something good. Like a good scam. The closest one to here where I'm sitting right now is Amherst in New York. And it's also one in Rochester. I guess when we're across like Ontario and be Rochester in what? Two, three days. Okay. I'm one of my rubber rats. Like those people on how and they're all this morning. I don't know why they made such a big deal out of that story. Is that unusual? Is there people coming in, huh? I must have missed it. Or raptors. How and they held beach, baby. Don't let me forget to get my ice cream stories. Very embarrassing. But I don't mind. There's no one here. When you work for this company, there's no such thing as embarrassment. You know what I mean? How and they held beach. In other words. Oh, hey. As many as 100 migrants aboard a wooden sailboat landed on the city's beach this morning. The boat landed ground a short distance from the beach and how and they held beach full of art and a one day around seven o'clock this morning. TV camera showed a number of passengers jumping out of the road. Surveying the rough surfants from the short distance to the nearby shore. Some appeared weak to surrounded and seasick. Oh, maybe they just came off one of Mickey Arson's cruises. That might explain it. It was not a me. They know if the rainy injured in the voyage or the landing. Coast Guard was called in local police at the scene. Initial estimates had as many as 150 people on a rickety old wooden sailboat. Now they're saying about 100. As many as 100. Could be like a lot less than that. When I say as many as 100 could be. Not 30 men. It could be a lot less. They think they can die for a minute. Well, there's hankers on the scene in now. The US is holding five Iranians. Wow. Okay. Let's get to the pool. None of that. I got a very interesting. Email that came in last night. I think it was last night. Yeah. One of our my space people David David. They just got married a short time ago. Two. What was his wife named Christine? What a friend's there on his page. Well, what does that usually tell you? Or like Josh said he only has friends that he knows in real life on his friends page so that a lot of people that do that. Well, but there's a lot of celebrities on there. Right. So when I see somebody, it's got a profile page and it's got all these celebrities on there. Like almost no real people. It tells me either. A, this is somebody who doesn't have any friends or b. It's erasads. Say one of those things. I don't know. But anyway, thanks David. I'll get to your thing in a minute. Here's the pool from yesterday. 13, 153 vote. My idea of an ideal vacation. I can't even read that. I don't like the way it's awarded. My idea of an ideal vacation is getting off to another country. 350. That's my idea. And boy, it's not long now. All of some of us going to be going on vacation really, really soon. Like today is Wednesday, March 28th already. And starting for the answer next week, some of us going to be heading off to have a really fine time. It's going to be very, very nice. Trust me. Practical island to 126. Cross country excursion 115. Like maybe a trip to Uma, Arizona. Maybe pick up a hitchhiker right away. Staying hungry and being watching TV. Those were really the days. I'm sure a lot of pumps today. When you talk about picking up hitchhikers, it's almost like an alien idea. Right? Because today you have to be a crazy person to pick up a hitchhiker. Because they're all like, you know, drug use and criminal. As a looted. Slime balls. Back in the days. I don't know what murder is right. All of these things. What's upon a time? You could actually pick up hitchhikers. There's never like people trying to go from someplace to someplace else. Sometimes it turned into an interesting relationship. If you catch by drift. I'm sure you do. Staying home, picking beer, watching TV, how boring. 114. Especially the drinking beer part. You know. Vegas to see no 95. So hey, Neil, do you go to Vegas anymore? Let's hear about those penny slots, Neil. Thank God that I'm perfect. I'll get to that David's thing in a minute. I'll pat myself on the back. Seek rose 89. Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone, 86. A beat 63. Skie-Wiz or 61. I still don't get that whole. I don't understand it. See with me. I mean, as a kid, of course, growing up and up state in New York, we had lots and lots of snow. If you know, if you have to snowball fights and stuff like that, you go a lot of sledding. No, yeah, I had a little sled. Yeah. It was like a little, a little pansy with a sled. And was it a fun? No. Oh. I hate this pool 47, 3.4%. No, because you keep falling off and then you can see the snow is cold and wet. I know the current is right. But snow is cold and wet and it's not really as much. There are people say, oh, I'm going to see snow for the first time. Wow. Yeah. Big deal. You can have it. And you should be interested in knowing there is no snow. After yesterday's, uh, bomby temperatures here. There is no snow. It's all gone. No wintertime left, at least here. All the way to me. Let me take a look. I think I'm wrong. You know where that I think I see some? Yeah. That's not, it's a white roof. I thought maybe it was snow. I was looking up on the roof. Thanks again by the way, chicken egg. Pretty great. Seedy. What a trostot. The crying change. Whatever. I might just play. It could be warm love today. I was so hot to try to get that. And one of my people out there on my space. Hey, you can get it from amazon.com. And I went on the yesterday and ordered it and I expressed expedited international shipping, but it would be a bit of a good but above. And it's probably going to show up today in tomorrow. And then like two hours later, I get the FedEx package from chicken egg that I get every week with his disc. And with this inverse other assorted sundry craft. And then there is, uh, the crying change. The exact one I just, well, it's only 23 bucks. That's about 10 seconds. It would buy it today. Today's wood vine Wednesday, by the way. Do I sound less than excited than thused about it? You could be a little bit more a slapstick today. It's a vine Wednesday. Yeah. All right. Big deal. Boo. Boo. Okay. Again back Vegas 15 or 95. Speaking of that. C. Cruze 89. Whether or not Frankie Ford. Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone. 86, like almost anywhere. As a matter of fact. I mean, I just added that I'm belishing a little bit, but then you know me. A beat 63, excuse me, is worth 61. I read those. I hate this pull 47 only. I'm like, what is it? I'm like, what is it? I'm like, what is it? Why is it? It's like you're going to be like that. And we forgot to ask the audience this morning. You like it? Yeah, they like it. Can't be out 45. A theme park 23. Visiting relatives 22. Fet. And it's safari 17. It's safari. You're fair. Oh, brother. I don't know what that. I just, well, you know, to each his own. People have different taste. There are people want to go on vacation and you know do all sorts of perverted wonderful things, which is great. That's right. And speaking of that, what's that big fat tubby guy in Hylia that sends us all those spazzing spazs? Okay, I don't know. He sent me last night a comment to approve to put on our MySpace page. And it was, I don't even know if I can describe it on the air. And it wouldn't go through. They must sense it some of the stuff. It was a huge video of this little dog. And it was like, try the, there was another dog. There was a box. And he was trying to hump the other dog. I say. I don't know what all whipped up into a friend's in. He did. I don't even know if I can say it on the air. I've never, I have never seen anything like it in my life. And I'm so disappointed that it wouldn't go on there. Maybe maybe he'll try sending me again spazzing spazs because that's got to go on there. And the dog did his own, um, how do I say it? I don't know where you're going. I know where he was going. It was right between his legs. Another way he's getting all excited about trying to hump the other dog. The other dog had no interest. Oh, he did a run Jeremy. He did it. Well, no, no, no. No, no. He was really well. He was like, uh, well, he did it. And he was like, Oh, I love it. But it's a part of this pa. Oh, really? Yeah, a really. I say he did it. It was a part of this pa. But it's a part of this pa. Oh, really? I see. He did his. It was a part of this pa. I think it's. What is that all of I know exactly what it's all about? I mean, it's not only that the rest of the day. I have never seen anything like that. I bring a person. Or he got to know that. Good morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey, stand by for news. Two board casino dealers, Fred and Pete, were waiting at the crash table on a hot blonde woman walked up and bet $20,000 on a single roll of the dice. I hope you don't mind, she said. But fellas, I feel much luckier while I'm completely nude. She strips naked and rolls the dice and as they come to a stop, she jumps up and down and screams I won. I won. She then hugs both the dealers picks up her money and her clothes and quickly leaves. The dealers stare at each other, dumbfounded. Finally Pete says, well what did she roll anyway Fred says? I don't know why I thought you were watching. Now page two, Billy is riding an taxi cab when he taps the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question. The driver screams bloody murder, loses control of the cab and swirves on to the sidewalk. The driver says, I'm sorry, but you scared the day lights out of me. The apologizing Billy says I didn't realize a simple tap on the shoulder would freak you out so much. To which the driver responds, it's not your fault today is my first day driving a cab after 25 years of driving a horse. Paul Harvey. Good day. 1018 at 5. 60WQ. Happy Wednesday to know Marlon game today. Oh boy. And a poor full hours of this. No calls to either. Oh geez, I have that thing turned in the off position. I'll give you a second. How big are you, Fred? What shall we do? What shall we do? I don't know how are we going to continue. How are we going to make it all the way to a clock? It's only 1018 old bean. Here's the poll for today. And obviously we're going to make our 1000 volts really easy. This morning, by the way, was Kissy Mayan's in a very, I don't know. You're going to have to stop doing that. I thank you for hitting break sometime. I mean, here's all new to him. You know, and I told him in the beginning that it would ruin his ability to work with other people. I have the same bad habit. Okay, I'm one of those people. No, it's just one thing. Little Kissy Kissy is fine. But then people get a little bit put off by. And I know for the talking. That's right. And so I've had to be potty trained by doing that with other people and don't go overboard and Kissy Kissy. Because you know, a little bit of that is great. And it's flattering and all that stuff. But after a while, and I'll put it stuck. It just gets to be, you know, nausea and grow test. You know, like puking your guts out. But anyway, yeah, for hitting the breaks on time. I mean, I've been doing this for 100 years. Don't you understand that anybody who is a real broadcaster or even close to it doesn't. This is all very new to it. It's new to it. Anybody who's a broadcaster doesn't need some punk sitting in there. Or take some break already. We have time for the break. See, that's why I have you facts me to log every morning before the show. And I have my log here to log for those uninitiated numbers. There's a list of the commercials that run and when they run into breaks and muddy out of yaddi. And you know, you take the break. We're supposed to take the break. We take the breaks at the same time here on the show. 12 minutes after 26 after 40 and 56 every day for years. And you, it's like a fall out of bed in the morning. Like I did this morning, right on the floor. It's just ain't that hard. And of course there are some people aren't real broadcasters and they just refuse to take the break. And those are just idiots. Those are people that should be dragged out of the studio. Kicking and screaming. Kicking and screaming. Screamers. You know what I mean? You're fair. I'm not those kind of screamers necessarily. It could be though. But anyway, you're welcome. You're so easy to please. The fact I take the break sometimes. And I hope that then I use to the Hank or wherever one of our sales people. I might like him. Yeah, you might like him. Now George, if you met you've met Hank or wherever. See, I'm not not being there and thank God I'm not there. But I don't know a lot of these people. I've never met Hank or wherever. Of course I find as a salesperson. He's totally inept. I mean, I close without saying. But you're quite an aggressive. You might be a good looking guy. He's a good looking guy, but I'm not sure if he's your type. Well, what does that mean? How old is he? I don't know. I don't know. They delay 20s. Yeah, that sounds fine. A little old, but that's not too bad. And. And nothing. I just, I don't know if he's exactly your type. I'll take it. What does that mean exactly that my type? I mean, I tend to be very picky. I like that. I'm talking about that. That's what I'm saying. Well, I know that. I know that from based on the guys that based on previous experience that you have found attractive. I'm not sure if he's like quite up to your standards. Well, in that case, Hank, you better whichever little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I'm going to ask him why he's a little bit sweet. I can't find usual ones. Maybe it was Charlie B. I doubt it though. This doesn't seem to be up to Charlie's standards. For $60,000, I hate this pool. It was leading to 14.7%, but it was $134,000. That's bad. That is so bad. Almost 15%. Hate the pool. And you want it awry, because we forgot to Clear it with him before. We've had this more. I can't keep this thing going. Can't keep this. Will you let it get? Nothing worth it a thick finger. Of course that all depends on where you're even a little stick it Of what Republican 1117 for million dollars. I do that now. I would take me a lot more than that In fact, there is no price tag. Maybe a billion dollars. I'm not forward Republican and then I can just say screw everybody or maybe 20 minute Give up my favorite food for your 102 and you never let me get to my ice cream stir. Let me do that right after the pool. Okay, I'm not something I'm proud of. No, no Well For a million dollars I'd work at QAM 96 now I can't afford to pay cut 9.5.6 for a year 90 Well, I can do that for free Have gay sex 82. I can do that for free too Live it well sometimes live in South Florida 77 kill some people 64 now that's a really good choice on a pool And too bad that I wasn't Clever enough before to show to like kind of like ice-length and similar so people Some low could say and he would be one of the first ones in fact 64. No, that wasn't a death thread mode. That's just a little joke. Okay. Don't start following a what's the guy's name again? With the wife What kind of wants huh? They got it wants to be on the show Don't sure what don't sure oh Sorry Kill some people 64. I don't say that and don't sure what in the same sentence Screw him and joys school the both of them. Okay, and have a good time doing it Kill some people 65 now not view porn for a year 59 I don't know a million dollars wouldn't be enough for some people out there run at no chance not view porn for a year Uh-oh maybe for a week 59 not smoke for a year 50. Well, I don't smoke anyway, so you know for free. I can do that and get married 35 I don't know 115 vote. I don't think it's such a bad poll to you It's great. It's just fine pool. But for almost 15% our hate man. I hate them. Yeah, we hate you all you people I voted I hate this pool. We hope you would die wicked that along with some of those other people who mentioned you know I mean we're just mentioning a name. So don't don't go. I heard or sure what a rainbow I like that Yeah, so let me get let me get to this and then I'll you know after the break Uh-oh, no, let me do the ice cream thing first and I won't have to interrupt us this David My space thing Ice cream yesterday. We talked about cold stone creamery Okay, which I I will say I'm obsessed with it because I haven't I first of all I've never been into one of the places and My friend is brought home. I've been down there some of a couple of times and it's just it's just to die for I mean it's really great stuff Have you been in there actually? No, I have no But you had it. I've had it. It has been brought into me. I see and I don't really think it's necessary now. Oh, so last night I'm a squeal of fortune It did obviously was some kind of a promotional deal and the van and Pat were eating The ice cream cold stone creamery. They were promoting it and at the end of the show there they're in the both eat Oh, this is really got Yeah, shut up down there. Plus so after a 10 to one on the brawl game came on yesterday The Marlin game which means when the audience went goodbye, which wasn't very nice and I I would say by One o'clock I was already fully clothed and out the door and on the way to my neighborhood super market to buy me And I don't know well whatever. I was just looking around and another ice cream fit you know And what did I see in the and the cooler and the freezer there in the ice cream place Bryers score SKOR just like the score candy bars man is that good stuff Mmm, that is just and I totally I would usually hate most of like the Snickers ice cream is crap for the end ends The candy ice cream is most of them are really garbage very disappointing milky way. Yeah, you know I like those candies, but I the ice cream they make a heart horrible horrible But the score happens to be a really needle flavor and they don't have it in pints Which is probably you know not a good thing for me. So I didn't buy a pint about a lever They don't have courts here they have leader. We figure out is a leader more than a court I sure hope not. Oh, I better look it up during the break. Yeah, look at it because we're not be discussing to have more than a court of ice cream I have actually I'm not gonna go into it. It's too embarrassing Too light now about half gallons. Oh, boy. Well, I mean Hey, I'm a pig. What can I tell you? I'm addicted to it. It's like drugs The more sugar we can burn you on that's right. That's me So I got me to take me to your leader. I did a score. I scream and it sure made me feel really really good And then it sent me right to the that magic room there for a very wild experience But nevertheless well has that habit of going right through you 912s we've all done a poll today. So thanks to everybody for my cold stone fix yesterday And I'm probably being a dog better comb a bi love in a club After a ama Tell me my video present, Peter Montkita, sing along song. Over 60 of your favorite sing along songs, I'm through a fun loving video or DVD. Let's all get drunk tonight! I hope I don't mind with the fun tonight. So we're all not the first in. Let's drink a very first night of this song, man. This is an exclusive TV offer, so call them all for this priceless collection. Sounds like a play of the May 10, 33, 27, before 11 at 5, 60, WQAM. 935, this is a show that puts the cue in QAM. No question about that. So anyway, last night I get this from David. He's one of those people, I don't know. Back at the beginning of my space. He was one of these guys that thought he was a real comedian. He used to like stuff that he thought was very funny. Everybody thinks they're a very funny and real comedian. And most of them are not. Not. Nice. Right. But he's kind of like, I guess. Maybe since he got married, I don't know. I have no idea. I'll opt for you probably. He's in the same Petersburg David. And this is what he says to me. And this is not a big, you know, it's just, it just sums up what happened on Monday. I'm going to show and kind of like change my whole attitude about the show, about my life, about this company, about everything in general. He says yesterday's show Monday was exhausting to listen to because of those jackasses calling. It was the worst I have ever heard you. You sounded like a beaten man. It is astounding how you can rebound and come right back today. Meaning yesterday. It is astounding, isn't it? Yeah. Well, that really not for those of us who know you. I know you to be very bouncy. Yeah. I'm real bounce to be. Yeah. How can you continue to work for such, virtually people is amazing. But why to near this part of David's goes to sure nothing is perfect. How you can continue work for such, virtually people's amazing and attestimate to your agent for getting such a lucrative contract. Oh yeah. My agent, why was on the phone with Monday evening for an hour and a half, screaming and yelling and just screeching. You know, I'm not only once in a blue moon, do I do stuff like that. This screaming my brains out. Have I heard back from him? No. Did I get an email? A phone call, a message in a bottle, a bunch of cold stone creamery from a Rochester. Oh, by the way, so I'm on our way, but I'm Rochester for those. See, I could do that. Like maybe this weekend, I'll take a trip to Rochester just to go eat ice cream. I told Stone and now I'll come back cold and stone and in a box. But anyway, it's good stuff. Anyway, he says, I remember a time when you had real colors. So far, that station is falling, keep catching the checks and try not to get in Joanna. Kindness, personal regards. That was nice. It's nice. It's very nice. That was nice and stuff. I get from some of my other close personal friends on there who are really, you know, I'm talking about. Right. I thought you already had a man, Jada. But anyway. Right. I guess it's not that much sense in talking about what happened in the past. I was like, I said, the, the, the, the line in the sand. Just just to continue my sanity. And in the, back when we started with the whole my space thing in all I Jacob business and I came on the year and totally totally out of character for me. And went through all that personal emotional trauma and crap on the year. I mean, that was a devastating experience for me. I go and ask me why, you know, I won't ask me. Huh? I worked. Why? Why? I didn't give you the answer. I don't know why that bothered me so much. I just, I was a novice in that whole thing. And of course, I've stuck in there just like the thing with the show. I hang in there and I, you know, continue plotting along and sooner or later you find some really great people on it who turned out to be really great friends and very supportive and like yesterday that helped to turn this whole show around. Getting, you know, all those messages and all this other, uh, pat on a back and we'll slap any ass and back and kick in the end. That's what you need. Sometimes we go kick in the ass. Sweft kick in the ass, baby. Can't hurt. Especially when you're an old troll like me. So thanks David, that was a very nice. Very, very, uh, oh, like I said, very nice. That's what I was trying to say. When you think, it's a what? You said you sounded like a beaten man. I think that sums it up pretty well. I'm in like, I told you yesterday, there were actually times on Monday a couple of times. When I just felt like I wanted to get out, well, I mean, felt close. I've talked about it before, but close to getting up and just walking out of here and saying, okay, it's all yours. That's it. Now why would anybody in his right mind? And of course, that's that's what I would have experienced. That's right. Mine. I mean, leave me out on that. But why would anybody, you know, walk away like this guy says from such a lucrative contract and all that money, uh, you know, and because we, because this company doesn't care enough, well, they're online. They're the, they're the antithesis of hallmark, you know, hallmarks for a year, 100 years. They're, uh, slogan has been, we care enough to send it. When you care enough to send it very best send a hallmark reading card, you know, these people don't care enough to send anything much less to very best. They won't make it in effort. They won't let the finger. And so I think it's good that I stopped taking the calls for another reason because it gives me time to sit here and just ramble on and just read them and ask that they so virtually deserve their honest sectibles, what they are totally unacceptable and then they don't get it. They're too stupid even realize it. And when Josh Cortis tells me that Charlie Joe Bell took him to lunch a couple weeks ago, it said that until the amount of one player between was going here on QAM, I thought to myself, well, there's only one thing that I saw that. That's right. I'm not really sure where we started, who we should first, maybe Joyce would be a good idea. Oh, he's threatening Joyce now on the air. First it was done. Sure, what then now it's Joyce. Right. That's my choice. Oh, and, uh, and not in line with that totally separate topic. Oh, brother. See, I look at that and it's like a sick comedy show for all the dead and maimed people in the fact that, you know, we've done all these horrible things. Grow test stuff going on. And if we're at for that, it would be, uh, I guess I'm using. But you look at that and you think of yourself. We're treating. Oh, yeah, trick or treating. That's what they're doing in a rack. Trick or treating. Mostly tricks. Not good ones either. 945 votes on a full. So anyway, after Monday I decided to give the phone a long rest because we've got, you know, and again, it could be amusing. And one day once they'd read, well, we've had days in the last couple of weeks. Or, you know, we just did it with the phone, or been some people that had something to say that we're either interesting or amusing or laughable. Or a little chocolate, but it's not worth it. It's not worth it. I'm not going to take 31 years that have worked in this market and go out like some kind of a fool. Like some kind of a cloud with a one share, which is what this station has got to say. Well, on a way to doing. And take a look at the people you're talking to. You wasted your time and you were clear. And yesterday talking about the Don and Roberta Sherwood or wherever those people are. Well, what's, what's even the point? You could talk to the wall and get a better response. Well, it was the thing that was doing that the auto erotic behavior that we told was, I looked, I still haven't seen it back. Spaces still looking for it. I guess maybe the dog is looking for it. That was one of the most bizarre things I had ever seen. I thought I knew something about dogs, you know. I mean, I had a dog that had a fluffy blanket that he was very affectionate to. You know, like that. I don't know how he got a graphic. He was, yeah. But this dog was like, like a poison. He just got emotionally overwrought, you know. 1952 votes on the pool. Fuck me on Monday. I got emotionally overwrought and I had to like step away step back and take a look at this whole thing and say to yourself, Am I going to let five morons, five lunatics, a half of those whatever it is? Destroy the show and destroy my life and my brain, whatever I got left. And the answer was absolutely not. No, not going to do it. And even if we had to play a music here, you know, like the crying shows. Thanks again, chicken. They were so good. It's really sad that you know, a group that was so good just though they were hearing gum. Just like that. Yeah. Like what? Just like a raspberry. What would have been good some raspberries on my ice cream, on my score ice cream? Wouldn't it? Yeah, I don't like raspberries. But why not? It's one of the things you know. Proofs I don't like. You know, like fruit? No, no, I like all fruit except for raspberries. Raspberry is a great nasty. Whatever it is, that's fine. Strawberry strawberries are great to love strawberries. Blueberries? Blueberries are a little bit more. Blueberries are a little like him. What? Hutterberries? They're like the firm wild blueberry they're good. And the firm ones. How about the lifeberries are good? Oh yeah. They want to turn into a racial thing, but man, the blackberry are two and the off. But what's in the game? They need another five points to come to the square. They're the best. What was the place? Yeah, here's out of wet. And it's easy. I believe I'm going to win. And it's dark time, you know, it's your way of eating that real. You and the office crowd. Still the final four is going down. And you're hoping you're that sound, but the grandnacation clean the floor. Well I guess if you win, would I, who didn't cut for yourself? But song is done just now. And picking random could be wise. That would catch but just my doubt you would spend it to go. And choosing nonsense, what just gets them might be smarter. How much worth of try. You ain't done anything and worth yet. Which busy feeling, breaking it down. But we're much better than scums around. No one fool around. I got to get back to work. I'm going to get back to work. Okay, well, it's 10.4614 before the RQM. I got a very time-synarded old day. I'm just excited about that. Yes, I am. I don't want to people to think they just because I'm shutting the phone down for a while for like, next 400 years that I'm going to sit or read. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, read the newspaper. We did it. We'll be way too much. I don't want to overdo that. In fact, I'd rather sit here and he rack you laid. If I can see that. Maybe that's what that dog was doing. I just check. I keep checking during every break to see if spasings, spasings. Has recent me that you... Cube! A video. It was a very amusing. Great was astonishing as what it was. It was shocking, I think. That would be the word I was shocked. And then after you think about it, it was amusing. It was like coming into work in this place. It's shocking. And then you think about it on payday. And it's kind of like... I'm using it. At least my check did show up on Monday. That was the good thing that happened on Monday. I can't think of anything else good. The fact other than I did not jump off the balcony. Not a good way to do it. I was discussing that with... By the way, happy birthday Dave. I called our mutual friend yesterday. And of course I had forgotten that March 27th was his birthday. And he said, didn't you call for another reason? Like after 20 minutes of conversation. And I thought, see, March, are you happy birthday? I'm just not really great on some of those things. You know? Yeah, use the old electronic calendar to take my way through. Do you? Well, and you'll be pleased to know that all the cold stone cream Your ice cream is certified kosher. It's kosher. Oh, which I'm sure means it's kosher from Paceoff too. So you're very started to go cold stone, which is generally how he looks anyway. But every now and then I do have some stuff here that I want to pass along. Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue, he's one of my very favorite rights. Because he opens up a mouth and he tells it like it is. He doesn't hold back. It doesn't care... Yeah, I'm not the fact that they're going to come and drag his ass away at three in a morning sunlight. And we'll never hear from him again. He says Senator Chuck Hagle, a conservator Republican who broke ranks with George W. Bush over the field of Iraq War, says senators on both sides of the political aisle now talk openly even peaching the president. All right. Any president who says I don't care, I will not respond to what the people of this country are saying about a rack of anything else. Right, no care what the Congress does. I'm going to proceed. If a president really believes that, then there are what I was putting out there a ways to deal with that. Hagle said someday, they may be seized this week with George Stefan Topos. Hagle is mentioned in impeachment before, but this is the first time that he said others on the Hill are talking about throwing Bush out on his corrupt ass. Oh, look at that. Here's a Norman Kent setting me a message. Well, listen that great from my crack agent. Okay, anyway. Sadly, Hagle and others may now realize that the only way to deal with a power man desperate like Bush is to impeachment. Bush is made of clearly as no intention of honoring the will of the overwhelming majority of people who want to America out of Iraq. He has no intention of obeying the law upholding the Constitution. He's never even displaying an ounce of civil human decency. Senate Democrats, Bush is an out of control man man, a crazed dollar driven by a lust for power and in saying beliefs that he's serving the will of God as he leads a once-great nation into the abyss. He has more dangerous to the security of this nation than any Islam spotting terrorist or Middle Eastern dictator. The president talks of defeating the access of evil is in self the embodiment of evil. He able. The Muslim extremist who called the US a great Satan aren't all that wrong. We're a nation currently led by a political Satan that devil with a draw a Satanic cowboy who's taking this country into hell. Non-binding resolutions won't stop a desperate like Bush. Neither will withdraw time tables that can pass the house, but don't stand a chance in the Senate. And if by some miracle actually passed both houses of Congress couldn't overturn a certain veto. It's too late for political posturing and legislative remedies. Bush must be stopped and he must be stopped now. He must be removed from office by the swiftest legal means possible. That means impeachment. Absolutely. Nancy Pelosi must take the shackles of members of our own party who have already drawn up articles of impeachment against Bush. She must allow those articles to be introduced. So the house can send Bush to trial before the Senate. Yes, I realize that impeachment, conflicting Bush would hand the president's zero-advised president Dick Cheney the cold, callous mastermind of much of the record policy, but we must deal with one desperate at a time. The survival of the nations that stake in that survival may well depend on the swift removal of George W. Bush from Orifice before it's too late, right, Doug Thompson, you vote, Doug E. N. Slam baby. And vote will send you flowers, okay. Whenever that funeral is a favor, and that's where it holds is. Okay, and if you want to share, we decide here whatever normal normal can't hang normal. You're fairy. You bet let's bring everybody inside. Now let's see, what is this, is this to me? Oh, this is, this is from Joe Bell. This is the response from Jolly Joe Bell. I also be glad to be here. I've been beat by the book for the past. I'll be late today, early tomorrow, before I can put this together, I'm leaving the station where we turn until middle late afternoon. Feel free to call on me if you wanted to discuss. Absolutely nothing. Absolutely positively nothing. Will be late today, I guess that I'm assuming yesterday, or early tomorrow, before I can pull this together, you have pull this, Joe. Jolly Joe. But it beat by the book, but above and nothing. Absolutely nothing. You know, I could easily, I'm Monday, seriously, just got nothing walked out of here, and throw 31 years down the toilet. And this is the kind of management. This is the kind of concern that Beesley broadcasting in Jolly Joe Bell, who wouldn't know what we're talking about, from his ass. This is the kind of concern that these people have. It's like where the jox draft, it's like sliced at the ass in, and just, you know, then holding up and together. I mean, not going to get much support from that baby. See, I mean, notice how I sneak this work from out there. Uh-huh. Jaxfetch. See, I know well, I would say my butt ass is buttered on. 9807 votes on the poll, so that was very informative, normal. I told me absolutely nothing that I don't already know, and that is that they don't care, and they're not going to do anything. And I'll just continue following my way along and take in a money. That's all I can do. That's all we can do here at WDQN, because these people, as they say, in Ethiopia, garnish telphin man, not in the helps. 988 on the poll, we're going to be dangerously close to 1000 by the end of this hour. Wow. Holy rat man, holy rock man. And how come all those are not smart? You know, that that's my name, and he grew not smart. No, I did not. Well, now you do. Of course I do. But I'll talk to you. Learn something moving for a million-poor time-tain informative on a show. And the price was right too, it was free. For our new mouth contents out there. Oh, junior, when George coming out of the closet, new, same old tired crap, you know. So boring that it could put a Mexican jumping mean into a deep coma, for I'm a very carry shivalry like coma for 1000 years. But anyway, here's the poll results so far, and I'm this poll's not excited either. And now all of a sudden this one's frozen. It's like going to the Dan Venice again, we keep getting frozen man, 988. I thought we'd be the zoomed up to a thousand real like look at these split or I can't say that. Look at these split. Yeah, good joy, you see. Take it to your belly, or show us up again. For a million dollars, I would, I hate this poll's up to 15% 149. That's just not being nasties, what that is. That's the South Florida F in way. Just being nasty. Assuming you of course, that I would be care about that, I don't care if 90% that I hate this poll. Because far, be it for me to have to ask, you like it? Like they're permission, whether, you know, they're going to like the poll before I put it on or not too bad. We just go ahead and stick it on there, and if you like it or not. For a million dollars, I would vote Republican 1, 22, no chance. Four years after this war began, give up my favorite food for your 112. That would be a good incentive, I think I could give up I stream for a million dollars for a year, and it would probably keep me alive for a while too. Work at WQA, I'm 16. I not have sex for a year, 100 for a million bucks. I don't know. I think that's just not enough. Maybe for like a hundred million. And of course, in my stage of life, when you get to be disabled, you can't afford to be like pass up a whole year. If you're some young punk, you know, for a year, I guess. Wasn't that that movie that Josh or what's his name was in, one from Halloween part 85? Heartnut. Okay. 40 days and 49ths and 40, whatever. He's a non-life. For a million dollars, I would not have sex for your 100, have gay sex 93, and like I said, I'll do that for free. Right here in the studio. Women's have Florida 82, kill some people 68, not a few porn for a year 65, likely story. Maybe a hundred million. Not smoke for a year 54, I guess George couldn't do that. All the time, what we're talking about, Schmolk. Not smoke for your 54, and get married 37. Now let's see, I'm trying to figure this out. For a million dollars, I'd get married 37. So that being on the bottom that's another word that's the worst choice. 93 would have gay sex before they get married 37. Yeah, I'm trying to figure, maybe that's why they hate the polar. Can't figure out what that means. I'd like to get. Because in other words, for the more votes that it's got, for a million dollars, I would do, yeah. The least votes it's got is mean it's the least likely they would do. I'm trying to figure it out myself. Okay, let's take a look at that schedule. A little Marlon game today, which is really kind of, when you come down with my keeping audience through the afternoon. We got mad dog at two, power hour with Hank and a mad dog together four to five. The hump are at the Yentacenter, while at the Bank at Ladics Center. And I'll see, is that that's the Yentacenter, isn't it? That's the a panther place. Am I right? I can't keep him straight anymore. Yeah, I don't even know. Chris? Yes. Hank is going to be doing sure that's because we got a panther game tonight. Is there any interest? Are the panthers going to make the playoffs today? Any chance to make an playoffs? No. No, the least crack the crap out of our Caroline and Montfiel one last night. The panthers have two chances of making the playoffs. None and much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much less than none. Zero. But anyway, the panther preview with seven o'clock panthers and the thrashers from at Ladder, seven thirty ought to be tremendous interest in that followed by game night with Jesse Agro after the Hockey Game all the way till midnight before we go buy by go Betty by. And then he has to be in radio at midnight when we invite everybody to say so long It's transmitter maintenance time. Hold on, your show. Thousands and six votes. This is your point. I think like any questions. I don't know they hate the pool. Thousands of people. They hate it. But they like it. One. One. One. One. All you will be sending the wine up to the feet of the bush. They will be playing a little cleaner. Better to go all your feet. Find your second container. And then you will be able to clean up. The panther is main half of the wheel. The panther is pretending to crack with the thing that's looking at. You might have seen the regime in the game. When you're getting to find the forbidden thing. No, we'll be missing. No, we're getting to find the water. We'll be missing. We'll be missing. We'll be missing. Better to go all your feet. Find your second container. And then you will be able to clean up. We'll be missing. We'll be missing. We'll be missing. Better to go all your feet. Better to go all your feet. Find your second container. Here's the opinion. It's 11.560WQAM. Very land though. Who the hell is that? He's farmer producer with 60 minutes. And he's a very lander. He's farming produce it with 60 minutes. And it's just published a book web of the seat. The history of Western complicity in the rank from Churchill, the Kennedy do. George W. Bush. And here's an article I think might be of some interest to people who are, you know, and it's think this is more important than dancing with the stars. Although nothing is more important than that. Is it? No, what is? Dancing with the stars. I want to find a Reagan junior. The ballet dancers on there. Hey, Ronnie. You're fair. Rich in the Gulf. What we don't know, right? It's very land though. And it's always our main steam media is, you know, I've just got your reading. I've been in the working myself. I'll get back to it. I've got to put it back. I've got to go through reading the original email and normal scent to do jolly jobba. And that was today, by the way. That was not yesterday. That was today. So it's how he Joe is out until late this afternoon at a mall and the beat goes on. In other words, it is, you know, he's got another fish to fry. And it's always our main stream media is low to be putting all sides to it. It's a few days. It's far more complex than our leaders let on. Despite Tony Blair's adamant denial that the 15 British sailors and Marines captured by the Iranians were intruding in Iranian waters, comid or nick Lambert, who headed the Naval Task Force was by no means his categorical. There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that they were in Iraqi territorial waters. He said, but then in the statement he probably now regrets he continued, equally the Iranians may welcome that they were in their territorial waters. They extended definition of territorial waters in this part of the world is very complicated. Britain's former ambassador to Uzbekistan, Craig Murray, who has become a vocal critic of the war in Iraq after sending comid or Lambert statement road, before people get too carried away, the following is worth. I would as a former head of the maritime section of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, the Iranians claimed the British soldiers had straightened to Iranian territorial waters. If they had, then the Iranians said every right to detain them for questioning. The difficulty is that the maritime delimitation in northwest of the Persian Gulf between Iraq, and Iran, has never been resolved. It's not there for a question of just checking your GPS to see where you are. This is a perfectly legitimate dispute, which nobody is as far as it falls. There's nothing outlandish about Iranian claims, and we have no right in law to be boarding a Iranian or other shipping, and what well may be Iranian waters. The UN Convention on Law of the Sea carries a heavy presumption on the Red of Commercial Vessels to innocent passage, especially those through the Strait's Larkhor moves, and a Voltaire to our Leonard National Waters. You probably won't read the self-swear in these jingle-istic times, but in international law, we are very probably in the wrong, you said, as long as the Iranians need a mistreat our Marines and are worthily detend them too long, they have the right. Murray also advises the Iranians to speedily release the captured sailors. The issue, however, will be even more difficult to resolve if indeed the capture of the Brits was connected to the ongoing detention of five Iranians from the elite Al-Quds brigade of the Iran Revolutionary Guard. The London-based Arabic newspaper Al-Shark al-Ansoa, called an unnebelinary source, posted the Al-Quds brigade, and sent the seizure of the two-of-a-virtualment planned at the High Level Days in advance. The aim said the report was to take captives to exchange for the senior Al-Quds officers arrested by U.S. forces in the Abril in northern Iraq on January 11, 2007. According to another report, an Iranian diplomat claimed he had been told that the five would not be released prior to the Iranian New Year they were not. As I mentioned in earlier post-Berry, right, Iraqi authorities have also been asking for Americans to release the captured Iranians, Kurdish authorities who condemned the arrests, claimed the Al-Quds officers were operating with the approval of the local Kurdish government. If the U.S. and the Eid is evidence that those Al-Quds officers were engaged in inferior activities, why don't they present that evidence they have been holding them now since January? Problem now, of course, is to find a solution that will provide the Iranians the Brits and the Americans a face-saving way out of a confrontation that is escalating to a much more serious crisis. A crisis that will be welcomed by extremists in both Washington and Tehran. And there's Hank again. Multiple, set to take on CNN. Wow. What he's saying about multiple orgasms is something like that. That was incredible. Thousands and 17 votes on the poll such as it is. See, I'm tempted again. Force and habit. I almost started giving those numbers out again. Wouldn't that be a bad idea? Yeah, it would be. Well, I'm not asking, like, as if I'm two hundred and ten dollars in a system just to turn to that right of front. But I read that stuff there from Norma Kent and Joe Bell. I mean, it was like, what that dog was doing, you know? Well, what about we? Yeah, it's like what the dog was doing without any pleasurable sensation. That's the problem. At least the dog was having a good time. But it's like what he was doing with the same end result. Now what you have any of that? Yeah, that's right. I mean, the blind leading the blind. And of course, you know, it would be one thing if this was like some kind of a new phenomenon if this started on Monday on the show and this is the first time anybody to heard about this. How many Eons has this been going on? Who did that song? How long has this been going on? Ace? Yeah, very good. Ace, yeah, Ace. How long? I love that. Have you got it? Yeah, look at for it. You are as they say in America, my ace and the whole member that there was more bad acting by Eon. I got it right up my A5, that's three. Ace. Whole. I see. What happened to the song? There are another one here, wonder. I think Ace. Ace. How long? What do you guess the year? Just for fun. I have a city in Grinsor, G75. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. Just see some times. I miss myself. I think there wasBucket sketching and I think there was in the New York Times and Washington Post the NA times and maybe even whenever there differently in Moscow these days. It'll be in the Franking Bay of the International Heero Tribune. Rives another folks that is sorry. He hasn't heard at 100 years. Older than sawdust. How long has this been going? Say we're in that point being. So that this is the situation in fact somewhere we here I got copied maybe I should make came. I think that's true, Mike, because I got so disgusted. I'm pretty sure I threw it all out of those silly letters that they sent out. If you don't stop doing this, we're going to like come and pee on your lawn or something. If you don't cut the crap, it's very juvenile. These are not serious business people. Do you know what I mean? This is not a serious about doing business. They're just floating their way, faking their way through. They're assuming, especially this per-regime that because they came in and then we had numbers. And they're sure it was like doing 8 to 9s and 10s sometimes and then like managed and Hank once upon a time before they screwed the whole lineup up, we're doing really good numbers. They assume that they could just like take the pieces of the puzzle, put it all back together again. And by a big and like that, you know, but I've been, like Santina would say, good like make magic. Well, I think it rhymes with magic, but I think it's called tragic is what they've done. Tragedic. And I'm the one guy that comes here on the air and tells you exactly the way that it is. I mean, believe you me, I wish that it weren't. I wish it had to sit her in and talk such crap. And not through the show that I would like to do and that we ought to be doing, but of course we can't do it because this is WQAM. We can't get it done. And we're thinking about this and thinking about that. And of course, Joe, when he sits in the magic room, he can't decide what Chanda used to wipe with because he's got a pass-it-by choice first. We've got to pass it by corporate legal first is it legal to wipe with your right hand on Wednesday? Oh, what do you're left in? Or maybe alternating on Wednesdays, huh? You're laughing, but you know what I'm saying. Yeah, no, that's why I'd left. Paper tiger. Double mold without a kingdom. And as a result, we're spinning our wheels. Spin in our field. Maybe we ought to have reconcered on the wheel meat. Spin that wheel, baby. Those are the days. Trust me what I've said it those are the days. And of course, if we got now, pop head, whatever. Whatever we had there. I was going to say Disney, but that would be bad. Talk about Mike Disney, not Walt. Thousands twice we votes on the pool. Let's take a look at that result, man. And they hated. Miles under 15%. I guess that's going to be our goal today. We don't really have any number of votes that we really care about getting to because, you know, who cares about that? That's holding corny. What we do care about is getting that I hate this pool under 15%. I mean, 15% to a lot. When you say, okay, that is what's embarrassing to me. I mean, and there's nothing wrong with a pool. I think it's a fine pool. It's fine. And then speaking of that, I'm, it's a good line Wednesday. So be sure and change that pool this afternoon. I already facts it there. Right, and early this morning. Let's see if the one I put on here for tomorrow's any good. Oh, yeah, I do like this when Neil show ends early because of Marlon's baseball eye blank. It's got a whole bunch of choices. Smash my radio with a hammer, sit in the dark room and pout, and it's got a bunch of other good choices. It's a good pool. And then they'll say, hey, hey, that we hate that we hate everything. They hate being alive, Neil, because we're here. We're stuck here, yeah. Well, it's what it goes. Some of you are doing okay. And the most of you are not. For a million dollars I would, I hate this pool 152, 14.8% a dasturately number if you ask me, dasturately. What's the difference between dasturately and dasturately? No, one is a little bit more Sunday appropriate. Vote Republican, 127 for a million bucks. Not this kid. No chance in my pants. Give up my favorite food for your 120. It'd even give up ice cream sugar. Hmm. Well, that score, that prior score is so good. Have you ever had that? I think I might have. For a million dollars I'd work at QA, I'm 177. Not too long, you would though. Oh, there's those 100 immigrants coming up on sure they're in Hell and Dale Beach. Well, but anyway, it realized how, how young they are compared to everybody else that they'll turn around and go back. When I see that sea of blue here, for a million dollars I'd not have a six for year 105. I'd have gay sex 99. Living South Florida 84, kill some people 74. Now if you're porn for your 65, yeah, we believe you. Not. And not smoke for your 55, get married only 37 for million dollars. I think George must be leading the charge on Ectial. I didn't go for that. No, nobody. What did you vote for? Kill some people. Oh. I do that for free. What are you really? I don't start picking anybody in particular. Why is there going to be called? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm kind of like a slidding our lives and everybody on the radio and saying, these days. Yeah, yeah. I, yeah, that's what I mean. Why do you want to be like? I mean, people are like, they're always showing, you know, I'm trying to get that to be a YouTube man or a bent. Anyway, trust. Twelve minutes past 11 a QAM. Don't dumb as dirt. Who may I ask is the father? You've had it been dead for a long long time. There's no circus here, my grassy gold brave. People are standing in the sky. Well, when you keep the bucket, I have a temporary cry. I don't have a little sauce pretty well. You're gonna get standing in, even though how we're trying. It's a bumpy ride like the old man. Don't do a bunch of tests. I find out who's above. I'm gonna redo this. Here they're. You should be in name from the chicken of the box. Every day has a new adventure. All they used to buy rings. Rinkly, dudes with lots of name. You will wear we all agree. There's more trucks and a pharmacy. Get to be in name from the chicken of the box. It's crazy. Whoa. You gotta open the box. Get to be in name from the box. Free. You gotta close the box. And visit how we do it. Chicken of the bottle is gonna lose a can of chicken of the box. I thought that's what we were talking about last week. That chicken fillet in a box. Whatever that was all. Yeah. But we're speaking of in a box. They're starting with the poison. The fumes again. I ride. And now we're talking. I can't breathe. The skin was the best special today. How long is it gonna take for them to finish the night? I've learned it's gonna find the name. Jesus, God and Joseph are crying out loud. It's like some kind of a freaking conspiracy. They're back up on a roof again. When you got all the oil is what's up kind of poverts are doing up on the roof. I'll take that right now. How to be tart and fed to the past. Maybe that's what the tart is all about. Maybe we're tiring a feathering the rest. Maybe they got your bell up there under roof. Maybe they're gonna hang him up there. I climb right up to the top of the stairs. I should just play the crying James Rester. Yeah, I agree. What do you mean by that? I mean that way I can turn the mic off and just sit here and cry. I mean just leave. Go out in the hallway and get some fresh air. I'm sure it's no better out there. Where did this come from all of a sudden? I don't know. The it was over and done. Yes, so did I. So did I. Surprise. It goes along with the ambiance. Well, go and tell Joe Bell all about that. Yeah, he's not there. That's right. He's not there. He doesn't care anyway. That's the in his office. In fact, the shades of violetti over and you remember when we had the credit IOD the management types didn't really care because it wasn't happening in their office. So they could sit in the comfort of their air condition at office and not be choking and gagging and puking and dying and what was happening with us. They don't care about us. That's the bottom line, okay? Any of you out there. If you work for somebody that actually cares about you is a living and breathing human I think even if you're only making like four cent an hour, I think you ought to kiss the ground right now kiss it like bubble would say kiss it man right now Because most of the people you were for they just don't care about you you're a means to an end They are pimping your life is what they're doing. Is that a good way to put it sure yeah The turning your existence on the planet and Since we all have a limited existence Seriously money back into something I came I came within a whisker you had you even you don't realize How close I did I'm not talking about jumping over to bounce over. I'm just no no Hey listen, I've never even gotten out there yet much less stuck. I like all day Really I'm afraid of heights I really am really oh yeah, I'm I told you that story. I don't know why and it's started And he's on park race track and Detroit and I was up on one of the upper floors and I was standing We're by the railing and looking down and a little something like our we need dizzy, you know And what what happens when you have that what do they call it for your heights? Acrofobio. Acrofobio. Is that it? Yes? Are you trying you positive are you sure? Well, whatever it is I joy see that I don't look down. I start getting this in and when that happens You they you have to resist the urge to jump I know it sounds very strange you know because you suppose we are scared and terrified of the height and you're looking down Oh gee, I'm gonna fall but you have an urge to jump and you hold on the rating me hard and you're squeezing that metal So hard that it's almost the shards of metal are like getting into the palms of your hands, you know That sound really dramatic Okay, I think I must have been after a really bad boat race that he's a park boat But whatever whatever the reason was I was looking down. I got really dizzy and from from that day on I had never had fewer heights before my life But from that day on I became really nervous about it. I remember one time after that go to New York City Of course anybody goes to New York and I took a couple of friends whatever and we go to the top of the Empire State building Now if you ever been up to the top of the Empire State building almost to the top of the way There's far as they would let us go on. I'm not talking about on top of the antennas when you're getting ready to jump like No, I'll sing on top of the internet Yeah, I'm talking about as far as they let you yeah, yeah, yeah, where they got the hand those very high What do we call metal Wailing protector and like netting but boy. I said that that was not not a good experience for me. I look oh I kept me to tell you long way down Here's the facts that says Neo God I'm still listening, but I think you we've got your good colors Wow Oh, yeah, here we go This is what I need you we've got your good colors one more those in When you would get an actual quality cut the conversation short because it was used on some Topic your tired of the war and the cool Vegas amps to them But the news is only showing us bullish mitt the same crap over and over again So maybe you get less interesting calls, but mix it in with a few cranks and some bedtime stories You got a good balance and then at the bottom. What does it say something about man cow? What does that say? I can't read it Go mad I don't know what the fuck go gators. Yeah, what about it? Hell it says on there too, okay? Yeah, I we've doubt the good colors. That's right both of them And these people like it and like even in the midst of Monday that's your trickles. Neo, we need to have you on the ear because The propaganda the right wing it. Yeah, right I mean that that's just as nice as the people are calling going Pro that it's just as ridiculous don't you understand how stupid that is My being on the ear has got to change something the war in Iraq is gonna end because I'm sitting here talking to a bunch of mouth reading jackass Asoles are you out of your mind or what huh? No, well, there you go Get a grip on reality man get a grip on like that dog and I keep looking out for that spaz guy on there And he hasn't the try to send that thing again Then that's happened to me if not not a lot of times But they're a bit of few times when somebody will send me something from you. Oh, but a video and I'll approve it and then it won't go through And then the little thing would come out. I'll say there was a technical difficulty and approving Whatever you were trying to approve. Yeah, like that. That was that a my space thing is that right I don't know about How can they how can they censor it? They can't be reading it Exactly when they do the regular maintenance on pages That's when they take out offensive things but not before the fact I mean that we're having like a cyber family That's exactly there's not somebody there watching it while you're watching it and laughing your ass off And that would have been fun to put on it was a funny thing. I'm sure the dog thought it was fun too Evidently you seem very enthusiastic 1,058 votes on the pool That fact was very very illuminating and very uplifting and stick it with a moon on trial Okay, if I Joe Bells is you can life with both hands you can see his personal permission. I'd like that It ain't gonna happen. I'll take phone calls on issue again when we've taken care of a problem And like I started seeing before just just like line one being up for two years I mean does that show you how how fast these people are are top of these things and Joe Bell tells Norma Ken Norma Ken who is one of the worst weaklings in the history of the human race Norma, it's embarrassing to me. You want to be there sitting at Joe Bells this way now Pounding on the door screaming in yelling like the screamer that you are you fair But whatever, I'll take the money. Yeah Just butt out. That's my best suggestion just but out cuz I'm gonna change. I'll do I'll survive How many months? I would remember that time when seven months when I decided to get rid of the calls and we did find ratings were fine life was good The show was like a real show what we had here on Monday just like that David guy sent you know the David guy that got married Right and his life is probably run forever now. Yes, but anyway just like he said there Monday was the low point of My I would say of all the years have been on the air and we've had some you know there's some bad shows every now and then you can't help it Not on my end though, of course. I'm always brilliant and the legendary But on the other end that when you're in South Florida the material just isn't always there. It's weak. It's like El Martino's voice weak But Monday I think was it was is it lower you didn't go and that's why I just decided to shut that baby off and we'll see if these people really wanted Talk turkey or you know if they're just fun and I think that's all we're doing is just fun. They can't be serious They cannot possibly be serious It's just like when the guy first came in and remember last year. It's it's a little over year ago a 15 months I would say and remember how long before they did anything and I kept screaming and wailing about What are they gonna do something before the numbers drop into the minus column? What are they gonna finally realize that we've got a major serious problem over there? Right, it's a good thing they fixed on it Yeah after the audience was all gone and they were saying hey, maybe we'll put some none where they belong to be on Freest with problems. It's a story That's unusual. Freest with problems. I never heard a search of thing Not the priest that's got problems. It's a society that's got the problems because society doesn't approve of what they're doing That's the problem if society would just say hey you go ahead and alter all the boys you want pops then everything would be just Fine is why Things would be really that's right. So society has the problem Just like your belt would probably say there's no problem with QAM or their management kneels the one with a problem and then of course that damn George If we could just just get through the summertime with a few of those good tapes and bypass Problem Oh 1-067 you know something when when we had the lunch and he kept bringing the thing up about the tapes Mm-hmm and Norma kept talking about me. I'm standing my deal But only working for days a week and I'm Friday you would work and he kept bringing up the thing about the tapes Then I knew be on a shadow of a doubt. I was sitting across the table from a shirtifiably crazy for God And now that's the candy and both go on five six feet you ate Your homo headquarters for the speech in there Hey, I mean look I get to believe again Good dude. We got you on the phone. Okay, but first I want to say hi to my mommy Hi mommy look your circles under radio again Okay I got to use that Uh No tennis days will build now Yeah You Was you Related and that stuff that was easy And like I said, the baby couple will be joining us to West and discuss and the heartbreakers Norby. It's a couple, they're a couple, like Ted Kouple. It's a couple, like couple will be on tomorrow. Whoa! Look, we have it online. It's poopy, bimbab. You! What time you got it? It's the big hands on the 12th part top. You know what I mean? I know little hand is on the, do I think it's time? Yeah, I love that. Freestyle, come on, George, we're going all the way. Come on, man, chill, you'll light the bed. I don't even feel like you're one minute. You'll learn as many situations as you can. I'm a little more around, I'm just gonna lie down. Oh yeah. Oh, I love that. Anyway, I also love. I mean, it's so sweet, no. I mean, it's so sweet, mind-mouth. I'm making sounds with mind-mouth. I make sounds with mind-mouth. I make sounds with mind-mouth. I know nothing, but the fucking sound with mind-mouth. I make it sound with mind-mouth. I make it sound with mind-mouth. This is the form I think. Yeah, I know. We've mind-mouthed, still in the evening. For more than two. I make it sound with mind-mouth. I'm making a sound with mind-mouth. I make it sound with mind-mouth. I want to play to the show. Right. That's a little preview of the new morning show starting. If you're new in proof, Kenny and Bow, morning show. It's going to be a ballbuster. 1077 on a pool. We're going to have 1100. No tell them what we're going to do day Chris because we've got a full four hours. 1078. Look at that. They're coming in and pouring in by the ones. And there's no sense in be moaning our fate and sitting here. I'm not going to do that four hours every day. Just for a few months. But not every day. Maybe just an alternate Wednesdays. We're buying Wednesdays. I don't send to and thoo's about an M.I. because I'm due for like, you know, if I would win a jackpot today, like 166 grand or the dollar machine. That would be good. Or like in the five dollar machine. If I wanted to $360 grand, which they've never paid it out even once in five years, that doesn't vote very well for what's going to happen. Or the 649 lottery line, if I already played it, I got my ticket in the other room. If I win the 25 minute tonight, and of course that's a check. That's a real punch is pooled, baby. They write you out of check. No taxes, no deductions, no, uh, uh, a new one is no BS. No games like they play in Florida with that phony balloony lottery crap. They write you out of check. And so it's Canadian currency. I'll take 86 bucks on 86 cents and 25 minute one. You. Okay. And if I win the 25 million, then I'm going to be down there on a plain tomorrow. I'm going to start spreading it around. Just like old John D. Rocker-Filmer man. I'm going to start throwing dimes at everybody. That's what he used to do. He used to stand on street corners and out dimes to the slupperers to show off how much money he had. Ooh, hey big spender. Big spender, baby. Mary Shaw writes anti-gay racist emails from an army recruiter. Another one of those gay stories. From the tax dollars that worked file, she says, Corey Andrew obnugierzy posted his resume at careerbuilder.com like many of us have done from time to time. One of the responses he received was from a US Army recruiter. Andrew wasn't interested in joining the army, but instead of ignoring the over-chair, he was spotted by asking the recruiter, serves at Marsha Ramodi if he was held to the service since he was a gay man. I'm glad he decided to go there because the ensuing exchange had some slight honest serious problem. And this comes so soon after general Peter Paces, Humbafoeba comments, coincidents, question mark. In any case, you have to click here. There's a link to it for a very good blog post that goes into some granular detail about this. And be outraged. Sergeant Ramodi wrote in Cynthia's emails using a official army email address. According to an article about the case in the Jersey Journal, if an applicant makes a statement that he or she is homosexual, the recruiter must inform the applicant a professional manner that they're not eligible for enlistment. Keywords in a professional manner, does anyone believe that Ramodi's tie-wraiths were communicated in a professional manner and scottalink again and says them guess again? And since one of my best friends is married to a native American, one thing in particular struck me upon reading Ramodi's emails, she identifies herself as a native American even as she insults Andrew for being gay. Actually, I understand it in Native American culture, Gaze and Lesbians are held on highest steam. I didn't know that, did you? No, I didn't. It is believed that they embody both male and female spirits and that's a really cool and venerable thing in their culture and understand way so, I embody both male and female spirits. I'm sure to put the truth on my, you know, there are 500 of them. Hey, you better watch yourself, you damn. Sergeant Mona Pierce, that's some very deep and very serious issues to do. Would I hope she'll get some help and eventually find peace? I should probably click that to link on a lack. I could still do that. I could do it. But I'm not going to do it. I wonder how the gay Indian spoke a peace pipe. 2018, go to the floor. Why do you tear those things up? They'll want to do that in the back. I can't even say this shredder. I mean, that guy, that was another good code. Oh, God. You've weeded out the good code. Because you won't give them enough time to talk their intellectual garbage about the war on Iraq and all other important stuff and about our gay governor, all these important things. Look, you could write a book of just stupid quotes that you've heard on the phone. And it would be a seller. Nobody would believe it. They think you were making it all up. Mm-hmm. Oh, look at this, conservative Jewish seminary. Do what I'll gaze. The seminary, which is considered to be the fact that you've been in the sort of conservative Judaism, is decided to begin accepting gay and lesbian's after scholars who got the movement lifted the ban on gay ordination. Hallelujah. Arnold Eisen, Mr. Eisen incoming chancellor for the Jewish theological seminary on Monday said the decision is made after extensive discussion with students and survey on views of the issues within the movement and the school's trustees. The larger issues then how we can remain true to our tradition to Holocaust, Jewish law and particular to all those bubble micees while staying fully responsive in American society and culture, I said, hey, listen, go out and eat some crap-lox, okay? Have a couple of lots of balls, baby. That'll make you Jewish. If you got real massive balls, then you're Jewish in my book, especially if you're a circumspeck and circumsized. It's Jewish enough for me. The conservative range holds the middle ground in American Judaism. Of course, the larger and more liberal reformed Jewish movement as well as reconstructions when the Muslims used to become rabbis. The Orthodox, of course, bans, gays and women for more ordination. The Orthodox, the pharbison. The pharbison, the real serious getschies, man. The ones that forced their kids to walk around with a beanie on her head, so all the other kids will put them. Look at Bobby, he's got a beanie on her head. Like that. Just like the Muslims within them, then, well, do you see him? Montreal now, there were a bunch of Muslim women wanting to go vote without lifting their veil. Uh-oh. Yeah, and they said, oh, we don't think so, okay? Even Jerry Vale, I like that a vote and here without showing his posts. Maybe they could wear like a see through the veil, you know? Yeah. I think they made him some veiled thrifts and said, cut the crap. Okay, we're going to send you back to Osama, Yamama. Send it back to Saudi Arabia while the other terrorist are. 184, man. Chris, this morning, I don't know what that was all about. You think you're going to actually get in my will by doing things like that? No. By kissing kissy kissy like that? No, that's okay. So, it was genuine. What do you mean by that? I think this is, you know, he's not used to going back and forth and working with other people and having the, you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? So, like once you've worked on this show for one, then you go back to the other world that you really have to reach on it. Yeah. We're going to go to the studio and shake the host by the shoulders and say, take that brave damn it. You any of it, you quiz on you, uh, you fair like that. Look what they're landing a 747 and everything but the flashlight throughout, you know. What are the flashers doing? Yeah. Yeah. Well, flash this. I still don't have that dog thing, damn it. It's Paul Harvey, standby for news. Abigail McGillon and elderly woman answered a knock at the door one day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man, carrying a vacuum cleaner. I'll say it again. The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning. Say the man, if I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high powered vacuum cleaners. Go away, said Abigail. I haven't gotten him out. And she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty. He said to Abigail, not until you have at least seen my demonstration. With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam, I will personally eat the remanter. Abigail step back and chuckled and said, well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning. Paul Harvey. Alright. Good day. I like that. 14 don't know, maybe had a hearty appetite, and ever know. Maybe he was just tossing around. 1091 on the pool, 1,991 votes will have 112 shakes of a lamb still. And you know something, I don't have any problem with this. Do you have a problem with it? What? For the way the show is now. No. We had a star show yesterday. Now I grant you as a abbreviated and of course we had a lot of help out there from some of my correspondence out there in radio land with the cold stone cream reen whatever else we were babbling about. What else do we talk about yesterday? Mostly food. That's right. That was a great article by the way. Center from the science for pubic interest, whatever that was. And you know what I think about the cheesecake factory is this. I was thinking about this in the shower this morning. Go to show you me and my gluttony and even after eating it. I'm asking you Mr. Seriously, the name of that restaurant is not good. I'm sure they do a phenomenal business and you tell me that you can never get in there and so is packed. But that's just a bad name for a restaurant. You're correct. Yeah. Because I was telling one of my friends about that the other day. He said to me, what do you know? I really like cheesecake. And I've talked to myself, because it's name the cheesecake factory. He doesn't mean that's what people go there to eat. It's just, you know, it's their famous for desserts, I guess. And gigantic oversized everything. But it's a restaurant. Right? Right? Now, did you ever actually get seated there? I mean, get served. Did you get a walk out? No. We're hungry and we'd already put that time in. So eventually you get served. But no. Sometimes it was the same thing. And it isn't getting a seat. That's the problem. It's getting anyone to notice that you have gotten a seat. Well, I would like blow off a big balloon. Oh, you know, you get somebody's attention. You say, hey, we didn't sit here for half an hour. Nobody's always makers the hammered parties, you know? And they say, oh, somebody right over and then nothing happens. They didn't see it with you, or though. Right. So it's what tell me about the food though. Because it's just a bad name for a restaurant. I mean, it would have been good. They don't even help for me, because they're like making money. Hand over a limpress. But it just is a stupid name for a restaurant. Right. The food would have been good if it had gotten to us in the hour. Now, when you listen, when you stop, we got it all rock cold. Oh, well, well, see they got. What was it, what is it that they have? I had some shrimp dish. They have all kinds of stuff. It's like, you know, fun fancy foods. It's kind of like a, a TGI Friday's better higher scale. Hmm. Sounds good to me. Yeah. I know. The food would have been good if we'd have gotten it in our lifetime. It was cold and stiff. The fries were petrified. You could have built a stove and a stove. Yeah. There's nothing like cold and stiff. Yeah, no. That's me. That is me. Monday, Monday afternoon about one thirty. I could have been cold and stiff. I could have been late right after an balcony. Although sunny shine. And now yesterday, we got up almost two seven year here. I do believe. And I'm taking a look now. This whole business about spring. See, spring is one of those. Now, today, like it's forty five. It's going to make it all way to forty eight today. That's a big deal. Friday, sunny and fifty. And then Saturday all the way down to four, which is forty. See, that's the way it is up and down up and down. That's the spring time off north. Little variety for you. As opposed to like sunny and eighty every day. And I'm getting ready for like another month or two. Like, you know, sunny in a hundred every day and like ninety nine percent humidity. Stuff like that. I thought I'm not going that. But you see the plan I'm making about what a what a dumb ass name that is because it leaves you to believe that it's. I know what I never. I just never took it seriously. Like that would be arrested. That an industrial sunny day. It sounds like a place that makes cheesecake and not a restaurant. Yeah. But I understand that the pieces of cheesecake are like a way like a pound of piece. There was huge. Never got that far. The slices of cheesecake they bring in like gin and then of course they also sell the cheesecake to take home. You have to bring Luca Brotti to carry it for you because it weighs that much. But that's that's what I heard about it. I'm not sounds pretty good to me. Instead of the fact that you're a belly aching about it. It's no it's no all of a garden. Haven't been there. What? The all of a garden? No. Based on what everyone says. Don't. It's not even a tanyush. It's not from the way people describe it. I didn't know. You say that but your family must be getting really bad because they brought us food one time. I think it was an IOD. I do believe but that's a long time ago. I don't remember that. And then it was you know what it was kind of like. Remember fat boy had that diner that he sold. He sold. He sold. He sold. He sold. He sold. I didn't do a great job of selling it. I'm not selling it. I'm not selling it. I'm not selling it. I wrote. I said I'm not selling it. You know that. And you never sold anything on a show. He sold that diner. And of course that day went out of business about two weeks later and they sent food over to station. First to try it. And the salad. The lettuce was so brown that it looked like. Remember that bit I just played the paar, everything. What the guy was eating. That's what it looked like. And tasted like tomato fact. Just, you know, won't do good. So anyway the alavi garden did exactly the same thing on eye. I'm sure you were there. I'm positive. Well, maybe I was. It has gotten lost in the morass. Everybody wants more ass. It's gotten lost in the morass. Your memory of all the free food we got over there. That is not unlikely. See, probably it's a good thing for Chris that we don't still have that going on because he'd be a dead man pretty. So he's trying to stay on the, you know, under under 400 pounds. How are you doing on that? You just keep it off what you lost? Yeah, I'm stuck in the middle. I'm losing a pound or two at a time. So That's good. You're losing a pound or two every time like what if you month? But every week or two. Yeah. Oh, look at his normal can't something else. Well, I'll tell you he's busy today. Oh, I don't. Oh, oh, oh. Hang on. I'm supposed to win though. Oh, I'm never going to be the same. I'm leaving now. I'm never going to do it. Buy everybody. Don't do it. I want to listen. This is the best thing that could have ever happened to me right now. Because now I can share you know, real friends share with their friends. Yes. I'm going to share with you. Could then I just go tell you about an hour ago about my phone conversation with my agent attorney and supposed to good defact friend. Norma Kent, I'm on the night screaming and wailing about this QAM situation and about Joe Bell and Joyce and this whole company and I think of that. So what he accomplishes that whatever was what was it about a half hour go or 45 minutes. He sends me the copy of the of the email he got from Jolly Joe Bell saying, well, I'm going to be out of the office and maybe late this evening. Maybe sometime between now and next. Socus maybe I might do something about this or get back to you know. So now what now? What is he right on top of this? Oh, to show you how concerned he is about yours truly. See that this is a man who's on a lifetime ego trip. He's looking at he lives in like so many people. I know in a fantasy world. He's like the stand major of a fact him. The founder and the original publisher of the Express Gay News. Fort Lauderdale attorney Norman Elliott Kent has announced the launch of an online daily gay National Electronic newspaper well Lauderdale. Lauderdale. You're fairie. Love it online on the poor bottle. National he sends me this. I mean, I don't know. I don't think religion that he's doing it, but he sends me this that I need to know this that I need to grandize him on the air National Gay News.com hit the web in four slas. Quick with a front page story expo exposing possible homophobia in the Upper East of International Cruise Line. It was arbitrarily canceled a popular bear's cruise. The story can be viewed online with a link here. This weight the online paper revealed how a group of Christian students in Illinois are launching a counter protest to an National Gay Drive among high school students to expose homophobia in secondary schools. Today's front page feature reveals how a divorced man wants to abate Alehmony payments to his ex-wife a trans-exual who now wants to become a man. On a lighter note, there is a feature about a European gain nude cruise from Italy to Greece. Stayed at Kent. The gay community can be an affluent sophisticated high tech environment. It's my belief that a clean online captures the breath and diversity of our world will be very popular and inviting. I really don't want to give any long speeches about the product to speak for itself. Yeah, it's case for itself all right. The online news people be filled on a daily basis. Is there an end of this daily basis? However, I'm reading this off my blackbird. It'll be filled on a daily basis with original writing, linked news sources and terms on all aspects of gay and mainstream life. Links on the home page generate connections to sports, lifestyle, science and technology, business, health and HIV, as well as entertainment, and host of other gay and lesbian related interests. Like looking at naked pictures sounds good to me. But what are you smirking about? That's you know, interactive features will invite readers to submit their favorite pet photo. There you go, as well as images of a hunk and Amazon of the day. Or share their favorite website, gay news feeds and a current house for National Gay Nonprofits and News Media will also be posted online in the electronic paper. As you did with the Express starting in 1999, Kent is bringing substance to the paper immediately. Yeah, the same substance said, believe that that was trying to clean up a vacuum cleaner. Contracting with associated press affiliates to present credible news, stories from equitable journalists around the country. Then this goes on. Oh, it is only two more paragraphs, thank God. We will still be across section of our lives. There are nationally known gay columnist joining us in popular cartoonists to lighten the burden of each day. We want to start each morning reading your horoscope and the weather on a home page he said, we are still building the site and laying the foundations to the Kent. Our project is still being born. Yes, still born, I think is the word. But the news doesn't wait and when an entire segment of our population gets blatantly discriminated against in a wholesale manner as we've seen with the bear cruises, we just have to go with what we got and get the word out there says Norma Kent. I just am a delete delete delete delete delete delete a delight. Norma you silly goose you simple then you you you fair right. I do like that and he sends it to me. This is what he's busy doing with his time with more power to him. Okay, this is the same guy that told me when he sold this then in fact newspaper. It was the he could retire for life. He had all this money now. Bye blah blah blah. You know Casso ho is normal. Okay, happy pays off to you baby and go away. Just go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away. Stay out of my life. Stay away from my friends. Stay away from my people. Stay away from my website. Stay away from my job. Stay away from my existence. I'm not planning to stay the hell away. Okay, Norma. Do not call here. Do not write here. Do not email me. No more. Go away. Little girl. I mean, that song. Go away. Little girl. Steve. Steve Lawrence. Yes. Well, Danny. I didn't uh who else did a Danny Osmond? Well, that's why I know it by. Did Danny do it? Danny was on my show one time, but do you have any hearing or by that? Oh yeah. This is the original. This is the original. Except for Steve Lawrence. You know where he works for. Steve Lawrence and Eddie Gorman. Alex Steve Lawrence in the situation. He was kind of cute. Well, I can't believe you got that. I got it. You've got it. I got it. Little 18 votes on the pool. I said, you normally you made my day. That was the one that was one of the that was the epitome of my relationship with my lawyer, Agent Guifra, silly fag person, Norma Kent. Who's all about Norma? You know, he liked to put out a big song at an answer about what he's doing for Neal and Baba Baba Baba on his emails to Joe Bell and all his calls with Joyce and, you know, the, uh, all the other stuff. Right. Stay, they hell away. That's my suggestion. Stay away. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neal Rogers 124 hour. Tonight, on facts, not the news. A special report. We wrote all by ourselves. Oropsa, Donald, who say, Oshama Obama, but damn it. That's gold in boy. What you don't know about Oshama Obama. He's so proud of you. As a boy, he went to mattress in Mr. Wilson's all-night mattress store and practiced Wahabi as a Navahabi all the way to Kimo's office. Was the mystery man on the grassy nose? The devil's thing was his uncle. If you're closely, you realize his real father was Jack Webb. Plus, an infuriating, and typically uninformed commentary from one of our garden's variety, hard-looking bleach flans, hand picked out of our stable, every public and flans that's what out easy and appeals to our elderly and drunk, like wing viewers. Fox, not seen yours. 30% of the truth for that 30% of you. Watch it, no, babe. But 30, man. 12,03, at 5,60, every come. We had 113 votes on a full. I think 13 is given today. Don't you? 13, 100? Yeah. Chris, on the other hand, is, you know. Well, he'll pretend to be more excited about it. No, he does not have to pretend. Not after that performance this morning. We asked permission to kiss my ass. That was just amazing. Did I? Were you in there when he did that? Yeah, I was in here. He said that he said to me, can I kiss your ass? I said to him, I ran into the mop right away so that we have part of that. Yeah, I was discussed. I read for the shop that the wet dry back. Okay, now it's interesting because I think we've only had, because I heard another fax come over the thing now. Yeah. And we only had one. This is short and sweet from a regular faxer, but we only had the one and of course that was a critique about what, you know, you chased away the real colors. There weren't any real colors. Okay, you jackass. There've been any real colors in nine years since we've been on this radio station. Then here's a fax. Also more us suggestions says, hey, Neil and George, it always baffles me that you're not job color, standhold. No, they don't, we don't put them on hold. They keep the phone ring and we don't put anybody on hold. To make a sound, then they try to call right back. The good calls are far and a few and far between. That was scare me if I were you and George. Well, what does that mean? That was scare me if I were you, or can you make this sound? No, it's open you could interpret that. As far as the cheesecake goes here, right on there, can be great. Food is very California. With a huge slice of dishes and drinks can be a decent people watching restaurant a day light or the grow. What about the saw crash? That's one after by my house. Oh, I look at the, look at this. The Tony snow I know believes in the power of Neil God and prayers in that cute. What was this supposed to be funny? I think it's funny to us. I think it's supposed to be serious. The person that wrote it, the series. Yeah, but it's so obvious that they've inserted the word Neil and front of the end that they've Bill God, isn't it? I didn't see that. Well, look, look at the print type. It's not even the same print type. Oh, I see. So whoever who ever decided to put this together is another amateur comedian who wasted a lot of time because I'm not gonna read it. I rather read Norma Kins email that I already deleted about his online fag news paper whatever it's gonna be. See, he doesn't have time to be worrying about Neil Roger show and a lot of small things like that. About his number one client because I already paid him for this year and I spigged fact check. So he can't be worried about stuff like that. He's worried about being the great kip crusader, okay on the internet for all the fag news that's fit to print and some that is no sure. I mean, yeah, I'll more power to him. That's fine. I have no problem with that in a spare time. Whichever not me he has a lot of. I'm 135 ohs on the pool. I got such a headache from that from reading that thing in his. Oh, don't you? Yeah, as they say in Yugoslavia, which is coming back by the way next year. They're gonna put it back together again. I have a bad cup fatic. Edwards gained support as he remains in the race. Americans by two, is that what they say in the locker room if they have aching loins? I have a cup fatic. If they're hurting in the cup. And I still can't that spazzing spazzing. This is what really gets me about them. Maybe he lost it too that you The deal they sent me. Maybe maybe just went vanishing off into outer space somewhere. I'm sure not because you know if he said it to me then he's got it, right? Right. He's got a hold of it. Hold of it. Maybe he just can't find it anymore in between the folds of fat. I mean you saw the picture of that guy and he's yeah, he's a good guy to watch. He's a big fan. He sends us a Zidian things he's in highly or which I feel sorry for him. But God if you don't wait a thousand pounds. I mean he's got fat in places where his canisman invented yet. Good God. Yeah on the inside. Rules of fat. Americans by two to one. See I don't understand a pool like this. It's stupid. Support the decision by former North Carolina Senator John Edwards to stay in the Democratic presidential race even though his wife Elizabeth has been diagnosed with a recurrence of breast cancer. And the telephone pole taken Friday through Sunday just after they held that news conference. Questions about the Edward's is where asked to half of the sample out of margin of error. Plus your mind, it must remain as a five points. And he got a boost in the horse race at Democratic contenders because he now is up to 14% again five percent because of the sympathy vote. She's got cancer therefore it makes all the sense of the world we should support John Edwards. Does that make sense to you? Sure. Right. He's up to number four behind Swila Ray a 35 Barack Obama 22 Al Gore 17 and John Edwards 14 nobody else has got more than three percent. Democratic poster Mark Melman is not affiliated with any candidates as the bump Edwards that is understandable. In the crucible of crisis people may judgements about a candidates character and there's a lot of people lot here which people can make important judgments about Edwards. I just I don't know. Just confusing how to meet you understand that. No wife's got cancer it came back again. We feel bad about that. We don't wish that anybody she never stole a free train needed it. But what how does that make that Yahoo from Nothing could be fighting down there in Carolina how does that make him more qualified to be president if you vote for him God will cure her. Was that what it is? Sure. That's what it starts you know and play all the time. That's the one at Tony Snow believes in. 1141 votes on the Pulitzer Woodbong Wednesday and I just you know maybe we may have win some of the day. I'll be a little more animated about it. I was feeling really exhilarated yesterday and again today until I got that thing from Norma camp. He started off with the email from Joe Bell which is depressed. See every time I don't know why I called him Monday because I was already depressed. I was already suicidal you know. So why did I call him? I don't know. Just a vendor guess just with some of the scream and I did. And then why did I read that email? Why did he do that? Just just to be depressing the show me that Joe Bell doesn't give a crap and he's not you know Not getting any urgent response because it's been going on for months and months and years and ages and an eternity And nothing is going to happen enough and is really being done except about a beat by the boop but a lot of the usual You know tap dance and then I give this this 84,000 word press release. You know it's really interesting when I had my 31st anniversary on here in South Florida My agent slash attorney. I don't believe wrote any press release to the media I know see that near Rogers on March 1st and 31 years on the air in the market. Bye bye bye And longer than any other talk host in the history of the market. Bye bye. Bye. Bye. All these other all of these All of these things, you know Because that wouldn't have been so self-serving is writing about some enterprise that he's obviously starting and financially involved in it wouldn't have been as self-serving as this crap Goodbye Norma go a way little girl, okay? How many times have I said that on the air before but not enough times and not seriously enough? I could have been a contender man. You do realize that of all people. I do I could have been a contender I could be on serious xn pm fn Yeah, I could have been a contender. I look what I got How is got what's his name what's his agent's name done about wall and look what I got 445 ohs on a pool we got 1300 made in the shade today, maybe and that's not too bad for a Monday I mean it's not a big simist Or for a wednesday for wednesday Wednesday Not that my brains are fried this week you do understand that And of course the best part of it is that those people those have it doesn't morons asles who are you know The killers of the telephone they're sitting out there thinking oh boy we we need a guy in Yeah sure You ought to see the size of the check that just went in the bank on Monday thing then you say oh boy we sure got him Oh geez Not a take a look at the size of it. I know it makes me cry. I've exploding ball Simon cow The hip-fuck series American idol up front in your face last year of former contestant Penna fair with the polar Abdul yeah she gave him special treatment quarry clerk. Oh yeah Let's go to calls Wakanda Illinois. Hello. Hi Simon. Hello. What's your name? Michelle. Hello Michelle. Listen I heard you got nipple and plant. Uh, yeah. Oh, look right. So that's why they always talk through your shirt. Yeah. Yeah. The gruesome too soon. Ben Cooper British Columbia for Simon Tau. Hello Simon. I'm gonna rule with you the father of Anna the cold baby is that true? Yeah, it was your baby. Mm-hmm. Simon's baby Join us on the inform is Julie Tau Simon's mother she joins us from London. She is 80 years young Are they're Julie? Yes, Leo. Hi Simon you're rotten Is there one thing you can tell us about Simon that we don't know? Yes when Simon was born He was so ugly the doctor slapped me. You know what in real life is he nasty? Yes I had known then what I know now I would have replaced my vagus all with super glue. Go back to sleep mom Ha ha ha ha ha all right crazy glue sounds like a winner to me 154 votes on a pool now. Here's an interesting facts It says any chance you can keep broadcasting you show on the internet tomorrow during the moral Exhibition scheme since WQM doesn't broadcast the game of the internet anyway. Here's the answer Yeah, no, we don't broadcast the game on the internet. I don't know There's against major league baseball regulations Hmm It's against major league baseball regulations I think I'm gonna have a regurgitation about that regulation so what does that mean? That means that if you want to listen to a major league baseball game over A lot of people are interested in me. I have to pay for it. No, if you want us to run the internet you have to pay major league baseball They have to pay me to listen to it a lot Are you shment me so what do we have on there just to dead here? We keep playing this thing to a promo job of organ exactly for the roundtable in the square table in the kinyin bowl Morning abortion and all other I just said with light metal Oh, yeah, and fact you also did that's not a bad idea We might just in case anybody missed that earlier. We might put that like on an endless loop Oh, God if I can find it. Oh, and anyone else I didn't play I make Sounds with my mouth I make it out with my mouth I make it sound Making sound I'm making a sound I think that's a hit. I think that's a hit. I think that's a better Maybe Monday morning starts 7 a.m. If I first get rid of that big oh crap. Oh five to 10 a.m with that It's called making sounds with our mouth. No punches. Poo that's what I'm hearing Well, that's beautiful Oh here we go John Nichols. There's been a whole bunch of these. You haven't been doing my duty in reading these Simulating articles for a long time I don't know why why is that that's because I've been taking all those written phone calls and And also where we normal can't go away that that's you know, I thought about that during the break for about 10 seconds go away Stay away get out of my face. I should send an email to Joe Bill and say as of 12 20 p.m. On Wednesday March 28. Norman Kent is no longer my agent attorney and they have nothing to do with him and I don't want to talk to you How's that all right? You think that's gonna hire what's his buck wall and I can hire anybody what do I need anybody for? Thus they negotiate that lifetime contra For a million dollars I would that's our full day and look at the way it's turned in out not the way we wanted 1156 folks and we got 15.3% say I hate this pool that sucks. Okay. I don't want to be too blown about it But let me just you know dance about a tick toe around the edges of it that blows it sucks 1156 votes for a million dollars. I would Give up my favorite food for year 137 vote Republican 137 work at QA and 116 don't do it Life is too short Have gay sex 116 sense of pictures Not have sex for year 115 live in South Florida, 93 Kill some people 78. That's what George wants to do Not view porn for year 72 not smoke for year 68 and get married only 46 for a million bucks Only 46 people out there would get married Pretty sad commentary on the great American institution. Well, it's not an American institution Say worldwide institution in America just in last two long. That's all Well, I just I'm the verge every now and then I get on the verge you know that number out, you know The right on the tipito I thought I was gonna start making sounds with my mouth You know that sound Oh Sounds like that phone number don't be doing that All right, you know what's that other thing? Oh wait a minute. Let me find that one Because that's really classic and then it's also That's not what what oh the screen loop. Oh, what are you looking? The screen loop oh that one Yeah Like that We could do this easy I guarantee if they would play that instead of the ESPN radio overnight we'd have a 40-year They would play good just that and this Any stuff I Hit a big fat that will be hit yeah, yeah Now the facts come over to my machine right now see if we read if the audience was reading into this whole thing We'd be indated with facts with some material as opposed to just well I think that the calls and you changed away the good calls and yeah Sure we did Let's see the best take your lever eat. Oh, this is from Pedro. Thanks Pedro Is the cage and we're by that they serve in the cheesecake fact me. That's what Pedro says. Mm They mirrorinated it for 36 hours They mirrorinated for 36 hours and special cage and mix and it's better than any steak ever had in Christie's Smith, the world on skis Ruth Chris the forge yuck it says et cetera It says it melts in your mouth. Mm, cage and rib eye It sounds really tempting to me don't it oh yeah Why you sound pretty luke warm on it. That doesn't good They mirrorinated for 36 hours and special cage on mix that's I have to say cage on that cage and Take it and say region cage and key drawn which means you're lucky little and you're probably from no or leans or somewhere or like in the house by you in that area In that neck of the woods 1161 on a pool. I probably should I can play the talking making sounds with our mouth and then we read the Norman Kent email couple times will be all done We'll be right up against it John Nichols right getting serious about the I word I started to head Whole series of these articles about impeachment the only crowd with this one is too long Not too long to read just too long for right now, so what I'll do is do the break Just give me a little heads up to Chris who is kissing my insist morning for all we doing the breaks right at the same time and I'm time and being like here We all kind of like make believe professional broadcaster It's like some dumb-ex-junk who hasn't got any idea what to them microphone is or how to even turn the mic on When you got somebody that don't even know how to turn a microphone on and pretending to be a broadcaster You know that it's only like come way to it would say make believe you know I'm saying It's make believe Don't make me play that though. What is it don't make me play it? Oh You got it. I know I have a hard one Conway 20. Why is that? I think he is you mentioned that a week or two ago How did he come way 20? What do you ever do to you man? He's a he was a bad singer who's saying bad songs and he was a good He's pretty and he had bad hair a big boofy goofy looking hair He had a boofy great. Yeah, he had a boofy on his head. Yeah, he was kind of truddy and a little on the schminy side He went out of his wannabe, you know and of course as much as we do not care for Elvis on his show When it's another wannabe, what is that? That makes me ugly It's like being a Steve Lanko wannabe Well, I'll tell all of this John Edwards of this this pretty boy of this Honey, a leftist ambulance Tracer. He has made his wife and cancer just to We know action You know I got a tone to my brain. This is a new glow One of the dims he is capitalizing and his wife's illness to jump star to frozen his old run Just like he was the best of his son the fire officer. They didn't work campaign I say friends a lot don't I? I can imagine all I like with the money I make Who cares if I don't have any for I am the voice of a 29% per paying homes for wisdom and Christlike moral virtue just as getting my 10x wives if you pay to view My webcam friends you could watch me play all my fat little arms around and a greatly colored pull over Go surf with me in a state's on it See Trying how I take what I'm talking about But don't look my buttering fool here. I spent many years toning these after finding muscles in my huge Chewing up records. Oh and one other thing my friends may I remind you that I did offer to serve my country by signing up for dancing with the stars But was declined more having a little on my fat drug at all now A lot of those pimples the asses going around these days must be a catchin must be rubbing off 1231 to 560 W QA and wait till you hear this bad news Not really because I don't really care about any of these people country music star when on a judge Yeah, it says he filed for divorce yesterday from her streamed has been then our roach After his arrest last week in Texas on six charges involving a minor or right Roach 49 was the rest of all the country stars man their country stars is from Nashville Well he says his best baby Roach 49 was arrested Thursday and ablity and in charge with three kinds of aggravated sexual battery against the child In 2013 in Nashville all right He was expected to be infidated Nashville said police folks been Don Aaron it wasn't only if he had an attorney Well, the norm is not busy. He's busy doing online the facts stuff I'm obviously devastated the 42 World Contrary singer set in statement on her website our family will pull together Begin the healing process and hopefully by the grace of God Become stronger will move forward with our faith family and our friends to find resolution of this difficult situation Is that what it always is you know, it's always back to that faith and About to be better to put about all that BS all that get each piece though Aaron said an investigation by the Department of Sex Scrums units start in February judge said it ever reconcilable differences as raising for divorce The complaint filed Nashville suburb of Williams and county Roach had been receiving treatment for drug and booze at exnet and we have sent a can buffalo gap Texas They have no children judge's got children from a previous marriage judge so nearly 30 million But third man is a solo artist. That's pretty sad commentary She sang with her mother Naomi judge is the do all the juggs or is that the juggs? Her solo hits include no one else on earth and I saw the light her sister is actress Ashley judge Oh What if she's killed a jugg law Cute now No, 185 oh three I'd fathered look by the end of the server gonna make 13 under the day okay They're gonna be right about it in newspapers all over the world Anybody believe it? No, so let's see if we get any more emails from Norma can I Yes, something I just I'm almost back to where I was on Monday again, you know, oh, there's a great comeback I'm not talking about jumping off the balcony. I'm just talking about The depression setting in it's just a feeling of uselessness and hopelessness You know, I mean if this is and of course who's fault is that who's fault is it? Oh God? And I've stuck with this Schmendrick for all this time You saw the phenomenal job Howard Stern had his serious guy call me remember that my home norm can call me When Stern was first leaving regular radio and going out of serious name wanted me on that thing badly Howard wanted me on there and we had it handing that over to Norma Kent to make that deal It would be like handing a an oozy to a three-year-old child a fully loaded oozy and saying go out and he art and have a good time You see what I'm saying Mm-hmm and I did it because I'm dumb. Well, it's way cause at mid-on dumb, you know That's me too many years in Florida. I think did it It used to be small like Fredo John Nichol says former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough had me on his MSNBC show Tonight, meaning Monday to talk about impeachment It was a smart civil discussion that treated the prospect of impeaching the president as serious matter Scarborough took the lead in suggesting that Bush's biggest problem might be that Republicans in the house and send who fearful of the threat both poses to their political survival Do not appear to be rallying around the president The host sentiments were echoed by two other guests columnist Mike Barnacle and Salon's Joan Walsh The emphasis for the show was to brass descenditor Chuck Hagle's ongoing discussion between impeachment prospect Hagle's not quite a quite a supporter sanctioning Bush more a speculator about the prospect and a new column by Robert Novak that suggests Bush has dwindling support within the congressional wing of the GOP Speaking about impeachment and ABC's this week Hagle said any president who says I don't care or I won't respond to what the people of this country are saying about a racer anything else Or I don't care what Congress doesn't gonna proceed if a president really believes that they're no ways to deal with that No backwrote the I-word incompetence is used by Republicans and describing the Bush administration generally Several of them I talked to described a trifecta of incompetence the Walter Reed Hospital scandal the FBI's misuse of the Patriot Act And the West Attorney's firing Fiasco We've always claimed that they were the party of better management one-hospital leader told me how can we claim that anymore? Scarborough do the two statements together for the purpose of asking whether Bush could count on Republicans to block fools by congressional Democrats to hold Bush to account for high crimes and Mr. Meeners in peaches ass baby When a conservative commentator was on the front lines of nooking which is Republican Revolution entertains a thoughtful conversation about the politics and processes of impeachment on a major cable news No work it should be clear that the closer conversation about sanctioning this president's begun to open up No Scarborough's not jumping on the impeachment ban wagon He simply treating the prospect seriously as did CNN's wolf blitz quickly earlier in the day When I told Scarborough's what I've been saying in public forums for the past several weeks We're nearing an impeachment moment the Alberto Gonzalez scandal the un-conned undercovered But for a wheel controversy involving abuses of the papy act and the presence increasingly in belligerent refusal to treat Congress as a Co-equal branch of government are putting the discussion presidential accountability on the table for much house speaker Nancy Pelosi is trying to remove it This is this mean that Bush and Cheney will be impeached that of course We decided by the people impeachment at its basis always an organic process. It needs confidence Supportered fizzles as with the attempt by House Republican leaders to move from a president Clinton a process that fairly or not seem to be all about blue dresses While the people saved Clinton by signaling their representatives that they post sanctioning a president's personal morals It doesn't appear that they're inclined to protect Bush With each new revelation about what Gonzalez did to be asked of the Bush White House to politicize prosecution by US attorneys They revulsion with the way the president's disregard of the Constitution and the world of law becomes more intense and Citizens are not cutting their president much slack a new USA today Gallup poll conducted over the weekend shows that by a 3-1 margin nearly Americans long Congress to which his subpoenas the force White House official to testify against all those case 68% of those survey said the president should wrap his claim of executive privilege in the matter while only 26% agree Well the reasoning Bush's use to try to block a meaningful inquiry If the president wants to get in the fight with Congress over how to weed the Constitution it appears that the people will back Congress And that backing is what will begin to restore the backbones of House members who despite Pelosi's attempts to quiet talk of impeachment are getting more and more intrigued by the prospect of holding this president to account As Haguell says this is not a monarchy They're a ways to deal with executive excess and hope the president understands that if Bush doesn't recognize this reality now He soon will Says John Nichols. He's got a new book. It's the genius of impeachment The founders cure for royalism Impressed by that Okay, I knew you would be let it under 90 votes. Well we got 13 and we're lucky today. It's not too bad. What is it on a Wednesday? Well, I see I get confused because we got all those great Marlin ball games on a one-handle of the regular season. The next week I believe is that first I believe Sunday is the first you are you telling me that the regular season gonna start on a Sunday? You better be kidding me. Well like the how that first game and the marlin should be on the reds is the reds and somebody who can I'm afraid they used to be the Cincinnati red legs And then and then during the 50s I don't know if you're worthy or not little piece of trivia during the 50s because I'm old When we they had all the communist the witch hunts going on all the red baiting going on They they stopped calm the reds and they calm the red legs again, which is what they were like 6,000 years ago the Cincinnati red legs That's like red bone. I want to ask a lot of those if that's like red bone Ever have a red well anyway, no So neither although red legs First short period time and I said what that's really embarrassing That's really bad it would be like the temple bait and a temple bait devil rays on it I'll let some of us they hit over there with all those religious freaks those nuts religious nuts There's another redundancy for you crazy people Devil rays you can't say that that that's like a Satan man Satan's out there on the ball field I really said but then again that's the temple. That's Florida for you And then think about that story about Nashville man and I'll end bread crap going on. That's most of America You know they talk about the red states Whether they're what about the red bone states? 1193 on a pole when we come back from the break is 1200 in the skies the little bitch back him I know this show is gonna shock a lot of people Necolkidman and to your Robert The his lives of J So you're gay yes, yeah, both gay yes looking to lies Mary to a man and in love with a woman yeah Like he so how did coming out change your life? I went into this state of calmness and that's when I realized that my conscience was clear They're wedding they headlines around the world the cold kidman married countries to our kids Oh Big emotion okay, good emotions. Okay. How long did you know you were gay so much of my life always known? You truly like having a girlfriend. I do what would you say to her? You're one of the softest people inside that I know I'm gonna start crying and she's kind she's a kind girl I love my mom. I mean I just would say to anybody whatever secret you're holding live your own truth I had a lesbian affair with a woman that lasted nearly three years hot animal lust. I'm gay Wouldn't that be something is anybody care? Oh, absolutely not it's a 1245 1198 that thought we'd be a 1200 and you after the abreight Yeah, sure whatever exactly whatever that's what we look at it here at QM whatever, you know, that's just the way it is NATO is but this is a kind of interesting we don't want to go here came to her NATO's body rules shuts out at cans Under a bizarre policy that opposed the days of segregation in the US Afghans who work at the NATO base at Kandahar airfield must use separate toilets marked local nationals only Several Afghans fully Toronto Globe and mail the practice in solving but they're dependent on NATO for their livelihoods and we're lucky to speak out Lieutenant Colonel Jack Levin's the US officer in charge of administrative contracts said the segregated toilet policy exists because The bathroom habits and the Afghans are different from those of the North Americans and Europeans who work at the base Do we really want to go here Go girl so to speak that's what they say when they approach the door do we we do want to go in here We've always had this policy lieutenant Colonel Blavin said it's not based on a racial thing It's just how they use the toilets. They're not used to toilets. They use squats or holes in the ground and right told you about that right Unitaly I was in that one place where it was like a big world in the center of the T-Rome and I thought holy Moli Ratman One Afghan who's worked at the base for five years in his interpreter laughed at this edition He can't give his name because it works with a coalition as afraid of being targeted by insurgents and winding up they'd I don't see any reason for severed bathrooms. He said everybody is human so it should be one turlet He said that foreign soldiers told him they wouldn't use the same toilet as his Afghans because they're afraid of catching something contagious Oh, it's like that homo disease So did say they're scared of local people who might have disease. He said personally. I do not like that But this is the way the armistory after we spike that The issue came to light when a globe reported tried to use the toilet's new the main gate of canned har airfield the guard on duty Is that a plan words or what the guard on duty directed to report to toilets 30 meters away I'm the one directly in front of him more for the Afghans Lieutenant Colonel, but then said he thinks of the policies a cultural accommodation and it makes life easier for the cleaners Oh I don't know if I could want to read this next part come on now. Oh No, you can do it When the Afghans use our porta parties they stand on the seats and it causes quite a mess He said I think it's just a cultural thing. Oh My oh my my my my my look out now Let me read that sentence again When the Afghans use our porta parties they stand on the seats and it causes quite a mess I think it's just a cultural thing he said hmm The Travis reserve for the Afghans typically had the words local national's written on the door and they're different color than the ones we're for non-Afghans But I know what color they probably are At least by the end of the day The toilet's looked the same on the inside except the plastic seat is sometimes removed from the local national toilets I can't say they're at enough to us to accommodate them and there's art as well clean as the ones we serve for foreigners It's not fair it said cussyman Afghan interpreter works at the base He said some foreigners will use the local bathrooms when the lines are long and it suits them But local Afghans can't use the bathroom reserve for the foreigners Some of the army guys they use the local bathroom so we should be able to use their bathrooms too said cussyman As he speaks his uncle comes over to say that the separate bathrooms are very nice Very nice nice We have very nice in his only Yeah, we do I got it somewhere Like I said the the local bathrooms are Very nice here we go and He's grateful the NATO for coming to Afghanistan hopes they'll stay a long time Other Afghans who stand lie waiting to be searched as they leave the NATO base of the camps They can accept having new separate bathrooms and they'll see it as they significant hardship A few Afghan employees have the privilege of being able to use either set of toilets because they work for the coalition long enough to be considered trust in agents Because seems said the problem comes down the way Afghans use water the clean themselves before praying the foreigners don't like it They said they don't be like in it Lieutenant Colonel Blvin said there can be problems if water bottles used by the Afghans and their Ablusions have to be fished out of the toilets. Oh What kind of a hook to use for those? Although Afghans are strongly encouraged to use the toilet smart local Nasule only they wouldn't even prevent it from using another bathroom and an emergency He said oh that's hope they don't have no emergencies There are also security issues to be considered he said some foreign only bathrooms are close to the soldier sleeping quarters Which need to be protected more than 1200 local people come to the gates of can our airfield most days according to the Canadian guards who operate the main entrance I was just let's do that. Let's do that When they use the portafoddy they stand on the seats and the causes quite a message say cultural thing can you say far very and can you say that 1200 three votes Told you we got 13 every in our sights Do we not on there's those pigeons making those cool cool cool cool two sounds again on my balcony I'm gonna go out there and have a chat with them and see maybe I can fly away with them. What do you think I think you should go A grab one and put it on the air or bite the head off of it or something And in fact I can see it right now. It's like you're really down around and probably gonna drop like a little in fact I the pigeons remind me of the Maphghans The way they kind of in this scrimmily do their toilet business and in fact he looks to me like he'd like a dog looking for a good spot, you know And speaking of dogs and ever did get that what's his name again the guy from Hylia Spazines okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're listening spazines bags I try to approve your dog that come at the thing assembly last night and it just vanished in outer space You're the one could reason to be an astronaut can you imagine all the useful information all the lost messages and and Pictures and emails all the lost information out there in space just floating around out there Well, you just get a big electric net for it You can't like what's floating around in the nap can't tell. Oh, I don't want to think about that. Oh Man that is just you know I don't want to say like 10th world country or people living in the dark ages, but you know It's what it's all about Don't tell me I've got all just one old please. Okay. We're gonna get that straight enough 244 votes on a poll For $15 I would and I hate this poll is gaining. It's not losing it's not going down Which of course that would be to please me and make me feel you know like me put a pretty I don't care what they say It's not a damn thing wrong with this poll. It's a fine poll It's not even you know a spectacular, but That's nice. I Hate this poll's got 186 votes 15.4% for a million dollars. I vote Republican 146 for 10 million I wouldn't do it In fact, actually what I would do is I would take the 10 million I go in there and I'd vote Democrat What I would do I just lie about it? Is there anybody who wouldn't lie for a 10 million dollars? No million dollars. I would give up my favorite food free or 139 Have gay sex 122 work at WQM 120 Of course you'll why I've spent that million dollars in you know, psychiatric care, but nevertheless Not have sex for your 119 live in South Florida 96 kill some people 83 Not view porn for your 76. I know there's some people can do that for a hundred million Not smoke for your 71 and get married 46 out of 12.04 I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna like talking through our mother. I'm gonna read the norm can't email again over that would be good Maybe maybe during the Marlequin tomorrow Where you think Sounds great sounds like a plan to me Mad dog come up and to the staff there in the power hour with Hank and a mad dog between four and five Then you got the hopper solo at the end to center being a big hockey even that he is At the a bank Atlantic center between five and seven pants are preview at seven o'clock Panthers gonna make those playoffs no got any chance at all no chance any interest 730 it's the Panthers and the trashers and then after the hockey game as opposed to just stick at ESPN radio on there We get like a little bonus Game that would just the agronaut is Chris you know just the agro was a judge that was on this about him. I know also and is he The long-unnier He's a nice guy, you know, I wasn't a question He's getting an air in the high on time or still if he ever stole a freight train Does he belong on the air is he a broadcaster he can get better, but he's he's pretty good You know what kind of an answer that is? Well, I tuned out at you know as soon as you went to the sports world so I'll hear that conversation The hockey game it's again that was in Seattle and then of course at CSPN radio, which is a great way to get you into a Radio induced coma When I'm up in Bokka take a slap in all the women with paint and lips around the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one to two That's the Indian bulls show on five sixty you eight You are all no headquarters for the station Do we do we got you on the phone? Okay, but first I want to say hi to my mommy hi mommy look you suck girls under radio again I'm under radio Drop Who are you Oh We got that special guest for me Matt who's he play for oh he's not there sports related in that dog They're easy That's the baby couple will be joining us to wear to discuss and a heartbreaker Easy couple. They're couple like Ted Kouple. It's so pal. A couple couple will be on tomorrow Wow look we have an online It's poopy and Bob You It's the big hand is on the 12 part top And a little hand is on Yeah, I think it's Oh Who learned this radio situation a bit You tell me so one o'clock at five sixty wq and don't forget that Kenny and Bob morning show man It's really something choice well. Let us say the word on the air but it is now how we do it on the other thing here 12 12 when we got it made and the shade no problem a 1300 market down all you people like he track market down David Seroda on the smoking chimps says a two kd correct You know, not only have I not watched yours since those first couple of days when she was on I realized how inappropriate it was to put her as which But I have it never is the thought has never even entered my mind I mean it is so alien to me will be like like expecting to find people swinging a Russian on my TV said it just it just It's totally alien to my mind A2 Katie Kurt how come I'm a griff sing so much it's because I never got to make my bacon today David and you know why I didn't make my bacon? Why didn't you make your bacon today? Cuz yesterday I forgot to go out and buy more paper towels. I say When you can make you can't make you can't nuke stuff You're right you need lots of paper towels right unless you've of course you make it in the flavor way How about what I do that? No microwave bacon just real bacon you laid out on the you don't have any real bacon I have only microwave a new color You can I could do that during the next day. Great going in I could go in there and smear it together I'll find a way I could get some slightly used From yesterday Paper towel or I could take 20 minutes off and go across me to the convenience store and buy some new paper towel and go in here Make you know make it right to really good way and make it good How's that sound sounds great Well, where's Neil all of a sudden? Well, he's across the street the convenience store buying paper towels to make Nukeable bacon with you could always ask a neighbor There are there are no neighbors home right now nor do I know any of these neighbors This is a very transient building and I'm not gonna go knocking on doors asking even any paper towels I'm a little accident here I'm getting I'm planning for my trip to Canada harm I'm going to learn how to use the turrets Anyway, David's herota says Well, I think what I'll do is I'll just I'll go in the assac and I'll get out yesterday's I mean, that's not disgusting is it? No, it's got the fat from yesterday's bacon on it though. That's all like munga near oh, it's not not good. You know, you should squeeze it out to sell it I got news for first squeeze my fat out and so I could sell it on I could I could I could there you go get about wood vine Get us sell it as hair-turning David's herota says I like many people find it nauseating that the professional political pontificator See an I able to contain their desire to apply horse race analysis to Elizabeth Edwards announcement that she has life threatening cancer From CNN to time magazine to Rush Limbaugh The National political chattering class is this week truly earned its well deserved reputation as a group of people dominated by Egonieical self-absorbed freaks holy and completely out of touch with even the most basic sense of decency Perhaps the most disturbing display of all however was 60 minutes kitty Kirk She's been most of her interview with the Edwards is behaving like a prosecutor cross-examining them about why they're going forward with the presidential campaign And when I say interrogate, I mean interrogate This was no ordinary interview. This was a televised guilt trip She stated this fact to John Edwards that he is supposedly putting your work first in your family second She also pulled us some say technique claiming that an unnamed some say that a making this decision Edwards is displaying a quite a case of insatiable ambition And pursuing this line of repeated questioning of course correct ignorantly pretty well-known psychological Video of work during health care crises She also ignored the fact that this is an immensely personal decision that doesn't require some ultimately dollar journalists to Before my televised get most out of interrogation in order for viewers at home to glean the news value And most incredibly she ignored her own behavior when her spouse would diagnose with cancer That's right kitty Kirk has never was diagnosed with cancer in 1997. I did a quick check of the transcript for that year And it's pretty clear that you kept working as the anchor for NBC today show if not full time then pretty close to it I want to be extremely clear that correct continued to work while our husband was sick was entirely her editor Families personal decision. I'm not gonna come out on the merits of that decision not because I think it was a bad one or a good one Because it's an entirely personal decision really who the hell am I and who the hell is anyone? The question someone's decision to keep working your family health crisis It's not up to me or you or anybody else to decide whether such a decision for Katie Kirk and her husband or John Elizabeth Edwards is a good or bad decision Because it's an entirely personal decision whether you're an national TV anchor a presidential candidate or any other damn thing I don't care if you're running for some pre-meat or the galaxy your choice about whether to continue working at a time of family health crisis It should be entirely your own without fear of journalists trying to get a good scoop I wonder how Katie Kirk would have reacted back in 97 if people started interrogating her about why she was working during her husband's tragic illness I'm guessing she wouldn't have reacted too kindly to it which she shouldn't have why should she she would have every right to be pissed off That's why I couldn't believe she of all people in system this line of interrogation I was frankly amazed at the Edwards. It didn't give up and walk out. I'm a third or fourth question along these lines Kirk at one point said that politics is a cynical business and the Edwards is laughed as if to say Da It is a cynical business, but it's cynical because people like Katie Kirk are so utterly costig and so utterly devoted to the scoop That they insist on exploiting even the most personal personal issues regardless of their own personal experiences Pretty good cramped David Cerotta political strategist near times best selling author. Yaddi Addi Addi and a portrait in a pear tree Katie Kirk my ass Some journalists she ain't even very I'm here 1209 votes on our award winning pool even over 15.4% of the number keeps going up and up and I'm we're gonna give you a Stachaneal we're gonna stick it to you. We're gonna make you feel like you want to blow your brains out or at least go out on the balcony with that pigeon and look straight down I mean, I'm a few floors up, you know, I could Yeah, and like I told you before the problem with that whole deal is you can get halfway down and you change your mind You know, yeah, it's suck There's not good feel like an idiot too. I know you haven't taken feel like an idiot What you know you'd have to like in golf, you know what they yell for you know, like on the way down Make sure nobody pin in the s-bison to get spider done that with it And Norma Kent writes me and I just I waited again on my hot mail. You know As opposed to off the blackboard to see if if it would sit in differently with me it did not It was just isn't a lame just as unacceptable just as broke test just as nine funny He writes or here's something else you can rip me about on the ear that I'm a jackass and as useless as useless as breasts on a Rattle snake You want me by that because he don't stay kept lovely breasts you ain't gonna get anywhere near it Same thing. Oh, no, I was like oh, I'll love me. We talk it over here I mean succulent we've already done supple and gorgeous Perfectly shaped. We can't be talking about breast too much here. Okay, because then joy so good all the notion man I bet you she's saggy all the way down to where ankles joys can you even imagine So make you go there. I don't want to Conjure that up. Oh, yeah But discussing that it's almost as gross test. That would be a good pull question What's more disgusting with the afghan's use the toilets or joyous his boobies? Huh? Think about either one of them man. We respect there a lot of people out there who just finished lunch Our baguette is profusely. It's a bad idea Country up either one of those images. How much joys are squatting on one of the afghan toilets? How do you like that joys? Yeah You bitch And to be goes on these people butterbeep, but it would put it up and properly go loose and she's worried about this one and about that Yeah But she sure is on that word about this show between 10 and two every day I'll take it that right now Because she hates us Me especially, but you as well because you know you guilt by so seeing and crazy Friends, that's right joys like poison like poison speaking of a rattlesnakes She has a venomous hate toward us She's she's spewing her event in like that guy said it's by jealousy And what what is that what is that one? Oh, it's one of the voice-mails. Isn't it? What are you guys talking about that moron about you? Yeah, I'm feeling my event him well fine one Should we get to play it? This is now that's not the guy. No An a listen I know my uh that's Oh here go maybe this one Yeah WCM for I show five to six years and I want to more than show evolve and everything and I have a problem I'm taking like it's cool And thinking commercial for for the guy that curses Mass the nasty things and there's no warning it just blurts out You know And yeah, and you can hear the bleep you can hear the You know You're the victim in this voice and you know, I don't have it I win the wizzy of the victim. That's why I was that story is now played here to fit him in his voice And this guy's got kids this guy's reproducing okay, and I've got lots of venting in my voice and I'm flirting out F u on the radio right Then there's a lot of for your man See my suggestion is that if you've got your kidney card you're all worried what he's gonna hear I got my pants and shirt on by the way for wood by an archer product But if you weren't about that change the dial okay your kid will show you how to do it You'll probably reach right over and turn it right back out of this show You probably have it a hell of a time Sure as hell better than that country kiss crap you're listening to oh sorry Joe, sorry It's in the said that to me Whatever Well, that's cuz I'm not a team player like they call the other thing You're not a team player, no, and if you were you would let Kenny and Boa have their guest on for as long as they wanted in your time stuff like that Do you think? Absolutely Absolutely 10 minutes after one at five sixty wq is good And now another parenting tip from Kevin Fetterloins Hey, oh, was the obstkay event with parent and tips Hey, finish don't pull out the baby knows here for clean their ears with a gun holes So the ears will be clean you feel the look of water Then you got a whole lot of Sarah problems with which it died this elegant knows here if you pulls out one of those heads Oh, I'll come out the rain right out the nose Oh, if you need me and you burped his bark around your mistress and be honest bodies You welcome this has been another parenting tip from Kevin Fetterloins For your father for your father father and 43 votes on a poll 1243. That's not too bad But who's counting? Wait to hear this this is gonna get you really my new in care when he actually would all the pending a witcher smoking I was gonna see you know the smoker but then again it all depends right sometimes I'm on fire and that I was focused some time sometimes on So I've been told This is in yesterday's Toronto star and what amazes me and again We went out care about what's happening in Canada Canada sucks new. Oh, I try I forgot But I'm gonna tell you anyway Because in a country that supposedly is progressive is this one generally is you know on like on you know Merrill merge you we need and the gay rights and gay marriage and just a whole variety of things you know and personal freedoms This just frost my ass a little bit even on not a smoker See I'm out of those people who's who's all in favor of banning things that have to do with other people that you know in other words If it's not my own personal ass to grind that I don't care about it that selfish is what that is And there is few things in war and the world that are worse than being selfish No smoking apartments question mark health minister says he thinks debate on the subject we have fine idea a idea The time has come to debate whether or not smoking should be banned in some apartment buildings Ontario Health Minister George Smithman said yesterday and mid growing pressure to curb the deadly effects of Second-hand smoke and high-rise buildings While Smithman said he'd rather see market forces rire bland lords to declare their building smoke free He ignores do it would be worth having the discussion about whether legislation would be necessary to back up any ban We've got to look at it from a regulatory standpoint. He said we sure will do that There'll be a good discussion, but there's a lot of power in the hands of the people who he said landlords hospitals and anti smoking activist Say they would welcome a debate about banning smoking in some apartment buildings Because they say tenants don't have the choice of a smoke free environment now Sounds like somebody's blown a lot of smoke to me Premier Dalton McGinney who has previously ruled out banney smoking in cars or children are present because it'd be slippery slope Was less eager to debate the issue That's not something we're considering know he said in Peterborough when asked whether anti smoke and law should be extended to apartment buildings Lawyers and politicians are always necessary to bring about social change to minimum said Said in the example of hotels that have gone entirely smoke free Private developers and landlords in British Columbia, Manitoba and South of the border in Michigan have also banned smoking in similar apartment buildings and condominiums Smoking is currently prohibited in elevators. How is other common areas in Ontario but not in apartment residences? You know something that they try to pull that is that they're gonna start smoking snow is so easy again Whether Ontario wants to change that is open for debates minutes, it'll have to drag me on here kicking and screaming man I just hate that kind of stuff It's an debate. I mean Gallagher said tenants across Ontario would love to have Gallagher who speaks for the Ontario tobacco free network Said two polls conducted last year for the network suggests that people want the choice of living in a smoke free building Well let him move for Christ's sake, okay, go find some other militant lunatics You maniac Some 64% of respondents to the polls that they prefer a smoke free building Over one worst smoking was permitted while 46% of apartment owners said smoke from the neighbors has seek into their units. Oh, I hate when smoke Seeps into your unit. Don't you all the time? God If they want to open up this debate and we'll just like you that's good Gallagher said it would good people talking We need the industry to respond to market demand by offering some choice The polls conducted March in November last year surveyed some 18 of the Ontario residents and are considered equity But Vince Brech here present and CEO the Federation of Redwell housing providers are Ontario said landlords can't make building smoke free without some provincial muscle Landlords can't have a tenant who has a pet little woman forced a smoking ban. He said oh really they can't have a Invict attendants got a pet. I didn't know that I think I'm gonna go out and give me a dog and then you you'll see how fast they'll pick my ass out of her What were you laughing about I like like the way those dogs are and a little broad. I get a dog that can do it in a music trick like the one under the video Like the one and I'm still I keep checking every break to see if Spaz the Spaz spastic there in a highly has recently that thing he hasn't done it Well, at least I got to see I like my ass off. I thought it was and I immediately clicked to approve it and it just vanished and Their little thing came on her the the item you're trying to approve has been yeah Set off an outer space sent to Uranus or some crap like that there was a technical problem There's always technical problems if it's really funny it's like us we got some stuff here That's really funny in the DCS course we can't play it. That's the point For I give you a register quick example Listen to me. It's just stand by and sneak can't play that that's a funny bit right Can't play it. I'm saying another one That one can't you know that you're away. Hey could let him say it what's that planet? My name is the way I turn a little I am a little sound that was a chirp scratch is that what was yeah Yeah, he was a chirp and over there. Maybe I'd maybe a M&M's got chirpies wouldn't surprise me when surprised me What he's got all I'll be honest with you though. I hate to admit this. This is a terrible thing to admit But in some pictures where he's like standing like you know almost naked. He looks pretty good Okay, I hate to say that because I can't stand no what I can stand what he pretends to be music because it just all man You like that's all What's that I do like that. Let me use to our read the lyrics or play the thing with that was a just a lyrics the dry voice of that the dry voice of the original Now we need to play that anymore. Yeah. Yeah, yeah careful now. No I'm just trying to get back to to this I can't drive voice. I guess you make different sounds with him out there if you have like a moist voice Wow, and if you have a moist voice, there're gonna be a lot of questions asked. I'm sure that especially in America, baby So anyway Hell me sure presence the old the Ontario Hospital Association said of the province can do something to Minigate the harmful impact of second-hand smoke issue that why don't we just put everybody in jail a Etsy American way. Let's make it a Canadian way too way Good, godly Miss mom. I can't people enjoy anything. No mole Can't they do nothing and like I said I'm not a smoker and I do agree like in a place like casinos I hated that it falls through an agro false before they finally last summer They finally made the smoking band they extended to there and it's not that I'm a middle-zoned and I smoker if you want to build up a good tool We're not fine if you're still a blow it in my direction. That's all And it's one thing about a lot of you smokers out there you sit down like in a casino like that and a hold They hold I mean you see there's like enough ashes on there You could build a mountain with a damn thing and instead like fucking the ashes and then making it less Agrobating they hold a thing there in this burning and burning and they know it's like laughing in your direction It's like they're taking a fan and blow it right at you know Not to it speaking of blowing $45 million Erdy Erdy Erdy Erdy Yeah, hardy hardy hardy hard. How many did people we got today? W you bastard you you butcher cut the pork. Yeah cut the crap how's that cut the pork you're good at knife 1251 I don't know if we're gonna do it now you better start pushing this Chris 1253 I thought 13 that was a give me that's why I wasn't pushing on it look at him I was still need 47 votes in 38 minutes. I mean this is barely more than one a minute you're worrying too much I'm gonna told that before again exactly those words, you know You worry too much and there got that for my mother. I'm gonna stop worrying always Stop it give it back to her. No, then not as funny you said that you worry too much. I would told exactly Words I think you're going to work No, George didn't say the close personal friend of mine said that you worry way too much Unseveral occasions and I should I should have said well, that's just me I'm just a smuck but then again everybody knows that still 1253 We need 47 votes in 37 minutes and we're not we're gonna wait a minute 37 minutes is that right? That's correct. I know what my math is talking bad here because that's about the one thing I know how to do Is the math crap I've seen you ready to attorney general Alberto Gonzalez is decided against testifying before lawmakers about her role in the Austrians of a federal prosecutors Monica goodlings and I'm not Monica we can't have another Monica. I wonder if she wears a blue dress See we can't play any of that stuff with any more either can we Oh, I'm okay, huh? Okay, I want go with boys We can't say no when's good. That's better got bad implications What nothing Well, least at least the thing doesn't say in and out of just as into yeah Monica goodlings announcement that she would take the fifth amendment to avoid possibly including any herself came as the embattled attorney general Cast himself as misunderstood and it's conflicting accounts of his involvement in the firing Goodlings adjusted department's liaison of the White House said I don't want to testify Remember that song I love that song. I got it here somewhere Everybody chicken that said it to me long time ago the parlaments and I want to testify speaking of Faggot's man the parlaments. How do you like that? Now if you were to smoke we're kind of cigarettes with you smoke not candles What are candles now what about Chris Chris ever been a smoker? Nope I smoke cigars for a couple of times, but not anymore a couple of times. Well, what does that mean like when you know a couple of friends weddings You know to the bachelor parties and the weddings stuff like that, but yeah, that was about a year and a half period and then I stopped doing it That's good a little kid you man. They'll absolutely kid you I'm not gonna I'm not gonna lie to you. I love a good stoichi and of course being a racetrack person I got what I have it to do in that for years and years and years I love a good cigar man almost I mean there are few things are like better well So a few oh Smoke pouring from a high rise building a downtown Chicago look at that on that roof Now we're being told the building is evacuated they evacuated Just as a precaution, but there it is 500 West Monroe if you know the Chicago area Just west of the Chicago wherever you see firefighters there on the roof and they're pouring at least trying to get there I'm no ruling to go now I'm just flames out it appears to be smoking now don't see any flames or at least visibly So us look at the name god the handle and we'll definitely stay on top of this story high rise fire in Chicago No injuries that's a good news on this happening right now Well thank you so much there you go Smoke is pouring I agree with you about that song and so much better than the drifters Yeah What about this town you're sometimes there are versions of song I mean that one little darling by the gladiola's which I guess if you're from New York maybe remember that but little darling was and The diamonds was the big hit un little darling from about like 58 59 way back when before most of you were born There you go that's the diamond first See what I mean yeah, and that was the big hit and of course that's because there are a lot of people out there I'm like yours truly have really bad taste 21560 An audience will be excited to hear the new Come on Yeah, you got comedy big. Well, it's so sports related which could be the situation. Oh, no, it's sports related alright and that's what makes it fun at call a fun Funny yeah funny for us to giggle Okay, here it is gentlemen. Both you out there. I can get this electronic device to work Oh Sounds my mouth I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make it out with my mouth I'm making a sound with my mouth I make sounds I make sounds I make a sound I make my mouth With my mouth With my mouth With my mouth With my mouth With my mouth I want to play to a jilly I'm going to relax to be on his baby at a pigeon on the railing out there looking out on my patio, you know And a sonny shining and there's a pigeon squatting right there on my railing How do you like that? I don't Probably because I see that Because I see that you just send me I just send it to somebody else. I think about the oh The Miguel sent that to me. I thought it was a sterile well I'm forwarding it to a real I know hot dogs. What is it again? I talked for the home of a dog hot dogs for a humble fob It's a lovely thing Well kind of From over 69 volts we need 31 more in 27 minutes. She does just burn in more than one minute Anybody can do that And then as we get toward the last I think what we're going to do maybe just today I don't think we need to do it every day Okay, well, well, we need to evaluate what happened here today because you know As of Monday see what I'm going to do I'm going to say to right now And that is that I'm not turning on this film monitor again until they do something You see what I'm saying Mm-hmm In other words they they can and not not that they're going to say anything because they'll never say anything As you well know everything is said behind your back. Oh You know Neil show us so much better when he's taken over his calls from those morons and when he interacts with a call But you know something if it festival you feel about it and do something Joe do something Don't keep sending meaningless emails to norm about well you're going to be out in yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi And one of these days and but it would put it up and we'll pass it by Joyce and pass it around the dinner table and see who grabs it You know grab this Now can you hear that That loud enough and well, maybe if I open the other mic Here what can you either cool you listen? Nope, you can't hear it out there in a peto. It is just nauseating. Yeah nauseating And it reminds me of cats that's one of the reasons I hate cats so much is the other way to come in There really creepy way you know rubber against it. You're like when all this static electricity like oh Fag get away from me, you know if somebody I want to rub up against my leg it sure is hell isn't you I mean the cat I wasn't talking to you or are you great trust all 72 on the floor We're gonna get that 1300 I got my shoes on my pantaloonies man my shirt I'm all set for woodbine and I'm gonna win them I would buy and maybe I'll have some hot dogs for homophokes They got some good weeners up there at the track David Stockman former top budget in the Reagan White House and three others were charged Monday and the lead security conspiracy in board one of North America's Various are parts do is before they supply or collect in the bankruptcy Stockman was former chairman of the CEO of Michigan based eight men corporation It was budget director and the president Ronnie Ray gun. There are a bunch of crooks. That's what I've been tried to say for a long time haven't I? All bunch of crooks Republicans Democrats independence conservatives liberals Homioncles whatever they are I do like chimey uncle. I'm gonna write him in good Chimey uncle and makes you pivic now what when is it is it the Sunday you told me is pays off Geez I thought it's Friday It is not Friday. That's just right She needs Monday Sunday it's Sunday Monday it's Sunday Monday Monday Don't be no train by pace off baby. I'm sorry right now You're I never made that bacon damn it you forgot to remind me well two I now What would mean two laid now? Two laid now. Obviously. That's too late two laid now my asthma is to we got 24 minutes and we only need the 20 votes on a poll against the 13 now We got that made in the shade What I was gonna say is that you know, I think we need to analyze what they're all we're doing here and the since we're entirely You know switch in a show around and nobody nobody in the building of course gonna say anything You know, cuz you think Claire is gonna copy and say oh gee, I think near we gotta be taking call. Is he gonna do that? No Do you think Joel Bell is gonna come there maybe Carol King it's too late Jacket really even heard I talked enough you know something I am so good that sometimes I'm embarrassed by it I know that sounds very you know stuff Self-serving but sometimes I scare even myself. You do all right for old man See there we go the old man stuff No, no you're right you're right. I was you know No, no let me ask you this. Oh, I'm let's do it after the break because I wanted to discuss that all right I actually wrote that with one of my favorite correspondence this morning about you know And I'm starting I don't know is it that I'm waxing philosophical out of the beginning You're closer to death or I mean I don't think about dying except that Monday when I want to like Inducate you know from the show and the station But I am not one of those people it's just back oh gee, I got a hang nail. I think I'm dying over here You know like that considering considering all the crap that I eat right I bet it like yesterday with at All that score ice cream not rolling those dice by the way speaking of rolling dice Past take in the hallway in the way back from the magic room and he says that everything that you say about this place is Goes triple yeah Amen Amen brother and then some yeah, they sure jerk Tim around man sticking around in a morning making him get up for 30 in a morning and all out of the Crappied if treated him like garbage and that's the way this company is in one I don't know what cuz they're desperate they're flailing around man desperately reaching grabbing you know Trying to get a hold of something good And they can't do it because they screwed it on. What do I tell you when they brought in Greg broke the egg? What do I tell you when you break in egg? It's not like Humpty Dumpty you know when all of a sudden you put the pieces together Again, that's a fairy tale It's really remember that was the other mortals all the Kings horses and all the Kings men couldn't put Humpty together Right then the the LQAM when Greg broke the egg That's what the deal was but anyway, let love don't let me forget when we come back after the break I'm gonna go make my bacon too. Which probably is not like good for it's got all the nitrates in there All that stuff But I want to talk about this whole business about getting old and the you you change your your attitudes about life change when you get that You know and I don't know whether that was because of that Jacob business that whole my And that's a whole initiation in my space was not was not a healthy thing I mean I don't regret it cuz I got some terrific friends on there now that I wouldn't have met otherwise No, that would not be good, but you know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know I'm saying I'm getting old. There's round Marciano there. I couldn't be getting tool because I see him And I get like hey, Rob, you know like that and like when I saw that picture of our friend Mark the soccer player would have broken like on our my space on Monday And I looked at that and I couldn't be getting that old because I thought Like that that's exactly and when he responded to my email I talked to myself that's a good guy, you know that's a good. Yeah, what a sense of humor But anybody that looks like that and is taking all his modeling pictures almost naked all the time He's got to be used to everybody including a bunch of old facts like me drooling and getting all wild and like hot and by the And I'm like that, you know like that and that's exactly the way I looked at so I can't be getting that old, you know Maybe it's just that I'm thinking about it more and just capable of doing it less you think that's possible It's possible Kind of like when you get married, you know what? Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq And it's important to make this point at the outset The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program There is no denying that the president lied to the American people This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety It's also something I enjoy It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life The president and his administration paid our country and hate the liberties for which we stand They dwell on the shadows have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible and none of us should want it any other way Oh Probably 90 years ago, and he just said what is going on. I did a horrible thing here during the abre What all you know someone came up pretty good. Oh, good microwave bacon Should microwave one of those pigeons I Used to regular like facts paper oh And I put it on that in the microwave and then when it was in and man, it's it's like 10 times crispier than it is on a paper towel How do you like that? You guys that I probably call it all the chemicals from the of paper Yeah, not that there aren't any in paper towels. So you know, no, there's sure or not You better stop spreading that proper gandomister and And I took some paper towel out of the garbage that I used yesterday and just stopped off all that you know You got to do that You have to stop off the extra grease unless you're crazy person. You know let's see have a death wish Oh, and fact look oh because because this other paper isn't absorbent oh My god take a puke at that It's got like all the grease and fat is like mung all over that other paper that's not good 1291 and a pool we need nine more votes and we got the 13 minutes should be easy shouldn't I don't want to eat on here, but I have no choice because I'm sure my my lesbianies is Terrorist cab drivers are gonna permit me to be no bacon. I don't know if it's a lot You know He don't like eating in the cabin in the first place. He would he would love me do it Because I'm his number one customer he loves me. He loves my money. He doesn't love me. He loves my money right And that that's an interesting distinction that somebody love you or do they love your money? That was pointed out to me. They very astute email I got this morning. I was very a precipitated Did they care about you or did they just want your money? You know How's your buddy Chris doing by the way did he ever acknowledge getting that thing did you send that I just sent it? Didn't acknowledge it though. Yeah, hmm Really have to wonder about some of those people on it I just like staring that up again because I'm a certain people paranoid like your Chris right Chris right now you Chris 1294 are we got 13 every made in the shade Of course I can't talk about this whole old age thing maybe I'll talk about tomorrow And then the people across the street will say see we told you all the old guys are there a good way And the guys that used to be popular we got the young hip guys, you know Like send the kid Once it's trend coming out do we have any idea? I don't know They probably have to look it up You don't think Chris is gonna come right in there and say oh, it's gonna be on Friday or some crap like that do you know you don't do that right? I know how to do what look it up that you do of course I can do I can do it during there today last break Of course once we go to the last break we don't come back cry. I can always talk over you know I can interrupt Man, this is good, but this is not a good idea though. You think What are because they the bacon is obviously absorbing whatever chemicals are in his damn paper What do you mean why not are you a crazy look if you make paper with chemicals then they're in the paper towels also Yeah, but paper towels are like soft and fluffy and very they seem like almost Oh, yeah, they can't have chemicals in there. That's right like you like how you're in a hospital I think they get them for soft and fluffy Chemicals right Hmm man You know, I would say right now that this is the best bacon I've ever nuked in my life This bar is big me hungry. I'll tell you Hmm I like the other best of meals big Yeah, like that Okay, let's take a look at that pull result. I don't want to I don't want to get all into that other thinkers I don't have time to do it and make it sound good idea anyway, you know But you do as you get older you become a different person you really do I never realize that what I tell you about one day I woke up and I realized it was the old not good I don't remember exactly which day that was because if I would if I would have known for sure that day That's today what a jump you're going out of the balcony 1294. We still need six votes don't stop now Don't go back in a way now 1295. We still need five and we only got ten minutes to do it I mean you think it'd be automatic, but you know this crowd. They like they look to oh look at that down to 15.1% I hate this pool. I know I feel better. Which you feel a little bit better. Oh yeah So let me ask you a question since it's now the what is it's the second that's one of the second day yesterday was still or yesterday was spectacular And don't forget cold stone creamery kosher certified That's what it says on the website certified kosher not just not just claiming to be kosher, but certified probably by the head rebe, you know by some big shot and Certainly kosher for pace off So what do you think Chris what's your analisation you're the expert now? I Miss some of the calls Not the weirdo's though You missed some of the calls Not what it had you it adds a little bit of flavor every once in a while Okay, although I must say you know Monday and somebody else is outwrages We are 1,300 though We are well, that's one thing Let me see see the thing isn't it's not flashing because I haven't been taking any calls for two days Oh, I'm waiting man look at this can this be oh Line one is working Yeah, George came in and tested yesterday he didn't only to tell you if you wanted you to find out yourself You mean course, oh yes, sir. Schmuck WQA and hello Hey me, are you doing okay, sure you one of the good calls at Chris Miss I was trying to call you yesterday You don't have three sizes like it loving and gonna have it, right? What's that what what are they swallowing even large but I mean the large is really large So what are you talking about the sizes of the ice cream serving that call it close stone Right, it's the lightest moment. I got to have it So what time I went there one and only time I swear to God I thought I was going to die better coba I got the founders whatever you mentioned yesterday I forgot the name of it Let me tell you something you have a healthy nail 30 something workout and the sugar level and I think almost killed me I had a spoon So don't try it buddy you're gonna kill yourself by eating that. I'm on the way to Rochester this weekend I'll see you in done this for everybody. I'm right pal. How you like that or maybe buffalo? How a lot of I don't I'm not ready to go to buffalo They might have four feet of snow there this weekend. There's no snow here and you know anywhere But no in buffalo For this stuff is so damn good. I'm so glad you came up with the idea of my mechanism Me too Oh, I was it is hungry until now. Can you hear out crispy this One for the first time to use and I'm I think I like that nobody on it We find it get it to ring and there's nobody online one WQAM hello Okay, so what you say Chris? Yeah, I like to go out the call so I can I can live either way but I'm sure it's how I'm gonna go through a whole show again like Monday That ain't never gonna happen again And like I said it's just a question of whether you know whether my agent slash lawyer who's a very silly queen You're fair whether he really is serious about you know getting Joe Bella holding his nose to the fire or not And I really doubt it because he's he's always got you know Well, I've got to so and so I'm gonna be on my show on I'm whatever make believe Stacy's on this week. You know that has no audience that's stuff And you know what else we got to do is to break I failed to yield their crosswalk I changed lane fear sexed my change lanes without signaling while running or I just Need you to step out to be a Some Oh yeah Watch out for the guns they'll get you I've made a mistake the one thing that they cannot believe It's I Another Yeah Crazy when it's done. Bye bye. Bye.