Sometimes I feel that lines is nothing made by Sometimes I feel that people don't want to fall And I turn on my radio, it makes me smile like a child The old Rogers on my radio, the old Rogers on my radio You fell, yeah Hello, hello, yes, yes, this is Puba You're talking to me, you're talking to me, is that Puba Ronnie? Not Ronnie? Yes, Puba, Ronnie, I'm all in life And does the member that name not Ronnie? Yes You want to talk to a member named the Puba Ronnie? Yes Puba, please, please, please, please What is this? Puba, please, please, please, please, please, please Puba, Ronnie, please, please, please That's Ronnie, that's Ronnie That's Ronnie That's Ronnie Nobody, but that's me No, I'll be fine No, keep me running That's what I'm saying That is, two men we can't play the real good ones Oh, yeah, why all this is a lot of good stuff we can play I'm so whipped up about the, you told me actually about this disc No matter what kind of what, um, this disc that you sent me long time ago I think, just scouring through here And there are some really great stuff on here Yes, there is, including all that borne stuff Do you know a coffee, butchick? Hello See now when you get the movie with the real subtitles Who? I beg you for an hour I like you, do you like me? I do like you You're my friends You're a nice young man and I am your friend You want to be my boyfriend? Yeah, how long do you have boyfriend? Why not you go and I can do it I can do it I can be different No boyfriend, yeah I can I sure want to, you got to see it This is some cool day The movie's robbing chair, don't move on It's been in my guns I'll tell you which one of these are like the best is Mitch Lewis Oh yeah Great, my slowest Lewis I'll burn the key When is my phone? I'll burn the key When is my phone? I'll burn the runnin' I'll burn the runnin' I'll burn the runnin' Kill you, cocky, I'll finish it Alright There we go And until you've got your people on Of course, Mitch is on I'll burn the runnin' Mitch, you're cool Kill Abira That's also Mitch I'll burn the runnin' That's also Mitch And Mitch, no It isn't? Of course it is Okay You think I'm stupid or something? I don't answer please Why is it Mexican doing it? No, it's Mexican, I see you I see you What is it? Why is this Mexican nearby? So, guys, I'm so happy I can't stop the world I'll burn the runnin' Wow, wow, wow I'm so excited I'm so excited Makes me smile, I'm so excited And I know my way to go Me, all I just don't want my way to go I just don't want my way to go Get it You don't want my way to go You feel it You don't want my way to go Oh, okay Oh, hey, hey, exactly But there's a whole bunch of them Two of them we can't say they're really good One that I like the best but we can say they're Should we go? Sure I'm so excited I'm so excited Hey, I'm so excited Short and sweet to the point My favorite though, the original is always the best Oh, whoa, whoa Sometimes I feel Like life, pass me by Oh, sorry Sometimes I feel That's a good thing Like people, the worst mind Who will listen to your show? A very nice, meanest, delicate child You walk the life, tell me what's up You can never get by my friend They're called her own radio You want to touch the car on a radio From my radio You're a rock solid So that was an end-time of play It's really a good thing I guess we do I don't know So you know, I showed Bokebrun did want to see that movie I showed him one scene from it For it Yeah, and I thought he was going to vomit and die Really? So please, that's the way I felt watching that Raising your results Well, watch a couple scenes of thought I was going to vomit and die But for different reasons, trust me Because not cause it was funny You know, I was thinking to myself as I watched that Well, a polycraft man, that's what I was thinking This is a real gem zone here on this disc Together Some of the lost treasure For example, he had her wildest thing That was the idea No, she doesn't have it That's not true at all Don't you don't have a penis It's a wonder-developed penis That's what I was holding on to the small child Bobby isn't in fact that it's really You were talking about the small child You said that you were a hamac for that I was holding a lot of things When I was a small child So were you lied to you Bobby? I don't think I was lied to about my past No, no, no, no, no Did you live your life in your early informative years as a woman? Yes And it is totally... It is totally... My whole life! How? I had the wonder... I'm a very athletic person I've always been a jeans and t-shirt type of girl You're fair I wonder when it could unclose I look like a duck I wonder if it's the way I wear my hair People are going to think I'm a duck Absolutely I wonder what people are thinking about me I'm not wonder how I'm handled And I let things happen to me How could I say so? I always check the package, baby That's my best suggestion Just take a whole fake horse nip Can't hurt his open side I don't believe He doesn't care He doesn't care So there's Al Gore seeing me The former vice president is happening now I'm seeing him in your... Oh my god He is... Good intentions I'll give him that You know, of course he was elected president in 2000 But all those things aside He just... It's like a comedy, you know? Anyway, here's the appell result from yesterday And we killed a lot of good time with it Sometimes I feel... I love that stuff Called living in the past I guess Well, the past part of the past wasn't so bad In fact, there are stuff If we could just select those portions of the past That we could go back and relive Mmm... Mmm... He needs a... And yeah Woo! Take me back to World Cup week It's not that long ago Memory is still fresh in my mind 1524 votes on a full-for-miss today If somebody from other town visits I'll show it to make sure they don't miss And look at this man You talk about a feather in my cap DelGuy The legendary neo-rod you sure wins hands down your pants 387 Make sure they don't miss it I would advise them not to come in a first place 358 That's my advice Anybody listening around the universe Oh look at this hundred-slot up for sheep testicles Well, we'll get to that story in a moment Soundfeeds 297 There you go A lot of plastic people would like a lot of jewelry Like tons of jewelry Just dripping from their neck And lots of gay people They're outbound flight Don't miss that one 79 In fact, you'll probably after the first hour To you one return to my make sure you catch it I hate this pool only 73 Amir 4.7% not bad The song rest meals small I've made it so small to you man 42 I have no idea You know, look at that totally You know where it is compared to my house I don't know what the big attraction is Maybe somebody can explain it to me The song rest meal a month It's big 700 different languages spoken there every day Not one of them is English 42 votes Little Havana speaking knowing less 39 No speaking English a key The only word dinner 31 The juggle queen dinner cruise 31 Lots of juggle queens My kai 23 I don't get it Ah cemetery, there's 22 Metro Zoo 22 The monkey juggle 12 The perichuggle only five So Tom Fochinkway and this kai only three Now that's kind of surprising isn't it? I mean we put it on the the ass into the pool But nevertheless yeah, well whatever Only three for this kai which is supposed to be like legendary What's the big deal or I've never been there? What's the big deal or I've never been there? What's the big deal? It's a big beautiful garden beautiful house beautiful and takes for people who are into that kind of thing For big houses in the big big old houses with the carven statues and great I think the society was into big stuff Was he? 797 votes on the days full so Chris can just sit back easy And duck brought everybody in breakfast there this morning Nice old. Oh no, it's crazy he brought in an order chicken fingers for us to share But thank you, Doug. I gave it to Chris And then I thought you said he brought everybody in breakfast Like he brought a lot of food in To try to pacify you because it's charred Wednesday You guys keep getting the scoot over every Wednesday Because nothing's taken care of so in order to pacify for that He brought you in an order of chicken fingers Yes, which I gave to Chris But thank you. What's up just the same? Yeah, what is the big deal with that? He paid for it himself Wow, woo, heavy duty, Duster. Hey, Doug, you're fairie 11 past 10 at 5. 6. Do you got no ball game today? We got a full four hours man We got a lot of additions to our pool for today I see Tom Brady's already on there And most of the guys want to be Tom Brady It's not because well because they want to be wealthy And he want to be a big famous jacce Because of who he's doing, you know They want to take his place And who can blame them when he can write down with I wouldn't mind being Tom Brady I'd rather be Brady Quinn he's few years younger Although if I was Brady Quinn I would have got a Notre Dame Could I ever live that down? Oh no, the fighting hours touch down Jesus Maybe oh brother There's another redundancy What is that? Fighting Irish for that poll that we're going to do? Drunken Irish fighting Irish Drunken Irishman? Oh yeah, I do like that poll's a great idea It's not the loan for tomorrow though I already fact that Derek don't forget to change it This afternoon because it's wood by Wednesday I'll be fighting with a good battle with hopefully a good machine On this afternoon Oh, I think, you know just just Common Luxus, who in a later I'm kind of do you know I mean you think do for a good day at woodman? Yeah, do or not is the case may be through the dust Do do do do do do do do I already done that? I already done do do do No, no, no, no, no Hello everyone this is Mari Poe, we chose to be current affair They don't come any better than Neil Rogers Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq And it's important to make this point at the outset The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq Go out every day and the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions These brave Americans were sent into battle for a delivered falsehood Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program There is no denying that the president lied to the American people This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety It's also something I enjoy It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business And I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life The president and his administration paid our country And heaped the liberties for which we stand They dwell on the shadows Have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained By any standard of morality The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible And none of us should want it any other way Thank you very much Hi, well done Thank you, Dick Hi, I'm 17 at 5.60W to QM happy it wins They two here's our lineup today We got the mad dog at 2 to the power hour Hank in the mad dog together one of those very rare days Between 4 and 5 to 6 noon the power hour Everybody take a shower And then you got Hank Solo with the World Golf Championship Said to round 5 to 7 I love that one promo that we're playing where it's like They're describing golf on a radio that is really a simulating craft Hurricane hotline is 7 and any K-9 and midnight tonight Now what they since they blew out any K he's on more now than he was before And very often hours when people might actually be awake It's scary Speaking of scary right on the heels of that chaney But Doug Thompson writes Are you not going to read that, aren't you? Because you got to get to this pool and there's going to be a zillion Names that people want to put on the pool Let's get a zillion ziny Ziny colors today I got a lot of fun to pull Like those, yeah those are my favorite And him too, of course Doug Thompson says George W. Bush and the looming shadow of Richard N. Nixon With each passing day George W. Bush's actions were mostly mirror those of Another monumentally failed president, Richard N. Nixon, tricky dick Bush's performance to the night trying to wiggle out of the escalating controversy over the Politically motivated firings of eight US attorneys is just another example of Nixon we've worn And a corrupt president trapped by his own lies and malfeasance By refusing to let political guru Carl Roe and former White House council Harriet Myers testify under oath before Congress, Bush is forcing a show down that O'Cryplers' Albany Week in Presidency Yet Bush like Nixon remains arrogant until he end Determined to ignore the law, political necessity or common sense Given the lies on top of lies that the White House's told Congress over the past six years There's no way he's at the House or Senate will accept unsworn Off the record testimony for me the Roe of Ormires The Democratic leadership of Congress and a growing number of Republicans won Both on the record under oath where they can face perjury charges for the lies they will And inevitably tell And increasingly bipartisan anger toward the way the Bush administration Conducts his business surface like a title wave yesterday when a Senate voted 94 to 2 To revoke Bush's authority to replace US attorneys a growing number of Republicans no longer stand By their embattled and scandal written president and Bush like Nixon is finding himself Increasingly isolated from his own party and he merkin people The Bush that appeared before the cameras Tuesday night was not the swag wing W of old But one of the look of a cornered animal wounded but defiant As young reporter writing about a constitutional crisis in 1974 I saw the same look at Nixon's eyes and he scrambled for political cover Amid the growing watergate scandal Nixon like Bush did an accrumming political based treffy as many lies and boss attempts to cover up his misdeeds Nixon released transcripts of White House conversations calling an extraordinary cooperation with Congress And its problem of watergate Last night Bush used pretty much the same words to describe the White House release of emails And other records on the attorney firings History will forever define Nixon's failed presidency through watergate And his flagman attempt to subvert the constitution History will forever define Bush's failed presidency through the Iraq war debacle And as many attempts to subvert the constitution Both men violated their oath to uphold the constitution both failed a survey people both broke the law One residing disgrace The final chapter on the other remains unwritten But we can be sure that the chapter when closed will reveal another sorted period in American history right? Stug Thompson I still don't know what I'm talking about I hope they don't come and get you too soon They're probably trying to try to stand right now They got that IP address And I'd say maybe they got the GP RS They're like you know They're gonna shoot so at home They got their debat Just like that voice got For that voice got that we were treated to 455,000 hours of a cover John I think it's done Just wait for the ABC movie of the week I can't wait Here's the poll today And we already crisped about 832 on there Aren't you really proud of that? Oh I'm super proud 832 votes if you could be Or I see I see let me read it the way it's written Okay, because I didn't write I don't write these anymore And if I could be somebody else for one day I would be You have your 250 See I hate to brag I know what you guys are driving at But the problem is you have to It's probably about 140 years old right now It's probably as limp as a Chinese noodle And you just you know drink heart things for that I've got a lot of good memories I guess That's all you want is my address I probably got that too Probably got like you know some people have balls full of candy on the I'm the only table he's got balls full of all that crap He's got him like in a pez dispenser He carries Oh they still make pez dispensers Isn't that sweet? I love that The only problem with that is that when you're like a sugar holic like I've been almost all my life is it Don't you put a you take that little dispenser like a little cigarette lighter like a little fat lighter We'll fill it up with pez and then you like eat the whole roll He'll have to do a few more I got to be me 209. Oh, let's play that again No, Sammy Davis keep an eye out for Sammy I got to be me 209 That's just knowing this crowd that's particularly ridiculous tiger woods 100 Huh, and that's that because of his hot blonde wife is out with that's all about it's got to be yes and his money Well, there you go. It's not a bad combo. Probably that's why he's got that hot blonde wife. There's no question I hate this folks that kind of like Wayne Grisky needle nose I mean who the hell would want it get anywhere near him but he's got a hot young blonde wife There's a lot of money. I hate this pool 59 and 7% that's a little bit too high if he acts me Howard Stern 42 built in 40 Neil Rogers 36 The only thing I could say about that is view where me for one day you could be legendary for a day or let the old TV game show queen for a day George W. Bush 35 Anyone but who I am 29 Ha ha ha anybody but me 29 Wayne highs of the 17 Tom Brady is moving up the ladder fast man. They want Tom's action Believe you me. I would mind some action with Tom 12 and he'll reclit in only eight The ice princess who want to be here. Well, that's just the reason to list that plus Tom Brady's in addition He's an add on Cling on an add on he's already up to 15 vote. He's right on Wayne's ass. If I would anybody want to be Wayne I don't we want to add bill gates on there because of all those money I Thought so that'd be a choice Well, I mean this is going to be a zinnin more names on that pool. This is just the this is kind of a skeleton list from our whoever sent this in over university Dodge who instead of doing any work as busy sending us this stuff every day Which I respect that that's probably guys who aren't trying to do too much work or busy communicating with us That's that's my favorite right five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello Hey, you don't go to the market on yourself WQAM hello. That's correct. Yes, we know why people are going to stop climbing in mountains just a bit of tats And it's cute You can do it from the comfort you're doing right at home, yeah WQAM hello I just said WQAM hello And this is the Monday. I thought for sure that'd be like 80 zinnin additions to the pool. Yeah, I guess not WQAM hello WQAM hello Okay, welcome to an abbreviated preview of our new format on the near larger show. I love it myself. I really do I'm getting into it go with the flow That's what it's called maybe some people think it blow, but I say go with the flow. Remember flow? Who flow from the supreme? That's the way hello Yeah, I go open your pool. Anybody that comes far in need to go to Wow, yes, today's pool. Okay, yesterday's pool. You with a schmuck And how about some silly phrase from my strategy? Let's start getting suggestions for pools that we took like six years ago would be good. I like that Anything we give these people a little something to board out when it down board it out, baby WQAM hello To a M Yeah, I know I would but to be called islands if I think he's single will build against the America's body Ball island if this is buddy and crime. Who's that? You know you forgot you wasn't the guy that was with you when I first started not the owns the couple professional Teams out and port where they call Alan correct. Okay, I put them on there. Nobody knows who the hell I is They accept Chris Chris knows who it is. Why would you want to be him? He's got all of our almost as rich as Bill Gates And he hates yeah, and he owns a couple sports teams out and settle. Well, all right I mean, is that what it's all about if it's got somebody who was forced if it's got somebody who would Josh Josh, maybe let's let's sign on man right now. Let's sign on to it. Let's grab it There's a Josh track involved. Let's sniff it and grab it and see who's wearing it and then run away like hell 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WQM. The world is listening and watching the baby. I need a saturate. I said Josh and let you know finalizer. Got a TV show with New York Jack and unlike Kathy Lee, I'm gonna be black. But first I have to buy past my other reads. Baby, I'll do clock and fill it for me because we just still don't got a clock. I'll punch up the clock. There's no get at my shot. I got a half this print by Rick Cage of hot. I'll got readjust real good. I'll get a clock. That's where it folks. I'm not gonna whether away and die like America's got talent. I've got a great way to the left. Tell me if I've promised to give me a sponge bath. Oh, just kidding. I think what they had to do is have the open art surgery right on the ear on the Registrate in the Kelly show. He seems to be so I help in unlike dying on the ear or whatever. Okay. Maybe I could do it. Virginia City, Nevada. We have eight to sixty in the pool. We have a thousand as a glad and see. No sweat. So we're not gonna pick no number today. It's wood by Wednesday. Don't be picking no numbers. Although if you do pick it up, we're always pick a good number. Hmm. Hundreds line up for sheep testicles also known as land fries. Says here. Thank you. I didn't pour a lot of mail by the way. Hundreds of people waited a line for up to an hour for a chance to say something different at the sixteenth annual mom and oyster fry. Mom and oyster is baby. Oh boy. Service of five boosts dispensed about 130 pounds of fried oysters or sheep testicles at the Saturday event in the historic mining town of our 25 miles southeast of Rwino. Visitors gave mixed reviews to the tiny morsels which can be fried. Bobbicude, stuffed or ground up in sauteed. Hmm. Yummy. People think oh sheep testicles gross but it was pretty good set of man to ponder 20 one of nearby Carson City. Among other things the versatile meat has been used in tacos and sloppy jose. They put the sloppy in sloppy dough. We try to get families from all over the tribe. But if they're all uh-uh said son or rest of the to Rwino. It's just another tender meat. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. She really has a way with words that Shauna. Let's meet her in the sauna. Anyway, and get it ona. A hundred and seventy four hosts on a poll. And Tom Brady is zooming up the list. He's got 18 votes already. If you could be somebody other than who you are. We don't have 80 million people calling in right now with suggestions on this poll. Now that we want that bad thing. Investfully in the word inviting it. When we don't want it, we got can't stand it. Then it's like, I got one for the poll, you know. But that's okay. 560560, Tom 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WDQAM. Hello. I like the Galician boys. Ha ha ha great. I'm happy for you. Come up to Toronto then man. They're all over the place. Yeah. Little Asian boys, old Asian boys, young Asian, whatever. 400,000 Chinese people in Toronto. Not to mention the 80 billion Filipinos and the Koreans and the Vietnamese and the whatever else they are. WQAM. Hello. I think what they are is the word is prolific. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Now I would like to be Jorge Rodriguez. Okay. Let's put George on there. I mean, I'm on there. Why don't I put George on the poll? 560560. What is it? A really crappy start for Wednesday morning. I'll say to that. Feel like I just slowed off at that oblong tale or something. Very weak. And pound 560 lead Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I want to add something to the poll. You want to add something to the poll? I want to add something to the poll. You want to add something to the poll? You want to add something to the poll? You want to add something to the poll? Yes. I want to add something to the poll. Okay. What's his wife looked like? I don't know. That's a good question. He does have a wife. Mm-hmm. And he don't look too good in the beating suit, which is good. We don't want no present who's like some male fashion model like that. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. If I call before for ticket, that's my long number. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's slow down. You call for tickets to what? The most. The next one is the next. Make sure you're the male for bone cam at the hard rock. Well, what do I got to do with them? No, I called before. Did you know Raj? Yeah. I love you, Neil. Well, of course you do. But what do I have to do with bone cam? I left my wrong number when they put me on home. I was stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm the first to say, you know. Well, how are we going to do this? Can you put me on home and put me with a producer or something? Yeah. I'll put you with a producer. I'll put you with a producer. Okay. Enjoy your game, man. You've got somebody's got to go hang on. Enjoy your game, man. Take that guy in line to and give it to Toast or give it to one of those who've bought from that awful, more. I mean, that great morning show. We will. Yeah. See, we take care of this guy. I mean, he sounded like, look, I've plus he knows who I am and he likes me. See, he liked me. Yeah. Otherwise, you would have told him, no, you know. I'd have said, yeah. I'll ask, man. Do you like it? Yeah, I see. He likes him. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, he'll have to run his hayday. Yeah. We get the turn travel to with this pole. Right. On the other words, we're going to like put decades of ages on here also. I would say the 60s for sure. I want to be gangless. Cardinal D was 20. Yeah, that's right. I want to be a junior season when he was like, I mean, well, what kind of cock is that? Excellent. Excellent. He'll have to know in his prime in prime time. Or the Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Are you back against? Jesus Christ. Eight hundred and eighty four votes on the pole. We got 900. Looked by the end of the shower. It's going to be a big day today again. Big, big. The cause are starting to get really good too now. Like this last guy must be who afternoon is prime. See, the question isn't that, I mean, obviously that's going to be as he parted for a lot of you guys because that's you got one track mind like me. So all they know about is who, you know, who can I do? Who can I do? I want to get a lot of action. Yeah, well, so what's wrong with that? Nothing. I would agree with that, certainly. But I mean, if that's going to be the only criterion for who you're going to pick on here. You know, when you rather be somebody bringing the famous, no. How about somebody bringing the famous who gets a lot of action? Oh, it's isn't this cute. I'd be the father of an animal's baby. It says one day is enough time to transfer all that money to my account. Whoo. WQAN hello. I just want to be near a special friend. WQAN hello. Me or someone from a family? I want to go to a family. I want to go to a family. I'm a big part. I want for the poor. Yeah, go ahead. Shakeel on you. Shakeel on you. Shakeel on you. Yeah. One. And I would be here to be out of city. I had the pleasure of going to an house. I worked for a son advice to installations and I had the pleasure of going to the house. And the gentleman has stood down to our person. Being with all the money that he has and all he's really down to our artists and good lot of person. I mean, just the size of that man, you expect every one to. Okay. Just the size of that man. I surprised you didn't say John Holmes if that's where we're going. Whatever. Here's your guy wants to be. Me, Shake, to bed we go. That's what I think he was trying to say. He wants to hang out with Shake. Literally. 884 votes on a poll. 9100 becoming any second now. 892's matter. In fact, not a common in chunks. They took him. Took him a little while to get going this morning. Must have been extra coma inducing. Not don't say that. Why are you starting again with those guys? Right. Now, I'm not doing my duty here to get my copy out. I'm just, I'm just all confused. I think what it started was when duck came in this morning. I thought he brought you guys a whole bunch of food. It's all right. If you don't need to worry about us. No, he should worry about it. I mean, he should have brought you like sacks and sacks full of crap. Or instead of spending, you know, he's own money. He could have gotten the charred guys to take with care of you people, which he did not. Something's going on there that he must not be telling us. What would he mean by that? No, he loves them. They love us supposedly. They don't love me. The charred thing. I love charred. Not totally as it in times. On the way back from my pill doctor in Tamarack. Every time I would stop at that one there on Navajo Road. The same guy. And give me like a sausage with whatever meat. Yeah, sausage with meat is always good. But it's anyway. They don't like me. I mean, maybe they hate you like for maybe. They don't have a lot of money. They're in person. Yeah, it's Chris. Let's play. I said they were there in person. They said what? They said that we love you guys. And you guys are great. You guys are not me. What's the they were talking about? You mean, I get out of here. I started selling like, make green now. Get out of him. Make. But I wonder what Randy says she's so obituary. I'm a woman. I think the staff. Yeah. Oh, she says she's missing. Oh, that takes us all back. 24, run at 5, 60 WQN. Sometimes I feel myself. I know how films presents. The game's greatest scores. He was born Thomas Edward Brady Junior. And the guru, to rule on the England dynasty. Three Super Bowl rings. twice Super Bowl MVP. And a playoff resume. A kingdom of first class ticket to Canton, Ohio. However, his powers on the gridiron gives way only to his powers in the bedroom. For late in the 2006 season Tom Brady achieved the greatest back-to-back scoring feet in the modern era. First he impregnated Sultry Hollywood starlet. Bridget Moynihan. Then against all odds, this heroic field general, bedded and inseminated lingerie Supermuttal. Jiselle Bunchen. A friend. So, in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets. We bequeath the laurels and regal among the game's greatest scores. Number 12 Tom Brady. Nine. Ten 46 house-tabby do it on the pool. By the way, he's all about to transmit both. He's right behind anyone who I am. Larry Cramer writes, why do straight-hate gays nearly times. An 1872 year old gay man isn't hopeful about the future. It's a good article. I'm just going to read it. Larry Cramer's founder of the protest group act up and author of the tragedy of today's gaze. Today's gaze. He says, dear straight people. Why do you hate gay people so much? Gays are hated, prove me wrong. Your top general does call us immoral. The range-in-relpeter-paced chairman of the joint chiefs is in charge of estimated 65,000 gain lesbian troops, some fighting for our country in Iraq. A right-wing political commentator and colbert gets away with calling a straight, presidential candidate to faggot. Even Dyrison Kearhal, people who's making really tacky jokes about gay parents in his column. This, I guess, doesn't qualify as hate, except that it's so distasteful and dumb. Often, a first step on the way to hate. Senators help me write him Clinton and Barack Obama try to duck the questions that paces big if he raised, confirming what gay people know. That there's not one candidate running for public office anywhere, who dares to come right on and equivocally and say, these and support a thing about us. Gays shouldn't vote for any of them. There's not a candidate or major public figure who would not sell gays down the river. We've seen this time after time, even from supposedly progressive politicians like Bill Clinton, with his don't-nastow-tell policy on gays in the military, and it's important that he is defensive mirror-jacked. Of course, it's possible that being shunned by gays will make politicians more popular, but at least we'll have our self-respect. To vote for them is to collude with them and their utter disdain for us. Don't know if you're wonder why heterosexuals treat gays so brutally year after year after year, as your people take away our manhood, our womanhood, our personhood? Why even as we die, you don't leave us alone. What can we leave our surviving lovers as taxed for more punitively than what you leave your legal surviving spouses? Why do you do this? My level will be unable to afford to live in the house we've made for each other over our lifetime together. This doesn't happen to you. Taxation without representation is what led to the revolutionary war. Gay people have paid all the taxes you have, but you have the quality and we don't. And there's no sign that this situation will change anytime soon. President Bush will leave a legacy of hate for us that will take many decades to cleanse. He has packed virtually every court and every civil service physician in line with people who don't like us. So even with the most tolerant of new presidents, gays will be unable to break free from this yoke of hate. Courts rule against gays with hateful regularity and of course the Supreme Court is not going to give us our quality. And in the end, so to speak, it's from the Supreme Court that such equality must come. If all of this isn't hate, I don't know what hate is. Our feeble game movement confines most of its demands to marriage, but political candidates are not talking about it. We're not demanding that they talk about equality. I love her and I don't want to get married just yet, but we want to be sure to be equal. You must know that gays get beaten up all the time all over the world, if someone beats you up because of who you are, your race of ethnic origin is considered a hate crime. But in most states, gays are not included in hate crime measures and Congresses refuse to include us in a federal act. Homosexuality is a punishable crime in the Zidin countries as is any activism on behalf of it. Punishable means prison. Punishable means death. The US government refused our request that a protest after gateeningages were hanged in Iran, but a protest many other foreign cruelities. Who cares if a faggot dies? Parts of the impriscible church in the US are joining with the Nigerian archbishop of the police, gay should be put in prison. Episcopadians, whoever thought we'd have to worry about Episcopadians. A hoover thought we'd have to worry about Florida. A young gay man was just killed in Florida because of his sexual orientation. I get reports of gays lying in our country every week. Few of them even make the news. Few are prosecuted. You consider it acceptable that 20,000 Christian youths make an annual pilgrimage to San Francisco to pray for gay souls. This is not free speech. This is another version of hate. It's all one world of gay hate and it always was. Gays know realized that the more we become visible, the more we come out of the closet, the more we're hated. Don't those of you straight who claim not to hate us have a responsibility to announce the hate? Lies that socially acceptable to joke about girly men or discriminate against us legally with constitutional amendments banning gay marriage. Because we cannot marry, we can pass on only a fraction of our states. We don't have equal part-out parenting rights, and we can't live with a foreigner. We love who doesn't have government permission to stay in this country. These are the equal protections that the Bill of Rights profane for all of us. Why do you hate us so much that you want from it as to legally love? I'm almost 72 and I've been hated all my life, and I don't see much change coming. I think your hate is evil. What do we do to you that's so awful? Why do you feel compelled to come after us with such frightful energy? Do this how how make you feel safer and legitimate? What possible harm comes to you if we marry or are taxed just like you or are protected from assault by laws that say it's morally wrong to assault people out of hatred? The reasons always out for our religious ones, but certainly they're not based on the love all religions proclaim. Any even if your objection to gaze our religious, why do you have to legislate them so hatefully? Make no mistake for making gay people of love or marry is based on hate pure and simple. You may say you don't hate us, but the people you vote for do so what's the difference? Our own company's democratic process, it tears us to be unequal, which means in the democracy that our enemy is you. You treat us like crumbs, you hate us, and sadly we let you do it. I don't hate you, go Larry. You're fair, Larry. What? I don't hate you, man. Well, there you go too bad. Yes you do. So I don't. Let me ask you, well, let me ask you one thing about it. You like it, say. I like my hate on a full day like our poll today. Although they don't. I don't just shot. I mean this poll is so wide open. You thought there'd be as many people that they would want to put on here. You know? As opposed to the stupid thing last Friday, well, of all day stupid expressions. You know what? That was pretty good polls, all right. I mean there's a lot of stupid expressions, and there's a lot of stupid people. And a lot, you know. 9. 22 on that poll. None for George Rodriguez yet. And Paul Owens got to be. He's got one. What? Nobody wants to be you. No question. No kidding. Trust. I think even you probably just going to say that. A Brady Quinn, your buddy, where she says, put Brady Quinn's got more girls than Jerry's got curls. I have no idea what that means. Do you have any idea what that means? No. Brady Quinn put him on a poll right away. Well, there's one. 560560. I already said I wanted to be Brady Quinn. Even so I could just do, kind of have a good time with like myself. WQ, 2 AM, hello. Hey, Neil. How about the ladies and maybe a few of the men out there too. Okay. Vanessa, how are these? Okay. He gets to have done that. So I did that. I knew exactly where you were going. Yeah. You knew where I was going with that in you. So I can recognize. He's probably is a month on, but he gets to have her. Hmm. See that. That's what. I like that. Okay. I'll write. I just wanted for a day. It's a day with him. Okay. I wouldn't leave the house. I had a couple hours with him back on Z to bed day, but I just, you know. And this my chance. Just like Salotso said in the Godfather. I missed my chance. I'm the 101. Remember that? Resur you do. Salotso. I am the 100. Don't start with that Godfather stuff again. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. I have a first one I'm coming about to do. Right. The center is founded on double standard. Splay voters wanted to be free. Yeah. Second I'm going to pull for you for the future. Best year ever for music and music and what? Lovies. Like what movie and what music was out in that year? That's great. Okay. Well, talk about it. Let's also have an 1801 and we'll move on up from there. What do you think? 560-70560. How about this pull today? I don't think this is a bad pull. If I could be somebody else for one day, I would be blank. I mean, you think there's being big choices on there. You know, like, poopy compo. They'd get away. Jean Rayburn. Things like that. You know, Paul Lind. John Stockwell. Welcome to QAM. Hello. Good morning Neil. Good morning sir. Yeah. This is the guy that called a couple days ago with the Luca Brassie. I question. I've, you know, sleep with the features. I had just something else you guys want. I want to check one. I know. I was right. I was a company where I just thought I mentioned it again. You know, I'm going to talk about it. I don't know if I'm going to go out. What is it? The, the only thing maybe, George didn't look at the script. Well, I'm going to wrap the same. If I'm going to talk to him from Miami, I'd have tried to talk to the speaking with Michael Wagening. Rafa to his wife got played there and the casino with the bingo. And she took his hand. And she said hello Mr. Paul. What the heck is that? Mr. Paul? That's what she called him. She called him Mr. Paul when he said hello to him. And they did last kill the next time. What is this? You know. Okay. Well, we'll find out. Nobody's talking about. No, I don't know. Should have, should have quoted the first one was good. Oh, now let's see. Oh, look at this. Bob Norman has no update information on Joe Rose on his blood. Bob Norman, you're a jackass. Okay. And idiot. A jackass. It says Joe Rose has been caught in the principles office. Now who's this two and from and whatever? To email to me from someone who saw that on Bob Norman's broad blogging. Joe Rose has been caught in the principles office in B. C. Six. We explained what he said in the year last week about the Deserability of black women whom he distinguished his red bones and Chocolates or his Ray Nagan would say chocolates. It's going to be a chocolate. No, Aliens. Ray Nagan. Nothing. He's reading today with station. He said this was yesterday. Station. Second is about the comments to me last Wednesday on his video show on seven night of the ticket. According to Broward Times reporter, Elgin Jones, who's dogging in this case. He's dogging it. He's bird dogging it. Jones just now interviewed Larry McDaniel and B. C. C. C. Five President programming. He told him the station is looking at the matter. That Rose was coming to the office to explain what he meant. When he said on the area for for his red bones, our lights can black women at chocolates. And they understand most black men feel the same way. I left the message with McDaniel to confirm it, but I've heard back from him. But we don't even know who this is. Is this of this is Bob Norman's stuff. While NBC six is looking at the matter, the tickets hiding under the bleachers on his story. It hasn't returned numerous phone calls emails from Jones asking for comment. Which reporter feeling a left him a bit blistered. When Tim Hardaway made his comments about hitting gay people on this day, they blasted it everywhere. He said, but in this case, in an over return or phone call, probably because it's much to do about nothing, Bob Norman. Rumors are still probably that some of Rose's co-workers are upset about the comments. His boss has Jones happens to be a black woman. So he really stepped into it. And it will bucket of stuff. But should the former tenant be canned by NBC and where the dolphins be for race. So idiotic? No, that would be wrong. For one thing is audience other than attorney Jack Thompson apparently wasn't offended by it, which is always the case. Rose must not be real big in the black women demographic. But he should definitely be made to apologize publicly for being such an insensitive bonehead says, Bob Norman, hey Bob, you ought to apologize for being a bonehead, make an A-mountain out of a whole hill. You idiot. Pack a standing police in Karachi or hunting a man who dug up his father's two-year-old corpse and took it home in a hijacked ambulance to try to bring him back to life. All right. Oh, rock. Can't hurt. Abdul Rahman's family says he's mentally ill. Never been able to cope with his father's death. He dug up the corruptsters in NF feed hijacked an ambulance and its driver at gunpoint and took it to his home. Please rate the house on Friday after complaint from the trust that only ambulance and were her mramin's brother. I thought those were noodles ramen. Yeah. Remember noodles? He kept the corpse, which is nothing but a skeleton in his bedroom for a well over 12 hours. He escaped when we rated the house and we have buried it again. They said, rockman also kidnapped a vagabond, has loved in the graveyard, and locked him up at home too. Well, maybe he's lonely. He told authorities he saw raffle and chanting music spells and pouring rose water on the corpse to bring it back to life on his crying bitterly. But we'll have to talk to him tonight. Come back for another round of no right. I'll be back to you. I'll be back to you. All the gifts he saw in the candy. But he'll probably make 60. No laundry, shall. What? This is your point. What? What? What? Any questions? The door is real. No. The alarm is now explained. It's time to change the station. Turn it off and turn it on your right-hand. Absolutely. Some stupid portal slots don't care about their jobs. A healing of the audience of ratings, rather than I want to face, small back to break the meat, that's when your face falls. Right here you're home, most sportsmen, it's a few games that it's sort of a way of how you live, these endless new things, make your face fall. Shut up, I'm up, you're ass. Rectrums. They don't care if they just get, they program for the shivers with their nose and meditate the injunction drafts. They kiss each other's eyes. Well, howling sport-ho guys, it's murdering the audience for holding what they like if on the face falls. The rate thing all are not for part of the face falls. They can't get any dumbers. The management here don't give a crap what you think. They're busy, spinning, bow, and athletes, keep you very small. With all the sportscrafts, you'll see a baby small. Right here, not so strong, I asked, good news though, we have no ballgame today. That's a good story. Yeah, It's a good story. It's a good story. 12 of you more, another story, it's a good story. Man, it's only kind, it's a good story. I'm almost tempted to play. Hello, to the bar. This is Danny from the steamer. Can I just speak to the red? Red? Yes. Red? Oh, oh, oh, oh, Danny from the steamer. And like, I like to know if there's a house or like a kick. Is it a place? So, I want to know. How to like a kick? Who is this? This is Danny. The steamer bar? Yes, that's out. But, uh, it's life called here, and there's nothing. People hear something that he wants up the... So, Yeah, this is how to like a kick. I don't understand what you say. It's just like a kick. I like it. Do you like my place? I just post it as to how to like a kick. I do like it. Is that about his name, your life again? Oh. I don't like a kick. Hahaha. Anybody's name, your life again? And not nobody about that name. Is that true? No. I'm out. Okay, nine fifty five in a poll. How about the mic? Is he there? What would you want to get in that? Two deeply. No. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. At least I don't. And pound five, sixty, and he Verizon, and singular wireless line. Really said, remember, I'm just literally disappointed. I thought we had turned the corner. We started on Monday, and then yesterday we made a big... I thought yesterday was just defined as wine, you know? I would even say... Nice. Yeah, I would go head far. But, now today they're back like we've always said, man, don't ever assume this audience can keep it going, you know? WDQAM Hello. And you know that Virginia City in Nevada, where you wrote this book by the earlier story? Yeah. That's actually the opening scene of Bonanza with the ponderosa. You know that burning map? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a... Yeah. So that enclosing, Kappa Foko, Tom Gunson, much fuck up baby. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM. WDQAM. Got a little sound line. I think it's Michael Jackson. Is that a... Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Okay, and that's it. That's a lovely of what they got. So I guess the pull is all... complete. Really? It just... That was my mind. There were times when I think there was no way that they're going to be adding on it. You know, we got everything that could possibly be on one. And then all of a sudden, I got one kind of pull. And now today, when I thought that the originalist was really, really weak, you know, very weak. Extremely weak. Maybe the pull question is very weak. I think it's just fine, you know? I would say... Nice. 951. I'm 61 and a pull. So make 1000 easy to sell or but nevertheless. Maybe the Vizzi voting on it. WDQAM Hello. Can you play that bit where the guy goes to get away from my car? Let me ask you a question. Let me ask you this question. Do you know who this is? Yeah. Yeah. Do you know that we're going to... That's something that's just get away from my office. Yeah, do you... Do you like how to have a hat when you call somebody not to say, Hey, hello? How you doing? What's up? Yeah, but sometimes you know, if you don't get your point of caught right away, you can hung up on. And sometimes you go, if you do, that's right. Can you play, you know, how's it going Neil? How's it going? A little friendliness extend the head of friendship and could be in such a schmuck. Can you play there isn't no I can't. I could, but I won't. Because I don't like your altitude. I don't like that punk. Although send a picture. We'll see. 560560 and pound 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. What a make you for that last day. WQAM Hello. Hey, how about Ron Terry? Oh my god, you want to be double-joyed. For days of matter of fact, oh wait a minute. Give me a moment. Because I proved they, somebody posted the comment on my space page that talking about Ron Jeremy. This is even more athletic, athletic than Ron Jeremy. Not nearly as sexual, but let me just look on a page there and see if it's up there. Oh yeah, there it is. Wow. Give me a moment that expression about having your head up your ass. I have in my life. I have never seen anything like that. Thanks Eric, by the way, whoever Eric is. Are you looking at it? I'm going to go well right now. Go to the Marlin Brando main page there. Not too far for where the week's Miguel has that ugly look on his face. Like what was that big thing in the middle of Mariah Carey's chest is what he's wondering. And right there on a very first post. Are you looking at it? He said, come back to me in an hour. I might have it up by then. Oh come on. How about you Chris, can you see it? Yeah, I've seen it before. That's just scary. It is scary, but it's, is it for real? Oh no, it's not. Well, what do you know? No, it's not. How do you know it's not for real? Um, maybe it's a head could fit in that orifice. Maybe it's got a fin head. It's not for real. And look at that. See that before. Abby, but that may not be for real, but it sure is cute. Sure, I'll give you a second. Yes, it runs your meat with put on. They're wide but anybody want to be that fat in that hairy. What's the point? Because you got to leave a lot, some big deal. Wow, how about being somebody who looks good and gets a lot of action. How? As opposed to somebody discussing, it has to get paid to be the old geez. Ryan Jeremy. I sat right across the table from where you're sitting right now. I just, I thought to myself, you people actually are paying money to watch you do anything. I've paid money to watch him disappear. 1966 on the pole though, keep your eye on that. W2AM, hello. Yes. Money. Money. You know that I really miss the one that I really miss. You're the quintense. You haven't played up for so long. Rich, you're playing the quintense? Yeah. What is that? That's, uh, one of the few is the play one they would have run. Err, she was, what? W2AM, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, some pretty poor. I would have liked to have been, uh, old geez since then, looked over the day committed those murders with a camera. And there's only one problem with that. And that is if I could be somebody else for one day, I would be not who would you want to have been like 80 million years ago when OJ murdered those two people in cold blood. But you continue like you always say, they make the question into what they want to do. They answer the question they want to answer. Whatever question that, uh, no, first they come up with an answer. They create the question for, right? Kind of like on that stupid show of jeopardy that you like so much. Uh-huh. They had some of the dumbest people on the real fortune. And last couple of nights that I've ever seen in my life. You mean, double the usual? Dumber than usual. They had one guy in there and I think he had like about 10 grand on the line too. And it was chocolate covered macadamia, something. Whatever one. Well, whatever one. And he said chocolate covered macadamian. Whatever one. Uh-huh. And on the end of it, there was no more letters. There were no more letters. And they had one on last night. She was even almost as dumb as he was, but there didn't love them, people author. And apparently mostly from Florida I would think. Here's the story of a football family that you'll get when you knew I'm a lot of girls. You can give your lady dolls, or some diamonds, but don't release your girl. Here's the story of that Tom Brady who was busy giving every girl upon. And monofames and he'll be a father, but she was not all alone. And came one day when Tom Brady was a devil. And he knew too many times that he'd been touched. Now he's just months away from a football family. In pregnant women they wrote a Brady joke. A Brady joke. Tom Brady's mom. She got a baby and almost up by Brady's mom. Nice. 11.16 at 5.60. WM975, also in a full make of 1,000 by. I'm thinking maybe the bottom of the yard, or surely thereafter. Any interest? No. Anybody here? WQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah? How you doing, buddy? Good. You know everyone's at a while. You fire up that song, short-path bandy. Yeah. Very well. I'm going to let you know that's the first record I ever bought. When I moved here. Well, you must be old like me, huh? Yeah. Black record, young white label with a big hole in the middle. Actual records. This one, let you know. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. How you like that? That was marginally interesting. That was the first record that he ever bought. He's a little keen. So that made a way games that have a short-path bandy bandy bandy bandy. That's like having a short-path bandy bandy. Tell our journey to Zeeville. And we've got a fast bandy, but it's short. Now imagine it's a lot of bandy. That's just a never-slime. We'll all go on. What are how farmers' fanty can't use doing? I hate that. That's fast stuff, buddy. Anybody who goes out there is a candy-free. Don't buy fanty farmer. You know what that's very big? It's big and Rochester. I think that's where they make it. And also in the Boston fanty farmer. Farmers' fanty. Ever see farmers' fanty? Not lately. WQA, who I am, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Good. I'm on my way to American Express. Thank you. Okay. Well, good luck. Let us know what you get there. Let us know whether that comes first or the ending of the magnitude. WQA, hello. QA, I'm hello. Hi. Yes, sir. One for your phone? Yep. We have to say someone has the clock. I've extended the fast and I'd like to... We're okay, Greg. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. If I could be one person who would be job-out-the-hook. Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah, very good. Nice to meet you. That's the reason why I can take calls. They have no ideas. That's a problem. They have no ideas. Well, that's new. Oh, I know. Well, this one will be good. Do QAM? I'm in wild, about. A-wee. I'm very wild, about. Hey! Hey! WQA, hello. I'm down, about. I'm on my way to the bottom. I'm on my way to the bottom. WQA, hello. A-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, a-a-pop, like that. That's not bad. A girl's beloved dog in a Grizzly Nightmare written by Mary Lynn Smith and the Minneapolis Saint Paul Star Tribune is a very sad story. Crystal Brown's world was turned upside down a month ago when sheavy, her four-year-old Australian shepherd makes didn't come home. What kind of a name is Effort dog anyway? Sheavy. People in the dogs are all kind of stuff. pretty stupid name. I told everything and he never shared any of my secrets at Crystal 17 who had some troubled times in a young life, Chevy was her therapy dog and she leaned on him for comfort and support. This is a very sad story. Two weeks ago a gift ramp box was left at the house where she lives with her grandmother in St. Paul's right street area inside the box, Crystal was horrified to find her dog's head. This was so cruel, Crystal said this is one sick twisted person. The incidents considered so shocking that the United States announced its offering a reward of up to 25 of us for information that you have to address in conviction. Homicide investigators are looking at the case because of the implied terrorist threat. Same policy starts in June, Gray said, a terrorist threat. I didn't realize that be hitting a dog was a, I guess everything could be terrorism, couldn't. Yeah, you're scared to hell at any right now. This was extraordinarily heinous said the al-Barleti, you mean society's therapy manager for animal cruelty issues, ideal with hundreds and hundreds of cruelty cases each year when I read about this case, it took my breath away. It's horrible, he said. This case Bartlett said as far worse than a recent episode in Oshkoshu's cousin, where a 49 year old man decantitated to his kittens because they were annoying. Samely the dogs said that the teenager was a malicious act Bartlett said that level of the private is beyond belief. Shirley Brown, Crystal's grandma said that Chevy wanted off after she showed him out one night mid-Fabory. Crystal pecked at the neighborhood with missing posters and went door to door with two photos of Chevy and hoped that somebody had spotted him. She wrote the bus countless times that he'd seen Paul Animal Shelter and called her thousands of times she said, I felt empty, Crystal said I couldn't talk to anyone who was my dog. It was just me and him and a dog named Boo. Well, who did that? Go tell me. Very ugly guy too, by the way. Because when we get it, yeah, that's right. What is it? No, no, no, here's a hint. It's a kind of dog sort of. Who is sort of? It's a kind of nine. I don't know. Lobo. Oh. Libya? Excuse me. Then Shirley Brown came home one day and thought a boss wrapped in red paper on her front steps with batteries taped to the box. Congratulations, Crystal, no, said this side out batteries included. And it's sick. Shirley Brown placed a box on her granddaughters bedroom dress. Her I was surprised and excited Crystal said, I thought it was a gift for my cousin. She tore off the paper and ripped up on the box inside. She found Valentine candy and a black garbage bag and then she saw her dog's face. Crystal screamed around the kitchen to find grandma. Is this my dog grandma? No, that's not my dog. Is it my dog? Mm-hmm. Grace said, Investigate is really the case. It's an isolated incident and the suspect knows the family. We don't know what the motive would be. Grace said it's a terrible thing to do to somebody's pet. Anybody with information regarding the case out loud, we're not going to give up phone numbers for the same thought police. Chevy Crystal said was the best friend she ever had. He was more patient than any person I ever met. That dog waited for years for me to get myself together so Crystal would then of course begin to cry and get shrine who can blame her. That dog didn't care what I did, what I didn't do, what anyone did to me. He didn't care about anything. Just wanted to love me the way I loved him. Crystal's got a new puppy now. Another Australian shepherd that she named diesel. The puppy's no Chevy, not yet anyway. Hopefully he'll be my best friend. Crystal said hopefully he'll be my guide through life. Crystal and diesel. Let's hope. Now let me ask you if Crystal turns out to be a lesbian. But that may fizzily diesel. Oh, don't even go there. Okay, well, I won't go there. 90 in the pool by the abondment they all have a thousand. There's Bob Bowen at stupid mustache. What a silly person man. Bind Mr. Bush himself. Had to beat but it would bit about. 991 on the pole now. 560, 50560 pound, 5060 in the horizon, singular wireless line. WQA in hello. How are you doing there? Okay, sir. I would like to kill a comment for Christ today. Okay. We'll go ahead. Why don't you get a couple of them? Kill a calming for Christ. Kill somebody for Jesus, man. The more religious you are, let me tell you right now. This is the true test. The true test of how religious you really are is whether we can really get you to go out there in in radio land. I'll find it and just kill so people. That's right. And the more you kill, more religious you must be. Because that's what religion is do better than anything else. Kill some people. WQA in hello. Hey, buddy. Yes, sir. Has anybody called him with where he came in? No, and they won't. I just did. Get out of here. You go to the store and put dice. You like him. Snacky, suspenders. And maybe you like to be wearing a bag, huh? In fact, we got where is that clip on there? I mean, it's a good movie. Same thing. Very exciting. You just say, Hi, this is Larry King. And that's what I said. WQA in hello. Hey, got one for your pole. Yes, sir. Chris Bush. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Does anybody out there in no Chris Bush? Only this cell. Only these. It's like thing out with the Susan Grey. Inside. Little inside information. Maybe this guy would like to be inside Chris Bush. There's no question. Probably has been. Mhm. WQA. QA in hello. Niel. Yes. Good morning sir. How are you? I'm green. Listen, don't be a stranger. Yeah. WQA in hello. Hello, Niel. Yes. Is it a band that I say at home and listen to my door stay records while looking at internet porn? No, I say so. Keep your okay. Treats, we need to keep your office street. WQA in hello. Niel, how are you? Okay, sir. Listen for your pole, a young Luis Miguel would be fine, I guess. Well, what do you mean a young Luis Miguel? Now you're doing like the guy did with the, uh, yeah, you don't get the stick and choose. Yeah. Well, how are you, Dennis? He's pretty fine, I mean, listen, uh, uh, Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah. Ask the cameo beat is good. blah, blah, listen, now I'm going to burn the body. Yeah. I do like this now. I like to do four men now because this gives us a chance to talk to everybody. I mean everybody. Everything that moves, everything that may be breathing, although some I doubt. This is where we're saying. 9. 96. Let's get this let's get this year done, as I say. Get her done, baby, as I say in the deep south, like, uh, you know, homestead places like that. Key West, Key Largo, get her done. Okatobi, Fahoki, I bet you they say that in Pok. Let get her done. And now that I'm not I'm trying to get to the thousandth and I'll just happen on it. I keep clicking it. Oh, 97. Now they're coming in by the ones just to aggravate an agitate, which they do the best. If I could be somebody for else for one day I'd be Hugh Heffner, 283, but only when he was younger and surrounded by hot hot numbers. I got to be me 240. Tiger Woods 1117. I hate this poll. 74, 7.4% way too high. Howard Stern 45, George W. Bush 43, Bill Clinton 41, the legendary Neil Rogers 40. Anybody with who I am 32, Tom Brady 28. Wayne Heizvay, 18 Bill Gates 13, Hurray Clinton eight, that bitch. Shack, Shaquille O'Neill five, Shaquille. Paul Allen's got four. I'm surprised you got any. I still don't know who that is. I don't want to know either. Brady Clinton only three. I'll take him. Ron Jeremy one. He's going to be at that show by the way. Vanessa Paradise one, that's the Johnny Depth, wannabe, or lady. And George Rodriguez finally got a vote. Oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, whoa. What was that? Hmm. The ending of that. What's that? The end. No, didn't you just happen on the end of that? It ended. Chris, did you hear the end of that? I was paying much attention to it. Well, thank you. Only on the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. What is George George George George? What is it? one Oh, man, a car, he's a total nuts butted So, John, a man, a car, Tom, he's got nothing So, John, a man, a car, and all I have to say to you So, John, a man, a car, he went on grid and two Looks like he's been sniffing you Or a way from those two After the nationwide butt, something You are not in the top 12, St. Gia Is made it, why you surprised? Oh my God, you said Everyone in the who-lock dancer Spicited his eyes, the rookies He's a bit of a friend's friend Without a break and set up beams He makes my blood jacks and a little blacky And he's a really man His voice reminds me of a big shud girl from Japan He just seems to take the sped For a child, a man, a woman, a car He's a total nuts butted So, John, a man, a car, Tom, he's got nothing So, John, a man, a woman, a car And all the hell of a car He went on grid and two He was like he's been sniffing you Or a way from those two Now, you want that picture of Clarence there on our My Space Page, where's got his head up his ass? A thousand sixteen votes on the full, by the way And you didn't hear the rejoin there, Dan, I can't you play that again? Yeah, let's have an uncool Is it possible to do that or not? We can do anything For those people who say size doesn't matter Well, it does Of course, I'm talking about the duty thousand seven Lincoln Navigator app With a hundred and twenty eight cubic feet of Cargarspace And over fifteen inches behind the third row of seats There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying And because of the Lincoln, you get the luxury and warranty you've come to check Please send me out of here for only four ninety nine a month But thirty nine months at South Florida Biggest Lincoln Mercury dinner Pies Lincoln Mercury I said we five and Sheridan Street Being a mom with Now, was it just me or did that sound a little bit peak-cueer? Yeah, I was non-standard Well, what does that mean? I don't know, it was just different Non-standard is it was screwed up as what it sounded like to me I don't know if it was screwed up, I think it was intentional I was supposed to be an intention to grab her Yes, yes Sponsored, yeah, radio off five minutes I've grabbed your attention It sure did I paid me a lot of vomit Maybe you want to puke Well, I see bacon bits of all over the board here That's what they do know What is that? Make you want a puke And of course the interesting part of it is just like that thing about Oh, but golf in the deraille and all of a sudden And nobody cares nobody cares Nobody cares Nobody cares There are a few thousand people to care about any one of these isolated things You know, we're guys that were in Jocce Jeff Golf, they do even more in Jocce Jeff They don't have an athlete's ass How do you know? Well, maybe they do They just say, I'll go on there He's wearing a big job Should I talk about global warming in front of the Senate? They don't do But it would be a big deal But it would be a big deal Tom Zickerson, you better quit talking such crap Okay, that's a little Tom Zickerson WDQA, hello Hi, Neil Good morning Good morning Two things, Danny, you tweaked my child I slept in a bronze in the 50s And we used to go to our field trips in school Yeah I thought it was up there Second on your pole It was what the first one was supposed to be What did you do? I wanted to go to the field I like to be George Bush, like he told myself Okay, great 560, 560, pon 560 The Verizon singular, wireless line WQA, hello Hi, Neil There's a penny Publicity WQA, hello Let me tell you about the business It's striking, alright I'm making the lines just here in that I'm making it in my groin in the lines and whatever 1,201 votes on the pole What we went zooming by that 1,000 mark How much of Chris is thinking about? We went to 1,200 today Oh yeah, thanks so Got 2,000, 20,000 for minutes to go That's not possible I've got to start thinking about my wardrobe for a wood vine Where's that guy, Ben lately? Check it out in my wardrobe I've got those new threads there for my good buddy What about the image? I'm sure he'll call Oh good Got that nice new jacket Maybe I'll wear it to wood vine today And change my look WQA, hello Oh Yes sir Hey Neil Is anyone ever think that global warming might not be happening? It could be just a friend Just a train In the air I mean, we're I don't have a climatological history I know That's there's our own No, we don't have enough history Right, let's go But I see Let's get this guy said Al Gore Let's send him to Washington right now Okay, and not bring his ass back WQA, hello As Travis When did WQA, hello Hey, I want to be a hero Winderman Then I can be on the WQA I'm all day long Good boy, that's right There you go, keep you off the street Nice going, Ira, hey, Ira You see your squeaky and you suck but other than that I went back to the single handle he's being allowed to destroy QA and would help of course a clearance Now he's got a lot of help So what did we ever decide what we're going to do about the morning show? We're going to have to I think I came up with a solution I had a dream last night Okay And here's the answer to what we're going to have to do To straighten out the morning show Kills so people That's right, I see I mean no names in particular But just thinking out loud WQA and hello Oh Sounds like a business man Hard to work at his desk See a lot of people probably don't believe that But he's like a reputable businessman You know he's a he's the boss Wherever he is right, am I right? Yep, he's the boss man So we can do whatever he wants Don't you QAM? Hello I like to be Henry Barrow And sit some wine in the Dolphin pressbox All day long Okay, Henry, and by the way Put the food down Put down the child, Henry But I wonder if he ever lost any weight That was I hate to say it because Henry, we always liked him Henry's a good guy But that was discussing that day he came in We hadn't seen Henry used to be the news director WLIT 100 years ago when we worked there I was with a pretty good guy And he was like a little guy, you know Kind of funny looking I didn't say that I was immediately looking for that thing in here And of course it only takes about two seconds Oh he's a little guy, kind of funny look I actually had a very distinguished look now Would say would you say with a mustache That's right This thing was snapping Drawers with a suit on the whole deal Didn't look like a wine swimming drunk at all No, all the way was And then he came into QAM There were several years He got a very, very brilliant and hot young daughter By the way, what she's not so young anymore But brilliant Nice, nice, I'm lady But to make a long story short he had balloons up to like He was still like about four feet tall But wait about 600 pounds So it was a disheartening to see that But yeah, when you go to La La Free wine And the wine tasting then you get the cheese And the crackers and more wine and all that other Whatever Just ballooned up But that's what the business will do to you It was just to take your insides And just twist them like twist it kiss kiss We do have that though, don't we? Twist it kiss kiss kiss I got some right now I hate the wrong thing And I hate the wrong thing But I don't want you to know I don't want my parents out They feel a little too tight And when you work in this business You'll get twisted kiss kiss me if there's no extra charge for that There's no surcharge sir 128 votes on our award-winning legendary photo Here's what you're planning What you asked for Mr. Johnson Oh wait a minute What was that? I get in and hold it Come and jump with me But start so fading Even though I'm not so happy Trading to hit the pavement I'm anticipating Come and jump with me You don't seem all whipped up about that Oh yeah The house committee investing in the firing of US attorneys The government authorized the issuing of subpoenas of top-aids to president Bush today And the voice vote They stopped to artificially subpoenas themselves The motion passed to authorize the chairman of the Wishes of penis A spokesperson for House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Coniors A statement on the author's asional soon before coming But there's swivelry on your TV Said oh my god She's got the person out of a dead boofo tow man She is weak Oh god look at her She looks like Larry King and drag Oh hunched up like that How much he wears his spinners You think that wouldn't surprise me And she definitely ain't got any boobs I'll say to that The authorization provided for a subpoenas to secure testimony He hung into obtained documents from these individuals As well as undredacted documents Undredacted from the Department of Justice and Lighthouse Persuade to the committee's investigation But it would be stupid about A subpoenas for the following individuals will be covered by the authorization De-CowSampton Carl Rove Harry Edmire's William Kelly and Scott Jennings But a beep better moop but a bop We will not necessarily issue the subpoenas immediately Send aid in the email to raw story We're trying to do what we can to avoid that But the vote will allow for the possibility The possibility that the White House will definitely choose to stone wall And slow walk the investigation But a beep better moop but a bop Now, in other words, how many times did they have to lie Before they all wind up and jail together How much more of this BSD we have to listen to Before everybody gets a free drag in It's shapped the way on and gets laid That's what we all want to know Let's get to the important stuff Now, what's this thing you just sent me here? Filthy perversion It is? Oh good Line back for the neds Mudpack for the sack pleasures Haven't they pledged you to have a me pleasure I line back for the neds and a mudpack for the sack Okay, I kind of a ring to it, doesn't it? It does Your pants have an inventive sex industry This innovation is an adept of the facial A mudpack for the penis According to spa, whatever publication that is, spa Authorities have a recent years taking a harder line on the flesh trade Another little play on words, a very clever herber This is on the MSNBC website, by the way So you think that it would be much less suggestive And much less growth-task when which case we wouldn't care Authorities have a recent years taking a harder line on the flesh trade Prompting operators to come up with an increasing new variety Of services aimed at providing pleasure But circumvading the long arm of the law arm of the law. But how can you have any pleasure if you don't have a long arm? Right. The mudpacks for the penis which follows a line back to the gonaids is part of an Italian style aesthetic treatment offer by a Tokyo Bay service called the Aero Monning. Sounds like, don't sound Japanese to me, it sounds Italian, huh? Edamani, sounds so schmaltsy. A whole lot of operations similar to the wire spring up in a short time we need to provide a service. Nobody else was offering in. This was it. The Adomani boss tells spa. Our sales point is that we also offer variations including having the service performed by multiple workers, groups of two or three women, or you can have it performed by a shy woman or another one who will be talking dirty while she's doing it. I want this shy one. The Aero Monning, I want a shy woman who's talking dirty. The Aero Monning's boss is the service began with a motto of providing health and beauty to the Willie and Amis. Yeah, that sounds real Japanese, there's one. Willie and Amis. I knew that guy, what's the height of the Aero Monning? The service involves using a hotel sink or face washing basin and filling it with warm water and wine. Try the wine. This is ended in proving the circulation. Instead of inserting the face in there, however the client places their bottom in the bowl, allowing the penis and Amis to be stuck in the suburb of their SEMO-YAY. I can just put my face in. First is Samadhyad, I don't even want to know. Oh, come on. Sounds French. No kidding. Not Japanese. Spine notes that the washing is performed by at least one woman who the Aero Monning and SIS must be in her 20s or 30s at the oldest. Once the basic basin finished as finished, the genitals are swath in a chunk of mud supposedly to cleanse the skin. Once they're completely covered, the woman or women providing the service, then they show their handy work. So to speak. Oh, wait a minute, I can't read this. I'll read it. Until the client reaches climax or what spa calls the Ascent to Heaven. Yeah. Well, that sounds very sexual to me is what it sounds like. Hmm. Sounds like some kind of a whole house to me is what it sounds like. I thought there was something really, you know, what different can it happen? It's just a different way of achieving the same old means. So you know, sitting in the sink is something to think. Sitting in the sink and why would I think? Boy. Oh, that's a 40s, six votes on a pull by the way. Those Japanese man, they were all those orientals man. They are so, uh, warning bizarre. Oh, warning. Like I said, they just multiply like rabbits like the Chinese and what about those engine people, huh? What kind of engine? Those engines and engines. The ones that injured, the ones that who's not that proud, the ones with a career Roma, the ones that we've seen it would buy on the surf, you know, a lot of Indian people. Oh, my goodness. WDQA and hello. Oh, I'm the real help man. I'm having a lot of fun. Hey, I'm helping. WDQA and hello. What was dolphin Danny like? Like about, uh, old. Well, if you like, you were his lover. Oh, yeah. WDQA and hello. Let's go back to the Vaudeville days. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. It's all like James Scholar, though. Hey. Yeah. Yeah, that was James Scholar. You're right. He's a crazy person. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. Boy, not good. 560560. Powered 560, he Verizon, Singular, wireless. What we've been getting has been great, but it's just not, you know, it's not in copious enough amounts. Like whatever was bathing there in that sink. It's not in copious enough amount. WDQA and hello. No. Yes, sir. I'd love to be able to be a Susan Grace Polga. No, okay, great. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. Sounds like any's getting a lot of work done at the office, didn't it? A little bit. He's good. WDQA and hello. Any of I heard all the other idiots calling in, so I thought I'd join too. The sure one. WDQA, I'm going to see you out of this guy. Get to it. That's what we want. Everybody in South Florida to be an idiot, which we got a good head start on that. And that's going to be the show from now on. Four hours of idiots. Idiot does. Don't you like that? I think we're going to be out. That's easy to do. And South Florida is just that natural. WDQA and hello. Any of the going. Okay, sir. Yeah. I thought it was good that you talking about enjoy life to the phone. And I just thought dead guy in the side of the road and the motorcycle accident. And I make the feel like you really enjoy life. I'm sure it must be quite the very King Drunken bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. WDQA and hello. QA and. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. And what did he just say? This is the same guy that calls, uh, called a couple of times already trying to get you to speak Spanish. Oh, speak Spanish, Dennis. He can be in the English, I'll key. Okay, okay. Get back out of banana boat. Go see Chiquita's banana. What do we get the first time? WQA and hello. Morning, Neil. How are you today? Okay. How are you doing? I saw the greatest thing you would have been jumping off your buckle on your last night. Man. You. I saw for the first time I like somebody put Bill O'Reilly in his place. He was shot shot. The other time. The governor of the, the mayor of Phoenix City on. Yeah. And he laid him a, you know what? Yeah. Just that. Everything you said. Well, let me, let me just suggest you. Who are wasting your time watching Bill O'Reilly? That's my best suggestion to you. WQA and hello. You may have gone ill. I don't want to go to school. Yeah. Ah, we'll clear too. He's on there. Okay. Thank you. 42 votes for Bubba. See, that's always good idea. Don't look at the poll on or listen to me read the result. Just make up a name and then hope that it is on there. So I can say, always have a the honor. He's got eight million vote. WQA and hello. QA. Yeah, you can do it. Hey, hey, how you doing? Okay, how you doing? Great, man. No, I'd like to be Osama bin Laden. So I could blow my freaking drain south. Okay. That's really clever. Ah, Osama, your mama. WQA and hello. Welcome, Neil. Yes, sir. We had the question. Some years ago, I think he used to run your program in the evening. He didn't run a twice on day. No. Never did that. No. No, I'm not on the station. We used to run the best in the LEC on S.U.N. 8,000 times a day in Tampa. Are you in Tampa? No. I'm in San Lucy. You're in Port St. Lucy? Yeah, Lucy. Very rude. Yeah. No, they didn't run the show twice. Why? You want to hear it again? No, I'm saying that you used to run rerun. So one kind of mean, I mean, I re-run. But you don't say it. Repeat. No. I had takes when I was on vacation before we could Georgia. You're talking about how many years ago? I don't know. Did you about to put you up to this call? No, I've been around. I haven't been here for many years. Yeah. Me too. That's why I got that loud. Okay. See, I think you were going to put them up there. Oh, that was great when you used to play those. Puttin' out of those tapes. They pop an alley on. That was the best name. It was a great and quick. Right, shape up all. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 for one hour. One and Oscar for his stupid lick. Oh, all that safety earth crab. It makes me sick. Oh, everybody says that he's great. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Oh, I know his he should. Should be fitted for a larger suit. Oh, the sling to him is a jaw. That's much bigger than before. I do not like. Oh, I know. Okay, 12 out to a five 60 W Q M. We got the 148 votes on our full for those who keep track. I'm sure we probably have some lifeless people out there who I have no right. Right. These things down every day. Oh, at noon today. And you know like that. Talk about desperate. What are my space people is desperate for Henry Burrow's daughter. He just does some emissances. Whatever you mentioned, and we bear on your show. You always mentioned this hot daughter. If you're talking about Tracy, I actually went to high school with her. And let me tell you if you think she's hot lately, you should have seen her in high school. Smoking hot. It would have turned you straight. He says, if I wasn't such a loser in high school, I would have gone for this correspondence. But I was wondering if you ever see her again, tell her to add me on her in my space. And if she doesn't have a my space, tell her to grow up and get with the program. It said that I can still remember her from history class and 20 plus years ago. Oh, well, who the hell doesn't remember? And believe me, I was in high school 47 years ago. Four or 44 years ago. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like a 75 by now. Great to wait in 1960. So let's say, 40 some years ago. I can remember Jim Park. I had a lot of people. Bob with his spoon. Ronnie Stiggins. Marty Schneider. How do you start coming to suicide? Mm-hmm. What did you play in that for? That's the Jim Park song. Oh, is it really? Yeah. So I remember that day in the locker room and in the gym. I remember that day in the gym Park. And if I didn't name a park after him, Jim Park? I think so. So for Hollywood, he was just naked as a jay bird. But at any rate, 148 votes and you only got one. If you could be somebody, anybody else for one day who would it be? He would have been 292. I got a BME, 247. I got a BME, Tiger Woods 120. I hit this pool 82. It's going up 7.8%. Maybe that's why we're not getting a million names on it because they hated it. Howard Stern, 47, the Elijah is 45. Right on how he's asked. George W. Bush 45, Bill Clinton 42. Anybody but who I am, 33? Anybody else? Tom Brady 32. Tom is climbing the ladder. To get to the window, just like in Romeo and Julietta. Wayne Heizinger, 18 Bill Gates 16, Hillary Clinton eighth. They're who wish they were Hillary Clinton or who should they could be that Butch. Chek Hieloneel, Chek Quill as in five. Paul Allen's got five. Brady Clinton four. Ron Jeremy three. He's going to be in that section this weekend. Next weekend. Whenever it is. Vanessa Perri, he's three. That's the Ajani that this, Rotolady. And George W. because Solomon Thoion only won. Fool. Well, you have to fool. I want to be David Lee Ross's somebody here. This is from somebody that the Harold no less. At the Miami Harold. David Lee Ross. Now, I want anybody want to be David Lee growth. I don't know. Maybe they want to be balding and over with. And have done such a horrendous job filling in on the steering Show on terrestrial radio like David Lee growth. Oh, I'm sorry. W. K. W. M. Hello. Marty Schneider died. Yeah. Hey, died. You're welcome. Five six seven. And he actually Marty Schneider committed. He tried once. And several years before and failed. And now I guess he thought it was such a good idea. He would try to get that's a terrible thing to say, because he was a good kid. But he's not a good kid anymore. He's not even a good old guy anymore. And like I told you, when my friend Dave from Rochester came up last. Was it last year of the year before? I don't know. With his girlfriend, Ginny to people always go to high school with. And I mean, they looked okay. It's not like they looked like they were from a cemetery village. But old, you know, old. You're going to make it myself. What must they have thought about me? Jesus God, look at him. Look how old he is. Oh, I'm old. Not good. I'll do pucks out there. Don't get old. Take somebody at jungle juice. Do something. 1048, 560, 560, and pound five 60. And the Verizon singular wireless line. W. K. W. M. Hello. Barvyn. Yeah, you are. W. K. W. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. I got one for your bull. Yeah. How about Bano? How about him? Come on, go. Pretty ugly guy. Put him on a pull. Is that a directives sir? Then on the pull. Not the flow of the pull. On the flow. Yeah, put your ass on the floor. Are you idiot? Put him on the pull. That's like that one guy. And we put up with it from him because I guess funny. Put him on there. You know, who was the guy that he was always talking about? Frankie Lyman. Yeah. You could be Frankie Lyman for one day. I will. He probably knows smell to good. And he more he's been dead for a very long time. Five six. This is my last time. I'm giving these numbers out. Then I'm going to refer to back to my pull pump because this whole concept of demand. I think it's really great. The only problem is that these people are in a coma. I thought I thought, let's say, let's say, upon the time in America, way back in the INZ days. When I dropped all the boring guests and I went to a totally different format, you know? And I never gave them numbers out. I just come in and sit down and we didn't afford me. Just ring it off the hook. I never had to give the numbers out for a very long time. Those are the days my friend. That's what Mary Popkin said. Those are the days. The salad days. Whatever that means. I know. I hit that. 30 QA and hello. And now I've got a question for you. Yeah. Is that as you're going to your, uh, Joy Reynolds, that wants to have that shirt night. Is the same Joy Reynolds used to be down here years ago, 94. Saita. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks. No, it's a different Joy Reynolds for Christ's takes. I am that him right. That's him. A man who almost single-handedly, I don't guess what else we got on here to on this great disc. Speaking of Joy Reynolds. I had a bird and Joy had Bill Marshall. Got a big swing. Hello. Oh, God. Man, all of you. What is it? Hello. Yeah. Who is it? David? David? I. David? Baby? Baby? Baby? Baby? Baby Jones? What do you got, baby? I'm a boy. Yeah. That's what you got. Swan. WQA, I'm hello. Neil. Yes. You know what I need to give her a dog name, a Chevy because Ford stockman. That's what it is. 560, maybe she's in an injured dog. Torres. That was a horrible story about the dog hit in the box. That was really bad. Because it was a real story. It wasn't like some fictional thing like the horses hit in the bed. Like in the godfather. With Jack Walsk. And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. Okay sir. Johnny goes in used to be the host of the tonight show, right? And the ratchy use that correct. Yeah. All right thanks. You're welcome. Yeah and the sun will shine tomorrow, summer tomorrow. Like that. Okay that's it for the calls. And that's it for me. Here's George. Hey. Yeah the go on. So here we have that Marlon game tomorrow. 1250. He's right for you. Why something? If we had one of those babies today, we'd be almost on a way out. Oh no, which is good. We're not for your shame. That'd be great. WQA, hello. QA, M. Can't do it. WQA, M. Hello. Hey, I think man was a host of star search. Wasn't it true? WQA, M. Hello. Hello. Yes. We're Gilbert. Where is he? Well you got like one of them trying to get a new one. Where is he? Like you got like one of them tracking things on his ass? No, I'm this is the one. Yeah, okay. Well, look at his number. Believe me. We got it. You're a Solomon. Okay. We'll be more than happy to give you his number and shoe size. WQA, M. Hello. Hello. Yes. This is Deborah. Yes, Deborah. I'm calling WQA, M. You're speaking to WQA, M. Yes. Oh, okay. I hear you. There are me out there and I just wanted to speak on the air. And now I'll say a couple of things. What do you want to say, Deborah? You're on the air right now. We're on the air there. Oh, okay. Well, I wanted to say that you should get a Donsterwood on there. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no. Oh, my God. Dons sure would my ass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not another doing it on the air. Yeah, well, it did before. Remember? Was that what we were doing before? I was been so long. But when they were on the air on that fake Serbstation, they would call you through. Oh, it's so darn sure. Yeah. And another radio locker. Radio, Drifter, then nobody ever heard of me. Other stalkers, man. They think that they're talkers, but they're really stalkers. Get done. Shirwood on it. And then she's, I like a sarcotic bitch, huh? I'll play the voice now. They're on the radio over there. Yeah, on the radio over here. We're on the radio over here, and you're not. Honey, neither was Dons sure would. I'd rather put Robert assure would on, especially for you. I'd like to check in that camera, was that? That was your theme song, Robert assure would. She had a 15 minute show. She tinkled on the panel. I'd like to show a lot of people who would like to see a show these days with some, you know, some celebrity who would tinkled on the panel. But anyway, no thanks. That's not my bad. Especially for you. That's well, I'm here for. And Dons sure would put him on here. Are you crazy person or one, honey? Are you crazy? Jesus, God and Joseph. No wonder people turned to religion with crap like that going around. Like some kind of a disease. Like a disease in your radio. We got a disease in our transmitter. It's freaking Dons sure would disease. We would cope before we put Dons sure would on here. How do you like that, honey? And so, what everybody else, which is why he couldn't buy his land of the year. If he had a million dollars a minute, he couldn't buy his way on the air. Whoever the hell he is. I've got your breath beautiful. Several days ago, I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq. And it's important to make this point at the outset. The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence. American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falset. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the president lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I stayed in the business. And I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life. The president and his administration paid our country and paid the liberties for which we stand. They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality. The president of the United States is dishonest and comprehensible. None of us should want it any other way. Thank you very much. Some of you can see the occured belief in the government and justice itself. What we stand up to stand on this young fuzzy? Whatever we stand. Right. So what was that deal of we had just before the autopsy. There was something about anybody who wanted to consort with Henry Burrow's daughter and they said, Sure would. Sure would. There was saying that. I must have been it. Yeah. Because nobody would in the right mind would call say, Hey put on. Sure would all the air kneel. It's really talk about the impediment of desperation. That you have to have like a pin, a female pin, who calls this show. And she called before because I forget all this. She's called Clarence. She's called the voice mail. I saved the voice mail because they're ridiculous and insane and comical. Pretending to be a producer and it's got to be as wife for his daughter or something like that. Because he's in the background. You hear him in the background. Coaching. Coaching. He's yelling at each other and all this stuff. The man's like a hundred from the sound of him. Yeah. He's talking about the age of just the face of me. You're going to get that guy from my window. He's just named the guy from Boston. Don't you remember that old fart from Boston? Oh, I thought you were talking about from the black group. That was Larry Justice. Justice. That's right. For justice. He couldn't face the fact that they can't even got him off the air because of the fact that he's stuck on the air. Not that he was a hundred years old. Nobody cared about that. If he was a hundred and could have gotten an audience, they'd have kissed his fat ass. But they didn't. WQAM. Hello. You're talking about the boy. Yeah. We're talking about how bad you are is what we're talking about. You're very, very interm... Your pathetic is what you are. I read the list of the DOM. Sure would. Listen to you. Okay. Reverend Schmackle. Five sit. Well, they just can't do it today at all, man. I mean, once every hour and in like every half an hour, every forty-five minutes, all of a sudden we'll be like a little a little a little spurt if I can say that. And then that's about it. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line. This is always short. QA. Like I said, it's always short. That's it. Okay. Back to my pile. See, this was an interesting experiment. I tried it for like two and a half days and it seemed to be working like a charm. Didn't it seem to be fine as wine? Yeah, for a while there. But they can't do it. They haven't got it in them. WQA in, hello. WQA in, hello. Can George teach us how to play Domino's? WQA in, hello. And they'll definitely will love to be both of them while I'm talking to me. Huh? Roger, perfect. Please. Bobford track is in Harvey Wasserman, right? Blowback from Ohio's 2004 stolen election is escalating. Blowback from Ohio's 2004 stolen election is escalating. Blowback. This is a long story. Am I going to have to have to read this? I don't know. See, I'm getting lazy now. I mean, we're going to just sit here and punch up all these morons. One after that. Why should I sit here and go through all of this? You know what I'm saying? They don't care about it anyway. The fact that the election was fixed in 2004 and Ohio. I've read 80 million stories about this. Is anybody out there care about any of them? No, of course not. Why am I doing this? Why am I going through such incredible effort? I don't know. Kills town. I'm not sure enough to do my duty like a good little come scout. I'll get lost in the woods. I said, get a lot of publicity. WQAM hello. Yeah, I want to be disposed of like Gilbergrey Simone. We all came on. WQAM hello. They got it with on QAM back in the old days. It was a leecherwood. I wish I would. No, nobody at me. It was a good job. Yeah. And they had to just keep on coming on. All right. Look, there you go. Sound like another way I'm radio guys. Sound like a real day. It did. There was not rich shock. Get out and hear sound of a rich shock. I'm crazy. That was a good day. That was a good day. That was a good day. That was a good day. Don't sure what all I say. It really blew. WQAM hello. It's running on. WQAM hello. It's got a spin in our wheels here on the wheel. Not quite from me with rubber. Yeah. I remember John's on the phone. It's just not quite the same as the one. There's the one. You know, all the other ones I can deal with. There's the one. Remember that song by the folks. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. We're going to have special. We're just like Sodom man. We're going to be like a special rope. Because we cannot cool. And log in using your funnet account. WQAM. WQAM. She's at least better than to don't sure what lady QAM hello. Hi. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil, you still feel for a bad dog, Charlotte. How come? Are you jealous of him? You have to do a friend. Oh, this isn't you again. Is this the same bitch? This is the same crazy bitch. What? Tell us of what? The fact that he can get a job. Tell us of what? He can't get a job. He's over. I'm jealous of. Get out of here. You crazy bitch. I'm jealous. Oh my god. You still talking about that, sir. We might talk about him. We'll talk about him. We'll talk about him. We'll talk about him. We'll talk about him. And then she's the one. And I take that back. Then we have the other. The Johnny Deplady. Is that crazy? I'm not sure. The one I've subsessed with Johnny Deplady. We have her. And now we got to this one. Maybe she can call back every 15 minutes. We give her a hug. She will. They promote Don sure with this segment. When he's jealous of Don sure. When he's 100 years old and he can't get a job. I'm going to be a pretty old one. I'm going to be unemployed. And that I can't think he's calling here to try to like a. To try to what? We don't want him. Okay. We don't know him. We don't want him. We don't care about him. But other than that. Have a nice day. Can't you? I'm going to go in. I'm sorry. You touched another on you. WQ. Who I am, hello. You're right. That's the top act of follow. The only thing worse than I think sports talk would be all geriatric radio. And yeah. Yeah. Clowns like Don sure would and let all the Larry just got to have a flashback. Oh man. Do you know who Don sure with is? I remember him vaguely. And it will just like justice. It's better that I kind of put the both out of my mind. You know. Let's make live. Let's put this way. It may stand major. It looks like it's dying in the industry. You know what I mean? Who is this? No, no, no. I'm going to long time. Listen. That's all. I'm just a radio person. Not an officer. Just a loyal. If they're who calls and because of your took a service. So often, they do stay on the air. Right. Correct. Um. I even hear. Did you have any comment on that Hillary Clinton video that they did? The old Apple commercial. Did you see that? Yeah. I've seen it a hundred times. And this is the new campaigning in the age of the internet. This is the new deal. Well, it takes the spin match. It takes the spin match through that again. Because whatever cock-o they can try to put out on us. We can, you know, someone else can go back with something. Right. Anyway, listen, you're the best there is. And, uh, don't sure we couldn't put a pit on your took a chance. Okay. Thanks. He wanted me to play. I don't know if that, but I wouldn't do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And I'm not one of those guys that plays. Correct. I'm on demand. Don't play that game. What are we going to get? 1200 days. Still stuck there in the 1940. I think we better put a Marling game on that. I think you ought to use this. So they're so locked in. That fact, and I wanted to say, I think the audience is so, they're so locked in. That fact, and I wanted to say, Subish this baseball thing. We're not going anywhere to do it. In fact, I don't even have my pants on you. They're my shirt on. 148 votes. I don't even have my pantaloo, he's on for wood Wednesday. WCWM. Hello. I'm the one. WCWM. Hello. Now he's with a speaker phone. WCWM. Hello. Hi. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. I don't know if you could play the pick your box spot. No. Damn. Canada sucks. Ha ha ha. I knew I knew I'd get some good material out of him. Canada sucks. Oh, yeah. It's bad. Man, it's bad. Canada sucks. Like it's a city. You know, like it's a couple of blocks. Canada sucks. Florida's great. Canada sucks. Freedom and say cheese. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. The George give Scooter a harden. If you will, a presidential favor. Third pack, pardon. I'm going to let him off with a small fine. Hey. A little freesand now and then. Far so I'm concerned is a alright. If you can do what's played to did for his body more great. I have, but we can't wait until your term ends. So I am there for most bigger harden. You have to have to give Scooter a party. I could give a big crap. The pageants die or live. I accepted my retribution on Jo Wilson and Valerie Plane. And, uh, Robin, no back then. They have to be blamed. I didn't pay. I have to bid that to you like a zero-ag new when they appoint a special prostitute of I committee. I'm too late. I can't out. And, well then. You and no. What I'm talking about. I may be in decent and cold hearted. But to take my advice before we're soon imparted. A appropriate and sign of a hardened and spastic as you can. If you will, give Scooter a party. Okay. Or else we're going to have impeachment problems. And, put it on the past track before I have another hard attack. Prop 32, 28 to 1 and 5, 60 WQM. So, like I said, I thought we really turned it a little bit of a corner there. And now all of a sudden I realize I'm staring off into space realizing, but I'm not even though I'm diluting myself. Bob Fitzrec is in Harvey Wasserman, right. In a bull road to restore treacherous elections in Ohio, Ohio is newly elected Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner has requested the resignation of all four members of the Kaya Hogan County Board of Elections. The two Democrats and two Republicans were formally asked to resign by the close of business on March 21, which sounds like today. Kaya Hogan County includes the heavily democratic city of Cleveland. Brunner's a Democrat who is elected Ohio's Secretary of State November 2006. Fellowly convictions have also resolved an 18 month prison census for two employees of the Kaya Hogan B.O.E. as we result about the county prosecutor in the case calls, the ringing of the outcome in the recount following the 2004 presidential election. Further problem surfaced in the conduct of Kaya Hogan County's May 2006 primary in a wake of which Michael who executive director of the county's Board of Elections recently also resigned in the did. In tandem, the shake up in Ohio's biggest county reflects a wideening storm surrounding the outcome of the 2004 presidential election. And the conduct of elections overall in the nation's most pivotal state. Among those Brunner's answer to resign is Kaya Hogan County Board of Elections Chairman Robert Bennett, who chairs Ohio's Republican Party. Been a responded to Brunner by saying that he refused to resign. He's placed the blame for the May 2006 primary problems on private voting machine vendors, including DiBold. Bennett claims the rigging of the 2004 presidential recount was caused by the Kaya Hogan County. Prosecuting his office according to the Columbus dispatch. To make a long story short, the election was stolen. Anybody care? Any interest? No. No. We already know that. Anybody have given credit? No. 5607.060. That's why I was pointless for me to sit here and read that whole entire thing. It's pointless. Right. Even you say that. That's right. They just don't care. What's that kind of to do with dancing with the stars? And this poll here looks like it's frozen. I could be wrong. Yeah, 148. Are we still on the air? We're getting ready to do a Marlin game or what? 1048. It's been stuck there for like, I don't know. I feel like I'm in suspended animation like Larry King. 132.0. 128. 128. Okay. Thanks, Don. That was done. That was done. I'm going to put it back. That's it. That's the end of the calls. Let's see in the video. I think it's time to like pull up our 10 and go home. Let's write in in home. 5. What? It goes to show that I'm delusory. I'm an idiot. I'm a lunatic. It's a delusory. That's all the pastry dish. Yeah. I'd like five of the delusories. How can I, it's like trying to make a shetabry on out of dog droppings. Man out of 11 crab. You just can't do it. WQA in. Hello. Right back to lightning round. WQA in. WQA in. Hello. Bring back lightning. We got a four hour lightning round for these people. Not the only problem is they don't know how to do it. That's the problem. Roughening away four hour lightning round. But you're too stupid to do it. Don't know how to do it. WQA in. Hello. Hey. I was wondering if you guys ever check out a movie called Chumpscruber. No. What? Chumpscruber. It's about these parents and these kids that all have filmed like for Christmas and those and uh, and I'm really seeing a get a well or gallery. I think they get the cameras in my house. Yes. Maybe. Yeah. They don't get along with reality. I'm starting to relate to that right now, man. We got a new reality. I have no idea what's going to happen. I have like an out of body experience. I'm going to go out and lay on a patio here for a few minutes during the next hour. WQA in. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I said a question for you. Do you think you're bald spot? WQA in. I got a cracker. WQA in. Hello. Hi fellas. Great show. How's it going? Okay. So I uh, I just got back to a list of the radio. Did you resolve that? Because I think you guys had a late night recording of the year. We were showing something like a triple cast or something. That guy was asking about before. Did we resolve one? You know, the guy said that you you played recordings of the show. What does that mean did we resolve it? Like there was some kind of a dilemma going on. What does that mean? I don't know about it. But I just wanted to find out if you got to clarify that. Clarify this. Yeah. Exactly. Shmuck. See, not now. We're starting to cook a little bit again. Something turned off the damn stove or I farted just now. Maybe that hell with that damn I do it man. Maybe maybe you didn't have maybe like sternal. Did you hear it? I smell it. I'm not trying to lie over that. No, please. 560560 and pound 560. You've realized in singular wireless line watching now. We don't want any more Randy Rhodes episodes on the studio chair. I'm not running. I think the crap. You know, I had to tell Chris that story. Oh, God. I'm not certain he believes it. It's a true story. It's true. I believe it. It's a scary. It is scary. She's scary. QAM Hello. Just what you know, golf cream has the new slots opening today. The extra slots. And they're awesome. WQAM Hello. I need some questions. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Hello, Steve Nichol. Yes, people Steve. Steve, what's that? Your drawer there, huh? Well, I'll never forget that to when I came. I can't. We signed that door shut so fast. That drawer. You thought he had some goodness drawers. WQAM Hello. Who's a hard pitch? WQAM Hello. And Ratchers. Yeah. What kind of person was that? Is this mo? Mo and Al Michael's there doing a little thing? No, no, no, no. WQAM Hello. I know, Jim, body-golf into Hawaii. Jim, why? Jim, body-golf into Hawaii. Yeah. What do you mean? All right man. Now we're talking. You know that almost almost makes me want to play. Well, I will play it. Because you thought I still had that in here, but I never had it until you see me that disc. Was that the gravelly and it's not rich shot by the way. They want to, okay, I'll think we got the, let me get that little bit more compression go on here. You've got here. There's a little bit of a little bit here, but also the gravel. I got five. Hey, 75 degrees and a magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting live. Hold on a second. Let me, let me, let me stop at over. 75 degrees and a magic city hills and over great storm. Oh, we already are. Come on down with it. We're going to get down to that. We're going to get through the, it's the right time of the play. Hell, I'm talking about. Yeah, you better check with Eric man. Because we still got a thousand 48 votes on the pool. There's something really, something really stints in here, man. Well, I must have been what you did before. Hey, I got another one. I'm curious. I'm not joking. The thousand 40. How's that possible? We went nine minutes without another vote on the pool. And everything seems to be like all frozen up like one on North Pole. I'm breaking up. And now live from Nigel 7. It's the Neo Roger show. I like the ease of the song more than writing. The deal of time like the American boys. Now, with the guys all I don't say about it. This is my favorite, a way of deal. I love the way that bit ended. The bitch I haven't been the same since the poker dying time. No, no, no, no, no. I had done with some party crack read through. I think I didn't go much attention. Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Nigel 7. Thank God. I'm here. It's all over for you, push. Let's stuck on earth. Yes, I didn't know. Well, if you're lucky that crackhead is the last bush to rig an election. Who's on this line? W. Go. I am. Mr. Rogers speaking. I was in the public chocolate today. Sir, and let me tell you that clip out co-pons and Thursdays paper on the shaving. I discovered to my son. No, it's his son. He's got his nose. No, it's not. Two for ninety nine cents on the contrary. Got him off. Was two breaks down for ninety nine cents? No. I don't know about you. That's right. Try to pedal me two breaks down for a price at two breaks down. When they're co-pons clearly stated, they're- Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Who's this line? Sheep in a nine. Clean on peel-colony. Hello. I've got internet. Three tires. No. Okay. I got a ring of course. You hate my contract. About a one minute show. Huh? You can fill the other three minutes. I try and borrow. Can't you buy an inch next? George? Bye-bye, bye-bye. Okay, couple of only six of you. I'm so Christopher your online buddy there. He says don't sure what is dead. Well, obviously they're thinking of a different one. Well, that's what he said. We're competing at it. And I try to- there's a politician don't sure what on there. But it said radio wise, Jackie, and whatever. Huh? Well, obviously this don't sure what is using a fake name. Have you know that? Oh, don't- don't know what the radio has to make name. All we heard was from some broad that keeps calling in talking about don't sure what. That doesn't mean he's still alive. She could be saying, hey, Blinken. I got a voice mail from Don't sure what. You did? How long ago? Like last month. Yeah. And you. Say what? What is he want? What's he want? What's he want? He wants to run the show. He wants to muscle it on the show. What does that mean? He's sitting on the show. He wants to sit on the chair. He wants to be your sidekick. Yeah, kick this. Okay. Back to them, Don. Anthony says you're biggest fan Anthony who is fast before and whatever. How about putting paracillin on today's poll? No. Anthony says I think it would be a lot of fun to be here. Well, how about dressing up like her Anthony and see what everybody says. And get an needle nose like her. Silly Anthony or biggest fan. Hey, Anthony gets some help before it's too late. So we didn't get a big chunk of oats came in on the pool in between something happened. In 1966, when maybe Eric pulled the, maybe he had the freeze on that thing. You know, remember Mr. Freeze. George Rodriguez has got two votes now. They want you man. WCWM. Hello. Okay. You get time for a real baller. No, won't try. I'm not going to get one. You know, I'm not the kind of person who wishes other people to die. Yeah. But when Dick Cheney went to the hospital yesterday, I don't know. I don't wish that he would just grow right away. Yes. We'll have you the best news of all. I mean, yeah. I hate to say it. But and would have been a person you hate to say. You don't hate to say it. That's not a stupid expression. I hate to say this. But and you know, you don't hate to say it. Well, we need to get ready him first. Okay. Okay. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing man? Oh, okay. I'm saying listen, but I'm going to say it. Boy, these, uh, I figured I'm just a yellow guy. I figured I'd call it and try to say something and sort of making a stupid sound. You know, let's hear it. Well, listen, I wanted to tell you. I really less not a really felt like that girl that was crying at American Idol because I happened to be watching it and it made me feel just like her in a sense that my God, I'm stuck in this country and in this city. You know, so listen, in clothing. WDC, WDC, WDC, WAM, hello. WDC, WAM, hello. Oh, yeah. Barry. No one said good, wasn't. No, not really. Very thick. Some of you got choked up in the middle of it. Hi, how are you? Yeah, if you're going to do it, learn how to do it right, you're Mark. WDC, WAM, hello. Hey, you worried you dropped back when you go to woodbind? Yeah, I would. Yeah, I know. I know. What color is it? You know, all the sport I get, excuse. Awesome. WDC, WAM, hello. Oh, Barack Obama. My home and they took a lot. WDC, WAM, hello. I love to say this. George is good. WDC, WAM, hello. Yeah, we got one for the pole. Yes. Chuck Norris. And Chuck, baby. Yeah, I saw a reason on the go to Latina, too. Ha ha ha ha ha. Cheer and no problem. Thousands, 71 votes on the pole. We got something leaked. We got to leaked. Whatever. Whatever we get, we give you. And that's the way I look at it. So don't sure what the court of Christopher is dead. You better read check your info there, Chris. And don't be sending no hookers by to try to, you know, mess up George's life either while you're at it. Is that what you said before? No. You said center right over. That's what I said. Oh. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, we want to thank Michael Jackson for finding that. We'll ask for you, Scott. WDQAM, hello. Hi, you. I got news for Michael Jackson. A little bit of a little bit of an anguish. We're looking for you. That's what I'll say. What's up, goes now? Yes sir. I say I've heard a lot of you know Roger shows, but today the other news back there is, like through the roof, man. Yeah, geez, it's so money. Well let me give you one for the pole and make a quick comment if I could. Go right ahead. I'll put Peter North for the pole. Okay. And this thing you did a poll about the morning show the other day, remember? and whoever can be in small in the morning show yeah yeah you know when mollett i thought about that i said do do do do do do you yeah you know what as much of the you put me off the time i enjoy the show pretty much you know and and after that it's like ten to two and i'm gone and i'm not anti sports i like the mags all get everything but uh just you know the love best you can him and captain Curtis as that's borderline really okay you know the girl you know break and then you know back and forth it's borderline you know it's bad too much yeah well thank god there's nothing i'm not sure what to do that well you know what i mean and then and then to find out that he was a bushman i know i should have let politics you know and for what's gonna pay you like that but you know that colony through all the like a few months ago who did you think of the president in the speech you did a really good job yeah so let me ask you this how long you and still got been sleeping together do you know hello do you know hey Neil this is the maintenance man from westeron mall j c pan do you know do you know the amen same person to be the obvious uh man in the history of mankind he really could be good master but he's and and now he can actually say something that j d is out of there go buy j d go away j d how about those leaves baby all right let's do some hockey talk that'll whip these people up into a frenzy that'll give us down to the nice point zero zero zero one share thousand seventy five most we got a lot of hundred late so what's not to like i got my pants on i got my shirt during this next break i'm gonna put on my shoes i got the pantaloonies and ready to get a lot to wood bind and plentiful my guts w q a m hello hey Neil Rogers open joe how you doing buddy okay joe hey i got a joke for you well we don't do jokes joe especially with a bad the new a kaksan we don't do jokes joe w q a m hello you kill finding with a dog who didn't you yes i did and i put his head and put his head in the box and send you to your house w q a m hello w q a m hello thank you and can't do it Sally w q a m hello q a m hello w q a m hello one for the poll we're on the right okay your crowd man yeah i do blame you thousand now what we got in 1963 and all of a sudden they'd like came to a halt there for an hour was that a technical thing was did we find out or what he said we ran out of space oh see i knew it wasn't just me i was just sitting here hyperventilating about nothing we ran out of space well what with all of them is i mean he's going to be sending another big bill in the mail for more uh space on there is that what it is uh no it is for more bandwidth like on my 31st anniversary i open up my am i hot mail what do i get or my whatever was my yahu and here's a email from my eric not saying hey congratulations old man happy 31st anniversary here's a bill for February for the bandwidth for right yahu for whatever it is yeah you didn't say that but that's okay i'm respected for him because he's in Orlando yeah he's got issues 1083 on a poll we got 1100 in fact we probably got to go on for 12 but i'm not going to do it too much pressure today don't forget mad dog coming up at two no ball game today but tomorrow 1250 marlins and the cardinals and we got all this to round golf stuff coming up this week that should really put us over the time on this is not a tumor it's the one the two hour we go the time i brain is wet i'm what they call it 20% now there's bullshit matters strange in those those things for me and everything i see all wake you come back that But I sacrifice the world's in my favor. Now prove for free for shipping, that's all right. That's all I can. Now all the kids up, lifted that a gun. Shower, over me, I've got a yellow mat in all my ears. My his new feet, a rack. So with their flag and people, that's not the way she's got to. She said, oh man, that one with her, that one is. Oh, what an exciting signal. We got to 11, everybody like that. We went to our technical team. We went to the back of the bag. We ran out of space or whatever hell out of the story. Is he's feeling now? Does nobody's feeling? Space. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We had an hour to kill. We had to have the ball games every day. These people talking about tapes. Let's break tapes of yesterday's ball game. We can have the pregame show. Stern, 11 minutes ago, I could be already a third of the way to wood bind for Christ's six. I could be on the way to lose my ass today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, that was a great format. We had Monday for how long we were on a couple of hours in. Yes, right. We managed to squeeze. Yeah, it took a little bit of a incurring kick into the pantaloon. He's in stuff like that. And then today it's like, oh, geez, we can't do this. They don't look. They ain't got it, okay? You cannot take 400 pounds of chicken droppings and turn into a freaking solvery steak. You can't do it. And that's soft floor to man. I'm ready to take the whole phone like I did on a totally Monday. Take the whole ass for lettuce and take it on the balcony as long as I don't hurt anybody. And just drop it over the edge. Have some guy downstairs like the cons here for something. Yeah, I'll keep the street clear. Maybe put some cones up. That's a good idea. Just take all anything else to do with this phone and just dump it over the edge and have them hold the microphone down there too so we can hear the crash. How many fuel in? Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, how you doing, buddy? Okay. Hey, I want to ask you to put in my call. You went with my biggest, yes, today. I said, why? I've heard of my, I was saying with my biggest call yesterday. Yeah. And you call him here. Doesn't get along, you guys. Ricky? No, I don't want to bring you here like I said. You guys, you guys, you guys, bro. Charly. Charly. They reason why they're not going to be speaking to you people anymore. You got poorly in the back and they fear poorly. They fear what it's going to do to their bottom line. Portly? Yes, that's the truth. Yes, it's a boy in a big voice. Bro Tondo in the back. That's the guy. Was that it? He's not in the back. He's in the front, right? He's in the front. You like it like that? 30 QA and I think it's easier to maneuver. QA and. I have a question for George. Yes. George? Right here, man. What you like better? Lily Allen and I Amy winters. Who? Lily Allen and I Amy winters. The same as from London. I don't know who they are. Lily Allen, how's that? Because that's one I've heard of. That's the one you heard of. You haven't heard of? You haven't heard of Amy winters? No. She's good, yeah. He sounds like a eagle probably. They're looking for a horse. More important. WQA and hello. The other ones, those are the people. Awesome. However, Canada sucks. Okay. Thank you. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I just want to let you guys know. I'm both for a land now. And not completely because of the. Wireless cars that you haven't eaten. For your laptop. I'm able to listen to you. I've been a land on my friend. So keep up the network. Yeah. That's best. Ha ha ha. Keep up the good work. Oh my god. This is really something. It's a fly opener if it's anything. Love it. I've written five votes on the pool. If I could be somebody else for one day, I would be Hugh Heffner 301. It's all they know. Hugh Heffner. Hugh Heffner. You have to look at all the products you did. Yeah. Again, he's 145 years old. Okay. He's probably got a bag. They probably got, you know, keeping in the line with tubes in his nose. 301. I got to be me 256. And of course, listen to these people on the phone. It's obvious why. Tiger Woods 125. Because he's got that hot blind wife. I hate this pool 88 that keeps going up 7.9% I don't blame you. Howard Stern 4070 Rogers 46. I'm right in the house. He's asked Bill Clinton 46 George W 45 Tom Brady 39. Tommy's common ladder fast. Anybody with who I am 33 Bill Gates 19 Wayne Heizinger 18. Hillary Clinton at nine. Nine guys want to be Hillary. They want to be that much though that book. George Rodriguez, look at that. You're all way up to eight. You're right in the hell of a house. Maybe they want to work with you that you passed. You passed. I don't like he was sitting out in a pole position. Seven for Paul Allen. Shaquille O'Neill, Shaqs got six. Brady Quinn five. Ron Jeremy four. Vanessa, uh, paradise four. And Peter North, the old straight shooter three. Or probably that is Peter just 245. He can still bring it though. He can still bring it. If you catch my drift. 115 votes. They can still bring it. We can still send it. W 2 I am. Hello. No, I would really love to see the one I ever do to you guys. Yeah. Put that on your lift because what did I ever do to you? W 2 I am. Hello. Oh. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Um. You give a listen to me ask your arm. Okay. Why? NPR. No. I think you have an interview with the lay on yesterday that would make your show. I don't want to hear about Tom Delay. I don't want to hear that he was on yesterday morning. I'm tonight at your. I don't want to hear that he was on the meet the press with him. I don't care about Tom Delay. Get it through your brain. Okay. I don't freak him care. The fact that they keep bringing his criminal and stick it on here all over the place. And you people keep listening to it. What is wrong with you? I don't think where we're going to discuss politics on the show again. I think it says we're making up all these new rules this week for everything for every part of my life. Let's make up that one too. No more. And so least the turn of the year until the tip till we have an election coming. Till the something we're talking about. All these great political experts out there. They had Tom Delay on NPR and this one really ripped him and asked about it. And who cares? That's like saying that they brought 400 pounds of elephant crap on it. Put it on the table. They said it smelled bad. Wow. Even in the Bible they never had revolutions like that baby. Man, is that how do you do to your what? That's duty. Double to Q a m hello. God these cows suck. W Q a m hello. W Q a m. Ola. Check your bill for. W W Q a m. How's it going now? Great. Best of all over here painting in four-laterdale. On the end of course the next of it. Al Goldstein's old house. How did everybody move the middle finger? Yeah. And I don't know what happened to Al. He's not here. Yeah. He lives that out. He lost everything. Oh, that's good. All right. Good show now. Thank you. Okay sir. Okay. Bad call. Good show. Poor Al man. That's what we let's get out on the end. See if he can like cause slender a few people. I hate the eye. There you go. Me. Yeah. This is your red. All powerful and friendly. Vice president. See. I'm telling a nice good thing. I'm too, well. Give you pay better understanding. Here. I don't believe she will happen. And I have to. I didn't expect him to burn for 9-11. His son is in the middle of doing the call. As always. You were not lying to win water. He was attacking his own along. I was a close relative who said that. We changed it. He's shunned. A loop. A bear. A bear. They called me on good. Okay. And I am also responsible for the twin tower bombing in 93. Well, the Ashmami. He was I. It was I. He was also I was at the end of that. Oh. He was I go shun, because of Beachmark. Oh. He was I who I'm the battery plane. Not Bob Noback or Carl Nob. I think they would do it in much so, ever. He was on me. He was also I who killed Shundra. And I knew he was the best one behind the battery. And I knew. It was I who was the best one behind the battery. And I knew. It was I who hired me to call me to read headlines. Despite the retarded speech and betterment. Oh. It was I who played saturated pens and she co-states. What else can I tell you. Okay. Okay. It was I who invented Stinny jeans. Which no one of questionable girls can wear. Is it my point to I know I'm John Bernoucian. Boy, I thought you'd be. I have been dead for three years. Like John Sherwin. And so, one 16 and five, 60 WQA. And so anyhow, I know whether you saw this, whether you have the copy that I get with the discovery from chicken neck. I get a copy of the disc. I don't need to say the same thing. I got on here. Wow. When does. Crime change, man. No, don't think I got that. Woo! Oh, right. So, that's friction too. I might wet myself. Crime change. Oh yeah, here comes. Huh? Oh, oh, oh. And there's a good feeling of death. What the fuck? I thought you'd be. I thought you'd be. I thought you'd be. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And all the bad things. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Me, oh, yeah. Where's I? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Where's I? Where's you? Where's I? Who? Who? Making strong, let me know? Let's go. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. May Who loves to gain power You, Lord, You love me Allah Vous nous All are  Lastly show you know As I look higher I feel For he's my manff, we'll leave before the world round And all the friends will wonder We'll be back with the wind We'll find the bodies educacin fires are theirs Amen Oh, like a religious experience, great! When I was in the cinema, I had kind of a cow-sales flavor to it, which I like. The cow-piles? Yeah. You know, in the 90s, it really is a crunch. You may have two big hits up on a roof, and it could be word love, which if he has the other one, it could be word love. I may just have an accident on the floor, right behind the door in the studio, huh? What's going to find it for you? Wow. Well, that piece is something that we were able to relate to before I stick my faddle ass in the ground. Let me think about going to the cinema and going to the pool. We wouldn't have had a shot at 1200 if we were to push the day by, you know. I'm just one of those guys now, I'm just kind of like looking outside thinking about going to the patio, putting one leg over the edge. Oh, that's crap. You got money to lose today, you can't do that. Yeah, like I said. WQA in, hello. WQA in, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How's it going? Great. How to tell you why I will be judged, but so they could put honey and bird seeds in my rough. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line. It seems to me I could be wrong, but a lot of you guys have had a real obsession with that dome. Yes, you know what I'm saying? That dome. That dome. That dome. It's such an over it, okay? Come up with something a little bit new and more original. You know, I'm just going to say that using my old tried and true material from 100 lines, 100 years. That dome. How? It damn they're chillin' them, that's right. It's Lewis knows where it's at. Back dome. WQA in, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Did you know that the drummer for the crying shame set of hooks? He had a what? He had a hook for an arm. He had a hook? Yep. The drummer. The drummer. Jack out played drums with a hook. Very well. He's a very prominent there. Okay, well good old captain hook. See, I didn't have this old crying shame, it's trivia. Now we're making some real progress, baby. Now we're really kicking ass ancient style. The drummer for the crying shame had a hook. WQA in, hello. Neil, you still think it's called? Yeah, you got one? Yep. Okay. Just checking. WQA in, hello. Neil, what's your take on that whole time delay thing? Yeah, back to them, that's my take. WQA in, hello. I touch myself. WQA in, hello. K, like a difficult to read. WQA in, hello. W, what a play the dance this morning. W, that's definitely your buddy, your boyfriend. Doing David Cassidy stuff. QA in, hello. There, I want for the follow. Yes, sir. Sir, the kid, Sydney, Crosby. He's ugly, man. Do you care? What a hockey player. Yeah, okay. Sydney, Sydney, Crosby, put him on there. Okay, Sydney, Cid the kid. Wants to be a great hockey player this guy. I'm sure he's got a million dollars and he's getting whatever he wants, you know. When you're a big job like that, no matter how grotesque your schnises, what you look like, he's getting all he can handle, baby. Make no mistake about that. He shoots, he scores, you know what I'm saying? Fits my grief. Let me have it in 43 votes on the poll. Then we got that Marlon game to our wild. I'm going to need to be free from our. We have to like try to put the pieces of my brains back together again. W2A in, hello. Where's P.P from? Cover fine, set up. W2A in, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Got a call for Neil? Let me say it again. This is Neil, sir. That's fine, Neil. That was quick. Question. Why do you keep pushing the button on that rectum bit that he pushes? Is it getting kind of tried? That he pushes? Yeah, obviously when he says, correctum. Well, who the, where, where, where, who's he? Your colleague, yes, in the Miami end. He's not pushing any button. I'm doing right here. Back back home. Back back back back back back home. He don't push any buttons. Back back home. The button is back home. Including the one on your dumb car. Why does he keep pushing the button? He's bringing you for that. It's getting kind of stales, what he says. Well, maybe if you like to do a little, or a little, or a clean, a cleansing, you might help. You know, you see, I got a bedaid. Yeah, there you go. Little body wash couldn't hurt. 30 Q AM, hello. You're putting two thumbs up for that song, Neil. Sir. Neil, like that? Excellent. See, there you go. Excellent. This guy actually liked. See, usually when I play music, which I try to avoid like the plague, and I wasn't doing it to go time, it's just that he put it on the disc. And I was just so, um, I was just overwhelmed by the fact he put it on there. Overwhelmed, emotional, like almost in tears, almost. Do you think it's that good? I liked it. I like it a lot. Well, thank God. I hope they've ever heard it since, uh, maybe then, since, uh, you were upon a roof. Right. WQA, and hello. Since the roofers run the roof, yes, sir. On side. Okay. Yeah. WQA, and hello. Don't mind me. I'm just hoping. WQA, and hello. Yeah. When I called you earlier today, and after to play that bit of... You called me earlier today about the automobile thing. You're calling me again a second time today. What are you trying to tell us, sir? I have no luck. You asked me why I didn't say hello. Hello, Neil, and all that. Right. Well, everybody else said that he watched it. I wasn't talking to you. Because it's a party. Because it's a common courtesy when you pick up the phone and you call somebody, you say hello, Schmingrick. Hello, Schmingrick. In your case, look in the mirror. You'll see Schmingrick. Schmingrick. Schmingrick. Schmingrick. Schmingrick. All of these things. All of these things. That's what you'll see. Call me earlier today. This is the softball tomorrow, baby. I have no luck. I have no luck. I have no luck. I have no luck. I have no luck. WQA, and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. What the tank owner does he the biggest name droper we know? I'm going to calm up and ask him. That's a really good idea. Calm up and find out. WQA, and hello. You know why I am? I'm no green. I made my balls with you. WQA, and hello. QA, and hello. Why? Not good. WQA, and hello. I like that one. WQA, and hello. WQA, and hello. Just tell me what you want. WQA, and hello. Neil got your bag. I'll have to fix line one by one. We're going to fix line one by the way. We're going to be one more time. Two am, hello. Hi, I'm Leah. WQA, and hello. WQA, and hello. WQA, and hello. I think we got any of the shower there that time. He's doing it. I can't tell you what he's doing, but it sounds to me like he's doing it. There's 247 on a full bottle. Not too shabby. There is so many snow from the White House going, but what the hell is that? What does that fast news? What do you expect? Something we said in that series. But don't stop me now. I'm on fire, Dad. Like scissor cats. Why I'm the scissor. Hey, now I want a personal note. This new life of leisure. A bad idea. Why I'll have you know why. Now the hot rob of skeletal women bite a pool. They like my nice back. I got a play in strip my job. I'm going to tell you. But I want to tell you. This brazilquake might turn off and drag. Or you guys don't got it, huh? But you wish I had me back. Well, not had you out of life. No church. You're like a city and that's smelly dumb again. See? Well, yeah, maybe. Number 32. And by the way, have a nice day. Well, you know he's listening right now. Don't do it. Okay, or not. Maybe whatever makes you happy. Whatever makes you miserable and unhappy. And those around you. Number 158 votes on the pool. We need, you know, we could still do it. What do you think, Chris? People really want to be nice. We can do it. Nice. You can do it. Yeah, that would be nice. I think tonight, I guess I don't know. Depends on how long I stay would buy and how much I lose. I was going to say we're going to watch Borat the one that's actually, I can watch with the English shirt. And what's the difference between this one you sent me? Yeah, I have one. Like Portuguese subtitle or something? Yeah, something. This one has the, this is the real deal DVD English subtitle, which is about half the jokes are actually subtitled because, you know, and it's great. And also like all the scenes that didn't make it into the theater version because the length you know how that goes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is very nice. I'm going to watch it. Because that, that thing kind of threw me. Anyway, we need 42 votes in 27 minutes. That's less than 2 a minute to get to 1200. But I think this thing is frozen again. I'm going to start to get a little bit suspicious. I think he's dealing with us today, you know? Don't you? It's still stuck there. It doesn't fit me. I keep refreshing it. I know we got a shot. And it's still, every time I refresh it, it still stays there. So maybe nobody is listening. You think that's possible? We have that 21 drop. 11 seconds. What? 1159. We have that 21 drop outs on our thing. I'm going to send out our micepace. What am I talking about? Oh, we got a few drop outs on our micepace. Make no mistake about that. And you know, I never, I checked. I double checked to see if Christopher did his research and we checked it on sure what thing. And he never followed up on it. You know, all you wanted to do was give me to play old meal again, which I didn't. And that was the end of that. You know, I'm easy. I'm easy, Chris. 1160 votes. They're coming in by the ones. They say we're going to need 40 votes in 26 minutes. And I'm doing the math as they say. And that's another one. We should have done it in a whole last Friday to do the math. Right. I mentioned it, but I don't think we ever put it on there. That is so freaking annoying. 1161. They're just trickling in by the ones. I think we better go back to the bedtime story, sir, tomorrow. I think I've chased the entire audience. And when I think the audience chased the audience away. Here's a thanks while we're waiting for the votes to pour up. And you'll see there. I'll click on one of these times. It'd be a big chunk. They'll come through for us. You'll see. 1163. See there's two. There's a pair. Oh, what a pair. Here's a note from Frank and Melbourne. He says a note on Judge Larry Court of the Pottsmoker we talked about. That story yesterday. I had a family location for the Court of New Year's ago. My exit taken our child out of state to find the court order not to do so. I managed to find who it get her served. She and her new hubby show up. He's a rich eye doctor that holds surgical patients. My argument was to have the court take the child from the ex-duty or heading flood to state and not allowing visitation. According to Florida case law, court assured of switch custody. Instead, after a morning of arguing, courted to clear his lunchtime break. We all leave, but the judge is an hour late. He claimed he would have had a flat tire. But the ex-duty husband were gone. They did so me letting go for a funeral. The result was they and my child left the court's jurisdiction. And even if court had ruled for me, my daughter was gone. Took a bribe, had a flat, had a tock, who knows, just is forget about it. Says Frank. He says, yes, I'm an attorney of a snooze where we did. Thank you, Frank, and Melbourne. And I'm so sorry that Judge Court had a lot of smoke of the fat one. Or whatever he was doing. How do you like that, huh? Don't freaking judge court. Hey, his hand. Oh, you're just really different. Never want to be a sweet different man. Or whatever you get, don't do as I do, as I say. That's the American effin' way. That's what they're the. That's what everybody tells you. Don't do as I do. Do as I say. They talk you like all of the logistics freaks. Give you a big son of dance. And they're all doing anything. If it's still warm, they're doing it. If it's a warm blow up dollar doing it. Even if it's lukewarm, or if it's like luke and Matthew. 1171, we need 29 votes in 24 minutes. That's barely over one minute. Now, those should think a high price, legendary show like this ought to be able to do that. Okay. But if it's just, I keep refreshing. And ordinarily there's, you know, it's beer for more here. 1172. They're coming by the ones. They're coming by the ones, man. This is not good. Do I sound like I'm getting an adjective? I'm getting ready for woodbots. I'm getting ready for woodbots. Yeah. There's a grass fire in Miami and CNN's going to have the details. It's kind of grass. And they got Tony Stoh. It's very, very portable to tell you what kind of grass. Good stuff for the regular. Columbia and we, baby. I don't know. Who the hell knows? Some crap. Let me take a look at it again. Okay. Let me just take a peek. 1172. See nothing has happened to none there. I think, I think, where you can save the juice on the transmitter. We're talking to ourselves. Even that, it requires is a dittler. And then all of a sudden, he'll then open a thing up again. There'll be like, 1240 at the end. We need 28 votes in 23 minutes on this show. That should be a no brainer to get to our 12 hundred. To get to our goal to make us feel good about this show is, it's one of these calls. It's one of these, we have mouth breathing idiots. 1173. See, I'm thinking, mix and match. That's what I'm going to have to do. I'm going to have to go back to mix and match. Mix and hoop. Mix and match. Mix and match. Like they say at the paint factory. Mix and match, baby. Let's mix up a batch. WQAN. Hello. A new could you play that African American? Absolutely not. Whatever it is, we're not playing it. There's another guy. Does he say hello? Does he say hey, New Ozagol and A? Does he extend the blender and hand a friendship? Nothing. Could you do this for me? Can you play this for me? Yeah, how about playing dead? How's that, sir? Can you play dead for us? Because I have no line. Yeah, we know that. I think I'm going to win today. I think I'm going to have a good day. I'll sacrifice a chicken for you. Good. Now, New Ozagol and A is the studio door. Can't hear it. Can only smell better. WQAN. Hello. New Ozagol and A is the host. This is the host. Are you the wafers? The host. He's doing a bad fill 100. Is that like intense? That's what he's going to be. He's doing a bad fill 100. Is that like intense? That's what he's going to be. He's going to be. And cool and hip. He's going to be as an elephant's father. I'll ride you. You're right. On headline news. We're seeing great interviews. The notorious Easter Bunny. One on one. So you type eggs. Color them. You've seen God knows what. And had them. Yeah. Get love Easter egg. I'm really. You think exploiting children is fun. You just hippity hot down the bunny trail while millions of children are victimized. They're how to use sleep at night. Nancy Grace. At her bunny, bad dream. Best. The last time I checked. Bunny's don't lay in. I can only imagine the sick. Her bird sings that you do to those poor chickens. You know there's going to be a rabbit split dangling from Nancy Grace's key chain after this interview. Timmy. On headline news. More than a bunny rabbit. 144 or 16. Go to it. 560. You can't. Almost that time. Maybe it's almost Easter and pace off. All right. Get out the stalemars. From last year. I bought it wholesale. And get out some. A crane. And get filled with fish. And pace it with the key candies. It's time for the bubble mice. Maybe all over the list is Easter. It's all of stuff. So anyway, let's see. I got two of things here. It's better not having any. Well Chris says that that's all he was able to find. I'm sure with things which he sent me some language. I don't have time to do it around with. Because I got my shoes on now. My pantalones. I got my wood by winning shirt. I hope. It says I think George is right. Somebody's using Don sure what's named it. Try to muscle it on the show. Or maybe the guy that the insane asylum heavier number. You sure wouldn't believe that not today. Guys. It's an on house. And also I'm supposed to explain for my other body on here. Well not on the ear, but what a grasser is. I'm not going to tell that whole story. I'll send it to him. But the grasser. I mean, is that just a name I made up of? Was it something we just did a Michigan state where they had that everywhere? A grasser. I never heard that. But you heard me tell the story many times. Yeah. A grasser is when a bunch of like college guys. Like a place in the woods. You know? No matter where you live, there's always going to be some woods somewhere. Right? Why are you like it's like like you don't like I'm speaking a foreign language. And you take a bunch of blankets and take a carload of a broads and booze and whatever goes with it. The three bees, blankets, booze and broads. And you go out in the woods and you like a square round of a glass. And you're grasser. You're grasser. You're grasser. You're a racer. Yeah. I just never heard a call that you were. I'm an old fag. You know, you just called a party and that's you. Well in college it was a grasser. That's what I call it Michigan State. It was a grasser. I'm a straight court. It helps. He likes his grassers. In fact, I left my watch and my grassers right out there. That's I'm going to ruin the story. I don't want to sell a whole stroke as I've told a hundred times on the earth. But that's a grasser. What it is. And I guess I do have to explain it because maybe that's just a word that the kids made up. How do I know? You know? When you're in college your people kids make up all kinds of crap. Because there isn't what you're there for to be a smart ass and there's not to learn anything. I don't know. I'm trying to say. I'm trying to say. I like I've told you a million times. This is a damn good thing that I'm trying to think if there was anybody in my I'm I'm I for in my dorm and each show hall. I mean, you can say if there was any guy that we need looked even close to good and I went No, they were all ugly. Because that would have been pretty. Although as an ever fact, they did catch a couple of guys. They yeah, and my I'm I for. I don't remember who they were and they were ugly too. But they cut a couple of guys in the sack doing hanky spanky with each other. How do you like that? Uh, her. Yeah. How do you like that? God, and of course, can you imagine having to live that down afterward? Oh boy. Wow. I would have changed underwear and changed dormitories and changed schools and changed appliances. I mean, at the end, of course, this is back in early in 60 61 hundred years ago. I was in college. And you know what about you? You see, there's nothing more vicious more rotten than kids. As you know, right? Oh, yeah. And so he got somebody that you found out is a day or is like, well, whatever. You know, or likes to wear ladies underwear or whatever it is. And you catch him in the act of putting on ladies underwear or the act of, you know, hanky spanky with each other in the dorm room. I think, you know, when you think you'd lock the freaking door, maybe the roommate came in, you know. That's probably got to be a very unsettling sound when you hear the key in the door. I'll probably if they were like in the heat of passionate in here, the key in the door. That's right. So, probably a lot of any breathing going on. You know, so you don't hear that key in the door. It only stood out. And the door squeaks open and oh, no. What's going on in here? What are you laughing about? That's gotta be. Can you imagine anything more rather not? Well, not good. In fact, all these years, I kind of, I don't know. I didn't block it out like in, oh, we got 1194. We're going to make our 1200 votes. Let's hear it! All the bad. This is almost like a loser. But we can go Monday. We can go whenever it. I was. Remember that day when we got 1500 and some votes during the show? Back when we still had an audience. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But when you come right down to what I mean, what's the big deal? Look at 90. That's the 1200. Yeah. So that was a premature evaluation. But up until I started telling the story about the grass. In fact, I'm flicking this and it's still out of 94. That would be pretty embarrassing if we don't get the other six votes. So some of you who voted before, please do it again to make sure we get it. Because otherwise I would have gone through all that effort to play all that. It's still out of 94. I think Eric has got his foot on a break. This is a very spastic day here on this internet. You know, 1195. Now there's one. Oh, and the big news on the CNN grass firing my own. Oh, my god, I showed him WSVN. Now the rest of the world can understand how to be pressing this to live in my any. Grass fire. I wonder where the hell it is? They're going to have to have the grass or it got out of control. They were having a grass or it got out of hand, so to speak. There's not what you generally hope for. The grass is that it gets out of hand. Now look at this. This is quite a story. The hear off.  CRECATIVE because he cut her off according to the rest report. I should find a lawyer like cut me at birth and he cut me off big time. She initially told police she was a PBSO deputy when police asked for her ID. She removed the handcuffs from Ellen walk back through her 2000 BMW. She said she was making a citizens arrest for road rage and started naming people she knew in the Palm Beach, SO, Sheriff's Orifice. Melon said he was heading eastbound in the 4,000 block of Clinton wore road when two cars were speeding up behind him and he said he thought Otto was a male and saw her put on a utility belt that police said had Mason handcuffs and walked over to a mass king for his driver's license and registration. Melon left and the two cars chased him and Otto put it in the police. Melon was boxed in and pulled over just like Donnie Briner there. He delivered box him and he's 4 and he's 15 lanes wide on the outside. He's at the outside fence. He'll never do a boxed on the end. Melon was boxed in and pulled over. Otto then cut them and police said, vocabalese pulled over when they saw the scene in the rest of the day. He was a driver of the Honda, filled up the crash minutes. The police thought it was a deputy that was helping out. Otto was the granddaughter of NASCAR co-founder, Edgar Otto. How do you like that? Oh boy, now the plot stick is just like the piece of it's getting really thick. Probably one we did it. I'm not going to, oh I'm not going to, oh my god. By the way, we used to stop hitting them buttons in it. That guy was right going at all, that old naeya. That was George's, that was George's, right there. That was mine. That was mine. That's like gay or not gay, you know we could have our old reading a few segments on the show and really probably get a least maybe a point three share yeah. Neil or George. Maybe I do. I'm waiting. Oh sorry. There ya go. I think I screwed up. I never do that. Well, I'm as far as the pattern. Yeah, I never do that. I'll be your pardon. For a long time you haven't screwed up in a long time. Oh I see, you know remember when the last time was? I don't. Come on, I'm 100 and 12 votes on the poll. Let's hear it. Is this from Neil or George? Oh. Who's blowing? Oh yeah, I thought we were going to do. Right, um, or right, um. There ya go. Who's, who's, who's asses on first? Here's this little bassy, you're I think. Yeah, a little more pimply tune-a-dow. That's from the advanced age. You know, you get to be old. That's another thing. Things like sprout up on your forehead, like on the side of your nose. They just almost got my glasses today. Pop up? Yeah, they do like that. Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's strange things. 1212 votes on the poll. We got to our 12-in-thek. You so very much. So many, many much. And you have to, they want to be. They want to be 100 years old and have lots of good memories, I guess. Is that what that's all about? Oh yeah. Or something like that. Yeah, I'll show you up. We got a band. Sorry. We got a band like, so these bands are hanging in the basement. We have five, six, so WQA. Oh, well, he's certainly more in total all the time he wants. Like maybe like noon to bother, he's going to work up the model. They're model next to this year's speed, 1259 noon. Don't play. Oh, the hard burn. Don't go, don't play. Every time I see. Go, go, go. And pray to our debut. Go, go, go. On. On TV. He's present in some. Oh. Pray, power, get muscle in. And in our kingdom and in hideous, I don't know why. They're world-fantest, yeah. But no, he's here. First comes a bit important. He's present in some. He's present in some. He's present in some. He's present in some. Oh, what I can do. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. And get to we go, hold it more. Oh, one. Here, you want this. Don't go, don't go. Lift, strumming, stupid. Go, go, go, go. And this drum, get rich, get. Go, go, go, go, go. And this is it. Don't bother me. He's present in some. Oh, what I can do. Oh, what I can do. I can do. I can do. I can do. I can do. I can do. Oh, what I can do. Oh, what I can do. You and I, but help don't fear. We've got a great leader here. We're present in some. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Bye, bye, bye.