The night of your prime news, Congress convenes congressional hearings on gun control. At R.A. Warren's legislators not to do anything stupid, and no one will get hurt. Get all the shocking details on tonight's prime news. Alright! Here's a brand new theme, all the kids are learning to play now. In every big city across the US, it's a hard word for the other fellow who weigh now. They've all got guns done, out there on the streets to pay. And the guns out there on the streets to pay. And the music he brought it is a show in town. New Theatre starts then, and what is this? The Edge of Lehigh Plaza University of Illinois, You can't just come back there on the street The two of us The four of us who you can make like a dream for rain Now we're dreaming tonight You're the first one you've watched this and now it's so scary You're waiting and now we're in our way So what a sunny can't be You can still join me in our day and night You can't stand the sun, take it all, go each other We're waiting for stars, me and you have heard that Dance, dance, dance, I'll be on the streets Today, dance, dance, dance, dance I wonder what a truck has to make you fall down He's not dead yet, isn't he? Damn it, he was son of a bitch Yeah, wonder what a old Charlie with a Spend X-Pan sinks about it He's my favorite scene in bowling for Conno Banners I've only said that, how many million times But I bet you liked it too Yeah, it was fun When he went modeling off there after Michael Moore He just caught him with his Spend X-Pan and loomies down It was no parting the red sea but it was still pretty good When he whipped up that NRA card Money, padded him on the hand Good boy, good boy, let's go kill some of us I'm right Hey, that's American Ray, maybe a naked a change A naked a change is going to be all kinds of a pontificated Even the pontificated is probably going to pontificating Most important story, they'll be before we get to that And you do realize, I hate to say this But you do realize it's just another story now Yeah, you don't understand that, it's like an undercold And it's like, you don't have anything new on her, do you? And it's like all these things All of these things, it's the rotestory du jour Because the public has been desensitized by grotesque And unacceptable behavior And I love the way they're saying all the condolences Are coming in from around the world Around the world what they're really saying Is there go those barbaric Americans again Would are crazy guns shooting the hell out of each other That's what they're saying, but nevertheless, those barbaric Americans Here in the barbaricans are like that Remember that Conan in the barbaricans? So that's what I saw twice Cape Coral, here's an important story that I think you can relate to Especially with the occult in our gang Who would test an old grief? A woman arrested for shoplifting is blamed The crime line irritable, Balson Dromathirty But right! First shoplifting, I'm going to start using that as an excuse I'm going to go out and pick me up some good rate Yeah, what was she doing some melodia? What was she doing some melodia? What was she doing? Can we get to that? All right, it doesn't really say what she's doing Hell and gallows 61 of clear water Was arrested Sunday after allegedly shoplifting From a Cape Coral grocery store Well, you know, you got to get them right grocery And she's going to be like, oh, I'm going to get them right I'm going to get them right grocery I'm going to get them right grocery Maybe she's getting some beans Some dinty more beans and stew and ore's a meadow Talk about food for Goyam That'd be a good poll to take some day What food is the most for Goyam? All right, I think pork and beans I don't know the juicy pork and beans The daily breeze of Cape Coral reports Gallauder reportedly Atrola 30s that she couldn't wait in line Or although as we say in South Florida online She couldn't wait online Because she has irritable bowel syndrome or syndrome According to the newspaper I guess what that means is that nature was calling You can relate to that Yes, I can and so can I at my advanced age Gallauder was charged with petty larceny And there it is again, P-E-T-I-T Petty larceny You know, I've been to Lysder or we've been to a stupid crap on the year A hundred years ago It's not a thing that usually see in print that petite larceny Are you pardon? It's petite larceny Just be kidding, put it to the tiny little larceny Right More French crap If we didn't get it from the grits we got it from the frogs bay Maybe that's the problem with America right there Plus guns And the crazy people are George Bush Gallauder was charged with petty larceny Relie's Sunday from the Lee County jail in $500 She did not answer telephone call placed by the AP to her home It was known as she had an attorney She was shoplifting in the grocery store Because she had irritable bowel syndrome And she couldn't wait online So she grabbed the goods and off she went I can't play with the bitch You don't have an EIBS for a long time It's not good, it makes it irritable Although I haven't really had the real bad stuff lately Oh, and I did mention yesterday and I got sidetracked And I found two restaurants while nothing I found them Because I've been eating there for a long time But there are two edible restaurants in Amsterdam Two restaurants with a food is edible All they need to restaurants if you like Most of the places there you'd be better knowing on the wood Then eat them for you Oh my god Oh that Dutch cuisine man That piece soup A green piece soup even Linda Blair won't go there Can I tell you what the restaurants are? Sure I mean who knows? I'm not talking about for your better I mean it's that time of the year It's a 17th of April A lot of people are going on vacation Right now is a good time to be planning vacations Like my nature to answer them Oh brother Now there's Zach Who held off the gun And Zach's a good looking young man Virginia Technop It makes any difference of course Whether people are good looking or not But we'd much rather look at the ones who look fairly good I'm not saying he's real good looking But he's a you know doable Now that was a terrible thing to say Wasn't I'm a client as Wooden said that He wouldn't have said that Kid there is doable I would not have to know if he had Well No No How about doable and Louisville I've always said just say The first one is the Marquis Now I know I run hot and cold on the Marquis I'm like Amsterdam itself It's like anywhere you go If you have a great time you say Oh man what a great place that is If you have a crappy time Or you get sick there or something like that Or you get pick pocketed Then you say Oh that's a horrible place Don't go there The Marquis on the damrack That's got to like a certain allegoration to it Doesn't it? The Marquis on the damrack It's not too bad And they can't make up their mind What they want to be Because they've been sold about 4,000 times And lines to since I've been going there If you don't have a gold name Should I am for 20 years Wow I'm going to Europe for 20 years First trip I made in Europe In 1987 I went to Rome Copenhagen and Amsterdam And you know what kind of time I had? That's it Anyway And the other one is I don't know what the name of it is It's a Mandarin restaurant It's south of the damrack It's on the other side of the damrack The southern extension of the damrack Which is like the main tourist we just called Roken You know what that means in Dutch I mean Roken Oh really? Literally Like the Ossay Like an airport Nied Roken which means no smoking Roken and you have to You have to roll the ours And you have to roll the ours And you have to roll the ours You're not even in the same league with a Dutch Roken Roken You got to roll it Roll up the rim to win But it's a Mandarin Chinese restaurant You go upstairs And is it right there? Right there I guess next time I go I should figure out the name But it's other than that don't eat there Just go to Mickey D's And don't go to KFC Wow You think you've got intestinal problems With that brought over there in a west coast Wow, wow They have some kind of extra special thing They put in the chicken and KFC and hamster them It's right next to McDonald's So take and they got Burger King There is exactly the same That's one thing I would pizza One thing I will say About fast food joints And I can't say too much about them But and that is the consistency McDonald's in hamster damr Or in roll And if you go to Roman E. McDonald's you need to be shot Once I did, moment of stupidity We just like a snack, you know Three triple cheese burgers, something like that But this is exactly the same No matter where we are in the world we eat that stuff And in Amsterdam, Mickey D sometimes is a very pleasant Refreshing change from the swirl that they for a fresh as food Most of the restaurant So there is a little travel tip for an oyster charge Here is the pool from yesterday And boy, my proud of myself that we didn't We're not doing this anymore I hate this pool as Miguel or where that Sir? No Now where is Chris and the Josh being out today? What's that all about? Not sure Chris said something I mean Chris said hey I'm going to be gone tomorrow Then blah blah and then I stopped paying attention Because I didn't care And then I forget why Josh isn't here He's probably going to have day from all these guys And obviously he's going to have a space that won his ass I'll tell you For a guy that is his marginal looking as Josh and he really is He's sure gotten a lot of attention I thought of this show What's the product in his hair? It looked way better Some product? Yeah, some dipty do Oh, I thought you were talking about product in his Correct A swimming there is a god And considering the god created everything both the good Like low, blue skies, puppies and kittens Oh, kittens I mean we were doing so well What we got to puppies and kittens Fowl, kittens can be cute A kitten is going to put a grower up there And the bed, death disease destruction And of course, guns What if my man invented guns But god knew he was going to do it What overall grade would he give God I've got a B-plus on the show yesterday Thank you professor B-plus, it's not bad First day back out of the box goes to show you Even in my advanced age, I still haven't lost it And I'm not scratching anymore today No, you know, so I think I got over whatever disease I picked up an umpti-bomb I didn't even come to disease I did not, I'm not unclean Sorry Sorry I didn't bring back no bad nothing In fact, I'm ready to go back Right now Oh, god, if you knew Here's the full result For the last time I hate this pool Wins 259 Last chance, wherever we're putting that on there I hate this pool Because we're just tired of people If you're a negative tourri attitude 121% God gets a seed from 243 areas And F As in 235 235 It was all pretty close AC and F A 227 That's only if God is Canadian A What if God is Canadian? D149 And B122 How do you like that? I've got to be plus and God's at B Only 120 1233 vote Well, I guess so What are we going to be talking about today? All day I hope not all day Oh, and I got a good article You're like after I miss his Rush Limba Next conservatist here The return of the fairness doctor And you're like that, stir It gives a little bit of hope There's not much hope And of course, and I got a great column By a grove it out Oh, that's too bad we got Miguel here today Cause I got a little bit of reading to do Not too much though I should have gone to the end of the world I started to swear I'm in a spinal ul when I started reading a lot of bedtime stories You still love the show I can run by You still love the show Yes See how quietly he said that He has a long admitted Really here No, you all love the show He just loved me that's what it is Oh, it's pity Let me stop by before the show It is back in our sales department You know this is how it's ignoring him As much as I possibly couldn't he didn't pay it He didn't pay any attention That's what I took a picture Just what he said Sales people are his holes The current information What? The current information of PD He was wearing a carnation Or the reincarnation Is this reincarnation of Peter Proud? That's a pretty good movie That was not bad With Michael Serrison and what's your name that you like so much What's your name Jennifer? I don't know Oh come on Flowers Oh Neil Jennifer O'Neill I believe I don't know The reincarnation of Peter Proud But I saw it He was a tennis player, remember that? No Now we got a lesson Let's see if we make the thousand today Without I hate this pool Let's go to the real test Is that we got your What do you rather than have? Seal test or real test Boy, people who eat Seal test ice cream That's also for going That even exist anymore I don't know I sure is how I hope that I took the board even Love Seal Rogers Honey, I'm home I'm up here Do you know just in the bedroom Oh dear Another dusting accident And another stray bullet in the bedroom ceiling Yes during these days of violent crime A handgun is a useful item for your bedside table But what a dust catcher All that oil and fuzz Makes you look like America's funniest housekeeper Can't someone do something American handicrafts has the answer With our beautiful quilted gun cozy We brought in homeless grandmothers from around the country We thought they could get by on social security They work at minimum wages Knitting these charming gun covers Their beautiful cross-ditching spells out Messages like guns we've done God bless our gun Home is where the gun is And I hearted my gun My gun cozy says mom is little helper She's mine says Wake my old lady She knows where all the money is Yes when the birthday breaks into your home When a cold dark night There's nothing more comforting Then reaching for a nice warm gun The gun cozy from American handicrafts I think instead of doing a show today We oughta go out and do America's number one hobby Kills so people There you go Even he know how to do the rest of the day I've got the rest out with him when you say Oh that sounds like I've threatened me We're gonna get that meal fired now It's written kills of people Yeah It's a 1018 at 5.60 WDQAM It's days now used to be on top of the market Man we used to kick ass here once upon a time In America And so well once upon a time in South America What do we got today? We got mad dog at two power hour with the mad dog and hike at four And hey, gave me revolutionary news yesterday Keith Oberman went to the management and said I'm in Saudi before Didn't we mention that about 50 times on our show I mentioned it last week Yeah, I'm George even mentioned last week Well, I just rehashed yesterday what you did last week Roll that up More or less probably better but never lower Oh I'm sure Humber between five and seven By the way, don't you start picking on my good friends now from Florida? That's not good It's especially the one that you know just left here They're gone by the way All my friends who are in the Fribwell two of Mark on And the one who was here he's still here he's working I just for you information since you want to keep track of all of this Right Alright since Miguel is in there Miguel has been there since I wouldn't say since day one How much have you been there about eight years? Actually yeah, I hear I like that see what a memory Well, the reason I know that is because you replaced the nephew right? Yes And in any rate, so Miguel he's you know he's seen him coming Go he knows what's going around and I'm what I'm going to do is I'm going to take care of George and chicken I can I will Or your George What your sweet I am What I'm going to do is instead of just like having like I don't want to go into it on the ear again That's not a good idea Well no, I don't want to give anybody it It's not a good idea That's what started all this Before all like Jacob because this way I was my business okay I don't know anybody else's business And then I had to go through that long stupid emotional business about it I'm going to put Jacob you know what Jacob you can stick away the moon don't shine Okay if you can find it with both hands Yeah, that's right. You can stick it Jacob Never Jacob Marley Who's part of what he Ebenees is screwed well screwed That's right Boy, what do I know that name boy? Good What? Those Christmas carols I didn't I don't even grasp stuff man I'm a Jewish spy I spy on all the glam Hey, Goldberg 5 to 7 to 7 to 7 with his 8 million pounds of fat And don't give me started picking on the hover again Okay, he can't help but that he's fat I know all about being fat Not good Game night with Eddie K at the 7 o'clock tonight What the hell about that? Oh, I'm before and after the Marlin game Well, who the hell wants to hang around So I'm sure he's not going to go up to the Astrid Club While the game is on Because who that wants to sit around in there during the entire Marlin game Even Eddie K put up with that No way he sit there during the game Absolutely He plays a lot Absolutely Why? That's what he does Game night with Eddie K at 7 o'clock Marlin's on deck at 7 o'clock 30 o'clock at the Astros 805 His great video still playing or he will be tired Fine I think he's retired You think he just made that up No, I really do think he's a I can Google it right now Google it right now See a great way But he's sure even even last time I saw him play He still looked pretty good And then when he started talking All those years that he played I thought he was like a southern Yeah, he's from Brooklyn He talked with a Brooklyn accent Like some kind of a I don't know And then again I would at a key again After the game from 11 o'clock One of the more in children of games And then he's still one of the more in the morning So Eddie K really got He got dumped We brought him back He's on more now than he was before And that's why we do it a QA I'm just like a rapery Didn't they dump his ass? When they fired great years And of course they brought Greg back Two over there Everybody gets canned Soon or later a QA And then they all come back Like Gary Sarner And like screw in And let him a rapery Who else? Peter Lennie? Peter Lennie? He didn't get fired No, I don't think he did He went to work for Cox broadcasting And let me tell you All the horseball broadcast industry I mean there's so many bad companies But I'm going to tell you Cox broadcasting one of the words That's my opinion I'm like this Absolutely We worked there in WOD for those bastards And then little Bob Neil gets up there To announce to the staff We have an emergency staff meeting But they sold a station to Buddybug Paxon Wow, we tried to make money Where there's much as we care Now we'll let somebody else try And you know the interesting part of it is Paxon, they know how to sell In how to sell spots on that station Remember that? No? The log was loaded by No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Time to go, our log is loaded He's doing it Wait, wait till he starts selling that Oh, point eight in the morning show From last month Oh, point eight Oh, point eight Oh, point eight So I imagine that'll be a challenge I mean, tough, tough right now To their entieressness to you When I mention that Oh, point eight But it's only one month, you know All right, I'm trying to postpone the inevitable Here's much as I can because once I get started on this And you know, even my own reaction to me is that I said yesterday afternoon for about for a long time at least 20 30 seconds And I really, oh, here's a good call By the way, QAM And I thought to myself How come you didn't get like more I didn't even pay that much attention to it anymore Because it's the American FNWA It's just another horrible story Of some nut job Go, you know, we get some bunch of guns And he gets pissed off about something And that's the way we, you know, that's kind of anger management Conflict resolution The American FNWA That's what we do. It got him kill a bunch of people Even people that have nothing to do with like your pissed off in the first place But just, you know Police identified the gunman who killed 32 people And then himself on the Virginia type campus As student Cho Sunhui University Police, he's a flindle flincham Said today I didn't, I didn't, I mean, I mentioned his name again Because it's just, it's just so bizarre Fits right in with the whole ambiance of the story Windle flincham And what a tremendous job The university did and the police department did And handling that, did they not Not pathetic Well, they finally did send out some emails After a while Yeah Check your emails That's always a good idea Check your emails, boys and girls Hope you have a blackberry That's right See that, you're always making fun of me in my crackberry Maybe I got to write my hand I got to write my hand No, no message is on there Right, the moment, but that's okay The 23 year old South Korean and risen Alien lived at the university's Harper Hall Flint, him said he was an English major The chief said How so? English major Oh, you know something? Wait a minute Now, obviously it's a grotesque story And I'd be the last We just have this one, Vito Let's take off and move Golden Panda Dragon Paris I think all of them Hi, I'd like to order a massive heart attack Okay, Raj, all the generous out Chicago Can I also get a couple of clogged arteries Okay, to Angelo, what else? Can I get a side order of hypertension One order fried up ring, mom Yeah, and I'd like some intestinal discount Okay, all the people probably And how long before all this food kills me? Wow, this is a bit hard I didn't say it was good, I just said it was a take off on it All the ordering Chinese and all the phone Flint said ballistic test showed that one of the two guns recovered at Norse Hall were 30 people and the gunman died was used in the Norse shooting and an early shooting at the dormitory that left two dead The university in place are still in the process of releasing the names of the 32 people killed in the shootings yesterday A little bit slow, I guess, on the update A doctorate of blacks for hospitalists grabbed the injuries he saw yesterday The reason for the shooting was the reason for the shooting The shooting was the shooting victim that didn't have less than three bullet wounds in them The doctorate Joseph could cut the apple of Montgomery Regional Hospital Even along the last serious injuries, cut the apple Said we saw one patient at a bullet wound at the wrist One to the elbow and one to the thigh We had another one with a bullet wound to the abdomen One to the chest and one to the head A law enforcement source posted the investigation Said a 22-bit caliber handgun A 9-millimeter handgun recovered at the scene Handguns, baby, everybody should have a whole bunch of good pissed off, low somebody way Just like that one bit we got which after play hundred times The days for a shooting at the West Amber Johnson Dormatura, which houses 895 students occurred Around 715 yesterday morning At the time of the later shootings in the Resolples from investigating a person of interest In the dormitory shooting, Slynchon said I would also love that expression, a person of interest During the Tuesday news conference, Slynchon said The first of interest was in acquaintance of a woman killed at the door They defended the university response to the dormitory shooting Saying police believed it would be domestic fight Perhaps a murder suicide that was contained in one dorm room And they said they don't worry, no problem, no worries And that's a thing with that all the sudden These over there at Norris Hall, blowing people away like Like tossing moths of balls against the wall Just to say it, but again like I said, a merchousest use of these things Start with columnar, see I remember one column by half a day And I remember thinking to myself, how come people are like jumping off tall buildings and getting hysterical about this? Why do they hire Americans so complacent about crap like this? You can't accept this, it's just not acceptable This is not the way civilized people live, it's crazy people running around getting pissed off Going to school and the wrong people away Oh well they were picked on as we all, gee, if I get picked on, I'm going to start talking about people That's right, so watch out. You people in the audience that have been bugging a lot of us for over 31 years I'm coming after you and I said to 230 this afternoon, I can get down at about a half an hour Ferris can fly baby, I can fly my wings like a hummingbird You can't even in the leg, the following is a pay public service announcement from the International White Association Let's face, most of us will never be rich Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing But as usual with every problem, there is a solution Hi, I'm Jim, I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns They scare there's shit out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want That's right, handguns, think about it Need some cash, rob a bank, don't have enough money for fear, all the convenience store Takes the chips and pretzels wire at, it's all free if you've got a handgun Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend, kill him To sit the solution of life's complex problems Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns It's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider the population control Yes, handguns, they just might make it fans Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, my ச and myお願いします I'll trust you all Don't worry, I'm not going to get me out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Don't worry, I'm not going to get you out of the way Okay, six out of the six you've got to vote on a poll today without any I hate this poll on there That's yeah, we got a shout out What do you think? No, you don't care I forgot. Oh, that's right. You just refuse to care right Let me just tell you about refusing to care if my friend Ricky is out there Listen this morning. I sure hope he is just to not take any crap from any psychotic bitch That that's my best advice. Okay, don't waste one second of your life Especially when you're a young man better to fight out early But it's not on the very early stages that whoever it is that you're all hot and bothered about is some psychotic Crayed bitch and just run the other direction just kiss the ground kiss everything inside man Kiss the table kiss the ceiling kiss the wall kiss the turlet that you will found out in the beginning Rather than later down the road just ask George you'll tell you a lot Yeah, over and over there. Oh Ricky just just consider for what it is little advice from this old fact 600 16 I won't get a bad experience you know Ricky I realized I realized that whole thing about bad experiences we've got for guys with females You know, it's unusual, but they have kids. I couldn't decide. I don't have to worry about that now that moms in the ground does he have kids? This who have kids Ricky? No, well, then he's free He is free fly be free Thank you're lucky stars That's right, kiss the ground man. That's right. It looks bad right now But boy when you look back and right to respect you'll say thank the Lord. Thank Oh God, I didn't get involved with that piece of crap Anyway, here's the poll today something I claimed a hate but secretly enjoy is masturbation seems to be winning 148 votes hands down. Oh secret The jury's free more show 102. I wonder about people who Master me while watching the jury's free more show. That would be something and over the carpeters music in the background 100 jury's free more than a carpeters are almost neck and neck 102 say the jury's free more show 100 say the carpenters I like your care Karen wants to add damn show on CNN over the weekend that Dr. Pupta Sanjay poop day, you know that engine guy You didn't see it right No, why about a long life and about this whole longevity thing and about taking the supplements and about these operations They're doing and a research they're doing and they keep saying if you want to live long longer eat less Right, look ahead. I didn't work for Karen to well and takes you on eating that and didn't work out too well Sweet we will it just begun to eat to mind your mind, Jibbibi Yeah What a shame she was a show so sweet boys for men soothing yeah Wellness soothing and the family to his matter fact. She had a very manly voice nevertheless for all we know Anyway The carpeters are all we know the carpeters and that this is about the main for all we know what it is. I just got through soon I know that's why Love look at the show Is that how it starts? It's like it all Bring it on 15. I look at the 15 Oh, you nailed it again Two Meow, of course, you know she don't move too fast anymore, so it's easy to nail Karen. Okay anyway masturbation 150 the carpeters 100 2. You're a spring or show 102. That's the flat footed tie right now And you know there's another stupid expression a flat footed tie. Well, what does that mean? I know somebody said footed my ass probably Neal's pulls 65 Secretly into my pool But a lie screen 63 that that you know something. I'm sorry if I live to be 3000 I just don't understand it And then if I live to be 3000 you won't get nothing from my will I think all week long we got to talk about that about meals will okay I love that bit everybody loves that bit Nice going chicken egg and you're you're right. I'm gonna throw a little something there for him too He's gonna need that some oxygen. You know those tubes don't come cheap. I know those want you Yeah vanilla ice cream 63 homosexuality 60 wow I don't claim to hate it and I don't secretly enjoy it. I enjoy it any time I can get it Country music 58 Rat music 24, but that's way down there rat music. I wouldn't admit that in public. I was you especially nowadays It's not acceptable to admit to be like in rat crap in public The Neal Rogers show 22 they claim to hate it for they secretly enjoy an election have a lot more Your lion man you people I found die in your lion Religion 16 I claim to hate it by secretly enjoy what does that mean? They got a church in the sea one on there. They're rubbing the rosary beads alone or something Of course I can't sit with I got the rosary beads hanging but you can use your imagination hang down your head Tom dolly Republicans 10 or I really enjoy them. Yeah, and Democrats only six so meant they cease Out of 600 and 78 well, I don't know let's see we get the seven seven all the time So I'm trying to figure whether we're gonna get a thousand on our first I hate this pool free day ever well, I won't say ever What when did we start doing that stupid? They went in I started doing that I wanted like lump you in there was might might do it the I hate this pool idea. Yeah, I don't know Maybe Eric can research it now that would take a lot of research because they have to go back to all the I'm sure he's going to search engine then he can do it. He's got a search engine Or is that search engines or change 683 I think we got a shot of the thousand and this audience so come through for us Especially now that we got rid of those negative three people. I hate this pool I know what you say Yeah, we hate you. Okay, in fact like that's before South Florida could be a wonderful place all it needs is one thing a people transplant. There's all the needs And then the president's gonna be there for junior ticket blacks for today. Isn't that wonderful? Well, they've you they pocket people of the NRA one of the worst gun total lunatics gun loving pieces of turn That they said oh, we'll have an office in the White House right next to the president Like that, you know, he's gonna show up there today for another photo opportunity to Tell everybody how depressed and sad he is about all those dead young people just like the 3300 dead young people in Iraq Americans Court judge Lawrence Cordo presiding you've been sworn in I read your statements and then two bingers of the kind Plight of dude. What's the you the defendant dude? Who I thought was my bro snuff my last piece of pizza? Well, defendant dude That seems agree justly harsh. What are you saying your defense? I totally spaced it big famished after a marathon hacky sack says I'm lost in hard and then washed it down with a great Fanta for that. I'm truly sorry you are guilty that have shown remorse I rule the defendant shall buy the plaintiff dude a pizza with his choice of topping I'm jacked. Wow, play the dude on what grounds on grounds it I would also like fudgms sustain and most righteous So when's the stouters court? I will now return to chambers place a rolled up towel under the door and research the case of zigzag Joker 14 before loaded 5.50 W.M. So watch this very great video still playing or why yes What I tell you see on your full of cram 41 years old and he's still playing so what's the big deal with that? And now these guys are playing who's the one guy with the mess? What does his name? He's like 49 or something who'll be a fraco is he's that who it is Francisco Franco Franco American Yeah, that's who it is he always plays like once every now and a pinch either way once another on the right They pinched me. Yeah, he's like so alive now is he really 165? Like well not so wait as you know because it's a pansy game anyway baseball. I know once that crap Watch a little bit of the Buffalo Islander game last night of the guy that emailed me on my space while I was in hamster Damn about being a islander fan and oh, you know You can stick at man. Are you a crazy person or what? I'm gonna root for the islanders? I was hoping they'd lose four straight. They didn't look out when one game there But they're gonna get blown out and five by the flavors you kidding me I'm gonna root for your islanders who age up at least with a play-offs. Are you a crazy person or what? Absolutely. Of course you are schmuck I'll have it be a great time and hands-to-date. I'm a vacation in this schmuck in this schmuckl It says me a stupid answer. Oh, by the way speaking to be males Thanks to George Huh, but you and I made Ricky a chuck a little bit. He's very depressed. He had this horrible experience Which I oh yeah, oh Ricky's he was What do you stop? I'll trade you Ricky You'll trade what the lumbus. Oh, I see now when you're you're trapped Yeah, like you said he doesn't have any kids. Oh, he ain't hitched. I guess he'd like what a life-warded hitch to He found out hitch with a bitch. Not a good idea. No, don't do it. Don't see what's been a happy-tune Wish you a happy-tune What I write skip to my little right whatever that line means give some of them. We got a skip an Eric who was already working on your question before I even passed it along Yes, says that the first appearance of I hate this pole was on December 405 But wasn't on the regularly until February 06 also it's only been about a year and a couple of months change Oh, Ricky's the best. Yes, sir. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay? Listen I this the first time I recall you I was usually working in a truck all the time and you know doing a route down here Florida Listen, I This is for like 20 years I enjoy you show I just wanted to call up and say man. Thank God. You got the show going on Thank God. That's what I say every payday man. Thank you. I get that show going on It keeps me into pain all day Well, and the crisis right man. It don't cost you a dime It's a best show going I listen all day long, so I just want to call and say thank you Another thing your my space page that's set the private and I'm you know not to A liter and on computer so do a little bit right You know a little bit off together, but I I basically have my daughter make up my space page And I've been trying to get back on your my space, but I can't get on there Because I don't know how it works. I guess you have to help me. Hey daughter make a friend request and if we like the way it looks And you make up a bunch of phone friends will put you on it actually have a picture Yeah, you don't send me one with no picture because if there's no picture I'll just delete it immediately. I've not soon. I just How old is your daughter? Well, it's right up for Ali then that's the perfect in my space age I could picture her on your little lovely I'm getting people to get on there. Yeah, I'm gonna try to see if I get her on the case. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally No, you can't have it. Have it great thing 707 on the pool. It's not even 11 o'clock. We're gonna make the thousand in spite of what Miguel says well, you know Maybe we would make it all there or get all your people wrote in on the pool. West clad Get all Miguel's Compatries. I'm Chicago You the only I don't know why this is there's quite a few Cuban people in Chicago and in Jersey places like then we have cells everywhere in case you didn't know cells That's right I don't want to pull an iron this now. I'm only bad. Yeah, it was my I wonder if they would be happy had in hoes in themselves. And happy had to pimps to we got all types. I'm gonna go take me a nice little nappy Oh America man and in fact, you know something Corpidol what perfect timing for this because I would take a bunch of these other well, I will WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yes, this Meals shelf. This is near. Yes. Oh great. I'm I speaking in ill. Yes, sounds like me. Yes. Hey, well I just wanted to thank you for your great program man I've been listening to you for a lot of years. I've never called you and it is just wonderful to hear your I'm not you know Kits in your behind but right ahead. I'm been in over right now, man I'm just telling you the trip back to matter is your great you really are Prat the fresh air in this market and it's nice to hear a voice of reason and sanity in another wise Just a Deplorable horrible radio market in South Florida says cool. Yeah radio says full man Is it as a successful? It's it's garbage is crap, but you you know your even your reasoning in your logic And your point of view is not only I'm right with you on the same page But I also know what you deliver is the humor is fantastic. Yeah I'm gonna work. I'm legendary just remember that. I'm legendary Okay, well thanks for the kissy kissy pal It's fact man, you know any bragging wanted to true have a great take. Thank you so much You need to how you like that, but they love me now. I think after I went on vacation for that we thought not it's not a knock on you all probably is but You know and let me also say this because I was the one who said against all odds when I kept trying to push those Off-Lvacation tapes on best of new tips and it kept playing it poorly put together much of soil garbage It nobody wanted to hear the first time and I said put George on here when I'm on vacation and George said what? Remember that yeah, you know after I filled my even you couldn't believe I couldn't I nearly Choice myself right then in there. Really What you been doing well that lately too. Yeah And I still I take up but anyway, I'm gone for a week and all of a sudden they say oh How a Lua baby kneel is back the old queen the legendary queen is back on a radio See all your people I want to knock and rip it doesn't bother me at all I Have no four skin. I have no thin skin. How do you like that? I have thick skin? Of course when you're this fat you gotta have thick skin But hold the skin because it's safe Gov and all rights hailing farewell the end of the American Empire. It's short And it's right to the point Whenever the New York Times finally gets the point to what is going on in our native land they celestial Clire can be heard in Times Square shouting Hosanas This happened recently on April 14 when they realized that there could be a dark explanation for what W is doing when he sends a mr. Bolton The UN hater to be ambassador to that body or a mr. Wolfowitz to the World Bank a man is ignorant of history and finances the president himself Marine doubt in the Times was allowed to set the pitch for the latest revelations with her more con than neo headline Meanwhile hundreds perhaps thousands of incompetence are not covering the justice department Well known competence are in place to wreck from within regulatory systems and even mighty Walter Reed Hospital itself And then such investigations that W is cut back especially at the head of the Pet Flood Investigation a matter of such passionate interest to our country Men Needless to say the Times instinctively pro bush as it is as it is as it too is an inept creature of our Lafayah thorn master corporate America See I can't keep up with Crovitt all not not even in the same planet as he is but those of times now know same mysterious problem with bushage generations to the outside world of times As usual cannot grasp what so many of his fans of the American Republican sees so clearly and the name of Menicky and religious cults he is eager to destroy every last trace of the new deal Privateized social security by destroying both the state and its global Imperium W's love of torture in the death penalty suggests that this is colligula redux But actually he is a homegrown ramiless Augustaless the last Roman emperor is viewed by the Swiss playwright flagric something Or rather and refashioned by me in an English version that played on Broadway in the 60s As the play opens the northern barbarians are closing in on Rome while the emperor dollars neglecting to appoint a war zard to defend the city itself What is wrong with him? Well, he does have a plan when auto-curve they king of the two tons arise ramiless respects to be executed But auto-curve is that how you say that also as a plan good no The two rulers will unite in a realm of peace ramiless then amidst all his actions and non-actions had a single end that Distracted the bloody empire hate inherited For the admiring two tons he holds up an imaginary globe now watch he says is the emperor dissolves his empire Look all if he wants more upon this tinnit globe this dream of a great empire floating in space driven by the slightest breath of my lips Yes, look once more upon the far-flung lands and surfing the blue sea with its dancing dolphins these rich provinces Golden with the weak these teeming cities overflowing with life Yes, the empire was once a son warming mankind, but at a zenith it scorched the world now it is a harmless bubble and in the hands of the emperor Disals anything and thus the throne of blood is overturned Obviously our weird little emperor is incapable of moral reflection us inviting us to reflect morally upon him as he's gone about a systematic wrecking of our common empire Which after 1945 should have come into its own but thanks to Truman at all it stayed forever at war and but now the hark What is the times course seeing now? Can it be a new weekend edition without troubling news or is W finally snapped our military machine for fun if not global peace? On a high moral ground raminous and the great disowned his empire W the minister older than my ignorance and greed like his crony's leaves his defenseless and its see and a terrorized world of prisons Fully prouds renditions execution without due prices of law by leaving them at least a vast turtle house Which he likes to call a fledgling democracy At the end of the Broadway play one woman soldier played by Robert Duval egotous safe role joins raminous But raminous tells him the home and empire has been dissolved as surely as W's dissolving us as hurricanes tempest Drows of his making ravage our alabaster cities in amber waves of green Pretty like that and I read about five or ten words right well that score of it all man He's named like you I'm just a faddle fag This is the new rangers show This is your brain What's all the questions I'm a shitless city what does thing call electricity LA where it's hot muggy ain't no thanks for a horse and buggy They might go on a bender where a big hat and funny suspenders That home into different world No, so you can't call girls come on command and raise that barn They can't swear they can't just say gone to me If you miss it's a pity these kids They can't say the same because they're honest in the city because they're honest in the city No more even on the mountain they can use it for instead of buttons first time See in a computer going for lunch at a face called shooters Far's home never heard streetlights and it's the first time they ever see them on boy But back home is a different thing Don't add to the dog belly rings come on command and feel no guilt When you get home you can finish that grill LA The places so pretty if they say how will they survive when they're honest in the city When they're honest in the city Even the homage or shoot each other remember that not that many months ago. I was the promise Not shoot anyone well the some on make up Whatever there's there's the a picture the show on the internet that That but I watch myself and North Korean gentlemen. Yes That's slime person of interest show son who 23 And he's ugly as hell for at least he was he did now I bet you don't look yeah even that good right now Seven of the 29 votes on the pool and of course, you know everybody's gonna want to start up again and you know gun control It's it's like when a horse is out of the bar That's right the genius out of the bottle a million a million miles down the road and saying hey, we've been to go out and And batting down the hatches in the barn horse is gonna get loose, you know Kind of like that and Additional which most of you people are so brainwashed in the thinking that this is the way the real world operates But everybody owning guns. Oh, they're not gonna take away my guns Especially the way if they take away our guns got only those what the government's gonna do then right like we trust this government now with all the guns You got who the hell are you kidding? They'll squash you like a bug and then they're the engines Are you start with a default crap again Jesus God. I thought we got rid of his ass You know that's one thing you never hear about him at all. He's still on the human ground. He's still Like the police he is Yep, boy sure is one of the best kept secrets of going of course QAM is also one of the best kept secrets Thank you Joe Melford the tremendous promotion and since our promotions director is sitting right there in a chair and just open up a mouth a moment ago, what what have they got in mind for any promotion any time this century anything at all? We're just gonna see if we can get a down to about a 0.2 What we got hit the bottom first and then we'll go from there. Oh, I got news for we got some day parts that are you talk about the Titanic The barnacles are even then burrs. There's scraping right along to bottom, baby right along to bottom of your Simply ass 730 votes no, let's see if we can get about eight something my noon eight Whatever we should be okay for a thousand I wouldn't have be a feather in my old camp in your what a A feather my sock if I were any was here won't and I don't 730 votes now this is the first day. That's what did you say December of the old six December of O five was the first occasion, but regularly February So I thought oh yeah, oh, say what you said Sorry, I'm gonna rework my will right now. I'll I'm a lot of 30 votes. Yeah George before they show this Ryan George beg me to put money in my will form. That's right Oh yeah, and then he said put a little bit in there over chicken X and also much and don't take chicken X out of my cut is what he said That's right, but I don't care if I can die of lung cancer You can suck oxygen. Yeah, no comment Something I claim to hate but a secretly enjoyed. That's our poll today 730 vote. Let me click that view current thing because that's really nifty the way that works 733 you see that a little chunk came in it right there No, it smells really nasty. It smells like it came from hamster them 733 masturbation 164 the carpet is hundred nine There's absolutely nothing like masturbating while listening to Karen carpenter. Oh What a good as you're a spring or show one-on-one Newspoll 69 just let's move right along somebody didn't need any embogement any explanation any He was pulls to have no world that thing, but no ice cream 68 Oh yeah, top of it what I like that. That's pretty corny pretty syrupy. It's kind of like saccharine is matter of fact It's like kind of silver to all of it. I think let's do it for about a half an hour. You'll be your brains What happened to it? It's coming here. Come on. Oh Every something whatever to me. Okay, no one's time. I did it was that Or if she don't sound like a guy and it'll be right. I loved her, but she sounds just like a guy She could get those real low-row messes and no, it's you know She's no man very good. That's correct Well, you should have got a lot of carpeter solid. Let's play the game. I got it really oh, yeah You got the beachwood four five seven eight nine or how about please Mr. Postman No, see how I'm like this I'm a mind that even though of course it's no Marvel likes by the way It's a great song by the way please Mr. Postman This vanilla ice cream Country music 66 from a sexuality 63 they claimed to hate it, but they really enjoyed they're loving it believe me. They love it rap music 26 the new Rogers show 22 They claimed the hate it, but they secretly enjoy it. See that that's a lie. You know, it should have like another Digital front of a chair like 800 and 22 It's a lie. We got more closet people out there of every variety, you know Religion 18 oh I love religion. I just don't want to let you know about it My real hot dog. I don't know but the mice is there all over the place. What's the next holiday we got coming up To the world gen tunnels and either one one's tissue above I don't know I got that mother's a was another encounter my pile right here just you see that So I'm gonna why ask these and here is the Jewish calendar right here the next holiday We got coming out that we finally got peace off in the back. Oh Sunday April 15. We just had it. Oh Yom Plus. Yom Yom Hashoa You know we have to say that oh Yom Hashoa. Oh, let me show you this Then we got Yom Hatsimuth now. It's a Monday for 23rd next Monday. Oh I'm taking it over and Sunday may save lag bomber to need to write it sucks Yom Yorushal I am on Wednesday may 16 Shavuas. I'll write my favorite Shavuas I don't know what it's all about but I love Santa happy Shavuas wins the answers They may 23rd and 24th and I'm sure we got some for the guy I'm coming up to now I don't think they're going to have anymore holidays to her Closements love it today. No seriously till Christmas Mother's day my ass I'm taking that off is there another Christian holiday between now and Christmas If there is a church like to know what it is so I can be sure and take off on it That that I know no thanks given see one thing about the Jews Thanks give me that a goyish a holly even the Jews can have those her way as she's they get it is not you tell me the pilgrims were goyem What was that top of the world yeah the corporate is what are you kidding with those But the pilgrims were not going they were just happy dresses It were just Jews with good outfits Religion 18 Republicans 12 and Democrats seven out of seven hundred and forty four and when I click that view current It just oh I get seven forty eight see that nice trumpet came in around that shot President Bush speaks of Virginia tech convocation to a clock is happening hum and rare does what they ought to be saying okay Guntotten gun loving lunatic Who is this as much as possible for what happened there yesterday is anybody else is anybody else who supports see I don't want to go off out of big rant about this but I might Just having return from hands to them And there'll be some of you people say oh I been there and there's a bunch of drug crazed People erostes in the street there and all these other stuff go on take and all this hanky spanky and stuff you know what Light years ahead even though the buildings are old and the food sucks They're light years in of course Canada my god We're talking the can is like in the 20 fifth century compared to America What do you people talking about what do you think it about? That you can't go out and walk the streets because some crazy bastards got a gun and gonna blow your crap away if you got five bucks in your pocket or 50 Or maybe if you look at him cross out or if you take the wrong park and spot what a thing That's how it goes in America the civilized world is not worried that way because civilized people don't run around with guns That's right, and so it works in America What you said 50 cents it got me going 50 cents Sarah Raid man, city saying Is hit the say come on and hips to just like the moment or door for it on an ancient hipster a thing dog daddy man That's right, I'm doing an ancient star how about I like ancient stars 740 in a pool You're gonna get me going out. I'm gonna get me honest here pretty soon. Oh, sorry That's why so It's fluid Act 752 on a pool level What do we try to get we're trying to get like about 825. Hey 50 just to cover our ass my noon See Miguel you're sitting in the chair. They're supposed to be keeping track of this kind of stuff. Oh, okay. It's supposed to pretend to care like Chris does You only think Chris cares about his goodness free lunch or be day. You got that right and if I was making a kind of Nichols and times that he's making a pretty simple That's all I care about too because I couldn't afford to buy my lunch if I was making what they're paying him He does okay. He's a good guy. He has a good guy I'm not seeing these great. He's no Josh, but then again. He just started he's only been out here since early in the year right right? So as we get some weight off of them Weight off his ass That's nice. I think it's a good build for us. You know still Josh Curtis away who was becoming so popular that he was like in great demand even on my space That's right Unfortunately it was all the guys that were after his ass, but they know as far as chips at conservatives got their Russian girlfriend with all the vodka and a big boobies and stuff like that huge Really the freaking phenomenal Maybe that's maybe that's what they want Maybe that's what your friend Christopher was trying to get to is get to her through him. You know, I mean maybe remember Christopher who was a Yeah, Chris my Christopher aching He said a lot of people several other funny people on there Well, I'm sure glad that we put a little smile on Ricky's face thereafter. He got rich in your lucky Yeah, consider yourself lucky do a cartwheel if you don't know how it's even to say you know when people already pressed and they're down in the dumps And they feel like it been screwed over and stuff like that It's one thing to go all the way over there. The West Coast to get screwed, but to get screwed over that's another story All boy nobody had in mind. We're thinking about your kiddo I don't want to tell you what we're thinking, but we're thinking 750 people so I'm gonna keep you really tight in on that because we could talk about that Okay, keep talking about the 32 innocent people who died at Virginia's Sec yesterday and why they died and why nothing is gonna happen to change it And my most people don't give a crap anymore A lot of people Who you have what it takes to be a new drill if you do you will sport whole radio 5 60 W Q A and by you who listen and With the 5 60 Q A and meals will conduct simply cut and based someone else improve while and take to my space Or in 50 words and less right why you should be in the as well on the back of the postcard And when the W Q A and Stimios in the McAllister hotel then when you hear this sound That's your chance to win how it's millions for having even bill you who's a dollar Oat and Tuscan's must be male no younger than 18 no older than 25 must be shaving and smooth Judges reserve the right to eliminate contestants based on the great Equate similarity rate and scale of one to 10 Redder's I will receive an autographed people that can have meals will suitable for framing and the duplicates of meals will found Under your true life in the parking lot will be avoided by all all prizes will be awarded by my grant and the grand prize winners are Estimation for an infinite period of time until meal decides to die. Well, listen I'm not gonna die any time today. So what I'm gonna do is leave right now I'm gonna take all the money I got I'm gonna take cities of dollars. I'm gonna go on. I have me a great time I'll go that's how my complaint just wrap the $100 bills on you just stick them to your body and wear them as close Uh, yeah, I want some good peel off or her one by one You know what tomorrow is don't you would buy one day that is correct And of course the audience is probably wondering and don't forget they got their slots open at Pompano Now as of this past weekend two beds that they're not sending me in for an information to put on the year after 30 years of a Whatever But the slots are open in Pompano park. I just thought I would mention it now So you know next time if I ever come down to again I might just go there and punch my guts there too as matter fact spread it around a little bit Spread it around if you got it spread it and the money too Is no what they say? I told her oh Good, WDQA and hello Great thank you so much a couple things I've been playing some polling and of high school students and a lot of them want to be involved in the election process Like 16 17 year olds Because what you mean you've been doing a lot of polling of high school students versus Ben on street corners I don't get a talk to look for it My breath of randoms you know what I mean giving these different high schools papers to fill out to their students Again about the election process The problem on election process how to how to get involved under 16 and 17 years old a cast and 40 votes No, they're trying to get the legislators the change the To change what law the voting law 18 To what 15 10 5 4 3 2 1 get out of here. You're not job you Peter Fawman He's just looking for any sucess to go out there and you know Grab on us and ask is what he yeah Holy nice Yeah, that's right. I'm sure he is 760 0760 WGR Detroit Well used to be a great radio up never really was they have the Tiger Eams along with her near her well Long time ago man when a radio business was worthwhile. Let me just say it again radio is dead Okay, give it over it. It's dead done finished Done through Obios were ghost Finito Benito I'll read the dirt Toots scenes do we What is the picture that the North Korean guy again? We don't want to start picking on North Koreans and I'm gonna take it the first person that comes on the year anywhere in Americans His book he's done. I'm telling you that right now Am I right? yep They'll throw the book at him the book? Yes the book I you just know it's gonna happen Because they're gonna throw it out. I miss I'm gonna get a one-up game and can and they're not gonna have all the millions of dollars to back them up like that old drunk is God Oh, no The burning way thing right here like that, you know And when I heard I think it was Kenny this morning say something about I miss was making seven million a year Seven million a year for a dead man to be singing a cheer. I'll take that job right now I can chew gum and mumble. Oh, I don't have any gum right now, but I can go get some I got some. Well good. You know mumble And of course all the money raised for charity we're supposed to we're supposed to consider the belong on the year because he raised a lot of money for charity How about if he would have just gotten off the year 15 years ago and gone out full-time raise money for charity bunch of alone W2AM hello A lot of things you know, sir Hey, it's a new ratcha show. Yes, sir speaking. I Scritz Hey Chris Yeah, it's just a new yes, it is Hey, Neil I wanted I wanted to know what you thought about a black or bummer. I'll hang up and let you let you tell us Let me you're racculate. Okay, and And I pull now CBS has got a pull I didn't like too much because he'll be's way ahead of that one But the new CNN pull yesterday show he had three a hurry at 36 and Barack had 28 and nobody even knows who he is yet He is your next president. I don't care what George says who always was giving me crap was it you that he can't get elected? I don't think I said that Somebody was giving me that crap and whoever was I'm gonna tell you right now anybody gives me that crap that Barack Obama can't get like this I'm gonna just blow the crap away just like that North Korean kid did there that Chosing we that gentleman at the they always say this gentleman. What kind of what is that? He's a crazy person He's got a gentleman a gentleman in place of gentleman general man general man don't write around blowing people away. Okay, with guns And all these things gentleman in my ass It wouldn't be ever man and he's he's got tremendous momentum now. He's got the old low Wait until Logan's out there campaign and form like in sunrise lakes and in Boca where all the old Jews live And let's see what we got an awful I hope when we make the thousand days because it'd be pretty embarrassing not to do it after you came up with that awful idea of getting rid of my eight this full 764 But will be way over 800 by noon even Miguel knows we can do that not that he cares his heat pain any attention or see eaten That eaten but not paying attention either. Oh, that's okay W2A and hello just as long as this basket on Yes, sir, hey, no This is the George Roger you show what you want W2A and hello Good morning, how you doing? Okay, sir Listen, I'm only one that I see all this and it I just become immune from it I don't react Be a man that he has to be a man that everybody has been desensitized to it baby because there's so much of it that goes on if he killed 300 people yesterday People to set OG water shame and it would have gone back to watching dancing with the stars I know my wife goes to me. Why are you being so insensitive and I tell you know what it isn't that I've seen so many times that You know, it doesn't do anything for me anymore I mean I don't and I feel bad I was sitting when this was all going down yesterday and we had CNN on and I look back at that and even my reaction to it I'm ashamed of it because I'm an American man because I'm so immune to being shocked by any growth test behavior because it's the American F and Wayne man That's why I was walking yesterday movie Bobby have you seen it Bobby no I haven't seen it. Okay. There's a lot of actors. I know you want like in there But the party and that can happen to you But they have a lot of clips of Bobby in it and speeches he made Yeah, every speaking made you can use it today You know he's talking about pollution. He's talking about poverty. He's talking about war and I was saying I know something that's why he's dead, man Yeah, I mean, you know It's sad it's a sad, you know That's why you're laughing it said what are you gonna do cry might as well laugh? Yeah, I know and I like you pali. I'll see on the other side One last thing have you ever had a singer called mecom and my k a He's a young guy He's out in Europe. He sounds just like Freddie Mercury really if you get a chance to hear it Yeah, I don't know sounds like what does he look like? See a pali get out of it 26 past 11 at five 60 to seventy QL on a great Tuesday. It's like right there You know they're doing a campus killing thing all day like I said is as wrote test cases It was is very sad and tragic. It's just it's not it's not I mean it just kills all this time on CNN and MSNBC and Fox Right, yeah, but it's just more of the same You know, it's just more of what goes on in America and it's oh gee when we're gonna do let's pass some more laws If that's round up all a gun so yeah The horses out of the barn and he's on another he's in another solar system that's how far away the horses Okay, quit looking to close the barn door for Christ's sake That's right do it for Christ's sake. He'd he'd approve in fact the Eric one of our the goddesses is all those great comments on our my space thing He sure there's one with Jesus holding a shotgun. That's right The gun totens Jesus baby. Well, who would Jesus shoe? That's what I'd like to know I know He'd be good. I know yeah Oh You actually want an answer. There's a list you all factor to you Little tiny print 27 past 11 and five 60 W to Q m and we're used to be great man. We used to be contenders We used to be like on top of the world like Karen Carver to there and Now we got Jolly Joe Bell walking around the oh You're gonna have a big march Neil Right Hey mom, do you crave a delicious pizza and the back Out support that love life loser still owes you then called domino's for a new with deadbeat dad pizza Domino's deadbeat dad pizza. Speak of the demo. It's you. Oh, hey Here's your pizza how much do I owe you? $7500. Oh, well Here's the 20 right. Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York had covered the spread Oh, hey, I was a little sorry. Do it anyway Our name is Susie and you use that excuse last time well tell her daddy's asking about her and give her these Fuddles, okay? She needs new shoes and you give her fun Jones. Yeah, there it's 399 This take it off what I will yeah Okay Yeah, pizza open the door. It's that SLB It's 11 33 27 although they rhymes with SOB 33 right yeah climb up a tree 707 a vote on the pool will be way over at 100 by the top there. No sweat Miguel just relax Okay Well, they would not speak well for you if you said in there today Who are a Chris or what would be sitting for Josh or whoever they'll be sitting in that chair We didn't get a thousand votes even though it'll be my fault. We're taking that high heat this poll off of there I don't you think George said by forcing we forced their hand so to speak Correct, oh yeah, that's another thing you got to vote for something or they could go you know take a flying leap That's right you to vote for something or get lost get off get off our space, okay There's my space and then there's our space. That's right and that poll is our space you got it as an Outer space where a lot of these one Nothing we said the same thing Did we really now I wasn't paying any attention 567 come on let's get some reaction to this tremendous disaster we had yesterday I'm not trying to make any light of it, but most people don't care about it What are they gonna say? 32 dead students plus of course that damn shooter that lunatic And we still don't know what the you know I can't keep reading all the articles that he air everywhere because he'd go and read all this crap and waiting and waiting Well, what was this story? He had like a bad BM or something or like this is a girl It was a girl friend. It was a girlfriend issue. There you go You're friends. Yeah, okay, don't let that bitch destroy your life right no matter which bitch we're talking about okay white and run White and run sure that's where you've been doing all morning Well, I don't know about the running part. We'll just wait till the afternoon WQAM hello How are you doing okay, sir? Welcome back. Thank you I was watching CNN this morning and I saw they showed all these kids in the chapel praying and everything and yeah That's your word. I didn't mean and but you know This is obviously it's terrible. You know it's a horrible thing that happened, but look at the you know Did they pray and carry on about the carnage that we're inflicting on the asses and the Iraqi? I mean yeah, they don't believe or no, they don't because that's America man We can do no wrong don't you understand? We have but it's like I don't know I think the country's going around the ban you'll I don't know does any coming back? I'll see you at the border, pal All right, see you there. Okay, see you Niagara Falls. How's it going? Hey? All that crap about Canada sucks all these punts that haven't got a damn thing to say so they think they're like gonna Wold me and they call out Canada sucks. Yeah, right You should only suck like Canada sucks. Okay. I'm not saying that there aren't a bunch of More on's here and hold a slupper's on the street corners, which is a real disgrace a And Steve and Harper who wants to be George Bush light But nevertheless And then the year ago boxing day year ago December is last major. I mean their shootings take place here a lot of time But nothing all like in the States and of course and that's because most people are in running around with guns And you wonder why cuz it's freaking illegal It's illegal They don't have pawn shops up and down streets like on 441 where be five yards you can go in for a few bucks by another stupid as gun Oh and you better not put any restrictions on the number or weapons either we have to have we don't just want to have a gun We want to have an arsenal of weapons. Okay. That's what we want not just a gun, but a frequent arsenal and anonymously without a license Don't forget absolutely correct sir Don't you'll be effort with our guns in fact? I think we'll do that pull tomorrow. Remember last time and we get we get What's the word we always use for that? We need to invade the poll oh Freep yeah, we get free. That's right As in the freedom well, what's that website see in my mind is gone three people like Free free free we're probably got calm another white wing Nazi website So they sweep the pool they put it on everybody get on the aridars poem and vote don't effort our guns at all all these gun total lunatics Because that's all you know from man That's what that's a replacement for their penis is a gun and that that's what that's all about and makes them big man Maybe make some really macho cuz probably they're firing blanks the rest of the time WQA and we can only pray that that's true WQA and hello Okay, sir First of all good to have your back Another beautiful day here in South Florida But I'll get yourself all frustrated irritated is ready damn anyway out of this Killer then crap that's going on here. No, not available the one-way is over. Yeah moved another country moved to a civilized place. Okay, which is not America Which is not the United States a Move to a civilized place where people don't feel the need to write around with guns and where the government doesn't permit them to run around with guns because they know if they permit all of people to run around with guns They're gonna be a lot of dead people is what they figure But in America it's like kids it's like ample pine it's like dancing with a star as an American idol and Regis Filbin This is American is anything you can get a Gone got a happy of gone now it takes that little kid out of use that gun That's gonna make him into a real man See it would work for me. Maybe I should add a gun when I was a kid. That's right kind of it would be a very Faggot Suci answer right Suci boy WDK2 AM hello Daniel yes, sir. Hey, they have to the biggest massacre in American history Where is the Reverend Charlton and Jesse Jackson? They're busy having lunch with Don I'mus. I guess though. I mean lastly they were raised in all kinds of king about So I'm calling a group Nappy had it. Oh, that's right. Yeah, I get the doesn't mean anything with people are getting shot Brutalized that is correct because these were white people I guess I don't know if I need more black enough But I'm sure that Ellen Jesse will find out I did see one black man He died a student there Really well, we long before Jesse will turn into a racial thing and our cuz this guy was a North Carolina to the shooting he was probably a racist Yeah, I don't probably do business with that little I think it over North Korea I never thought about that Kim Jong-il be good to have the watch team America world police again wouldn't it and I never got around to watch in the South Park online But I will This week and I'll do that. What do you like? I know just Kim Jong-il. I was so funny. Yeah But yes, watch that South Park the other Jesus one the Easter but anyone okay Not pick it on religion hour. We don't want to be picking on religion because that's just like the I miss thing You start picking our religion and all the religion is gonna get pissed off. Then I'm gonna watch you off the air man Just like the Catholic Church as a few years ago sent that letter to Dick Kasper WNWS We understand that new Rogers contract is coming up for renewals soon and we urge you not to be knew it because he's Anti-religion and he's this and fagging all the Southern craft and Dick Kasper gave me a cup of London red on the air And after that the I used to do all those religion shows. You know I used to have priests on the air and Rabbi's and ministers and all these other fakers and argue religion with them and after that the church wouldn't that know a priest come on a show no Moher There were two busy offering boys 796 votes on the poonga city and I'm gonna keep I'm gonna keep a free pen it Creeping it I'm gonna not because it might you know take through through the break to get 800 But I think we can safely say we're gonna get to a thousand most today without I hate this pool with all the negativity Okay with all the evil nasty people crap and murdering mayhem and bloodshed going on and we need a bunch of negative heatful people out there You also get this Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers This station presents Well American heroes Today we're gonna you mister automatic tax extension vitamin You know for months that tax day was coming up, but you just keep pulling off filling out those bonds like putting up a visit to the What's the largest automatic mister automatic tax extension filer which means that you don't even have to come up with a lame All the nuclear and excuse You put the brawl and procrastination So on April 15 forget the long-form short-form or easy just mail off all the 48 60 and bring that six months I have relief just like you mister automatic tax extension filer Oh real I'm not a game of hero Like Penley and interest was to apply 14-0-5 16-0 to QA until the late now April 17, maybe I sure hope you got that big new tax check coming back Oh, yeah, I got it not big but you're ready got you refund already? Yeah, I take care of this I can't afford to wait what do you think? I got a smick and a kind of money that you're pulling down you can't afford to wait. I do have some good news for though Yeah, what's that money really can't buy happiness study fines? Uh-huh Who you who goes to somebody with a lot of money barber rose and the Chicago Tribune, okay? Yeah, I've got more money than the rose nose baby. Yeah, I've ever rose nose just for a crap He knows if you never hit a hose I think Why sure if she's white I'm sure she is sounds Jewish The old saw money can't buy happiness apparently holds true when it comes to work honey paid professionals like doctors and lawyers Did not make the cut when we search or said I'll find the most satisfying workers Clurgy ranked number one and both John said is facts General happy. Oh, yeah, they got a great tax free scandal and maybe you could meet Let's imagine the perks that's right. How you spell them at PR? Physical 35 years with second and third ranked in job satisfaction physical therapist or clergy and physical therapist hands on kind of people Laying on hands baby. That's what I like like enhanced you them. I lay it on a lot of hands you better believe me Hands down your pantalomies baby. I'm going back now This is this business sitting here talking crap every day. You know this kind of money. I'd rather go back over there and have me a hell of a time More than three quarters of physical therapist and fire fighters are reported being very satisfied Other occupations which more than 60% said they were very satisfied included teachers painters and sculptors psychologists and authors Let's say nothing about talk shows or producers or board ops or Formosions people Miguel so what and when we go here about that big promotion coming up one day The most satisfying jobs are mostly professions especially those involving caring for teaching and protecting others and creative for suits Had time W Smith director of NORC general social survey a poll supported by the National Science Foundation Well, I'm sure hungry now that that grips just open up like a whole the sign will the grand canyon. I know another way What I've been doing it all morning and I think I might go back. No, come on The worker satisfaction study said for release. Oh, I guess it said today is based on data collected since 1988 and more than 27,000 randomly selected people For the most satisfied workers intrinsic rewards are the key the study says they're doing work. They're very proud of helping people Like I'm doing here every day helping people kill four hours every day in boring as South Florida clergy ranked by far the most satisfied and the most generally happy of As if they tell the truth as if they ever are you suggesting that the the get keys out there are liars same. There's no such thing as an honest clergyman 87% of clergy said they were very satisfied with their work compared with the average 47% for all workers 67% reported being very happy compared with the average of 33% for all workers in by the way this this Murderer son of a bitch he was from South Korea I don't know whether coming up with Kim Jong-Eo and all that crap We have a record If I could watch it like every day I would if I had the time to do that World dangerous my dayman Jackson Carol Williams professor murderous a religion in society a Duke Divinity school Found similarly high status faculty instead of Protestant and Catholic clergy despite relatively modest salaries and long hours They're getting satisfied baby and I have a pretty good idea of how I think I've done that well some of it They look at their occupation as a calling Carol said a pastor does get called on to enter into some of the deepest moments of a person's life I thought he was gonna say the some of the deepest areas of a person's life Celebrating a birth and sitting with people times an illness or death. There's a lot of fulfillment Others in helping Professor describe the work as a calling I believe I was probably put on the truth and make somebody's like a little bit easier That's what I get out of my job so Gina Colk and Oak Park physical therapist was practiced 23 years I love my job. I think it's because I see results very quickly I see positive things happen to people very quickly I give it were to every day by what I do how about when I press the tuta That's another example why America's in the dark ages okay Prostate to that is illegal smoking a little weed is illegal What the hell are you talking about anything that's good is illegal? So that's maybe a banana split that prostituting sounds like a very satisfying profession that's what I mean doing all day long as satisfying people So as I see positive things happen to people very quickly is what Gina said I'm thinking on that line working probably seem I mean some cases probably very very quickly You know I'm saying Satisfaction generally rises with social status and higher status often goes hand in hand if I can say that with higher pay And exception is doctor's eye praying for fashion at rank number one in occupational prestige General practitioners are more than twice as much as physical therapists for example Or any average of 140 grand plus compared with 65 grand yet doctor's court lower and satisfaction happiness Well, maybe part of the reason for that is number one most of our question number two Everybody that they see is sick and It's depressing and their patients are dropping like flies Peter U.P. here 55 an internal medicine physician practices in El Rose Park had eight patients in his lady woman three Examining rooms to the afternoon I Think most doctors are satisfied the problem is we have so much pressure we said the demand for time is such we're always behind and Sometimes it can be pretty stressful When somebody comes in ill and you're able to restore them to help there's nothing greater than that But there's so many regulations is not like he used to be that demands outside the actual patient care much greater than needs to be yada yada yada Occupations with the least satisfied and happy workers tend to be low skilled manual and service jobs Rufers Waders and laborers ranked at the bottom and job satisfaction with the she was one and five reporting they were very satisfied in fact here's the list Top occupations number one clergy and this is job satisfaction clergy Get keys fakeers liars thief two physical therapists three firefighters Maybe they'll actually slide up a down that grease pool for education administrators and five painters and sculptors What does that mean? Vonimocupations in job satisfaction number one roofers. Oh, I got to play that Don't I what up on the roof? Oh, yeah Starts getting me done and then let's see I guess I guess we're on vacation with them. I just showed up from Amazon.com Must have been The the album man the crime change album the CD a number two Waders and servers wait on their in the bottom baby on the bottom Have no kiss up to these pain in the ass customers? Hey, I'm so physical cold. There's a hair in my eggplant die. Yeah, what's wrong with you guys? A little bit slow on the uptake here with you can you imagine being a waiter No, I can do I can do it in this time. I know how difficult it is to please I do a miss for 31 years in this town But the idea of actually having to face people not be able to slam the damn phone down. It's like like that when it does slam it out Just like that catch up in the bottle of thing you send me yesterday It was great. I got I got used for it. She wasn't gonna take care of him. I sure is not what a believe me I like to find out what country that was what language was it was a friend nothing was it French? I think so yeah well Pradevujambozzi and labor is not construction bottom bottom bottom Not construction so such as like yeah, I'll simply line people people like working in the auto plants and detour It's stuff like that Of course, if you're working in Detroit you'd be pretty of depressed too. I thought I just heard a fast come over a little while ago I reached back there is nothing on it Do I imagine that they might hallucinating now or what? Maybe because I say if yesterday was a V plus this is definitely an at least in a minus today is what I'm thinking I'm starting to get it back you know. I mean yesterday had that scratchy throat no matter what flight this first life is a long flight The air the air quality and plain always sucks So it's really bad and why is that because there's no circulation line right? Right, well they're circulating it the same air all over you know over and over again Yeah, they're not pumping in anything new. Well why not why can't they have some frots? Can air in any plane for the money that they're charging air it costs money to compress air into those tanks and I think we take your seats. I just love them And now when you fly KLA next time when you go to Anton Yeah next week and you're in business class on the KLA Kevin crew take your seats. What do you hear that it's always a good sign? And it sounds like they got all this time was a different guy Maybe maybe I've just had a luck I've always had the same pilot my eight million trips I've taken over there because it always sounds like the same guy Kevin crew take your seats And that means I'll ride we either go to a now now go and over of course as much more exciting than coming back although there is something nice about you know getting back home the comfort of home, etc You know I mean oh, yeah, well, no, I don't know what you mean Well, no, there's something nice about the getting back in the camera And you get back to the house and you've got the key and you go inside You've got a place it's your place your crap is there, you know, I'll lay down you think oh, yeah, yeah My dad was there. Oh, is our gun already my crap is it all right? It's just like a dream I don't want to hear about your crap. Okay, it's been too much of that all day for crying out for Christ's sake Well, it is number two's day isn't it? Yeah, this number do's day. What would Jesus dump? 825 oats on the pool. We got a thousand like Miguel and spread of your in tempered attitude Look at something I planned to hate but secretly enjoy is master base in 185 Those are a spring or show 126 the proper is 117 Neals pearls is moving up 78 Then a lot ice cream 76. We did I just can't stand that it just makes me want a vomit put the sprinkles on there That's frugal list Come to music 73 home on sexuality sprinkle some of that 70 Twinkle twinkle little sprinkle wrap music 32 the new largest show 29 your liars lot more than that Religion eight the 19 Republicans 13 and then congratulate seven in this highly liberal educated audience Yeah, this is Jennifer Lopez. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back up at my nipples And that's when I listen to the neural netters 12 to one hour Up He's the most born in the world and we just can't seem to find him He's a six foot four Arrested hell hard could it be well for all these years chances of finding him a slim Tell me where in the world is I'm a bit Not in the sense And I know I'm a something we never see I We're all still alive otherwise we might be dead, you know, it's being a being dead Yes, the government and what you might have more about the sunscreen gunman's here sure We got 12 hours to kill first. I will punch you money Like collecting process. Oh, yeah, you guys didn't want a hell of a job man between the yeah between the campus people and the We don't need to tell anybody what's going on That's right Senate email a couple hours later and maybe they'll catch on to it. Of course. They're not checking their email The government suspected of carrying out the Virginia tape master good at the 33 people that was identified today As a senior English major from South Korea But police university officials offered no clue to his motive It was a loner and we're having difficulty finding information about him school's folks first man What is it supposed first man? Spots spokesman Larry Hankers said that they have to the Italy shooting ran paid in modern US history Let's see and and all that crap about while they weren't sure if the first one was a yeah was it was the same gun and all the other because same way All this bunch of crap Please identify the government of the classroom attack is 23-year-old show swungy We He held a green card meaning he was a legal permanent US resident he'd been to the US since 1992 Officials say to graduate from a public high school in shantel a Virginia in 2003 now didn't you just mention yesterday the big bopper? I did and Was his big hands silly race shantilly lace and a funny place and right in your face and the spray was amazed one moment say that a grace and Our snake with old ways Maybe the big mop we still did Yeah, let's see the big thing you'll say he's under the sky How are you? Mickey Nelson always other plane friends do I want Will I What okay Anyway, this guy's family lives in set of ill virginy Washington server. He was living on campus in different dorm for one The one where the blood bath began. Long law enforcement officials said shows backpack Continue to receive for a march purchase of a locked nine millimeter pistol As a permanently resident of the US Show was able to buy hand done. Let's see if I can be convicted of a felony and of course in Virginia If he liked look like he was over the age of five and you didn't steal a freight train here You go how many guns you want am I right absolutely correct Investigators stopped short of saying choke carried out both the tax but the list takes show one gun was used in both for United State police said and two law enforcement officials speaking on finished to and anybody because the information had been announced So chose finger prints were found on both guns used in the rampage The serial numbers on the two efforts have been filed off. Hmm There's no evidence of any of come a complicity to Shooting the government's family lived in off-white two-story townhouse in several what difference does it make what the color of the freaking house is okay or how many stories it is? And off-white two-story house Jesus God who now wrote this crap is this from the oh this is from Associated press figures Don't ever shock at the in people to law laws instead He was very quiet always by himself neighbor obduel shosh said the government obduel ah huh hear that Shashed the government's been a lot of his free time playing basketball and wouldn't respond to somebody greeted him Describe the family is quite he wouldn't respond if somebody greeted him. I've had somebody a blow his pathway He'd respond. That's right But why in man without a plane Marshall Maine who lives across the streets of the family of the townhouse for several years and don't forget the rain and Spain falls family on more mainly on margarita I mean Spain and Fade Bay Gary being Credit court records Virginia said Felicia should have speaking take it show a full seven for going 44 and a 25 mile an hour Zone and at a court date said for May 23rd that's probably why got pissed off Software is for ministry expressed its condolences and said Software you hope that the tragedy would not strip racial prejudice or confrontation Elka shoot start shooting a bunch of software in Even Or in shocked the other description said show you on the sea a ministry official heading North American Affairs We convey deep condolences to victims families and the American people Many students were leaving town fast looking close leaving bags and backpacks down the sidewalks getting their hands out of their Expenses they could help a green card my ass The majority of people are leaving campus trying to get away So what will Nicholas 19 freshmen from Hershey, Pennsylvania? Oh, that's not what they make that awful chocolate is it? Hey now, don't forget the almond taffy I had some yesterday did you really? Yeah, 190 Something that's on the pole yesterday The Nalyce cream Yeah, that's what it was you did something that was on the pole or you had something I don't want to go with it. Okay, and by the way if we're here still all the press which I'm sure you Oh, listen, there's some excellent advice from the professor. Mm-hmm. Okay, you know the professor No, I'm lying friend. Yes You said you know what why do you have to keep playing games okay? I'm gonna tell your other friend about the kind of hanky Spanky you told me this morning How can be behind his back? I'm not kidding in between you two guys God Although maybe are you play praying for his plane to crash? He's on the way down the right in the whatever Anyway, here's the message Ricky says tell that kid to take it as a lesson learned and move right along the person is a complete waste of time Meeting people online is a crap shoot just like real life. Some are weird. Oh some are great Some are just normal as long as you don't get your hopes up or test anyone you don't really know you'll never get hurt or bother Remind him there are plenty more online victims waiting is he fed an ugly or something? No actually he's not he's like a very normal one of these looking guy It says if that's the case I guess it could be sad thinking you finally found somebody to pay attention to only to find that you're wrong But if he's good looking and sweating about it is the stupidest most regrettable thing You could do it's stupid and regrettable. We're keep what we're in a bi-ass right Also, here's the best part of the advice also tell them the next time he decides to meet a die-can-for-mires to stop by our waitingers pizza We're Sonic and he will suddenly wait back. It'll brighten his trip It's not a well I say over professor on the payroll Hey, yeah, yeah, he's professor. Yeah, you'll professor. Yeah, he'll professor. Yeah, that's right He's the best What's you say? That's just the way you are man. You've got something bad to say about everyone do I I don't know especially behind their back. I'm sure and we usually behind there always behind that way 800 so that should brighten up your trip back next time you go over Ricky Sonic and O'Wylo's that's you're doing free But I smile on your post 842 votes on the pool. We're gonna have over 900 by one o'clock and then we'll slide into that thousand just like a great video Starting in the second base I can't believe them a girl didn't know he was still planned Presently retired anymore, huh? I thought he retired last year and he still faced for Houston right? He's played for the answer was an entire career Yep, am I correct about that? He's always from Brooklyn select the late 80s And up till the last couple of years when he started getting really old and gay A gray he always looked pretty good to me. He always looked at the He had Robbie Benson syndrome like he never changed like he was always the same age you know Sure, which I guess that's okay, you know when you're like 19 25 even 30 is still look like 15 Yes, but when you get to be like 35 40. He must still look like your 15 people start last set Well, let's roll with him. Yeah Hey, I'm 30 as I would say maybe he's watching that doctor's son Jay group to maybe he's not eating and he's not aging normal You know The whole concept of that to start eating a minimum number of calories that you see didn't see did you see me go that's old logic I mean they've been talking about that for years. Yeah, if you need almost no calories Just remember to keep you going and you're gonna live like a hundred years old. Oh Who now wants to live to a hundred if you can't eat right? Am I wrong miserable life? That's right. You're gonna live a hundred and fifty years But man you're gonna be hungry all the time and have a real sour altitude. Tell you that right now Not to make me dry over to four miles You stop over there. Are we do is in Sonic now? Now have you been to Sonic? He's coming because I forget that conversation we had that did yeah, I did Couple times it was just fine. It was good. I want to go Well, I want you guys hop into car right now and head over to Fort Myers And you can stuff I can see Ricky's girlfriend. Maybe sure Cheer up Ricky and it'll be okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Oh, it already is okay. Ricky's right. It's better than better than okay That's right You have to cure it before was too late Oh Yeah I guess you should have been on a trip to Amsterdam with all of us 852 votes on the poll for those who keep track of such things. It's a million important they take it for me or not many worse than Neil Rogers This is John McCain presidential candidate and brain damage course I'm standing here in the heart of that dad now that our mission has been safely accomplished I invite you all to come enjoy the spoils of what we've fought. I can't get over our safe it is here Just look at all the people running have been fun If you look at trip early you just might get the chance to attend the grand opening of the largest embassy in the world There'll be dining dancing and cocktail napkins made out of our original Constitution by the every kind of car dealer there a maximum and Broadway chose the shows like Missile through my room featuring the cast of the Taney's spirit from the gas truck Saying I'm about to throw some coins in what appears to be a wishing fountain It's actually a spurting bloody mist of an Iraqi child I just throw these coins from my cheeks and make wish I wish I was president for hot cheeks What were you doing to look back dad? Let back that total your reservation now on the SS Louis She'd register do buy okay 12 17 do we do we do we do we and guess what's going on again saying Edward's University in Austin, Texas Did you see that no I'm not in the Cuban channel here bomb threat Oh, I'm a grand day bomb threat and so class them and canceled no bomb night I can you know no shootings yet. Yeah, there. No. That'd be an epidemic now Saying Edward's University Austin tires never heard but did you know where you didn't know they were heard of colleges Hmm, 854 votes never heard of college and where you could use them yeah 854 on a pool and we're trying to get to a thousand without I hate this fool that just you know I hate this pool thing. It's it's just two typical of the negativity that exists in South Florida gets people so deep press and Suicidal and all the other crap, you know Just because you've stuck live in there doesn't mean you have to be depressed and morbid about it all the time Cheer up a little bit for crying out loud if they hate the pool let him go stick it somewhere. Okay Let him stick the old pool back though. That's right where to moon don't try We don't probably take free more college. Yeah Yeah, I think y'all are take the temperature of the audience you know about all this so the shootings in American crap and American graffiti and dancing with the stars stuff like that 56 7.0550 and pound 550 on that. What do I say? 560560 I think I said 550. Well, I can try it out and that one's easy again 50 50 yeah Pretty nifty 50 and pound five 60 in the Verizon cigarette or wireless line well I'm out of practice. I just got back yesterday Does that had a very Demanding trip WQA and hello A deal. I say hello Paul. Maybe that's active to describe the shooting ampage slaughter master curve. Yeah. There you go WK Hey, hello Hey, I want to forget all this other stuff. What do you think is Ricky Williams coming back? Oh There we go Ricky Ricky Ricky maybe get lost. Oh, now he's staying here He likes to eat like so we didn't do run a much better He can smoke it out in the streets and I could all worry about getting busted again. Yeah WQA and hello WQA and hello I can speak the deal speaking yes WQA and hello a meal for your portal. We got a preposter to do on there That's one thing I deny liking, but I secretly enjoy good. I'll see I'll see I'll get on it But run a me or more okay Glenn and Miramar or he's a gun not If we call he's a gun not you know that is I know who that is no past the tutas. Let's get them on here. Okay something I have pretend to hate but I really secretly enjoy when a prostitute or maybe unprostitute Or maybe do a prostitute WQA Yes, sir, hey, you got anography on it. Bull that's good. That's good to it I'm back to you. I guess you got a real chuck a lot of that a kind of tickle this fancy Maybe that's what he was doing. Oh, he Poor no get that on there. If he's six see these initial choices will make them sure we get over a thousand easy I'll tell you one damn thing though after you know coming back yesterday Well when I got to the two o'clock I thought to myself because I had to scratch you throw which I don't have today no mole I don't think a little bit and I thought to myself, you know, that's a long show for hours Yeah, over that president bush reports for the Virginia Tech convocation. There goes there for us one You can go down there and talk about a crap and He can the decry all of the violence and all the terrible stuff on campuses and we're supposed to be safe I got you right and the NRA saying you tell him George you boy you tell him Good old boy W 2 a m hello not there on one that line one does worth oh now That's that's a major accomplishment that jolly Joe Bell has he's got a feather in his camp and called a macaroni W 2 a m hello What about people from Office of sex What about The factory on there don't want you W 2 a m hello Yeah, yeah, are you doing okay, sir? Let me tell you our our shop and Did not get involved in this math at the situation because there was a coup crap and in the spook I see okay Well, I always liked that square year old button, you know, it's big and bright Yeah, that was definitely gonna get on the year. Okay jack guys moron go back to New York don't you understand? There's already 10 million losers there. What's one more okay go back to New York? 858 votes on a pool 567 and I leave it to these people to be making a big joke out of this too. See what I mean? No, no, nobody it's just another thing another happening crap goes on just like Kids go to hiding pretty soon. You're gonna have a metal detector go to the supermarket Yeah, to leave the house to go to a public team room. You're gonna have a metal detector And to go into your house while in your case, I would already imagine is one there You know what I'm saying? We're where does it end where the hell does it stop always? W2AM hello Yes, sir. How you doing? I ride one for you Paul don't know if it's not I get out of here one for the pool. Look at you know There's sir. I'm gonna take it. No, I am taking that. I hate this pool off of there That there's no more for the pool. Okay. That's the pool. That's the pool period Where did this all come from all of a sudden and their noon lunch hour now all these losers decided to say nothing to say they're gonna say any crap on a pool Look at what's that all about What do you mean by the way? You trust the suits on there. I don't see it. I see porno's gonna vote on you my bad. I'm gonna prostitute to no more for the pool. Okay, if you think we're gonna go back today You seriously you call as man you're the most pathetic creatures I have ever in my life in my life I could never dream that there would be any group of people with nothing to say five minutes of minsofford And I bet you 4.9 million of me have got a damn thing to say 31 years of this oven doing still waiting waiting for somebody with something to say and we ever had one Of course not I got one for the poll. I got one for your poll. Okay. It's called a knife a sharp knife a machete someone at OJ used WQAM hello Hey, how are you doing? I'd like to speak to nail please speaking, please Hey, the idea today. Okay. How you doing? All right, yeah, what's in your cell and you know the way I look at You know these guns are these gun nuts This is why we have it what this why we had to Virginia tag homicide yesterday because of these gun nuts Now, if we take all these guns destroy them Yeah, they're you know ask good thing and take all these guns in the store. I'm that's good All right, that's a good looking kid again from a Virginia tag. Thank you. Thankfully we're in front of it when he when he did She they blow they blow he's a hero that kid he's locked it or I'd like to give him a nice kiss Reward just kiss on the cheek. That's all nothing personal nothing too emotional, you know Just like that anything right with it. Maybe you could blow him a kiss From there from your seat WQAM hello I have been this and I just I think I can grasp all at once in the far too. Yes, and that With the sky yesterday Why doesn't the army get a few of those dudes and let him go crazy and back that and Hey WQAM hello QAM Ola QAM hello Yes, sir QA gun owner one point. Yeah, I'll get a life that is correct Okay, thank you You're welcome So so what is that true was I a gun? Oh, yeah during the Mary I'll bolt with 881 everybody had a gun Yeah, I used to have two I had so to lie I had two I used to have in my briefcase on the way to work We're gonna so so what is that prove and I got rid of them? I didn't want him around thinking about buying the machine gun Well, like I'm on a with the stand. Won't you I got out on one time earlier? Yeah, right so once had wicked diarrhea does I mean I want to do it again? No thanks schmuck some tough stuff What I'm more on and the only reason I was a gun owner is because we're much crazy people would guns run And run on the streets thanks to Fidel and thanks to the week US government But nevertheless You want to be picking on those the Mary all at Mario Lito's now doing I'm sure that there's some very fine Upstanding Maryly toe of people some yeah, right somewhere some work here nozzle You don't know is a Maryly come Maryly Tussie He's a very nice lady brother who floated over during that whole We had a brother who floated over in the float till the freedom float till my ass as whole family and little children and everything Yeah, well send him back See it by our 800 871 votes on a poll at over 900 by the top there. We got a thousand like okay, just relax. Never make it in two tenths two tenths He was so bad. I was pliesley that's how bad he is. I want to cry Really critical and I'm saying that because you will never ever have a crazy Was What That's so wrong Just Be terrible He's a highly intelligent social path who is no fear of dying I know maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots Well he is those jumps and I've got a wooded That is the wind stand Simon will quit son J Are you thinking maybe that says the fun J I H He's irritating and immediately a whore His voice sounds like nails on a top horse on J I hate that guy's a sister son J It is it was just weird So he danced and he danced and he danced But had his head was his bad thing son J He did guys I See that guy everybody Hey, never did he one vote's on a pool In a hundred he won and then that means we got a thousand easy right because we're in our twenty minutes Okay, we're kind of I want to have to go Jesus K Crow and some more bad news A high school was on lockdown around noon today and after police had a student said he had a gun and was threatening to kill himself This is how he would hit a hill's high You ready for that all right police said the incident occurred shortly before noon Hollywood Hills high fifty-four minutes sterling road There was no meeting information on the student but police had the child tending at a gun and was going to commit suicide after classes No other details immediately available the high school and rules were in twenty twenty-two hundred and sixty-one students agreed to nine through twelve Monkey do monkey see monkey do however that goes a lot of do do ever see a monkey do I don't want to see it again He claimed he had a gun and was going to commit suicide after classes in other words I guess he wanted to get his educated as you possibly sure before he blew his brains out Might as well get a lot of information in there and then like but I'm being you know you how that goes If you're observable at very important information Don't bring your planet planes all over your nice side of Lake suit that's right. Oh, I'm not wearing it either. So if you never know So that's Hollywood Hills high and we'll keep my eye peeled on that see if there's any more information But this is just you know the way goes in America monkey see monkey do Everybody go out and of course what's this high school kid doing with a gun? Assuming you really has one what's he doing with a gun? He probably got it over there on four forty one the gun There's only what how many thousand a thousand a pawn shot 30 thousand pawn shops up and down four forty one That's why we have my mother used to say if I had a gun I'd kill myself. I used to tell her right up the corner Right up the corner she used to live on sterling road herself as a matter of fact right on the other side of four forty one for where this school is If I had a gun I'd kill myself. Hey, ma right over there. I don't you point you right in the right way. In fact I'll go pick it up for you. How's that? Ma A 85 and a pull on our word winning pull. Well, I got another edition for your pull though, you know get lost go away Go away you make everybody want to die make everybody want a vomit the world where every human every creature that lives on land will drown in a sea of human vomit If we have any more of these pole suggestions using I'm going back to that's Schweiner Ryan man. You're dreaming You're in a dream world no matter how much McGill is desperate to take a lot of calls here today. Why not why not? I don't like them 560 and 560 I need rights and then singular wireless line welcome to the Magalesco bar show And now here's McGill Yes, you can't buy a gun at a pawn shop for your minor Yeah, you can't wait for it. They could go down to my am you probably buy one off the street. Yes, so and it was you couldn't buy one off the street and Hollywood is that where you're telling me or you Yeah, yeah, get out of here go go blow your brains out. Okay, if you can find them. I would even think that's the worst that probably be a good guess 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line WQA in hello WQA in hello WQA in hello Yes, sir What did they come to miss good juniors over here? So like I said, that would you see what you have Any of them, I hate you. This is a sad day man I know you're the fourth station and the other fall seven whatever station is that about who's a dolphin quarterback and all that crap. I come on Give me a break You get less go bar show hello. Oh, yes, did I talk to Georgia such a please That was a two a m hello any or welcome back there. Yeah. Oh, yeah Yeah, I know lovely call today. I want to put a little piece in on this shooting. Yes, you're back You got a realize a lot when I'm here on the radio. They want to correct it and why does this happen? That seems America's thing. They're always trying to protect us so much and just sometimes stuff happens I mean, yeah, yeah, it's a college and again some maniac like this. What are you gonna do? Yeah, it's sad that it is just these things happen. Yeah, these are the four countries where everybody's got guns. That's right And put an over to six can there are put they're saying this happened because they had a no gun policy on the campus and if kids had guns They would prepare this guy or never been the numbers. It was right. That's right if everybody had guns And we just have a big shoot out now you're talking sir. You're talking nonsense. Okay. It's America We get see the problem with most people in the US especially in South Florida. Is there so far? You're not living in the real world you're living in a slaughterhouse. You're living in a place where everybody that get pissed off about something They pull out a gun and they snuff out there's like actually also before a billion times a country where they don't respect human life Can never be a great country and you can talk all the platitudes and all the bulk crap that you want to the US is a disaster country now All they know is violence importing it exporting it and on each other. No, there's nobody there's no way in the world That this administration could have lied their way into a war there were 3300 people have died and 600,000 Iraqis have died and a public will just sit back and what time is dancing with a star as Everything is a big joke because you're a bunch of morons. That's why Pathetic You couldn't find flirt on a map with you both hands and somebody else's a guide me with you with your toenail But anyway don't know. Don't get angry at the Americans man. That's bad 809 on the pool. That's what counts. Let's ask a few more on the pool I 1240 20 before I want to Q a M I All day I sit around the home my love life is a bad joke I feel so stupid when I pretend and I gotta get a real girlfriend I'm trying to hot up and told but you've been such an a-hole I'm so tired of me and lonely hanging with my friends playing GMT You really really drive me crazy that I came on anyone to date they Who wants to sit and watch a while all day? I know that I am pretty geeky and that I come on kind of free geek But what's the show of design to get me some? I'm tired of No matter no ambition Maybe like the girlfriend I would be some person who's a bad guy If I don't get a girlfriend Get my baby face such a loser That's why I need to be a girlfriend baby. I'm gonna go online and give me one right now 445 at 560 W to Q and we have met her and she votes on the pool Not too shabby, eh? Not at all. Oh, I thought maybe both left We're tired about it 900 people not me man. I'm enjoying the intellectual input here from the audience the intelligence here The cream of the crap crop 5605 60 and you know something after colabine it wasn't any different I mean, you know back then we actually had a few more real calls You know back in the day, but it was a different It would have made a different like I said the beginning of the show if there would have been 300 people shot until yesterday It wouldn't made a bit of difference It's just another news story. It's just another talking head and there's candy cowley gun control Oh, you hear what she just said? Oh That bitches in big trouble. She's been losing a lot of weight. We all soon I believe 5605 60 Palm five you have gun control. That's gonna do it now isn't it all these years They've been wasting talking about gun control a lot of how about some gun control? No, we don't want to do that cuz the NRA is busy pumping money the every day right when candidates ask Just to make them sure and when lie because they're crazy people. That's why WQAM hello WQAM hello Hello Neil yes Quick down to Miami report. Yeah It's trying to be come more like Manhattan Yeah, the presence of psychotic people in the smell of urine is the test. I think they're doing pretty well Okay, that sounds good to me. It sounds just like Manhattan Yeah, the big difference between the homeless people here and there Up in the York there say how you doing the nice down here very very early. Sure, yeah One guy said I said sorry. I don't have any money said you don't look like it. You sorry You kicked him out. What it is. Yeah, I just shot his ass right there That I look like it can sorry. Yeah So that's my little foul support of I would like to have palay yeah, that'll teach you go to Miami It's all I can tell you least the homeless people are here and they're an awful lot of in Toronto Have a nice day anyway, spare some change of mystery. You give like a dirty look have a nice day At least some of my new way. I always wait look. I'm on my way to work I'm going to work now see I used to say sorry And I say sorry they say sorry. I don't know why sorry because they're Canadian. I don't say anything now I just can't be dirty looking like that I've been over and I fart in their face and I say oh thanks a lot mister have a nice day W.A. M. Hello Yeah, you sorry W.A. M. Hello Yeah, let me tell you something you were right about what you were saying before everything you said about the United States about all the people You are so right your the man. You have a good day, buddy You're okay, great. Thank you so much. You said had a lot to say there everything you said me. It was so right you the man Go kiss some other ass. Okay, get out of my face. You've had nothing to say you're like everybody else man go back to New York Okay, go back to New York now. Don't wait another second. Don't wait a millisecond get out of bus get on a gay Han bus and go to New York and Go panhandling in the Bronx somewhere get out of my face Go to some other place I know five on a pool. I'm enjoying very much Good I guess I better check and see if there's any more about that thing now you watch their local channels You still watching your Cuban soap operas with all that flesh. Yes What flash Now there's nothing nothing new here Hollywood the Hills and nothing nothing new. Oh wait a minute. Oh here it is Something brand new. I guess I can read it right off the monitor. Huh? She will one a high school was on lockdown for a short time in midday today after a student old friends He had a gun was going to kill himself. He said police said they instead of occurred shortly before noon in Hollywood Hills high school The incident was ended by 1230 when police said they located the student at his home in Davy They said he was on harm police were questioning his ass Police said the youth was text messaging other students cell phones this morning that he had a gun It was going to commit suicide after class at least that was considered He also text messages a picture of some sort of a gun Then several friends noticed the students car was gone from the parking lot Well certainly if he's old enough to drive he's old enough to own a gun, isn't he? And kill a few people Concerned friends notified teachers and school administrators who called in the police and quickly locked down Hollywood Hills high and the nearby sterling elementary school police went to the youth's home And investigation continues to 30s expected with these more information later today and I'll keep you right on it Man, I'm right on top of it here. We got our own news department going on this show. It's called my computer Just like today that day what what's his name? Saben through the coupe and Who had it first on this radio station on the sports station yours truly did oh God thanks to the sunset and a website Thanks to the fact I got my PC sitting over here While everybody else was running around like a chicken with her head cut off and while fat Hank was busy calling the SPN because that day He was only the ESPN employee and out of QM employee. He didn't have it anyway Remember that day? Oh, yeah, I bet you may go members that day. I do and they're all running around We're to kneel good that from off the computer you jackass on the Suncental website That's where I got it from Just like a 9 11. I mean we aren't gonna be talking about sports. What are we gonna say about that? I remember that squeaky boys little tip-scree's guilty man pathetic and embarrassed me We gotta talk about sports. Why are we gonna say about planes flying under buildings? Shmuck WQA in hello Yes, listen. I find it very interesting how the media balances out every major new story on the planet Okay a few weeks ago we had a bit of drug addict who was the biggest new story on the planet Then last week of course I miss it a bad word and everybody went nuts and I wonder that if the tragedy the real tragedy of yesterday if that had happened last week Given the fact that hopefully I'll sharpened what it's a gotten near a television camera with Don I'm still have a job Because let me ask you this point to who cares? I said don I miss has been dead for 15 years. Well, I was a little better But screw down. I'm as good out of here. Go back to New York Then this might response to everybody from now on go back to New York Would Don I miss to have a job 32 innocent kids get shot and killed and Virginia take yesterday And this guy's worried about if it would have happened in previous week without sharpened not a scene about I'm a same Nappy headed hose and yati adi. I said it went so on and it's an interesting that I'll sharpen head-in-man is radio show Where he uses all sorts of racial language, but that's okay because it's a double standard like it always has been Just like in a hip hop music you can say all the Nigger and Nigger and Nigger and Niggas and all that other stuff you can say to Zinny and times every hip hop song You want that's okay because we be saying it, but if you say it, we're gonna get you fired and of course That's how many say anyway Now wonder in the hip hop, can you say Nappy headed hole all the time? No 9 Let me ask you a little may ask you this about that you like it 9.09 on the pool Much as I can get these people are so full of crap It just makes me want to cry and then I realize where I am you know and I'm not there I'm very happy about WQA and hello Is this the you know what to show? Yes sir I'm gonna give you a reason for Neil to play the I paint your ball spot with Larry King if you got the cart Well, what does that mean you're gonna give me a reason to play? What does that mean? Well, I've got Neil on the phone. Yeah, okay. Well I noticed I'm to turn past over all the Jewish guys get the way the Yamaka captain and the cover they've balled WQA and hello As it go and great Anyway, happy pace of my life. I was a little bit late. The number two life What is it sir? Nothing serious happened over Hollywood Hills in there right today. That's correct. All right. Thanks. Okay Well, I'm sure as concerned parents out there, that's why I figured it's important to be on top of this story Let's see what's going on. It's a local thing, you know 2200 and some odd kids go to school there and people want to know and then nothing happened and Yadiyada, you know and Just a stupid ass kid trying to start up because he saw something happened yesterday and right away Oh, I'm gonna blow my brains out and I got a gun And then what they ought to do is take him in the out of hang his ass on the flag pole right outside the school area You know what I'm sure in your own I'd come down to witness it is what I would do What do you think sure Happy or ass unless of course he's cute WQ I am hello New Do you hear what the Gunnots With their Lot theory on this whole thing was that if there was legal fathers kids to kill That's right. They could all had a gun and I could all blow him away right now Everybody had a gun we'd obviously What do you expect from Gunnots or what are you screaming about what do you expect from them? Call Okay Now this reveal Q a and hello Okay, I'm working on it all okay, I played magic one Where is it oh, sorry you got it Mary, but we're also Q a M hello Yeah, you know it just reminds me of like that all in a family episode just give everybody on the planning a gun, you know That's a girl You know everything is What do we have to do get all the trips out of our rack and have no a very pleasant son ever universe to be school every high school every elementary school every college campus Now you're talking at least maybe they might be safe there and we wouldn't have all these dead troops That's not a man idea Let's bring home a lot of police the University campuses what do you say? To start Can't believe he actually made reference to Iraq can you believe that? Nope Well, if nothing else going as horrible as this incident was you notice it got to rank off the front page You know what's that? Maybe they arrange it You mean like they arranged 9-11? Yeah, like that 9-14 Man, what kind of ability to see that on? I don't know something I claim to have you to see But secretly enjoy is masturbation to 05 the jury spring or show 134 the Copperners 124 Karen and Richard Karen and Dick Count to music 82 meals polls 80 vanilla ice cream 80 oh God almost sexuality 73 oh God men That we're gonna for prostitute sonids horse song so crash and so honest and Democrats police seven these doesn'tboom up, it's the one foot tool We didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, when the jams dropped their box. Spam! We fumble them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us high. And on our cards, our little flags wave. As that Saudi woman, recharged voice of bombers, the wrong way. And other barriers to be in America, where they follow both sides. You die in the state of arrogance. And by warships, as a weak, they got this country. And the late boys of the Pakistan, and I disagree. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. In the US, What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They drain us too, and anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be. But this has not embarrassed to be in America, where we take three of us in please. We have a flag in one hand. We're not heading this hand. It's like they follow the powers that he had to take. And the Saudis, the front, the front. The Washington State from you, who's on a 65th street. Scratcher, five, everything's okay. It's like the balls. You will say. See, I'll come and leave that out. You say Scratcher balls. We can say balls, can we? Yeah, he was being overly cautious. Being a real duty bag, just. It'll be over. The cautious chicken, otherwise, we're gonna be off the air. You know, we're gonna be down to wait. Oh, point. Oh, like that. Next one. Hey, listen, if Jai Duel Bell keeps, so we've been as magic, there man. He's the magic man. There's a tragic. The gunman suspected of curing out. I want to say suspected, okay. I'm so sick and tired. I know. Oh, brother, the alleged this, suspected that that's SOB a piece of crap. Well, we already know who he is. A choice, Schoenahui. Iraq, the US is a boy from South Korea, 1992, is raised in suburban Washington. He was living on campus in a different dorm from the one where Mondays blood bath began. Police in the University of Facials offered no clues to his motive in the mask. He wrote the deadly assuding man page of modern US history. He was a loner where having trouble finding information about him. School spokesman Larry Hinkers said, Larry Hinkers, who may just be a real sticker. Professor Carolyn Rude, chairwoman of the University's English department, said she didn't personally know the gunman, which he said she spoke with Lucinda Roy. The department's director created writing, who had told whatever classes described him as troubled. Well, whatever the hell that means. That's Professor Carolyn Rude and Lucinda Roy. Excuse me. Well, that's sure it was quite a project, wasn't it? There was some concern about him. Rude said sometimes, in creating writing, people reveal things, and he never know if it's greater if they're just describing things, if they're imagining things, they're just in my house real it might be. But we're all alert to not ignore things like this. She said, well, whatever that means. She said, she was referring to the counseling service, but she said, she didn't know when or what the outcome was. Rude refused to release any of his writings, his grades, his shoe size, his size, anything else. Court, he's South Korean. All 17 people stole my house, but by the way, they're showing more footage from yesterday. I think everybody have her been leading again. 927 boats on a pole, is there any doubt? We'll make that 1,000-day Mr. Omega. No. Is there any doubt? No. See what I tell ya? And that's without my haters' pole. See what we're doing. It's like potty training. We have to retrain our his and we train ourselves. It was like a crutch. You know, when you have I hate this pole, you got like 20%. That's a whole chunk of oats there, man. That's a big chunk of oats. That's easy pickins. That's like these people who have called up and have nothing to say. I got one for the pole. That's not a phone call. That's not a comment. That's not a call to a talk station. That's a pile of crap is what that is. You idiots, you lunatics, you. Throw at these people. Now what tell us this? Angela and the net. Mr. Oh, the hottest commodity is this information. Well, that's good. Stick it with a window trying to Angeline. More spam on my blackberry. How do you like that? Shaped in there, right? Maybe they figured it was a lunchtime. I wouldn't eat that if you paid me by the bite. W2A, 2A, Mellow. How are you doing? Yes sir. Is this George? No, it's Neil. You want to talk to George? No, it's not. Neil, this is my hammer. Name a hammer. How are you doing? I'm going to. How are you? I'm going to go ahead of a phone. You're on my hammer. He's calling from like the Middle East or something? No, it's a self-fulfalling. It's our terrorist satellite dish man. How are you feeling my hammer? I've been feeling the density. I'm going to the state of the social. Thank you. I'm doing fine. Very good. Sir. I'm from you. I'll be. Do I not in. Is there any more? I'm one. Are you. Are you. Is something? I'm in Toronto, man. I'm in Toronto, Canada. Man, are you. You're not coming down. I wouldn't come to that place if you paid me by the second. I'm going to listen. It's great here for me. Get a new phone. I'll talk to you again. Take care. He's fishing around through some business. You know, let's go. We have another satellite dish. Probably in the legal one. No more. No more dishes from there. See. I only have two sets of dishes. Nothing and Felicia. Okay. Because I want to keep kosher like Gary Sarner. I want to be a real firm Jew. I want to start being a servant. Just in case when the grim reaper calls and I get to the, you know, probably gates and all other ballooning, you know. My real hot thought and no, I got my mrs. And the elder my big toe and all the other crap, you know. What's your garbage? All. What am I told you? All of this stuff that goes on. You know, oh, that's why I'm so glad that I all those years ago. And they said to myself, I might as well fart into a windstorm. I said here on a radio, especially in this town. I'll make sure you're in here on life. Change the world. Okay. Have a few last. Have a good time. Get laid as much as you can. And that's about it, you know. Just made due to basically can enjoy life. That's my best advice to each and every one of you is enjoy life. Because all the rest of it is bull crap. Bull crap. It's corrupting. It's lies. It's deceit. It's killing and maming and wooing and whatever. All of these things. And the last thing don't forget about them. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hey, baby. It's good to have you back, but you know, you need to stop doing all that. WQAM. Hello. We got a monitor. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. This is the main. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. I need a lot of nice stuff. Have you bought a two things I want to say to you, Neil? Yeah. Okay. One. I'm sure in that guy. The guy will get the shooting. I'll show you. I'll make them a reason. That's the main reason why. How do you know that? Yeah. Because you know the way to treat those people, Neil. Okay. Okay. Number two is goodbye. That's number two, comma. WQAM. How does math occur to me? That's the use schedule. WQAM. Hello. I said your just gay. QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm his George. WQAM. Hello. You schedule. WQAM. Hello. I said George is gay. Just in case they missed the first time. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Last week was my cabin opened our surgery without an anesthesia. You know what I'm glad you enjoyed George a show. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hey. Hello. Great to hear you. Yes. How you doing today, everything fine? Everything fine. Actually, am I fine? I noticed that you were, you know, raving about an overman. What's happened with overman? Did you have a change of heart? Keith Olderman went to the MSNBC management and demanded a dime as be fired for his netby hit at the whole comment. Keith Olderman can suck 400 pounds of elephant droppings for my part and can go to hell. That's what happened with Keith Olderman. So I have a change of heart. All this ranting and raving about bullshit about all the losing of freedoms and about democracy and all this other crap. And here's a guy who's supposed to go back to doing sports crap. Keith, where you belong. Okay. And if we're attending, what is it? Yes. Good. Good. That's where he belongs. Well, not completely. That's where he belongs. Okay. Back talking about ball games. Just like a lot of people we got talking about ball games. I noticed this morning that Kenny was interrupting the conversation about the NFL draft and about 185 pound and 245 pound to linebacker with a big kneecap. Long enough to mention OG and other talking about gun control. This thing happened yesterday and but it would be, but you see, this is the sad part of it, you know. If you want to do a sports show in a morning, do a sports show. Don't pretend to be something else. I must be able to check up the day now. Is that in the deals I like, check for the day with the check of the day? What's that all about? Same check. What's that about? Check on the show. She's a regular round of show. Well, the wise he's saying thanks for stopping by. Well, actually, she's that regular round. So she just stops by when she feels like it. Well, what does that mean? It means she's welcome there whenever she wants. So now those we're going to show where the people just show up on whatever the hell they feel like and it's not like anybody knows who's going to be on the show. She can show up whenever she wants. Yeah. Everybody here thinks agrees with that. I see. She could visit this show. Well, maybe might attract a couple listeners. They sure can't hurt. 9.37 on the full now. We still need 63 and 48 minutes. This is going to be a little bit closer than we thought. It's a little less than four there Miguel and his vote tabulation. Never take anything for granted. Okay. Never get too complacent with his crowd. 63 votes, 48 minutes. Can we do it? No, Roger Scott. Four holds our stage. There's no other happy. Never get paid and stay home all alone. We're in for our stabbing. Just for dragging whole bones. You can throw my life fish when you need to under their arms. There are places. You ask for your love for a day. Manly fish. Our shipping pen, the look they gave. Contact games. What they're straight? So let's say. Four holds our stage. I'm in for our arms. We post a death leaves of 40 day walls. On a 20 day country, we'll be tied. Raise your themselves. Do men who play with false. They like straight. Bitch, where they meant that takes. Very straight. Don't give back men all day. No, that's gay. No, that's gay. No, they... Yeah. Through that, there are students asking friends of Virginia Tech to update their profiles on Facebook and say they're okay. See, you're always pooping my space in Facebook and Facebook and all these things. All of these things. All of these things. I don't know anybody. I'm on it right now, reading what's his name's story there that he just sent me. Ricky. He's just sent you the story. Yeah, he said thanks for the words of encouragement. We're both doing wonders for his, you know, mood and condition. And then he sent me the story just so that I would be up to date, which I thought was very nice. He's an incredible story. He's not enough to make you want to blow your voice. How will we halfway through it? And no, it's not. Enough to blow my brains up because let me say it again. He's free. That's when I say it. You can't count your blessings, man. If the audience says, understand, this is one of our my space friends. Oh, there we go with my space again. He's 24 is a good kid. Yeah. The loyal listener, a great guy. And I've been confabulating with him on there for a few weeks now, very regular. And he just, you know, thought he had this girlfriend that he was all obsessed with. And in fact, he for the weekend, but I said, I'm nothing. I was just groaning. And before the weekend, he told me about his plans. I was over an Amsterdam. I was still, you know, confabulating with my regular people. And I said, I wish it to best of luck. Hope you have a great time. Hope you get laid. Whatever you got it. And as you can see, it turned into a disaster. As I will see when I finish reading it. But however it is, if somebody he met online, it was somebody he had met in. I really hope you'd be successful, which I also attended with my daughter. So we might have, you know, see each other. You might have loved him. And I would not even know. We could have been standing right next to each other. I might have met him like your daughter. Stay away. But let me say again, you got your wife. I never keep her in the world. Yeah. Well, let's see his resume. He got his wife on a fine run. And his world ahead of him. 948 votes. We need 52 and 41 minutes. I'm not that I want to end up. So he saved the story too, huh? Yeah. And what did he say? He sent me a little initial paragraph explaining, you know, everything. And then he cut and paced at the story that he sent to somebody else. He wouldn't have to retipe it. Right. It's one thing. I don't think they made two paragraphs into it. So I was jumping out the window on a sodium pressed, where he'd not. In fact, CC speaking to my space. So it was a dark, complexed listener just to send me this message. He says, my person sure has a lot of nerve. He's going to show up in Virginia Tech and make the whole thing all about him. Rather than about those kids suffering, what else is new? He could give a Schmidt about the soldiers down here every day. He wants everybody to know he's got big ass balls. I'm not impressed, CC says. During Katrina, he didn't even bring a case of bottle water, Louisiana. But he'll show up for a hug in a photo of him. I'm not impressed. Hey, Bush, you bitch, you want to impress me? Have you shunned about your country and about the people of the... Let me read that sentence again since you were chuckling over it. Hey, Bush, you bitch, you want to impress me? Give a Schmidt about your country and the people of the... I know what all the hoopla over words these days. I'm asking Bush to say the B word, meaning bitch. But if truth hurts, say, out's damn it. Yeah, is it good enough, bitch? Thank you, Neil. I'm an among men in the stutter amongst us, CC. How do you like this? Is that nice? Yes. In fact, I'll even go out. It's not just nice. It's a very nice. Very nice. Very nice. Five, six, oh, I got a story here. I got to get in, even though my girl would be up second and were read it. But, former... Thank you so much. Former intelligence officials confirm to the Associated Press yesterday. A Laman news paper report that Francis Ford and intelligence service had heard about a Nalkata plot, which was likely to involve a U.S. airplane. The French paper also reported that Francis confirmed the CIA prior to the... Excuse me. The French paper also reported that Francis informed the CIA prior to the attacks on I'm 11, and with nearly 2,000 people were killed. However, it's uncertain whether the intelligence was loon in these specific plot, Hatsun on 11, the external intelligence service wrote a total of nine reports between September 2000 and August 2000 on a KIDA threats against the West and passed all the month of the CIA's Paris Bureau, the French newspaper be seen. Laman based its report on 320 of pages of classified documents leaked by D.G.S. sources showing that some of it was never had been infiltrated by foreign agents long before the 9-level attacks. In a five-day, January 5, 2001, also seen by Agent France Press, the D.G.S. said a road to a tiny high-jack-up plane bound for the U.S. from Frankfurt and Germany and taken to Kanda-Haryna, Afghanistan. Pierre Antoine Lorenzi, the former Chief of Staff of the Agency Director at the time, said to remember the note and they mentioned only a big outlines of a high-decking plot, nothing that foreshadowed these scale of the 9-level attacks he said. The former French intelligence official told the AP, it wasn't about a specific airliner's specific day, it wasn't a precise plot. According to Laman, the documents included notes reports, ratio of syntheses, charts, graphs, flow charts, satellite photos, gathered between July 2000 and October 2001. The never-decking plot was never known, could we? Could they? No. And we're worried because Don I'm a said netty head of the hose on the air because Anne and the cool and her son both died because there are a couple of junkies and all of this stuff, you know? Glad we got our priorities all straight enough. 9-49, and this thing is slow down to a crawl now on the pole. I think we're playing with this. We need 51 votes in 37 minutes. I thought the ratio was going pretty good there for a while and I'm clicking at view current thing, you know? And now the damn things have it in 9-50, they're coming in by the ones. That's not got to cut it, 50 votes in 37 minutes. You see how they like to twirl with my emotions on this crap? Yeah. But I'm glad that Ricky has saved that story. Now you threw my dead shit. Oh, or you can do it. We're doing a radio show over here. I'll read through the breaks. We're doing a radio show over here. Look, I might make time to text somebody and I'm having an adult-first relationship with, but I'm not going to say here in Read a Story on MySpace during the radio show. Well, that's outrageous. I think you're going to hurt Ricky's feelings. He understands. How the hell do you know he understands? He might be a little peo to you. 9-50 on the pole, by the way. It's just sitting there on 9-50. I think everybody's gone. That's it. They showed it off, and we got a Marlon game coming on or what? No, I was in the Astros tonight, by the way. At Houston, don't have to worry about going to the ballpark. That's what you'd go anyway. All big debate over Virginia text handling of the crisis. There's no question they handled it just brilliantly. Just to assume this and they assumed that it was isolated incident, then they told kids to go back into the dorm and, you know, just go back in your house and make babies like Martha G. and Queen would say in Detroit during the riots in 67. Or like they told people in the world trade center. Go back and save. Go back inside. Remember that? How could we forget? Yes. I think Eric has played with my emotions. I think he's frozen up, you know, on 1952, just a small chunk. Like the kind of you get out of your nostril when it's only like partially plugged up, you know, you put your finger over one nostril. Oh, oh, oh, man, that's how it really is. Yeah, moist. 1952, and they're putting this screw to you, Mr. We don't get to a thousand by, because you were the one that said, let's not do that. I hate that. We're not even more. And on 1956, we need 44 votes in 35 minutes, and the beat goes on. The beat goes on. That was a summium share. Isn't it horrible? Horrible. Horrible. Yeah, you're going to have to hear an awful song. You know, when sunny bono had that skiing accident, he went to the tree and died and croaked, that was a great day for the human race. Yeah. I never, huh? I didn't mind it. Oh, you thought this was a good song? No, no. I didn't mind him hitting the tree. Oh, yeah. Me too. Me too. Me too. Right up to the post there. The beat goes on. With a little help from my friend. Kill him. Shoot him. We don't like the music. Shoot him. That's America for you. If you're seeing a bad song, if you do a crappy concert, they're going to shoot your ass. That's all. Oh, look at that. The place that we thought initially, the dorm shooting was a domestic situation. You always make a lot of assumptions as a good idea. When some crazy person, with a bunch of guns is on the loose, and their shootings are going to always assume this. Or assume that. And always take plenty of time before we inform it, the students to baton down the hatches that there's a crazy person with gun on the loose, and you're maybe going to get killed. Unbelievable. We're signing it right down on my couch. The first thing we've got to do is to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, and then you're going to get the gun on the loose, So we know Bush's vision played a little cleaner. Better be the lawyer for your crimes in the community. And there's a need for a cleaner. Call your assistant number one and have the subpoena. Bush's vision played a little cleaner. Better be the lawyer for your crimes in the community. And there's a need for a cleaner. Well, 31. We certainly don't want to offend anybody, but that's for damn sure why Keith you jack as you. You're fair. Idiot you. Go back to doing a ball scores, okay? Something that you know something about. How pathetic. He's got to be fired at it. You don't have a wise man. Oh, yeah. Don't you just love that people in the business when they run around trying to get other people fired. No, I like that. It's good material anyway. That is. And then the interesting part is we're still here getting paychecks and. I like that much. He was still like, is he still on 80, 50 doing some kind of flunky stuff on a weekend or what? Does he make a lot of noise? I don't know. I don't know either. You don't know? You're the local radio guru, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. And you don't know? I mean, he's about to obscure even more obscure than default because you know that default was to land across the street. Defaults on our early morning. Not really enough. He ought to be on my everybody's asleep. But that's basically it. Kind of like a rock solid. Like him. See. 965 votes on the pull. I think we'll do it. It's going to be a tense. We need 35 votes in 28 minutes. Yeah, it's just barely over one minute. If a legendary show like this can, even without I hate this pull, although it's not going anywhere. Still if I was keeping clicking as you current, I'd be better off with my. Although it still says 965. 10. I don't know what it is. I think it's something you did. What do you say? What did you do that? I really ought to be. It's still, yeah, I'm a girl. I think you did it. Good morning, staff. Guess where I went to got called and said, Miguel Escobar Cominista at that point. Everybody just dropped the radio and ran for it. It's still stuck. And I think Eric is poshking with it. You know, he's on that before. After he did that hard research earlier about the, I hate this pull. Still those for it interesting. It's still stuck on 965. We're never going to get to a thousand of this rate. Unless you people start coming through and clumps. Okay. Even if you don't have it opinion, I just lie. Lie about it for Christ's takes. Do it for Jesus. What would Jesus vote? Something I claimed to hate and secretly enjoy is Mass-divation to a level of Jesus. Sure, so I wouldn't do that. The jury's spring or sure, 137. Jesus would be caught dead watching that. The carpet is 1.99. He might listen to that a little bit. Do you think, kind of, mellow? Sure, why? He's kind of a mellow fellow with sandals with broken glass. Oh, he wasn't part of your carpet. That's right. Well, no, his father, his daddy was a carpenter. Wasn't it? He was a carpenter too. Yes, he was. I never knew that. So if I'd say. No. Neal's pulls 89, country music 85, right on my ass. Finalized Gamedy 3, homosexuality 76. Rat music, way down 38, Neorodges show 32, religion 23, porno 20, 4 is 19, Republican 17, Democrats 7, 9.67. We need 33 votes in 26 minutes. Now, ordinarily, I wouldn't be at least very concerned about that. The scene, the way that these aren't coming in and jogging, it clumps the way they often do. And I keep refreshing, I keep clicking at view, current thing. And it still stays the same. 968, there's one. There's one. I think that's what I'm assuming. Went to visit the Rutgers Women's Abescaulty. There's one. Napy headed home. 97 now. See now, they're starting to make some sense. Coming in chunks. 91. Let's kind of all the way down to 1000, but you say, I more take a bunch of good calls. WDQAM hello. Hey, now, I knew a guy from the, he went to school with sunny Bodo. Yeah. And this guy told him that everybody at school thought that, about sunny was a fruit cake. Maybe she was just a beard. She was sure that he amassed a little one on that period. And of course, he's about that. Everybody thought that sunny was a fruit cake. I do like that for sure. A fruit cake. So you can come on a year and say, fruit cake, not going to infagate since they're like that. And it's something my ass. But if somebody goes on and says, Napy headed the hose on the eye and me show, then right away they're going to get their ass can. See? See the separate set of the house. I've had to hurry. Firesteens going to trace that last call and come and blow your house down, sir. Or something. WQAM hello. You can have food, sir. Yes, sir. I heard your comments earlier about Keith Olerman. Just a little background. He has been trying to get I'm in soft that station for three years. Soft that network. I understand. Based on what? They don't get along in like each other in the fire. Oh, comparing contrast, you and Alex Bennett. Okay. It was more or less that kind of, you know, besides they didn't get along. They never got along and it goes straight back to it. So I think he did with strike while the iron was. Yeah, did just stand him in the back. Well, you know, and I can't think of a better target in a year's time. It's just something audible. You know what I mean? Yeah, and if you should have been off the year 15 years ago, but the idea that somebody on the network goes and try and get him fired because they hate each other like, I'm sorry. I'm not buying it. I'm off his list. He's off my list. He can go to hell. I don't hate that crap. The worst people in this business are the people that pull crap like that. And I used to get accused of that all the time. Oh, Neil got this one canned and that one canned and this one showed you all the time. And never happened ever once, never once. I remember the day that boy Gary came in and said to me, how much do you hate your rentals? I said, I don't hate anybody. What does that? Oh, well, he wants to come back if we want to put him back out of weekend. I said, do whatever you want. I don't hate him. What do I have to do with it? Remember those days? Yep. Always getting accused. Got this one sandbag. Whatever. I just give my opinion that's all. They don't like it too freaking bad. Now I know the end of pull. We're going to make it now. We can make it. And I think it's because I said Jesus a few times and I said something nice about old Jesus. I think that's what got us through, baby. You can't praise Jesus enough. Praise the Lord, man. And you have to see the right issue. That's the way it goes. Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition. Either order. All I'm religious nuts. All these fundamentalist lunatics spreading, spewing, hate and violence and vulgar will swill. Can't even spit it out. Although. 981. See that? Coming in very nicely now. And what if you know something? There must be nothing else going on in the world because I've been sitting here since 850 in this morning. I always am where I 25. Whatever it is. I don't be causing any other story about any other thing. High school. There was field high school in the area. And he was an undergrad here at Virginia Tech a senior. He was ugly. Boy. He was really ugly. Maybe that's why I got pissed off. Maybe that's why I had that domestic problem. See, there isn't any indication. There wasn't any domestic altercation. First they were saying that. They assumed that. They had no idea. They just figured, well, he's ugly in the bitch dump of me. Or maybe this is boyfriend. Maybe he was gay, fruit cake. Who knows? Wouldn't that be a shame? That's all I need. That's all the so-called gay community needs. Now, let me just say it for more time. Okay, just to clarify for the audience that maybe, you know, or getting really tired of all this crap that I am to. Travel. Take a gun. Hold up a store. Use that money and travel to somewhere else in the world. And then you'll see. This doesn't go on. Oh, yeah, we get stories like you always happened in, it happened in Germany in school at the time. Remember that in Russia. But generally speaking, day and in day out. When you travel like in Western Europe, nobody has guns. In Italy, for example, you go to a Roma, baby, and they police and the Karabani, they had the guns. Nobody else has gunned in the soldiers. They got guns. Nobody else has guns. And I told you that's one day we're coming out of the restaurant in Rome. And there were a couple of women screaming and yelling and tourists. And there had been a son of a gunshot, which is totally unexpected. And some punk sure of had gotten a gun. And he was shooting up a nearer. It wasn't shooting with anybody. He was just like some kind of a protest, you know, some crap. They're always protesting. And he shot and fired off a shot in the air. And right away, everybody started panicking. And the cops came from every direction. You have never seen so many police in your life. Every kind of cop. You know, police, you know, a couple of knee-hats, slippers. Every kind of outfit and uniform. And they dragged his ass into this like alleyway. And, you know, that was the end of that. And I guarantee it. They took the gun and they beat the living, not out of his ass. I could be wrong about that. You thought I want to say? Fall and Ricky, sorry. It's just very rare. People don't need guns. Civilized people don't need guns. Animals barbarians. People are not respectful for human life. They need guns. They want guns because that's the whole life. But what if you want to shoot somebody? That's right. Then you need the gun. All right, then. And you know, we're most of the guns in Canada are imported from? Where do you think most of them come from? Fall and Ricky, I want to shoot this bitch. I'll tell you what. Oh, then I don't even say that. Don't even make the joke out of that. See, you finished reading that story, huh? Oh, tragic. You know, someone, you know, because he's got his pictures on there. He's a young guy. There's nothing wrong with him. Is it a good guy? Unless he got six toes or something that we're not seeing. He doesn't need to be taking any kind of crap off of anybody. They don't see him or combo. Some bull like bitch. Exactly. Now I'm curious though, is he going to stop at Sonic on the next trip over there? What? If he does, hey, I want one of those sour dough bacon sheep burgers, please, with potato pancakes. 1989 and the pool we got away 11 to go to a thousand, then we can breathe easy. You've been working my internship after you're writing to Diane. How? That's a loser. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I wish to. Yeah, and how? Back to him. You're going to fight somebody. Go to North Dakota. So my piggy fence? It ain't easy. I know, Jason, I'm not going to be coming back. That's how you fix that. We're going to look for it in the counter-ed. Hmm? If you want to know what I'll say, get from shut that transmitter to the ground. Why? That's easy. Okay. Show. Oh, she beat me. Oh, yeah. Oh, she beat me. Oh, huh? Huh? Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. She beat me. I think you're all thanks, but surely that's you. Thanks. Thanks, that's my ratings and fun of doubt in this day. What's video have to remember? You don't want to get you civil women and we do. That's what you beat to show. Now, say again. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. She beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Oh, she beat me. Did you see that? Why? You're going to go, oh, hi. You're going to go, oh, hi, honey. OK, 147-132, Maddock, I'm going to be saw a clock. And then we got the Humperer and the Maddock between four and five. Humperer at American Airlines Arena. That's a triple A. Where's your wrist? Humperator in the studio, five and seven. How come I'm reading Mondays. I don't want to start our homework. And then you're working this Friday. So that means I got a nice shortcut. I would buy Wednesday tomorrow. What? I got a ligt, I think. would be the first time that's what I heard. 996 on the full by the way, 996. I'm going back to a hamster dam and giving my lips on Route 66 and check out some 997. We need just three more hosts. There's Neil Diamond. All of a sudden, there's Harry Connick Jr. People that nobody wants to hear anymore, you know, any mole. The Bush administration's allies in Congress yesterday blocked the bill that would require the White House to disclose locations of secret prisons run by the CIA and it would reveal the amount of the American intelligence agencies. A. The vote on the intelligence bill was a blow to Senate Democrats, newly in control of Congress, who had hoped that they would be able to extract more details from the White House about some of the most widely debated intelligence programs begun after those down level of attacks. After that deal went bad between the Bushes and the Bin Laden's, you know. Upon the said legislation led by Senator Jim Demand, the South Carolina Republican, one of the support yesterday to prevent the bill from going to the Senate floor for a final vote. But congressional officials said the negotiations over the measure would continue today and Democrats said they were still hopeful the bill could eventually pass. Whatever, find out because all they're talking about is, you know what? The kids at Virginia Tech. I mean, granted it's a huge story in a tragic story in horrendous and grotesque and it's as American example, pie like I told you. But nevertheless, there must be something else going on in the world, but I guess, no, not. 997, I do think we're going to have that thousand if I refresh this, maybe if I hit that neighbor or I'm saying, don't tell me, don't tell me. 999. Oh, baby. That is really heavy duty. 999. If I click it again, view current, there's another vote on there. Still 999. See that? Today they always do this to me. It's like they perform in concert, you know, right? Like it's an organized bunch of crap. So I do it again. One more time speaking to the mole monster. Still 999. See that? We got 11 minutes to go for one vote. On in, you know what else is come up in two o'clock? I'm going to go get ice cream. So I'm going to have to watch both. Well, we can, don't do that. We don't do what. Ice cream. Hmm, said you got all fat over there and you wrote me in. And did. Well, 190. Cut the crap. Well, how can you do that if you don't have no ice cream? 999. It's just stop there. It's just, it's not moving. I think Eric frozen. Somebody out there's got a cast of what I have. A thousand and one. A thousand and one. Space Odyssey. Is that greater what? Well, it's half a space Odyssey anyway. Did I ever finish reading this thing? Well, it's not that important. You know, it's, it's not that important in the overall scheme of our lives. What is important? So you finish reading over his hotel of all that? Yeah, and I reply to him during that break there. It started with Hay Ricky and it ended with feel better. And there were a lot of affid asswords in between. Really? Yeah. Well, you're the man to give, I mean, I tried my best to keep him calm and cool. Because I was so concerned about him. I might not have a single story that's quite so chockful and nuts as his, you know, exactly. I have many, many stories. Right. And one of them is, you know, still not over. Really? And yeah, we can hear about? Well, I'm still married, aren't I? I see. Well, no, I mean, I did my best to try to, you know, bring him to earth and calm and down. And, you know, be a good friend. I've got, like, I would say five people on there. Out of what have we got? 1323 alleged? I've got five people on there who I can favor they with on a very regular basis. Long home, I know personally who's the greatest new universe. And then four other people who I can verse with only online. And I think are all great people. And that's it. That's not a very high percentage. Would you say, no? Five people out of 1323. And I do basically try to respond to virtually everybody. Although I will say this, I have a new, uh, and it's got to be a fake. I mean, just nobody looks that good. It wasn't naked, though. I have a new friend that came on just to, uh, come out of our, so ago, and didn't mention somebody from South Africa, some young guy. From South Africa. His profile looked legit. You know, I mean, I look to see if they're like living in breathing. We'll other people on there and look legit. It's just that he looked so good. You know, I mean by that? No. What do you mean? What I mean is that sometimes when people look too good to be true, it's because they're now. Oh, he mean, like a modeling picture that they cut and taste. No, it wasn't a modeling picture at all. It was just a, it was a modular picture isn't it? It seemed like a, I don't know. But what's the guy in South Africa doing, uh, and he's 18 years old and married. He's got a wife, you know. I maybe that's how they do it over there in South Africa. I know how they do it. I think they do it the same way there as everywhere else. Although you never know. It is way down under down the under. I don't think I'm way to go to be going there anytime soon. Thousand and 15 votes on the pool. I'm not even going to waste my time. You're going to result. This bowl was fine. And if I were, I will guarantee you, if we were to head, I hate this pool on there. It would have had bow koo votes. You know what I mean? I'm not really mean. Many a lot. And I know what it. I know what it means. Jesus God. Oh, you said you don't know. Well, I'm just, you know, I'm just talking crap. You think I don't know what boat? Why would I have said it if I didn't know what it meant? I don't know. Because you hear other people say it. Like what's doing? What's the word? Oh, man. Good word. Taking advice from you. Don't listen to him. I can't even tell you. He was a racist. He's been a half Jewish. How do you like to use a jubin? Yeah, I'm a, although he's never told me which you can be 100% both, you know. He never told me which has. It's day. Oh, my heavy town. Half five six oh. Well, let's get some gums and gums and people. What do you say? You're working after him. Wait. Let's go out and do it. It's starting. He's a friend who came on the kids. I learned into brain. I said for four buyers will stop its son at gunna wait. And every big city of across you. Rest is ain't now. He's got to keep you so some hard. We're in the other fellow. You know, for life is really close to Naples doing. That's the only space to play. One boy's the thrill to make like green for rain. Now I ain't out of dream today. See the first few underbucked That's the cops coming here real way And I ain't out of care anyway So what if Johnny can't read? He can still join the end on the night. Now the end I'll be with this That dumb scum scum And then I'll throw each other away Just don't speak And then I'll throw each other Just don't speak I'll throw each other on the streets And then I'll throw each other on the streets What if that can't believe I can't let them I'm in a short on the back sighting And I'm like, I'm about to kill you Can you believe that? I believe it But you're all excited Come up a little bit short Well I guess so So yeah we didn't tell her We did it to help her kid to get a life And move on with your life Or you get it based on the bitch And move on And cut the crap Did you send them a nice message and tie like Did you? Keep your chin up That's right That's right Keep your chin up Keep your guard up Keep your guard up And your left guard Oh yeah And also keep your back But not too high And not like a jockey You ever know this how the jockey is the first part of the race There are like asses like straight up in the year Like that's for a aerodynamic When it's out, aerodynamic When you're trying to say You're on this aerocarsion And we got a thousand 26 votes But who's counting? Bye bye bye