I'm glad the holiday season is dead Yes Had no fun, but it wasn't no club man And now there's an ache inside my head I still got lighted up on your home But after midnight Can you, everyone? Should take a pound down Take a down, you live for fun You need a job to be the ace And a tough, tough, tough one down the night Take down the light, shoot a petrol up Can you, everyone one more Three Who cares, 596 very strong second, that's what I voted Who cares, who gives a flying joys? Lyreth 348 Is that streaming going to stay down? No, it's back up again, but we've had a dozen dropouts in five minutes Coward 198 Who's next 7-186? Lyr 161 I'm so loosing correct Great coach, 51, that's the joke boat I guess for Friday's pull Trader 46 and I hate this pull Only 24, so many, they all know Only 1% They like it I thought something, you know, something to get all whipped up about It's got to always be something negative in South Florida We hate, you know Kaplan, we vise his role at QAM, anyway before we get to that Here's a today's pull, speaking of hate Yes, well he's a freaking genius 248 If I'm such a genius, then how come I'm working for these people? That's my question People I can't even get a fax cent from, oh, from your house to their ass Those bedtime stories 32 See that's contrary to your thinking To hear him suffer 27 He's a genius 18 dropouts and his jet again is down, the stream is down Most backup, 18 So very Jackass writes And Kaplan whose late night talk show was dropped recently by WQM560 Senator Hill remain at the station with a new role Kaplan will be the host on a show from 7 to 10 Weak nights when WQM does never gain Which is not tonight because the... The stands were not there They're married men who now walk with a spring in their steps Did you lose weight thump? Their wives are happier now that their husbands have talked to their doctor And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife And they're married to a new wife Well whatever Here's the facts that came in this morning from Lewand Tammy We listen to you for multiple reasons For a laugh or multiple orgasms For a laugh or the stories for the way you reacted to the calls And for your genius All I'm a genius looking to people I'm working for We've got 37 dropouts on the screen We've been on for eight ten minutes Keeping our pace of two a minute And then a little bit extra Just like I said for a kid you suck on the ear And but those tapes are first of all It's not going to be any tapes Okay Because the reason there'd be any extension I've got two years to go less a week Not that I'm counting In fact on the blog I'm going to figure out exactly how many days I have left in my two years And how do you get down on the blog on my space Well you can put down a put a countdown time around your my space Can I? Sure. How do you do that? Well you can help me with that Since you're the technical wizard Right Anyway, getting back to this I don't want to get all whipped up about this Because what's the point? Nothing is ever going to change with this effort There isn't for that long time ago If you want to see any commentator Any talking hit on TV who really tells the truth And tells it like it is and said a big gigantic pair Then he's the guy in MSNBC 8 to 9 TM on countdown nightly Keith Olderman MSNBC I know most of you under the age of 100 don't watch MSNBC And certainly hopefully don't watch CNN And I'd probably like to like both bloodscree That crap 700 main reason I listen to you is For laughs To the 90 think because in honor of the fact that everything is technically so screwed up Since they listen to the laugh I'm thinking I think he I can put that like an end of you And this group group group, I think there you go right Huh? What do you think? And then maybe every now and then just just to grind Throwing something a little bit different Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, , ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, stay there for a couple of a few days. I'll drop out again and back up and nobody can listen online. Very good Joe, you're really doing it. You and I crack engineering staff here. The bees lay production baby. I'm not holding anything back anymore. These people are a joke. They're an industry joke. They're an insult to my intelligence. I have to work in the business for about 100 years. I've never seen so many people with such little professionalism. It's schlach, you know? Fish are often a morning and fake your way through the day and schlach your way through life. It's a schlach house. 59 drafts, 750 votes on the poll all the numbers all the time. WQAM, hello. Yes, I'm sorry I just showed off the radio. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. I had so much excitement and pleasure after viewing the Patriots win yesterday. I was on that final play, the return to reception for touch now. I'm Brady. I had that defensive back in his lunch and I said, oh my, would you be all right to open there? Yes. Good thinking pal. You're right on target all the way around. Would I like to be in Tom Brady's arms? You bet. I wouldn't mind being in a Ryan Phillips arms and I'm moving. I saw last night. I never mentioned that on the air. I saw what you did last summer. I know. I saw who you did. I know who you did last. I know who you did last summer. And a Ryan Phillips case really would be a long list. He sure looked good in that movie. Man. He wouldn't talk like this. He looked like a real hot punk. He looked like a white-bought movie. He wasn't talking like that at all. Who else was in that? What's his name was in it? Pretty Prince Jr. He looked pretty good too. You know, somehow he's liked him. I thought he was like kind of a... I don't dislike him as much as I wanted to. I'm talking about how he looks. I'm talking about his acting. He's adequate. He's okay. I'm really sorry about the fact that we aren't streaming our show right now. And haven't been for many minutes? No. Well, why not? Well, just weren't told him. We'll all go back up again. 62 draft outs. But we're back up. Who did you tell Josh? No, he's out of the room. He's out there screaming and yelling and banging on the door and engineering. You morons. What are you doing to the new Rogers? You're like, you idiot. You lunatics. But you know, you had it right when you suspected it. It probably wasn't on anyone's end. It wasn't on anyone's particular end if you know what I mean. Like something wrong with the line again. I'm a streaming you're talking about? Yeah. Are you sure? No. I wouldn't put anything past that bunch of... I mean, the fact that we go through an entire day last week. In a major market radio station, we can't send a fax. We can't send a freaking fax. We can't send a fax. We can't send a freaking fax. Jesus Christ, they're going to have to get us a new building. You're close to kinko's or staples or something like that. What a kind of goofball, huh? That's a good idea. Maybe if they moved it downstairs or something. That kinko's. If they moved what downstairs? Like, what is downstairs? No, the credit unions gone. What was downstairs now? It was empty for a long time. Just now they remodeled it and they got some world financials, something... I bet they got a fax machine. Probably because it works too. The deadest office downstairs too, probably. And I bet because the deadest has no office too. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. I love your show man. I'm all for science and research and stuff, but the cool thing. I can't figure why. Why do they want to clone animals? I mean, don't we have a shortage of chickens and cows or something? No. I don't know what's going on. I really love your show. And could you play that thing? Could you be the girl from Nipas' Nima? The girl with Npas' Nima? You got a pali. Thank you Neil. Okay if you got him a smoking baby, and he has a faggot too. Done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, that's... Let's see, let's see. The world, the girl with Npas' Nima, who's coming up? Coming up by any moment. I might play a filter or a clock because I'm so nauseated and disgusting with all the stuff that's going on there. Hey Smokey Joe, let me tell you something man, you have really changed my altitude a lot. And a stir with that really crappy lunge too. That's steak. I wouldn't feed that steak to my dog if they were still alive. That would've eaten it though. That's the problem with it. Oh, he would've still not died. My mother killed tiny. You know that. Yeah. Every time we come back from vacation, that dog would have pink retiders, and he'd have that look on his face. By the way, if you guys all stop trying to facts that article about Jared Lido, it's not coming through and it's just tying up the machine. She's got an article about Jared Lido. I want to see it right now. No, no, that's not. Jared Lido naked right on his face. I want to see Ryan Frelip. Now, see that movie was 1997. So that's my right about that. So that's it. I'll tell you where to go. So Ryan Frelip was like 22 when that movie was made. I'm going to tell you, he never looked better in the history of his life. At least I never seen. He looked pristine and clean. And he was speaking like, yeah, I'm supposed to be like a punk. I'm not talking like this or anything funny like that. He, he looked good. I'm coming over saw that before. So Ryan was teens, screen was probably why. Yeah, it was okay. I mean, it was way overdone. And you know, the Zigden Zag. But it was kept you kept you, you know. And then of course he he dies toward the end. But then again, so there's almost anybody else on that movie for you. Who doesn't die is pretty pretty junior. Yeah, and the one chick, what does that who was in it? Jennifer love you. Jennifer loves Sarah Michelle. Yeah, they're. They're. And the two of them were young and pristine with big, uh, shape, uh, Yeah, a couple of boobs. So there's something for everybody in that movie. I saw who you did. I know who you did last summer. Can you imagine that God, I'll might talk about Ryan Frelip. He could do anybody he wanted to basically. He's one of those people in a, There are a few people like that, not too many. Who could do just about anybody they wanted. You know, like Brady Quinn Tom Brady, the Brady bunch. Alice, WQA and hello. QA and hello. Hey, if sorry, I'm your computer. Or you're a taxes. I, I got, I have the same thing in my computer. Went to our Jones dot com. Uh-huh. Yeah. Maybe that's where that smell is coming from. WQA and hello. I'm drinking. WQA and hello. Keep going. QA and. QA. Hello. WQA and hello. Okay. WQA and line nine. Hello. On other things, I have to up again. It's going to stream things. WQA and hello. Oh, new to the juicy. Yeah, I did see. Yeah. Okay. That takes you all the calls for today. 800 and 6 votes on the pool. And I noticed by the way that the crazy colors are way down the list. They're not doing well at all. Can't imagine why. And by the way, thank you so much, Joyce Fitzgerald for your tremendous cooperation to help make this show of what it could be. Okay. To help make it a shadow of what it should be and could be. Because this is the company that refuses to cooperate. We always have this adversarial relationship because they just, it's not that they can't, but they won't. They won't do it. They won't lift up pinky finger, man. And by the way, we're still up and we still like that 62 dropouts. And he liked that. All right. So maybe we've since Jack will have back there in threatened, a George Corsa with death. He threatened to bring out what's his name over from the West Coast. Bob Vermouth. If you guys can't get it straight, now we'll bring a real engineer over. Bob Vermouth. Now he sure did a great job. You should have seen him when he left an Amsterdam. The Dutch engineer guy thought he was going to kill himself. He just left. He just left a Mr. and as you recall, it didn't work worth a crap. Remember the one day I put Rimmer on trying to call me? Oh, yeah. I remember the day you tried. Yeah, Rimmer underwater. Which is not a bad idea. The main reason I listen to Neil is, for a laugh, 33. He's a freaking genius, 305. That's why he works for a bunch of Barbison aguyem with an IQ, the size of your little digit. Those bedtime stories only 39. To hear him suffer 34. Those crazy colors only 29. Want to hear that crap. Because on board 27, a break from all sports, 14. I hate this pool 13 and I hate Neil a dirty dozen. This is Neil Rogers. This is your boy. This is your boy. Good news. Let his head on. We have finally located weapons of mass destruction. It's Dick Cheney. Dick Cheney tried to help out. Next time, Charlie Guy with a helmet. He's so great to women. They shall jump on counter-scheme. But his fears is pregnant again. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have made a formal request to the world's journalist to leave them alone while they're in Africa. If pas help them have a good question. How would you know? Rolling Stones guitarist, Pete Richards, is recovered from a really bad weekend. You saw out of a tree and clashed in the F.C. all the same day. You know what? What about the sheetwave across the country? It's Al Gore, welcome, I'm going to tell you so. While we're playboy, time is at an occult Smith. Maybe pregnant. The bar Jones has been fired from the view effective immediately. Well, legal trouble for pasch, I'm like a Jackson. No, Gibson speaks about the night that changed everything. And as well in President Shulachana's calling, President Bush, the devil. What do you think of me? Then, law that had been a crush on Yikes, Whitney Houston, and it's the moment that pair of Milton died hard fans have been waiting for. Her debut album gets towards today. Florida Congress in Mark Foley, writing a book. The book will be about 400 pages. And how long the book is, but the book will be about 400 pages. The man who the rule, you, is the Crocodile Hunter, was attacked by a stingray. Whether the Bush was so angry, not for you, he's called our celebrities, not to adopt any children from that class. Family Anderson and Kidrock each filed divorce positions from one another. Pretty spares Kevin Federoined divorce could get even scarier. It's a new book called, if I didn't. OJ Simpson details how the killings would have gone down in G. Yeah, anything to do with them. My name is Baudat. In my country, they would go crazy. For these two, not so much. Little African boy Madonna is adopting a ride with a home today. Kid would little intimidating because when he got there, she was hanging on a cross. I'm very, very sorry to the African American community for the upset. I knew the last seven lemon shells that was in the get name. And as you as a turqueter, keeps her job Donald Trump this morning. Said he'd be fully intended to fire her today, but decided not to. Nicole Richie arrested for driving under the influence. Police say she was going the wrong way. Who are those discussed? I mean both insight and you take a look at it. She's a slob. She talks like a truck driver. While music fans around the world are dealing with a sudden loss. Music icon James Brown. The world is a great time. I can't hold the right side. I can't make the turn of time. The second world is a great time. We'll take a couple of kinds. You. A two of the kind. This sounds good to me. In fact, that work I buy one. I'll just smear it all over myself. It's 11.03 and 5.60. We're not to drop it out. Go more on the street. It's up. And it's a lot. Lots impressive. I think that's because Josh went out there and kicked him serious ass. He isn't carrying more now. Now that he's making a big bucks. That's right. He's not holding anything back. He said he has never in his life imagined even dreamed in his worst nightmare. Working with a bigger bunch of do nothing. Slime balls in a QAM. That's what we told me before the show. Tigger. You know, Tigger up in Orlando? From when he the poop? The bouncy side kicked the wild Disney world. When he the poo is in front of the log in. That ticker man. He's always been a problem. All the employees at Disney. Gay. A Disney employee applying the fame cartoon characters under investigation. After a new handshire family accused him of punching their 14 year old son during a home video session at Disney MGM Studios. You go, Tigger. I think that's a great idea. Some of these wise ass punk kids man just haul off and smack him. Is what I say. That a good idea. Right. You know, there's nothing worse than wise acre kids. You know what I'm talking about there? Do I know what you're talking about? Yeah, you do. Why don't you your kids are well behaved? Yeah, but it's the other people's children that really cause a problem. Because you know your kids see it and then they wonder, you know, why they're not a lot of behavior that way and then you have to hit them twice as hard. Oh, what keep doing it? I will. The orange County Sheriff's Office is out there. They said it took me forward from Jerry Monaco's senior. I wonder if he's kind to Joe Mar Sr. or Harold Fisher Sr. or Jim Merrimon's senior. A report from Jerry Monaco or a Dini Irvine senior. From Jerry Monaco's senior, sitting at Tigger's trucker's senior, he's on the head about 12.30 Friday afternoon. You vote, Tigger. Run your side, baby. He felt that Tigger was essentially punched his son and he filed a police reports and he had an attorney Carlos Padilla or is that Padilla? Remember that Jose Padilla who then be a yellow? Run a sheriff. Folksman. Right now the allegations that a battery occurred. Of course we see a little of that family video tape and we see what appears to be a battery. We need to talk all sides to see exactly what happened. Maybe Sally Fitzlawston, maybe it dropped out. It's a good point. Padilla or Padilla identified the man of the Tigger costume as Michael J. Fettelum. 31 of Kassimi. Oh, what a place because Simmy. Fettelum could not be reached for comment set or evening. Padilla said deputies have been to eat food on the new investigation as I'm going. Yeah, I had where the hell's that other comment? See, you thought that once I said I put that blog up there there would be 80's in the comments. That's what Josh told me. Well, we did it today. Did you just start doing it? Yeah. It's a comment. I realized the first one's my first blog and he's not all that's about it. I'm not really sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. I'm not sure about it. The monocos couldn't be reached for comments Saturday at the Greenville Hampshire home, but the father and son told TV reporters, take you through a punch without provocation. At first, I thought he was just getting around and playing around them when he actually grabbed my arm jury, Jr. said. His father said their Disney vacation was marred, it did. You don't come here for this. I mean, Disney's supposed to be a safe place. It's supposed to be a place that you come in and drove with your family. At first, I was upset with my son. He said, I thought he did something to figure, hey, probably need him in the nuts or something like that. But then I reviewed the tape and it's pretty clear for just no reason you've clocked him in the face. How do you like that? He clocked him in the face. That damn figure, yeah. You know, the wonderful thing about tickers and tickers, one thing. The top-sumated a rubber. $852 votes on the pool. I think we'll make our thousands of the inspeadowed the late night and let's start last night. And 13 people hate me. I should have put out hate the alike poison. I like that. Hey, how do you spell that? Just like that. 560, 0560, pound-560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Boy, I'm telling you, we are calm down now on our streaming. We apologize to those people who may be listening online right now. And congratulations on your perspicacious on your perseverance. They kept logging on it. You ought to see all the citizens of people who allegedly have listening online. And the only reason is it's a bogus number because they listen for two minutes to get knocked off and they'd log on again. So it looks like we got a Zidian people listening online today. And up until this hour last few minutes, we don't have anybody listening online. Because once again, kill me and can't get it done. I'm sure that once Josh is full time over there on a QM.com. You're never going to have problems like this. Oh, yeah. You're not eating, are you now? Oh, I see. Big meal here on the show. Does it your last supper? That's right. Wow. This made it. And in the fact that they wouldn't even tell you whether it is or it isn't. I mean, it's not a difficult question. Well, they decided that it is. Josh and Chris decided that it would be. I see. It's like my confabulating with somebody online and ask you like, what county do you live in? Is it brown and like no response? And I'm thinking, is that a difficult question? Huh? You're on the same? There's too much freaking mystery with you online game players, baby. Too much mystery and intrigue. Look at that. The sun just spoke through the fog here, man. Although it's going to start. We're going to start a bit of winter. I hate to break the news to all my fellow Torontoans. But little winners coming. WDQAM Hello. I'm still drink. WDQAM Hello. I've been a fan for over 12 years. Yeah, well, I guess we still hate you like poison. Chronic. Quick trick in that chronic tonic. Race is if you've seen the figure video, no, this is Ray University Dodge. He's really chronic. All this is chronic is what we just had on the phone. The one that should be punched is the father from milking. This, they were posing for a picture and a little horse play in suit. Nobody was punched, but the greedy father should be. Check out the video says, right. So he just horses around right away. They want to make something. They're going to make a big difference to try to get a few bucks out of the Disney. That's probably what it's all about. Okay, thanks Ray and get a life by the way. I have no life. WDQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, this is QAM. Yes, it is. I want Neil to play a continuous loop of Nick Savon says. I'm going to have a care about Nick Savon going. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And get to it, snappy. Yeah. WDQAM Hello. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, the rise in singular wireless line. We're going to take about a, I got a big pile of stuff here and you know what? I don't think I'm going to read any of it. I just, I just don't have the enthusiasm to do it. I've had that my kishki's have been worn out that first hour did it. That was like doing a 60 hour marathon at first hour. But we are up on streaming now. We had only 62 dropouts in the first hour. I'm going to tell you, dropout is the word. If you want to know about our management middle level upper middle, you want to know about the Beesley dropout is the word. As in that dropout from school, I'm talking about like dropout from the human race like that. Or maybe like dropout of the tree in between strumming on the banjo and picking your nose. Now what thought was I supposed to play all the girl with the infosimics? Excuse me, I'll get to it. Yeah. 1113. I think another one, Gary Sarner. There's another genius. Yeah. You're doing it, baby. Let me tell you. I'm going to do it there. Yeah. Why would I forget all about it? Because my old time was just kicking it. There it is. Then gets in the astro-jilberto. Astro-jilberto. When she smogs, she's like the chimney. She's like a chute subplot, some smash, some nasty, that when she passes, she passes, got single. Oh, but she wants to quit badly. Coffee, got picked up, jockey, langa. Yeah. She would keep them up badly. But it's time when she has to go pee. She seems on the can and life free. Shocked and pain and secret. The girl with empathy, my girl smoking. And when she passes, she smiles. We big yellow teeth. Oh, but the room is so smoking. Oh, but the room is so smoking. How can she tell when she's going? Yeah, she would keep them up badly. But it's time when she has to go pee. She seems on the can and life free. Shocked and pain and secret. The girl with empathy, my girl smoking. And when she flashes, that's my, we big yellow teeth. And then can I meet? She just can't breathe. He's only always. Can I have a life please? 20 past 11 at 5.60 QM. So Russell Factson says, The New York City National Gas Males coming from the massive oil refineries in north Jersey, which always smell like rotten eggs. And we grab the Jersey Turnpike. Yes, I have us. And Jersey stinks. It smells. It wreaks. I've Southwest wind in the area for the past few days is carried the pollution of the streets of Manhattan. No big deal. No big Simis. And here's one somebody fetched in for the poll. I was in the ill because he speaks the truth. Right. Put that on there. He speaks the truth. They can't handle the truth, but I speak the truth. As ugly and nasty as it is to our management to a South Florida, the chamber of commerce, I tell you the way it is. It's not always a pleasant thing. The truth. A lot of people would rather hear BS, you know. Sure. That's why a lot of people would rather just, you know, like, kind of game. Funny games. Funny games. They're coming in. Funny games. So where do you know? Oh, I'm in Africa. I'm on your range. I'm in Philadelphia. I'm a ticker of the tiger. 800-99 votes in the pool. We've got the thousandth. What were you worried about for Christ's sake? 965 friends in my space. Now I forget our goal by the end of January to get to a thousand. I think we can do that now. Right. I don't know why that's our goal. I just made it up. You know, it's fun having a goal in life. You know, like you said, when you hear the sound from city, Pulse in the morning, you know, I reach my goal. I got up again the next day. That's right. Why do you say that? It's a little warm and fuzzy. You make me feel like I'm on a verge of death or something. It's a, by so a photo stand, it's still a teenager for Christ's sake. Well, that's true. 64 is old. I'm not even old enough to get the early birds. So far, I don't believe. WQA, I'm hello. How very sad. WQA, I'm hello. 5, I'm sorry. WQA, I'm hello. Thank you. QA, I'm a warm. Yes. I'm on the problem with being honest. Speaking of truth, is you'd be called crazy. Yeah. Right? What does that mean? Well, look at you, Francis. Look at me. What? Yeah. Okay. That was really good. Had a lot of good material there, man. Look at you, for instance, huh? Crazy. Crazy is a bed bug. That's why twice a month when I put that deposit in the bank. Crazy. Crazy like a fox. Crazy. Slipper. 896 votes on the pool. Look at that. He speaks the truth. He's already got a pair. That's what the last guy said for those who are not trying to interpret what he was talking about. Just like that. No material. Why should he be different from anybody else? Right. Sorry to put that on his bonus. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. That's right away. And I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving. My Thanksgiving. Max, but tell us who raised it. It's time to throw it. Oh, wait a minute. I'll take it for a minute. My phone's ringing. Oh, okay. Maybe it's important. So we'll see you Josh. I'll see you around the building. I know you're like right across the hall, right? Where are they moving you? I think I'm going to be in the bullpen. But here's the funniest thing. Tell me. We don't know. Oh, I say. I said, hey, uh, Clarence, where am I going to be sitting? And he's like, I don't know. There are a lot of, uh, just the common answer. Hey, don't need to be in school. The question was the concierge. I have a FedEx downstairs. Oh, we'll get it later. Probably that package I said you for here. Which is about what it is. It's got nice. And the board at movie, Jack has number two, which is funnier than any of us. You know, the best and a present from suds, uh, little keychain that I think that you'll find, uh, It's a little bit of a line of the leap. Philippe? No. I'd sure like to have that. And then something else that I'll listen to, but I forget what it was and other movie or something. Oh, my God, wait, tell you here this. When you just vaccinated me. So I hear. Government contractors, CACI, cocky, international link. And there's a lot of bankruptcy court approval to proceed with this defamation lawsuit against liberal talkway. Do you know where Kaira America and one of its host Randy Rhodes. How do you like that? Oh, not the goddess. Oh, you vey. What? What? I'm a Randy. What? Are you listening to me? No. A federal bankruptcy court in New York rule Thursday. The case could proceed despite the fact that they are America's Fouper, chapter 11, bankruptcy production. Under federal law, legal proceedings against the company are frozen when the company declares bankruptcy. CACI, international asked the bankruptcy court in November to allow its case to go forward and argue that it claims against skeramer, her covered by an insurance policy. Any damages would be paid out of that policy and not from the company's assets. The company sued our American, its parent company, P.C. L.L.C. as well as Rhodes in the fall of 2005 for defamation. The suits then from comments she made August 25th and 62005 on a video show. According to the complaint she accused CACI employees of raping and murdering Iraqis of Indians at Abu Ghara prison claims that the CACI said were false and defamatory. They're seeking a million dollars in compensatory damages and 10 million imputed damages and air America's spokeswoman to climb to come in on the lawsuit. They got problems where it's skeramerica. U.S. district court dismissed the case, but cacky appealed that ruling. The bankruptcy court decision laws that they appealed proceed. Aero America declared bankruptcy October 13, but a company spokeswoman said last month it was supposed to reach a deal with a buyer. Our Clinton Virginia based cacky, cacky, is an information technology consulting firm against most of its revenue from government contracts. A subsidiary company provided to bid interrogators for the military and Iraq. The company acknowledges from place and approaches the first tree. How do you like that? What are you thinking in? 9 every vote seems to be on the poll. How do you like that? 900 even. The main reason I listen to meals for laughs, 373 is a freaking genius tree, 3333. Those bedtime stories, 44, 10 years, I'm suffer 39, the crazy college 34 and they are. Pondrous, crazy and unacceptable. I'm bored 31. That's why I listen to it. Well, we kill some good time for it. I hate this poll 15. I hate Neil 14. It's a break from all sports 14 and he speaks the truth. You get a lot of it. All right, Neil Rogers on sports old radio, W-U-A-L-O-O. Coming up tonight, we're inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They topped the charts with a upbeat little number about a very particular sexual fantasy. They didn't even give a crap that it was scientifically impossible. They were the winner girls. This song is an abomination against God. Reverend Peter Bence is a fire and grunge-dome preacher who believes the weather girls in 1880s. Isn't a fascination against God? I just said that. Sorry. For God has sent many planes rain from the sky. Blood, fire, even frogs. But for the sky to deposit men into the waiting hungry sweaty lowens of moistened harlocks is nothing but... An abomination against God. Testify a brother. Now I tell you if and I mean if the all powerful did decide to rain men upon this earth, it would not be a simple festival of lust. No, it would actually be very dangerous. It would go something like this. All right. The horror. And the weirdest thing brothers and sisters is that somehow this blasphemous old dephramis purity very quickly became an anthem for the homosexual. May I quote Corinthian 613 for the Prophet did say, the gaze like this thing go figure. The winner girls. If loving them as wrong, I don't want to be right. It's a big juice of sobbing with look at your business. Tonight on his side of the body. It's raining men and they all look like Ryan Khalifa and I know who you did last summer. Whoo. I got to go outside. 970 votes by buddy Mike Huppet FSU from Cooper City because they have FSU in us in his online. He's not in a very good mood today because he's been trying to listen and he's really a peoed about it real bad. Not too happy. Hang in there, Mike. Just hang. 63 drop-offs. But that's only once since like an hour ago. And it's up. It's up and run and now we're streaming at baby. I'm going to do a couple of minutes. I give up. What are you going to decide? Jump off the window. I'm going to eat my lunch right here on the ear since the jaw and your hand. It was usual. Well since we're all enjoying our fair while lunch for the first court of today. Maybe. Now is it for sure that tomorrow you're going to be out of there. What about Chris? How's Chris doing over there? He's doing good. He left. He'll be here tomorrow. Good job by Chris. Yeah, I guess. Wow. That did he get back? No Chris. Did we get him some food for his trouble? No, he didn't want any. I asked. Oh, he's not going to be doing a very good job. Anybody that is involved with this show and doesn't want to eat a lot of free food? What he looks like he's a lot of free food. Is he fat? Yes. Oh, no. Anyway, I'm going to be in a couple of weeks here in a minute. They're in the flavor wave right now. All right. And I got my French's mouth stirred here. My mouth is flavored wave. Every Saturday. It's flavor wave bacon Saturday because it comes out perfect. It's a routine thing now. It does? Yeah, we are. Cooks evenly. All the grease strips off of it. Well, you're talking about wheel bacon. Nothing. Yeah, no, no, no, real. Because my mind is. You hear me eating every morning before the show. It's not standing. Now look. I was just going to ask you what conch kniter. What you can't get it there. It's Canadian. Oh, no wonder. Because every microwave bacon I get. Oh, it was stepped on there sucks. The only good one I found is Schneiders. And it's, uh, yeah, well, you'll come up here and get some. Or you just send some down. No. 924 votes in a full. I'm going to have a couple of weenies right here on the ear during the show. Wow, with my French is a yellow moustard. Yeah, the flavor wave is great. I use it almost every single day. Now what company did you get that from? I remember that one guy who was in the heaven and nervous breakdown at one day, like they're writing a book. Everybody's writing a book. That'll be a good book. Yeah. The good book says five six seven. Oh, five sixty. I may go out and get new one. When you hear that beep, beep, you know, how on the flavor wave is done. Cooking. And the good thing about the flavor wave is even when the cooking time is done. Yeah, it goes like, when the cook time is done, it's still the elements still stays on and it comes on every known and so it keeps the food warm on. Right. It is a fine machine. W 2 a m. Hello. I'm. W 2 a m. Hello. Q a m. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was wondering. No, we're 12 is that the same one. Wow, could have fooled me. Well, Chris, you know, Chris actually fades in faster than you do. Remember when you are in vacation that week? Then, Tahoe. Oh, yeah. Think it like about a half a half a word out. It's like, they just disappear. Well, we'll have to make him the new board up of the show then. I won't wait. I'm going to go get my weenies. Do you like it? I don't know if he goes. So when we last left this conversation, you didn't know what office you were going to be operating out of. I think I'm going to put you in the bullpen. They've already got like bunk desks in there. I'm thinking maybe they're going to give me like a mini desk. And they don't be up against the wall. I see. You know, you could always use the other side of Alice in desk. Because I mean, she didn't think it could get any worse. That's what we're looking at. Guess what? Yeah, two people per desk in the bullpen. Oh, yeah, you're going to be sitting in somebody's lap and there. Double duty. You're going to be sitting in Alice's lap. Yeah, my monster here. Can you hear it? I can hear it. I'm thinking around. Now do you hear or do you dip? I swear it all over the wiener man. There we go. And then I take my knife and I like even it out. You know what I mean? Absolutely. So it's like nice and there we go. There we go. Clumping in. You know, I want to have a mustard deposit. You know, the good thing about the flavor while. And when you host something, you know, like this. Yeah. It's like it was cooked in your grill. Yeah. And the other good thing is that, you know, since it's clear and all lit up and you can see how far along your food is coming. It's nice and because some people that are very paranoid about raw chicken like like some of us, who got served raw chicken a lot as a kid. Thanks, mom. Can can satisfy themselves that it's nice and burnt before they get into it. Well, I'll be damned. So this is our farewell lunch with Judge court as we think. Sure. Thanks. I mean, he may or may not have a place to sit when he moves over to qm.com. He might just have to move on to the other side of the little card table that we have over here on the side. So we have a place to squeeze in. And if Chris isn't one of those five minutes of one taller free food, you can come in and have to free food every day instead of him. I probably still will be. Yeah, we got to support. We got to train really well. I want to store. I guess mad dog is a cafe of why, huh? Yeah. Hmm. See, now this feels more like at home, you know? Okay, I can do it for you to hear me eat on the ear. Right? Yeah, I haven't been doing that. 189 by the way, in the scare this morning. Not too bad. That's good. Oh, it's not great, but I mean, I just can't break through that level. I don't know what it is. Hmm. Maybe it is a few times far away. Yeah. Yeah. That wasn't me. What was that? Hmm. So what? I was a judge. Where can fuel salt's going to call any second now? Okay. Seems got her. Can't get rid of me. It's a crazy person. Yes, he is. So you tell the truth, people are going to think you're crazy, Neil. Look at you. Look at me. Not too happy with what I see. The reason main reason I wasn't the 1131 votes. We got to 1000, look the easy man. You are such a negative, too, a little, you know. Why does goes, just guys, Joe Bell called you on Friday and live to you. No, actually, he repeated everything that he said to you behind my back. Yeah, they did things that are coming here. Uh-huh. And the tapes are better. There are going to be any tapes because there isn't going to be any extension. There isn't going to be any Neil working for days a week and forget about it. He can rot. Hmm. The main reason I wasn't the Neil for last 384. Or should get in the future today. I'll tell you that. He's a freaking genius, 340 underlined the freaking part. Those bedtime stories, 45. Tyrion's suffer 41. Worse you're here in plenty of that today. The crazy collar is 35. I'm bored 35. I hate this pull 15. It's a great for most sports 15. I hate Neil 14. My poison. Ah, that's a bad bad bad. And he tells the truth. He speaks the truth. Seven. Solomon, they see it thing. Only seven. But then let's go to go zooming up the list. I think it will. Let me ask you to this. Okay. Do you think that if one of these two individuals, if they like put me down as a friend again, open up their profile so I could like confabulate with them? You think I would do that? Yes. Sorry I should have taken more time to think about that. Think about during the break. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I see you thinking. Yes. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Goodbye. Sit down. Okay. So what you're done? That ought to show you why. It's like he's born out. I'm not a leather man. Even if it wasn't you. Who would have taken something? But open up you just with the facts. We like to be retarded. Just like our mighty leader who's a drunkard mental case. If you'd have never been there in the first place. And the soldiers who are offered for a more than welcome to attack us of King. We need more than sins. Poor fortune is already a little friend. And don't be this close to you now that you're in. You better put in peace with back on the table you've bitch. And have me be just a city jelly thing. Wow. You like it. Look in 4614 they'll known. So Miami man responds to my vlog. Okay. And says I feed your pain. I myself don't exist. Can I be in your will now? Absolutely. Nice gone Miami man. Excellent. Right. Nice job. Any answer is no. But I do feel a lot of pain. It's mostly Papa Joe Bell's pain. Old Smokey Joe. 950 on a pool. 950 WBBF and Rochester. Maybe the home of the busy bees. Joe Dean. And Nick. Somebody. Oh boy. It's really bad when all the years go by and you forget the name of the Nick Nixon. That's what his name was. Nick Nixon. What a memory. Who? Wow. And there was Warren Doremas on WHEC. And Bob Turner on WHEC. Let's go back to Rochester. What do you say? Not. I have to laugh at all these people who reminisce. You know, I mean, you know, it's this fun reminiscing a little bit. The way they take the past and twist it in the miniature as if, you know, like Rochester was some great city like with somewhat of a bit of a, I mean, if it was what it was and what it is now you don't want to know from. Well, I'll tell you one thing man. The fog. Maybe it's just my window. Maybe if I would like go out on the balcony and shmere off my window. Okay. And it would look so foggy and depressing. I think because it looks to me like there's a little bit of blue sky and little sunshine. They don't have a lot of snow more than no more. That's free time warm. The off north now. They don't have the window washers that you're building. Yeah, they do, but they have this habit of falling off. 40 degrees right now. That's not so bad for the January. It's going to be 41 42 something like that. And they're saying maybe a little snow for me to say, no, no snow. No more snow. All your kids out there waiting to see snow forget about it too late. Not going to snow. No, no, no. WQAM. Hello, except in Denver. QAM. Oh man. WQAM. Hello. And finally line 9 QAM. Okay. There they are. There they are. Pass it around back and forth side by each. Nice going. Jersey Joe Smoky Joe. You're really doing it for us, man. You are really. I should play music last two hours today. You know. All right. I really should. Based based on the fact that they just, they, they, they, they don't think they can't have to send it very best. They won't say anything. They won't do anything. These people. These are just, uh, inseparable bass thought of grosses. What they are ridiculous. 5, 6, 7. Here's my last call. See if we're going to get any real colors today. We're trying to out and you do understand why. There's a lot of people. You know, with the holidays and everything. This is the beginning of the, see, you thought it was last Tuesday. So did I, but it wasn't surprise. Yeah. No, seriously. This is the beginning of going back to real reality. And the kids are even back in school yet. Right. They, yes, Broward. They, yes. And of course, in. No way. Well, Broward, but they're going to learn their anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Especially now that they got no more. Pumpernix. What are you going to learn in Broward for crying out loud? Uh, if you old people steal the silverware and he has Sweden low and the roles and the deal pickles. You know, those old bags that's, that stuff that deal pickles in their purse with all they hear and then throw jam in. Oh, man. I'm going to be a real appetizing when you get home. Trying to gum on the pickles from Pumpernix. Didn't even use it like a little zip lock bag in there. Wouldn't surprise me. Here's a message from Phil. He says Joe Bella is an A whole. If he thinks tapes are better than George. Have they done enough damage to the program in the past few years with all the time, slot changes. Firing Joe Rose. Putting Galdi on here. Seems like the program managers are work at trying to screw things up. Still. Absolutely. You got it. Yeah. It takes my, I still don't ever be any more of the stupid best of tapes. This is Joe Bell's nimble mine at work again. Wow, you know, the audience wants to hear Neil when they turn out to fret like an December time when I'm not there three days a week and when we still are number one by a mile and beat the whole out of the other segments on the station by a mile. Got them pulled. Now this is a guy who just doesn't like you on here. That's all. Go to the railroad. Well, I'm sure Greg probably, you know, giving me talking to it. So, oh, George, you don't want him on there. You don't kill the ratings and you can't sell the show when George is on. Bye. I like that. I can't say it's a mood point. There are no negotiations going on. They were not going to be any. And, you know, for once in my life, I'm going to butcher up. See, the problem with me is that I will admit it. I'm weak. Just like this thing with all this online craft, man. I'm weak. In the case of the online stuff, as you know, and I make no apologies for it, I'm a sucker for a toothpaste. That's all I mean, that's me, you know. You're a daily one. Of course not. If it was just me, I'd say, wow, live. What's wrong with me? Well, everybody is. There are most people are anyway. Some people are a little bit wiser than that. They've had some bad. They've been burned to many times. That's right. Scard. They've put their hand on the stove too many times. They don't want to get burned again. And in the case of this place, I keep saying, well, I got two years to go. And then keep extending and misunderstanding. I'm not going to work until I croak. I don't give a crap. Who's in my will? I'm going to have me a good time, whatever, a couple of weeks or years or 20 years. I got, who the hell is what it is, minutes? Well, we'd like to have you to work until you're croak. And we're going to do everything we can to make sure that that the croaking day comes soon rather than later. You're working real hard on it, smoking. You're what I tell you that right now. And then lunch still suck. Super good though, but the rest of the terrible week. And the company. Ooh. WKWAM. Hello. WKWAM. WKWAM. Hello. WKWAM. Hello. WKWAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. WKWAM. Hello. They're the apartment. They're the apartment. Oh, somebody by the way emailed me, Algrolstein's website or email. Something. Not website obviously, his email address. I'm going to get a hold of him. I think I deleted it. Not that I don't like Al, but it's just, you know, what was the point at this point? I'm a fat Jew. Not a spam anymore. But I've actually, I've actually Israel's slim now. And we don't eat for years at a time. Right? WKWAM. Hello. Hey, nearly. I saw a clip that Kiddagat smack him. I think he was any kid over 12 getting the picture with Tiggered. Did they have a smack in the head anyway? Look like he should be taking the short bus for school. OK. Thanks. 560, 560. What does this have to do with Nick Saban? That's the obvious question that's on the mind of South Florida and everywhere. What's he's got to do with Nick Saban? He turned on us. He abandoned us. Screw you. WKWAM. Hello. Hey, nearly. It's not going to be that gambling. Joystick. Call me. I saw this. WKWAM. Hello. KWAM. Hello. Now, those show me standing. The future of ratings is when you do croak on the air. That's when they're getting it all ready. Yeah. Hold your breath, pal. You'll head right now. Kishmuck. WKWAM. Hey, Neil. Good morning. Good morning. Listen. I just wanted to tell you since I've been listening to your show. Talk to one. My male pattern. My male pattern. My male pattern. Has completely reversed itself. Yeah. My male pattern. My mom. Your male pattern. What's it again? You will say. What male pattern. My mom. Right. You've already. Your ball is has reserved it. Where? Well, maybe they'll drop back down again someday. That's, you know, safe prayer. Maybe he's got one descendant testicle like a gilding. Maybe that's what it is. In fact, maybe he knows gilding. WKWAM. Hello. KWAM. WKWAM. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? How long is it? How many are you? I'm fine. Yes, hang on. Okay. What are you doing? I like when one of the guys are going to die. It's kind of like Mark Bowley within the house. Yeah. That's your idea, Schmuck. Oh, God. Is he clever or what, huh? Boy, I never want to thought of that with you. No. So let me ask you one thing. Do you like it? Yeah. Wow. 157 votes on a pool. Man, I'm going to tell you. South Florida. I wouldn't wish it on anybody. I wouldn't wish it on Elmer foot. Elmer Snaggress. The main reason I listen to Neil is for last. 3.92. He's a freaking genius V47. Those bedtime stories, 47. Tiram Suffer 41. The crazy car 37. Because I'm boarded it at 35. I hit this pool 13 only 1.5% 15. It's a break from all sports 15. He speaks the truth 14. And I hate him. I hate Neil 14. I hate Neil 14. People are saying, right now, hate me like poison by the can't shut it off. Older way. That's where you to croak on the air. As that what it is. Like a frog. Hurt. I'm dying on the air. Yeah, that would be good if I had like a massive stroke on the way down the floor. I could just reach out just with my little finger and just hit. I'm dying on the air. And then sound a hit on the floor. Yeah, they're never going to get what a good way to go. What is that scripted? Let's find it out. Here's a clearance in the smokey geore working on that right now. And doing a hell of a job, by the way. WQA in Hello. QA in Hello. Oh, Neil. Please. QA in Hello. No. Yes. Oh, you're really. Get my focus. Oh, God's a mush. WQA in Hello. And. Out. QA in Hello. I'm afraid to ask you. I'm afraid to ask you. Ah, no. Oh, man. The desperado is baby. They're worked up into a frenzy. I think that music idea, something I'm going to liberate all during it. Now what were you saying? You were supposed to liberate in the last break. Whether I would respond to a, you know who and you know who. You know what I mean. Ohhh. Yeah. Yeah. Answering a lot of the same. First of all, these are one of those people who's going to do that. You do understand that, I do understand. I do understand that because the whole concept with this thing is once you shut somebody out It's you've got the power it's the frustration factor you can't get to to me I'm gonna change my number. I'm gonna change my shoe size. I'm gonna change my capsize I'm even gonna change my size. How do you like that? This is pretty quick whenever I change my balls. I listen to the heel rodgers 12 to one hour And But he had a clothes call, and the society ball took us three car one way with the girl from King Company But I'd die for a door, and she was looking for a minute of time a day Because she says, what's minimum wage? She was gonna be a nucked-up, just right didn't we? Did I not have my intention and drove a model to you? She thought that after pro, or did you ever meet? But she knows that nothing happens, nothing happens All right, this is our children and children We've been working every child's interest But you've got the faith they need, we're doing best There was no TV and no I love the scene She's still pretty occupied 19, 19, 19, 20, bye The crowd has the police, public and we're gonna party and party Like a well ahead of pots and all the other And the weather's nice, the weather's nice And the weather's nice, the weather's nice, the weather's nice She knows all the classic, she knows every line She posts gone with the wind, drinking, I'm making fun She did the Charles Dunn, do do galling, can Or hire a mudwood world, when she crept up the mountain bar She bore it out there, like a fapper She could have no maker, she got the challenge showed Like children, we're in steam She'll never happen to have it, there's a girl I don't know, I'm sorry She knows that children and children We've been working every child's interest She's still pretty occupied The weather's nice, the weather's nice, the weather's nice And no I love the scene She's still pretty occupied 19, 19, 20, bye 19, 19, 25 Woo-hoo Woo-hoo We're about 10 years too late Yeah, back when things were great Plenty was present then Okay, was innocent But we could still see friends And do the same blood, man Barely had it in turn then We're still with no spanish Never heard about been rotten Was it was always in the black We still care about the gun And none of us need that chance And all that freak you say Yeah, you could take your big Like a quissent from God, no cell phones No things don't know I find play no issues Or booty that brandy wasn't cutie there With a land that's more set And Julius went from my life We're smashing the Beatles' tripe cashin But something quite feels right since 19, 19, 19, 19, bye 19, 19, bye 19, 19, bye Woo-hoo You know the riot And with me they beat the pants on great need We still had some easers But also there was we still in lead And so we'd be hoggins Yeah, she was good for gonggins I wonder if she survived that 19, 19, 19, 95 Woo-hoo 2,000 for sure sucks Victory will have more luck I can see it now I've lived out pure metal But even by the cure For that guy might go more When you feel your SUV That cash will all be free Even when it was fucked our taxes Depends if it's will still go down And rather we'll not use taxes O summa will be bound I know we will be paid Throughout the Middle East All these will graduate and queer eyes Will be So straight please let it be breakier I cheer her hated this year Don't eat fours arts, elections And no more flu infections T.E. will be cleaner And scar jones will be cleaner Let's all look down The bright light is 2,000 In 2005 Okay, it is the 12.05 I thought this story wasn't going to be a friend of it But now it's pretty known Excellent Look at that on the slow side That's probably because it's from the hero Here's a good news for all you drunk drivers The average is my hero though Here it is About 300 drug driving cases in Broward County WHAAAA Could be thrown out following a state of pellet For rolling that improper maintenance of the alcohol Breath test machines Wenders the results in admissible Well The fourth is required of a PLA pellet judge Is really tossed out in taxilizer results in a DUI case Because the machine of the test in with tap water Instead of distilled water The FDLE requires that the breath test might be FDLE requires that the breath test machines Use distilled water The FDLE attorneys argue that tap water may Screw the results but the both the Grower Sheriff's Office and they be pleased to Broward use tap water to test their machines So if you had a DUI Kind of like turned your life upside down For a while to bat your screws Unless you want to be current 300 pending ones I like that Well what do you know I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 30 seconds tomorrow 30 seconds why What do I call it? Mission tomorrow That's okay You like it? Well the headline of a story is Mission tomorrow I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I hate this for 15 Please. Oh, yes, what? I hate those for 15 too. I like that. Like poison WQAM, hello Hello, Mr. Neil. Yes Could you play What what is that? Could you play? What is that? Now, would you have nothing to say? Oh, no, it's one that you haven't played in a while And since you're playing the fart sounds again I figured you can play this bit again Who says we're playing fart sounds again? The Raspberry Zenda Yeah, what is that? My in-of- Yeah, you're in. This is exactly right. That's just what I was thinking when I heard your voice I thought my aching ain't Okay Wow 560 and pound 560 and the Verizon singular writer's on Maybe I'll play that What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with it. I don't think so Nothing wrong with a Joyce mine having a resident Too bad Joyce. Joyce doesn't run this show She does nothing for this show except interferes and try to do everything It her power and my earth while attorney He's in back there with this finger deep inside his echo Some young guys I'm going to tell you something Norma You ought to be raising a holy hill Writing a letter, make it a phone call That's not going to get the job done These people need to be a block to justice You know what I'm saying? I don't hear say And for justice, we better get a hold of That's right for somebody The guy there on our my space pays us like done call you on to me WQA and hello Hi I'm a entertainer WQA and hello QAM Hello Hey, what are you? Okay I went to a while I went to a while What are you talking about? What are you talking about? I want another neighborhood to WQA and hello QAM I've got a wall in M ROOOOOO WQA and hello That's a poopy It's a what? Oh Kaka WQA and hello WQA and hello Yes, I saw Rocky 37 yesterday And He lost I'm going to ask the waste there money in our time on it Piece of crap Slice the load Is this guy got talent? No, he's garbage He just turned 90 by the way He got a lot of money 567 Come on, keep coming Maybe you can do it right up till 2 You can do it right up till 2 You can do it right up till 2 I can start tomorrow we're doing the music format All right Oldies, oldies, something new There's a different avoid for that in the market Got all these great jingles I think it was a trap There are traps All right, back and say oh yeah, it's a beastly He's there when he's dying Of course I already saw it I'm going to be a home here The most music I've come on you You can play him Oh, we got so many jingles man Might as well put him to use What a waste having sitting there in the DCS And now the Chris is going to be starting tomorrow Right? Yeah, we don't want to have to put a lot of pressure on him on the very first official day on the jump Assuming that Josh is actually going over to the other son Over to the other side I am It's official now Well, like I said Claren said for Chris and I to decide and we decided tomorrow Let's stop prolonging this Right for Chris and I to decide Well, what would it say mean me like I have to show him a few things and I know he knows Yeah, that's why you ran out of there. You should have said it I don't want to see it Stop what you think show him a few things Oh brother didn't expect that color Oh brother talk about another shade of pale. Good for him right now The angry thing must have been coming in a middle-end demonstration 990 people it's we're going to have a thousand votes by the end of the break which really makes me feel I like it You got it the man's dog is back singing more to went on the candid scene Are you doing too Over number eight is back pairing off with the great singing more Think it was even more six stars the mad dog does them on Oh Oh Oh Oh It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man And truth is finding out that humanity was truly the fifth people Now you're getting saved you always and we say don't be a bad man I'm sorry Here's a bad dog's and her touching tribute to the king Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh The mad dog was just a little and vivid when we asked him if he wanted to do it again Now I don't think so So we had look at Razi Pamela and tell of either his brains or his signature would wide up on the contract That's some of the fish Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh If you will quickly Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh All the musical the time. I'm playing music. You'll feel too inclined All right I'm not asking. I'm telling and I don't really know It's not a question of like all right or like Oh right No, that's a pretty Well, I mean I'm sitting here, you know, evaluating this whole Joe Bill business and I'm thinking to myself, you know, we've been over these many, many years. You know, with some real losers, losers and losers. And this guy, he just, he don't get it. I mean, you know, he's been 45 minutes on the phone. This is on the heels of that very important lunch, you know, with Bruce Beesley and Norma and all us other crap. And you spew your guts out and you tell them what you need and what you want and what life is all about. And better beep, better beep, better beep, better beep. Oh, yeah, sure. Hey, pal, you know, and then after 45 minutes on the phone, I was like, well, I don't know what to tell you. I know what to tell you. The main reason I listen to Neil is for a last 411. He's a freaking genius, 362. Those bedtime stories, 50. To hear him suffer, 43. I'm bored, 41. I can understand. The crazy caller's 39. He speaks the truth, 32. A break from all sports, 17. I hate Neil, 15. And I hate this pool. Only 15. Only 1. 1%. Hi, hi, is that thing real? You know, the guy I'm in just was a mice style. So I began working nightstanders, a janitor, and a soul office building. Just to keep this one, I guess. He's a little mental weight. And okay, there's a big cheese now. Hey, how you doing? And I, hey, where you going? I do, and you have it a pretty tough night. Yeah, yeah. Good night. Nice. You're going to watch him and watch the game in me? Yeah, I'm going to cross the street, free pizza at beer night over there. I'm pretty tough day, but I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah, well, I'm just going to listen to an old radio here and tennis. Kind of shaking. I'm going to get a big screen color TV over there. It's a best picture of a big screen color. Great picture. I heard I did. Well, I sure like to be. You know, that all my work done. It's all really good. You're all done. Yeah, you suppose maybe I could? Well, I'll tell you what. Maybe I could. I got my BMW and the garage. I got a plopoop, and a great one there. I could pick up the... You can drive me anything. No, no. I gave my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wicket stand in the back seat. Yeah, but this is what's up. I can probably clean it up with Simonized. I'll be back at about two hours and maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza, okay, Dad? Well, that was a thanks lot. I hear my keys and I'll be careful of the strikes at car. I'll be back at about two hours. Yeah, I can. You're not going to bring... Well, you're ungrateful. You're... You're... You're... You can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful. You... You have to... I'll take your... And stay in BMW and run that mother, try to into the damn living life. You're worth nothing but someone's attention. Jack, it's good. Sorry, we're real families. Big face. This message brought you by the National Curseing Foundation. And remember our motto. Go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself. She can't tell you yesterday. She's got what it takes. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She got what it takes. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She does. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She does. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She will use it. She doesn't use it. She knows how to use it. She knows how to use it. She doesn't use it. And she knows how to use it. That's a looser. Got some bad news from the start. Mary Jane is in a family wait. Where he heard his grand auto wheel have two mums. The jelly fell black he been shatter the face. The servant is fun and fun. He came and said she's pregnant. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh once again, we produce the free producers on the Ooh, Open Up, Oh, oh , Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hush, hush, woo, woo woo woo, woo woo, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm so sober cuz I'm flying on top of the trouble over the. I'm playing a game called Family Bar I have to call the team what I would see That kind of girl who I would like to ride on a shipwreed They're coming down the South of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North My heart will fly in the arms But I have to run against you Down, I like to roll my boat And back, I like to move to the land I like to make a roll round And the A-Lay, and all my dogs in They get around, who will run against me And the North of the North, too I can't stand through a long haul And the North of the North, too You never know where to end me When you start to have a fight I'm a very sweet, but tell it to me The sky at the call is far And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, on thatAT And the North of the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too And the North of the North, too Welcome to the North of the North, yes And start the North of the North And more importantly, moving over As they do tomorrow at the Eanya the North of the South of Naj nur And they do tomorrow and their nation will never accept paradise yet free! And find negro Sic I'm going to die, I can't go on fire It's nearly one family left behind It's just right, it's just right Got it to be home, by the morning light I got no faith, you're by the train I'm going to be drowning in the pouring rain It's just right, it's just right Got it to be home, it's just right Right, right, right, it's just right Right, right, it's just right Long before the cold, I got to be He's on his loneliness on my way It's just right, it's just right Got it to be home, it's just right Got it to be home, it's just right Got it to be home, it's just right Got it to be home, it's just right Good you're by the train, good you're by I'm always alone from my favorite side I'm just a girl and I'm right right right It's you right I'm just a girl and I'm just a girl It's you right right right right I'm just a girl and I'm just a girl and I'm just a girl I'm just a girl and I'm just a girl I'm just a girl and I'm just a girl Speaking of that, why the hell do they need to be makes a hit your head? No. You're out of ideas. What? What's your goal? W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. We're here hopping in the time machine. Hold on. Won't you come along and j- No. Here's the golden bacon on the WQAM. Right now! I told him to... Yeah! I made it wonderful! WQAM in Miami! Most music! WQAM! WQAM! Oh, oh, right! I'm singing and writing the middle of a good dream. I know that once I wake up from something that keeps knocking at my brain, you're fairly. Before I go insane, I hold my pillow with you in my head and spring up in my bed. Spring me out the words I've read. I've been caught up here. I know. I've been well-loved. This morning, I woke up with this feeling. I didn't know how to deal with. And so I just decided to myself. I'd hired it to myself. And never talk about it. And did not go in shouting when you walked into the night. I think I love you. For my soul, I'm afraid of the prison. I'm not sure. I'm a fair and so pure soul. I've got to be here. I think I love you. If it's not what's left in fail, you like it or it's what it means to say. You're not never filled this way. I don't know where I'm up again. I don't know where it's all done. I don't know much to think about. Hey, I think I love you. For my soul, I'm afraid of the prison. I'm not sure. I'm a fair and so pure soul. I think I love you. If it's not what's left in fail, you like it or it's what it means to say. I never filled this way. It means me. You really don't have to worry. I don't know where I'm up again. And it's just taking away how will. But I think there's still a better way around. I think I love you. I think I love you. Well, I sure love him. I'll tell you that. Very proudly. But that's a long time ago. That's another era and another age. Anyway, hey, David, you're fair. Come on. It's chapter one. At 5.60. I'm a little format change here today. No, something we might like enough. And my continue all week long. You never know. Was Jayl and out to that. We're here. That whole last segment there. You jam on it. Just as Josh, man. Oh, it was a one man karaoke show in here. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Well, you're good. Because we want you to go on in your last day with a big smile on your face. You know? Are you going up with a big smile on your post? He's a good one. He's a good one. Big fans, you're on your big fat post. 125 votes on a poll. We're not to a bad on there. I don't know what this line really means. Maybe if he's playing to me, it's the new year. Are your feet hurting? No. What? Oh, I thought you were asking me a question. Can you explain what that line means? No, I can't explain. What's maybe no sign is something on your face. I know. Am I doing your honey? Break down, shout. Where the mud was going to hang from trees and play banjo. You got some good old, a station on. You've handled great old. Now as north, hair, lather goes. Rallies of mixed, did you know? And that's where the bees, leaves had to go. For Gale, Riley, Joe. On Fuji, young. He'll do what he can. Shake your hand like a friend. Then quickly walk away. They have Joe. Go to five, six, oh. With ratings in the toilet mode to get those. Flaming for full modes and order and control. And then so, go, Riley, Joe. Above you were ran in the low. He lets move. Go, and here's what blows. It's going to be his own show. You make the big change. And we know, man. It's worse than the same. He hasn't done a thing. Love for what goes. All the air had to. Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a poor. Not that essentially blows. For all radio. The GM of 56. Oh, darling, Riley, Joe. She came to you, my town sound. Ah. Let's be more into. I took one look at you. And it was plain to come. You were my destiny. Oh, darling, open wide. I knew we might cry. I'm sorry, but I just knew. That it came out like a miracle. When you didn't think about it, always stand your time. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. You were my destiny. Your name in Friedrich's. To you, To you and to me. To talk about peace in my heart. Why? You're all I say You're all I'm lost Oh, oh, oh, oh There every door Go, go, with 707 Nobody baby See Go, go I want to know I want my heart to show To face a vampire I'm a vampire I'm a vampire I'm a vampire I want my heart to show To face a vampire I'm a vampire I want my heart to show To face a vampire I'm a vampire I want my heart to show Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh There anywhere Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, go rock, go yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. behalf of the people out there, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I! I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, But I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared, but I'm living with that feeling like I'm eating that something like your business, thathing with that feeling that look, that kind of feeling about a I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you Every time to know how to find this endless interaction, I love you, I love you forever I won't lie and I'll try to find this one forever  it down by my side This time to know all of your unscathed, how to set it up I'm a kid, I'm a man, I'm a boy, I'm a man I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a man I'm a boy, I'm a boy, I'm a boy I'm a man, I'm a boy, I'm a boy I'm a man, I'm a man Yeah, I'm a man, I'm a boy Ah, man, I- mortg, Baby, I'll put that car on the door I'm a man, I'm a rapper, let's go together Your bitch, bitch, wooing it Don't you dare turn the control down I'm not gonna die, I'm not gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I I'm gonna die, so how am I doing okay? So how am I doing? And okay. It's still bent in the sows and I hope? I guess you are. I'm gonna see me and belt it out to Luc Christy in here, man. I got my horse from that. I have a request for my last day. Yes, now we're in the 60s right now. I'm gonna go to the right, okay, let's try like 70s next segment see what you got. He's still good through the 70s, okay. Now I'm just seeing, because we're staying in a 1380 half that anyone know crazy, I don't know what happened. Let's see, how about ELO? Excellent, 70s? Yes. Well you like it, I know that. Well you want about Josh, try that like it. I don't know, I'm gonna have to hear it. ELO? Oh brother. Oh. 1148 votes on the pool, the main reason I listen to Neil is for a last 456. He's a fricking genius 386. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. Those bedtime stories 52, here I'm suffer 49, not no mole, no more suffering for this good. Because I'm bored 48. The crazy callers 42, all three of them. A break from all the sports 18. I hate this pool 17 and I hate Neil. I wish he would die 60. I'm singing from the side of the stage, you can't decide, you can't feel it by. It's like the truth is you are still good. He's a fricking genius, I don't know what happened. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. Those bedtime stories 52, here I'm suffer 49, not no mole, I'm gonna have to hear it. I don't know, I'm gonna have to hear it. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. Those bedtime stories 52, here I'm suffer 49, not no mole, I'm gonna have to hear it. I don't know what happened. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 64 and you ain't heard nothing yet, believe me. He's for a last 456. He speaks the truth 67 and you ain't I heard nothing yet, believe me. Yeah, show our ideas, let's look at this no matter the truth It is easy to say and touch it, all this music which isn't nearly as entertaining as Wayne's press conference. There's a new map where there was so much. All that night I felt water retention. I stood in line to things I'd rather not mention right now. Just after midnight I looked up. Some signs saying have to do your book were closed now, but I said, I got a piece of land. Now we're giving a play to prevent myself from building my shoes. You got a piece of land. What do I do? I don't understand. What kind of real wonderful double you can earn in Miami? I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. But I want to know everything. You're still the one. I want that feeling behind you. You're still the one. You're still the one. You're still the one. That's the second. We're still the one. And still the one. I know that you're free. Everything. You're the one. I want to know everything. Everything. I just wanted to go. I just wanted to go. I just wanted to go. You still, you're back. You still You, you're the one. I want to know everything. You're still the one. I just wanted to go. I'm a little bit lonely I'm a little bit lonely I'm a little bit lonely I'm a little bit lonely I'm a little bit lonely Still no one and I can't get enough I still haven't gone and she's the one You still don't want to distract my kids You still don't want to hurt my kids We're still not gone and she's the one You are still not that big now I still don't want to hurt my kids You still don't want to hurt my kids You still don't want to hurt my kids You still don't want to hurt my kids We're still not gone and she's the one She came out of here yesterday All right, let's fall in my heart And we'll just be yours forever I couldn't feel my secure I'm more couldn't feel any better Oh, Lord, never in love I'm a child of you, I'm a show Oh, Lord, never in love Every time we together We're together like lightning, killing me I can't touch a beautiful feeling I'm a hearing goodbye, said to me Oh, Lord, never in love I'm a child of you, I'm a show Oh, Lord, never in love I'm a little bit lonely She'll be trying to make you know I'm a little bit lonely but she'll be Now you're worried my heart I'm a little bit lonely And we'll just be yours forever I couldn't feel my secure I'm a little bit lonely Oh, Lord, never in love I'm a child of you, I'm a show Oh, Lord, never in love Oh, Lord, never in love I'm a child of you, I'm a show Oh, Lord, never in love We'll just be kinder From my body to my own We've run over Great A group of wild sometimes Promise me we're interested in the roast Even George, I think it might agree I love the roast, forget it Even George especficers honor myaffle Huh, Robert? Thanks Vera Wengaj I'll be in here...