That's the sign-off of Lady O'Lam, where did the big game come from? And we have to apologize to Neil for being late here. You know what, it's okay for a small meal. I got it. Have a great weekend. We'll see you in Monday. Thanks for listening. The music's best on the previous program. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. The music broadcast group. It's staff and advertisers for you. In my right, oh, right. You've done it. Come back. Come down. Come down. Timber, what that show hold, maybe? Well, the ball's so wet. It's a ball. Oh, 20, 5, 16, double your punch wall. My, yeah, we've scored. Great ball. It made me tired in the White House punishable. Friday, you, Fred. That's the one. That's the night, sir. I've heard. I heard the same story. I've heard in the White House, we have at least one. I like it. They're kind of long. She drives my new, sketchy street feet tall. I wouldn't ride with her no way. I said I'd be there ladies today. So I'm just sitting on a pension bill rate. Oh, boy. Paging for the holy place to take me away. A brand of just a gift you'd earn a pension bill rate. With my friend, I am. I've heard the same story. To tell my dear, first of all, I'm still always the same. All that good of doing, whatever tells me to do. The private holidays, she must be okay. Just give me the rest of my bones. When we wind my white boat leave me alone, We've got it over and I never win. I just wind up stepping through the morning again. Oh, so I should, I have pension bill rate. Waiting for the lonely place to take me away. Oh, you did, did you know the pension bill rate. I was like, I'm sorry. There's everything I can't find. That's the way you open a bad expression. And then the truth is, I'm sorry. And we're always going to stop the time too much. Yeah, come back, Kenny. And we'll have another couple of hours. Okay, they were worried about two minutes. I was getting a little bit concerned too, because I wonder what the hell I was going on over there. But then on the other hand, right? Don't look at gift horse in the ass. That's right. I mean, if they want to take all the time, because I'm out here one o'clock today, and I'm going on vacation. I love doing that. That's right. George will be on one today. And one or two. And we respect when they're more important things going on. That's like super bowl and radio row. Oh, yeah. We're on a super bowl, baby. And all those little signs. Yeah, it's great. It's great. Right. In fact, this afternoon, we got mad dog at radio row two to three. And then we got the mad dog together with the, uh, Humper and a, um, lumber between the three and six at radio row. And then Hank alone at radio row six to seven. After they have several meals, then we got the big o rock solid at the Danino party on Nikki Beach. Excuse me, but I have, you know, What is Nicky Beach? What is Nikki Beach? Is that a person? I believe it's a club or something like that. Oh, I see. Well, we're out of touch. Okay. We don't know those hip trendy, uh, great spots on South Beach. So Danino party and Nikki Beach with the big o seven to ten. Then the Super Bowl overdrive with Craig Wish from the Danino party continues till midnight. I'll ride. They're going to be doing party time. In fact, the whole Super Bowl, not just a ball game. It's a big party. A series of powerful storms packing suspected tornadoes right because central Florida early today, killing at least 14 people and destroying homes. The storms also followed Voluge and some to counties toppling trees and power lines, and he tracked a trailer's carining off eye for. The National Weather Service said tornado damage likely occurred in East Central Florida, media officers from National Weather Service headed to the area to make a determination. Some of the worst damage was reported in the town of Lady Lake in Lake County. Lady Lake, do you ever hear what I never did? I remember Lady Lake by the, um, who did that? Who did that? We're all about building. Excuse me. As we just treated a much better version. Well, I'm going to speak with anything anybody else would have done to watch better version and Bob Dylan. Hey, hey, hey, hey. He's good. Not. I'll be great right, although let's hear blowing in wind and don't think twice. It's all right. Don't think twice. It's all right. Bubble home parks in the area were hidden, including sunshine, mobile home park and Lady Lake. I just don't know where they live. Well, it's a lake county. Another near Spencer's loop. Oh, yeah. Watch out for Spencer's loop. Hey, the straight young woman said her friend of 17 year old girl was killing mum, mobile home park. I'm so sorry. I really am. She said it and she used to wait for the bus with her every morning. Lady, Lady, it's Bob Dylan. Call me a record. Here's a man. Could he sing? Oh, he could write a little bit. Oh, he looked at the boat. Oh, boy. You can't complain about his singing talent because quite frankly, when it comes right down, but he didn't have the lady. You're terribly, well, I've today. I still got it. Hey, Ricky, take care. I hope you heard that talk. If you could take lessons for me. Now, once he hang in the up already. I don't know. I'm not just, I don't know. I got this vacation starting, just after noon starting. I want to clock. And I just, I don't know. I just might not come back. You know what? Okay. No, I'm sitting here. What did I tell you before the show today? I'm just going to kind of reevaluating my life. I just have kind of lost it. The last couple of months ago. What would you agree? Boy, I'm sure you'll find it on vacation. Okay. I hope so. I'm just kind of lost touch with reality. I'm just off in a fantasy land and getting to be real pain in the ass. My whole life. I just got to come back to reality. It'll be your waiting for you when you're ready. I beg you pardon reality. It'll be here waiting for you when you're ready. The entire lady like you're a was out without power this morning. The sheriff department said the storm's top of trees in power lines and tractor trailer, torsed carreening off I4. Wow. The National Weather Service said tornado damage likely occurred in East Central Florida. The lady like a semi of God church was completely demolished. Kevin Lundhardt. They like County emergency management. See, and lady, lady like a semi of God church. Flying in the shot. Let's take it. There it is right there. Spitting in tongues didn't help them. The Lord works in mysterious ways and boy you get him pissed off. You got real tourists. That's what he said. He told me that. He wanted really piss me off. Nikki beaches the old pederides on top beach. Oh, well, how do you like that even I know what that is was? We're still doing search and rescue. He said Kevin Lundhardt. Yeah, as daybreak arrived the 30 searching for people may be in need. At least 14 did. And again, of course, forget about just the church getting flattened and demolished. But of course, the whole deal with the tornadoes. It's an act of God. Oh, God. Oh, yeah, maybe Pat Robertson will have some reason my God is so pissed off. And has to do with. Feel good. Yeah, no, yeah, we end other frags. That's what it's all about. I think I hit the right button by mistake. Feel good. I pissed off the Lord. Yeah, you know, has to be with that. Okay, let's, uh, oh, I see. I'm already not going to do it again. They're just more on it. But the same stuff. Same nasty stuff. In fact, seeing confirms at least 14. Kill like just got through saying that. See how far ahead of the man. They even let you a lot. Here's our poll from yesterday. We had 1720 votes. That's not too shabby. But the only reason we had that many is because for whatever reason Eric Fed Eric didn't get around to put in last night's poll. I have a looking on there and looking on it. Where is it, Eric? I'm looking over here and it was none there. Hey, they had tornadoes. He might've gotten frightened. I never thought about that. That was early this morning. It wasn't last night. He didn't get flattened by a chance. I got news for it. He got flat. Who? What is the gang song ever we asked yesterday? The village people in YNCA. One hands down your pants. You're in the system. I didn't close. Not your man. What are you saying? Oh, it's like group of fingers from how he's just showed. It's more than a founder fingers. You know it. Not your man village people 242. So the village people had a clean sweep if you've pardoned your expression. When? Wait, me up before you go go. I went wait. This is several times this morning. I had to go go and went went to away. Well, you know what? It's going to be traveling along the flight. You just got to get on. Your system. You know, it's not just the size or squeaky clean. So, you know, just the way it is. Weather girls. It's raining man. Had 172. Very manalo at the couple 142. That was so bad when I called in late in the show and here we had all these votes on the pool. But I'm stupid, you know. Village people in the Navy. 126. Right, said Fred. I'm too sexy for my body. 116. I hate this pool. 113. Six and a half percent mouth contents. Very upset. Tiny Tim. I got to hear a little bit. Tiny Tim and tip throw. I was trying to find that. I wonder if I did. How many did I bring you part? I tried to find that. I didn't have a copy of it. Wait a minute. Maybe I have it under Tiny Tim instead of. Oh yeah, I do. Oh, I do. You do. You wear a sexual. You can't pull the ball. This is too risky. You can't pull the sexual. With me. All right. I might play the whole thing. It's not that long anyway. Tips are as an absolute 63. Culture Club. Karma comedian 51. I don't understand what's gay about the song. I'm going to over it yesterday because the band is gay therefore. Yes, the song is not going to gay. Right. I don't know if I'm going to gay five. I'm going to. Believe me. I know my gay vibes trust me when I tell her. It takes one to no one takes this old fan. I'm coming out 43. Frankie was the Hollywood relax 26. Lou Reed take a walk in a wild side 15. George Michael's in faith 15. Anything with George Michael's especially at the URL at the end of the T. He's dangerous in there 15. Well, I'm still working. I'm sexy. Absolutely. No. No chance. 11. But a sexy is a fruit fly. I full 65 and blue. That I can't believe you play. They are. I mean, I realize we put that on their late. But it's only got eight. Oh, that's. That must be a mistake. Maybe they can't relate. I see. To the king. Swar. Maybe it's a little bit too kinky for this crown. Just thinking of you. He's wide. Are you. Where's Steve? He said he said he said he was one of his most dynamic and influential superstars. Really dead. Really dead. James Brown died early this morning at Atlanta Hospital. He said he said he said they're in a box with a flower by his head. He's not very weak. I think he'll leave very young. The white one's some of this red. Everyone already said farewell. Let's be no more among things starting this round. But the dark people are in your will. Just why are you buying here, Steve? I am in the living room. You don't say your word. I'm waiting for you. She said, oh, then get on up. Man, I'm twisted. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. And I'm starting to rock by the minute. You're just bury me. This minute. Maybe no one will bury me. No one will bury me. And you put me in the ground by tomorrow. And I'm really starting to believe that you think it. I'm in the bones of all. Oh, jump back, give on to him. Ha ha ha ha. I mean, the rest of that fit is really good too. But we'll get to that part. It just really sends me, you know. It's just something tickles my fancy as they say. You're fancy. Right. Let's take a look at this pool. And again, Eric apologizes profusely. Maybe the whole everything around him was like blowing in the wind or something. Like Bob Dylan would have said. Didn't even know anything about it till I told him to like last him if he was okay. You mean about the tornadoes? Well, he's probably watching the news. He's got a tune into this show because we're so newsy. You find out what's going on in the world. When you tune into this damn show, except what's happened down on Nikki Beach. Because we didn't know what that is. I thought it was like a beach. Just a thing with joint. Penn rods is now Nikki Beach. Wow. I'm so impressed. Anyway, here's speaking about the worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is. And boy, we got a lot of choices on here. This is good. In fact, if I read the pool four times, it'll be one o'clock vacation time. I'll ride. 578 posts on here. The worst thing that they can find out. So many non English speakers. 169. And an anime public baby. No spaghetti in glaze. They want to move here. 117. I don't get it. The word that they could discover is they want to move here. The other word we have. Somebody people here already. They don't want anybody else. Oh, the quality of customer service for 53. Where you can't complain about that. Because basically, we don't have any. Our traffic congestion 45. Our driver is 40. They're driving me crazy over here. South Beach is only a few blocks 35. They think that South Beach is what. Data is all about. And maybe even groward and Palm Beach cutting. It's all like one big party place. It's all one big group of clubs and plastic people. And spastic, plastic queens and stuff like that would love too much jewelry. But guess what? South Beach is only a few blocks 35. Our local politics in politicians 26. You don't want to know from them. Believe me. Neal's collar is 26. But I voted for that. And I don't know why they didn't get a lot more votes. Think you're any of these colors. Although I will say this yesterday and Wednesday for whatever reason. The most because I'm such a good guy. It must be because I'm legendary. Yes, that's it. You think that's it? The cost of living 25. See, I mean, the cost of living. They're not coming here to come in for the Super Bowl. They're not coming here like, you know, Shack up or something. I'll depending who they're shackin' up with. Do I say, Oh, I'm sorry. Our crime rate 15. Our local radio stations 12. Oh, especially the music stations. Oh, God forbid. Don't tune in those. Our overpriced Mr. One phase nine. Gators popping up on our yards five. And our mosquitoes. So many. 583. And by the way, if a cater does pop up on your yard. Don't run around and stick your finger on it. It's tail. Not if it's a good idea. Oh, come on now. They like not a really good idea to be a, You know, let's say it like that. We've got to be sticking your finger on no gator tail. Not a good idea. I mean, there's a lot of guys that like tail. But that's not what they had in mind most of it. Anyway. Don't toss in, right? It's for you. I'm going to be on here in two shakes of a lamb's tail. There's that expression again. Write it down every time I say it. You say, why did he say it? And the answer is, I haven't got any idea. Don't you? I mean, we all do that. You go through phrases where you say, By the way, I remember a long time ago years ago. Every time I started saying anything. I say it by the way. I don't know why. And that lasted for about, you know, minute. But why do we do things like that? I don't know. Anyway, yes, stuff like that. No, that's one of the things people say. And how? Anyway. Yeah. Doug Thompson, a capital hill, two rights, Lies, damn lies and George W. And how? I know. Push comes to shove. That was, yeah. I don't know what that mean. Oh, push comes to shove. Well, there's so many stupid expressions that we could do a poll on that. But we have my, we have done that, haven't we? Yeah, push comes to shove. Yeah, push this and shove this. Doug says one word will define forever. They said in this, Pickable legacy of George W. Bush, Lyer. Most politicians lie. They call it spin or positioning or situation analysis. But evasion of truth becomes part of political life. It lying is so ingrained into the Bush administration that it's not impossible to accept on face value. Anything in president or is a pointy say. A congressional budget before issued yesterday says the president gave the nation a Nicarious figures on both the cost and size of his plan troops, Serge and Iraq. It will cost at least three times more and perhaps more the CBO said. And requires many is 48,000 troops when the effect of in support personnel. Bush knew this when he went before the cameras in January, but he low balled the numbers in cost. He laid the truth, shaved the numbers and hooked the books. The president lied out right in his rationale for invading Iraq as testimony unfolds in the Prodry trial of vice president, Cheneys former chief of staff's school to live. We learned that Cheney orchestrated campaign lies to describe it former ambassador Joe Wilson because Wilson had the audacity to tell the truth about the administration's fabricated tales of Iraqi attempts to buy uranium to build a non-existent nuclear weapon. Or is that nuclear? I'm sorry. With all the respect to your president, nuclear. A literate. We now know that shortly after the 911 terrorist attacks, the Bush administration ordered the EPA the light of residents of New York City about the Erkwadi hazards from the collapse of the World Trade Center towers. This passed quickly learned that the administration force federal scientists to alter reports to present a false impression minimizing the effects of global warming. Voice promised to fire any White House staff member involved in leaking the name of Ambassador Wilson's wife, a covert CIA operative, testimony in a livi-trial source of Cheney and Bush's political guru, Carl Roe, played key roles in the campaign to discredit Wilson and revealed his wife's name to several reporters. Bush can't fire Cheney, although it could demand his reservation, he hasn't. He can fire Roe, he won't. After the November midterm elections, where voters thought that they corrupt Republican leadership of Congress and said Bush are clear message that they wanted change in Iraq. Voice promised to work with a new Congress and consider all options before announcing any new Iraqi initiatives. Two months later, he went before the American public announces troops' search of a plan crafted without any consultation with the new leadership on Capitol Hill and won't that completely ignore the recommendations of the Iraqi study group. Once again, Bush lied. And just about every time this man is lied, too many Americans have died. Mark Twain once wrote that there are three kinds of lies. Lies, damn lies, and statistics. And these trouble times we should amend Twain's writing to read lies, damn lies, and any statements by the president of the United States. Which your buddy Doug Thompson says on Capitol Hill, Blue Bell, just don't feed us and disappear on the ways. And you just vanish into thin air. There's nothing worse than when people you like vanish into thin air and Doug Thompson's whenever very favorite. It's man, Kackel Hill, Blue.com. He had to kind of like go underground. Remember that for where he was? Were threatening him? I do remember that. Threatening his ass and the rest of him too, to give up the website control of it to somebody else. Yeah, right. And then we go much more clean. And then we go back and come on back, and all out of the crap. 596 votes on the pool, which is way below what it would be. But then again, now to Eric is playing to you. How can we got this? I'm not that we. He will have. Yeah, but he got a whole late and he changed it as soon as he came in. Hey, Eric, not a problem, man. You are the greatest. We appreciate everything that you do with the labor of love we understand. That just quit eating so much, but never. He's probably at the parliament house again, looking for some Queens. Well, he's got that nice wife and everything in the family. Right. You know, little variety can hurt. Never heard him complain about his wife. Yeah. Yeah. I'll keep it to himself. 598 votes on that pool. There are just too many choices on the read the whole. Oh, and somebody else from armus keto, is that I read that the first time? I guess I did read it, but it didn't register with me. Two of us, two of us, you think about people grabbing alligators by the tail, which is just not the brightest thing you could do. Our unless our skaters, too. Well, this isn't skater time. Is it now? It is always skater time and floor. No, but not like in the summertime. It's like, you've got a lot of humidity and all the water is like, oh, man, like an outdoor septic tank. Like an outdoor swamp. That's what it is. It's a tropical swamp. All you people that came down for the Super Bowl. What are you thinking about? You for the set, and all of you, and watch it on the, your very screen TV for crying out loud on HD. Well, you're nose bleed tickets. You're going to be sitting 50 miles away. You're not going to see a dancing. You're going to have to pay for the vernacular concession. And then probably about 500 bucks to park. But hey, when you're low when you've got the big bucks, oh, the governor's going to have a news conference shortly, Charlie Christ with the Olymp rest. Fuck, 12 Friday, you bested. Don't run in a week. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't begin a week. You're the, that's what we've made. Don't pass it. You made me do. What's through through through through through your future. In the middle of the night. In the middle of the night. Don't lie to you. You're smarty to try to do this. Don't run in a week. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're the, you're the very kind. So tell you that I'm telling you we're lost from room. Your little doctor's puts falls with an attitude. You're the reason of the death of God. Don't lie to you. You don't have a baby loose suit. You're a strategist, you're a strategist. No one can do treats on you. You. 1032 at 560 WQA and we got 613 votes on the pool. Now you've got to get to 1,000 by 2. That one to 2 are better be heavy duty man. When George comes on, the pool is going to go 8th. You'll see. Just wait till they go crazy. I prepared crazy. It's going to go crazy. Anyway, here's a fact from Craig and not skill Tennessee. As a goal and Craig, he says, holy, schmitt granddad, you still got it. That's what they say. I'm a legendary. And probably I got too much of it. Since I listened to you from the Florida Panhandle in the early 90s, I recently found you online and I can't read that one word there. Something about the legendary material my brother. What was that saying? I can't read the original legend. Let me proof it. I was still legendary material my brother. He's talking to you. You can't see any of that. The addition to George completes the show. The last is Craig. The last. Oh, good chuckle. I'm not sure. Let me tell you right now. It's the last ride is what it is. This story about Saban. I thought we had a lot yesterday. We played the clip again about the cool name. All apparently big news now. Well, I don't know. I mean, we also covered the moon and ice yesterday too. That was big news. But I don't like rehashing too much. I am ignocted. Yeah. Profanity and knowledge. I know Alex Marviz wrote this in the sense. I'm not going to read it. Two pages. I'm not going to waste my time. Just the first paragraph. Profanity and off-cover comment about Kegens by Nick Sabanity. Thought we would remain private to become public. Cousin the former Dolphins coach to issue a apology Wednesday through the University of Alabama with a banjo on his knee. Now what is it? So you were telling me before the show that somebody was in a fact we got about the word coolness that term. Yeah, what an o. I got an email explained. And email like, strange. What a really a supposed to mean. And I don't care what anybody says it's supposed to mean. It's just he's he is whatever he is. Right. What was supposed to mean? It's a Louisianaian whose parents weren't born in Louisiana. That's what the Kegens call. I recent Louisiana in other words. A transplant. A Louisianaian come lately. Is a Kuna. Yeah. What the email said. Remember that Andrew Kuna said that was in the trailer. No, my schedule. My pageant is good as it used to be. So I have to take their word for it. Yeah. It sounds pretty bogus to me. In fact, Nick Sabot probably sent the email. When surprised me. Oh, yeah. Get off the hook for all time. Say, you know what I mean? I am Peppa. Can't do it, Nick. QAM. Hello. Good morning sir. How are you? Yes sir. Great. I would just have one comment about Nick Sabot. It's described the reporter who did the tape off the record or the Harold. Honey how they fired the feedy, but they keep the sport among head on the payroll even though he violated the increase of the journalism. Honey how the rules vary from reporter to reporter. This guy is probably not fatt and disgusting like Jim DeFetus. Well, but would you agree that if that's the case to feedy belongs in print in as far from a camera as possible? Yes. I would agree he's got a face and a body for newspapers. No question. Thanks, Sally. How are you? Thanks sir. Thanks very much. I see you. There's somebody nice. I got a couple of my correspondence online and said have a safe trip and a great vacation. Here's one. You know, you'd expect to be like 80 million people. Have a great trip to a Europe wherever you go and you'll have a wonderful time and have a wild and woolly and whatever you know. Ron, I need his praying for you to get whatever you're looking for. Oh boy. I'm not going there. I'll tell you that. My sure am. I'm hoping. You know, always crush your fingers and hope for a miracle. And once in a great while, once in a blue moon. And what does that mean to what? What does another stupid expression? I'll let's say a blue moon. That's how I know that when I actually know. Well, please enlighten all of us. Very rarely there's a full moon twice in one month in the second one. It's called a blue moon for some reason. Really? So there you go. So we got that by the air. Somebody told me that. I think I heard it on Paul Harvey. The map. Huh? The moon is here. There's a Charlie. There's a Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Yeah. Just a little bit. Great. Oh, that was the end of that. We missed most of Charlie. Wrist of the year. And here's some effect. That looks a little like Jim DeFedis after losing 400 pounds. But anyway. No, here's something more important than Alex Marquez again. And we has you that whole, see, I don't care about Nick Saban. You know, he's he is what he is. He's garbage. He was garbage when he came in and he was garbage on the way out. And he lied. And all the other crap. And then the accomplishment and thing. But, but you know, I ought to begin to use to that by now. How did you like these? What's your called? Do you want that era? See, I'll decide out of mine. I'll must forgot. The wants that era. Ponce is probably Pennsylvania. Here's another thing that's really stupid. But then we do a lot of stupid things. It's just for fun, you know? What's the big deal? Enjoy life. That's my message. Enjoy life. Right? Right. I know I should plan on doing these next eight days. A new pair of hands pulled Ponce is only filled from his stump this year. So it was only fitting that the groundhog offered a new prediction. Filled in Nazi as shadow on Friday, which according to that's today. It seems to me, which according to German folklore means folks give respect and early spring instead of six more weeks of winter. All right, of course we haven't really had any winter here. But, I think we had like two days that you call really winter. We had some cold days, but I'm talking about like snow and stuff. In fact, the info is in there's almost half the hunt for snow. Well, we had to turn the AC on again last night. So that's it for us. Oh, poor and baby. It's our costume money. That's our record wrecking temperatures. We've just weekend in my right like any five and it's only the two favorite. Wow. It's an outdoor swamp. Don't forget what I told you all you visitors. Are you silly people to decide to come to Florida? Oh, it's paradise. It's paradise. Somebody once said that. Oh, don't work here. No, no. Since 1886, Phil was seen in shadow 96 times. Hasn't seen it 15 times. And there were no records for nine years according to the Ponce of Totty Groundhog Club. The last time Phil failed to see a shadow was in 1990, nine, nine, eight years ago. Oh, brother. Where's the time going? Baby, pretty soon they're going to stick my faddle last in the ground. You're in my right? One of these days. What did he say? My ass and my wife was in the box. And then those people out there are going to say, you know, he was pretty good guy. You know, I never told him that. But he wasn't really off that bed. Tell him when I'm alive. Okay. Don't wait till I'm dead and say, boy, he was okay. He was never stole a freight train. Tell me that when I'm alive. Make me feel like, you know, I'm legendary. Whatever. Don't tell me a thing. More than 15,000 revelers milled about in a misty snow waiting for the prediction is far works. She exploded overhead and the Pennsylvania Polka and other music blared in the background. Oh, I love that. Oh, no, I love her a lot to barrel. Not the time. Even though with the Pennsylvania Polka is, didn't she love roll out to barrel? It's a great target. I don't have one of those. And you got roll out to barrel by Frankie Yankevik. No, that's all. You ain't something. Samigators, 17, said, she and her father first attended the ceremony about four years ago. Since then, it's really been just been memories of things I do together with my dad. She said, it just had a fun scene. People wrote so crazy about a groundhog which her Gainer said, a groundhog, a hedgehog. What's the difference between a groundhog and a hedgehog? You know these things? Uh, a hedgehog has a spines like a porcupine. Very little ones, nevertheless. No, groundhog does not. Groundhog has a huge bigger in a hedgehog. Believe it to George, he also has wild animals, small spiky mammal. Long time handler, Bill D. Lee, retired was replaced today by Punks of Tony Groundhog, tough intercircle members, John Griffiths and Ben Hughes. It's a lot of work that is saying to know you're part of one of the most phenomenal parts of American folklore he was said. Well, I've said to him when some rodent comes crawling out of the ground, if that's the most phenomenal parts of American folklore, America is indeed trouble, such as that Nazi George W. Bush and a bunch of Neocon lunatics. Each February the 2000s of people to send on Punks of Tony, a town of 6,100 people about 65 miles northeastern Pittsburgh. The celebrate would have essentially been a German superstition, a German superstition. You'll love those brought words, baby. Let me tell you. I'm getting it right now. I'll still leave her. Wow. I'm getting emotional just thinking about it. The Germans believe that if a hybrid and animal cancer shadow February 2, the Christian holiday of Candle Moss. What is that? Candle Moss? Oh, it's a holiday. I'll see ya. When it would last another six weeks, if no shadow was seen, legend said Spring would come early. Rick Maffir, that's called a premature evaluation of the weather. If Spring comes early. Rick Maffir and administrator in the Indian University of Pennsylvania, some 30 miles away. I'm going to man. Walk the whole way to the ceremony to celebrate a 60th birthday in the raised money for breast cancer. Research, he said he was skeptical of the groundhouse prediction. It's supposed to get bitter cold this weekend, if I said, in fact, it is going to get bitter cold here in Toronto to this weekend. And I'm out of here this afternoon before kids bitter cold, which is really good. I just checked the forecast where I'm going. And it's going to be toast to you, like in the mid 40s for the next few days. It's going to be sunny and toast to you. It is going to be a wonderful time for do whatever I'm going to be doing. Well, of course, it's always a good time for that. It's Friday, you best good. Wait and hear this. You won't even have any of these. Any good I don't have. Remember this? And who that was, J.S. It's not too much God. That's it. It's nice. Yes. Everything's nice. With time to kill and nothing too low. And it's just fine, because he's having a bite to be able to face today's news. All of a needle has a marvelous meal. It's an empty, empty army of friends. While southern rick, just like himself sick, because they're watching crazy Marvin stuff the food down his pants at the island of tree. The wonderful island of tree. Huh? Nothing here is ever quite good. It seems that the wonderful island. No. Jerry has fun as his clean and his gun. Alone at night with his mobile rings. But working, Paul can't even buy a call. Any might as well talk to the trees. Larry has debts he hasn't paid back yet. Get back up some tales at the track. And Alex, they say he's on a duck on a bank. And he hasn't got a compass, and he can't come back to the island of tree. The wonderful island of tree. Listen to that organ, man. The ghost of the assassin had a crown. I have a story to go. The ghost of the assassin had a crown. But it goes on and on. I don't know why it's great. It's long. We got traffic in front and south of the slag. Every day that didn't do a shit down. But a new hand will be dealt with in the ice caps melt. As the beach will be at 441. On that fifth old day, the steam runs under the base. We'll have submarines on I'm out here five. And one handle square won't be found anywhere. And the tracks are little muddy, but they're high and dry. I let other trees. The wonderful island of tree. The panic is made of molecular corvore. It's teams of the wonderful island. Tree. Ah. Getting emotional. It's just a new devoting your entire life with it. I'm the way of the new way. I'm the way of the earth. He's an angel from the back of the tower. He's the man of the Earth. Oh, poorكر. You're talking about the freedom jabbany's people. Ah, often. He was the great god of worship. Such a great light. Please, please! Shame! It's wimbling. Shope your mouth, though. It's aастie that ever hurt in my life! That well, it's just a land look. I have worked in radio sales and management for a number of years. Really? It's not. The liberty penalty is ready for you. Come on. Wow. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life is on WOT. Oh, Jim Scatter and that is the island of dreams. I don't think I ever played that before. Oh, you did. W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. Wait, man. I thought it went out of play that. When you had it. So here's a story. Yeah. I was trying to get through it quickly. Jim Scatter calls me one day and he says, I got this bit that wrote for me. But I don't have the ability to record it onto something else. It's in my mixer. I got digital recording in the mixer and it's in there. I need to bring the mixer in and it wasn't a small device either. I need to bring the mixer in and have you record it into something from the mixer directly. And I said, no problem. We can do that. But how long do you think would have taken what we got everything connected and the level check and everything because the bits what? Like three minutes long or something? Three, forty, eight. Okay. How about this here again? It was so great. So is here a few more times? I'll be out of here. You'd dub things all the time. How long do you think it would have taken the dub that from one contraction into another? I have no idea. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, you'd say, to dub forty eight. You'd think that you could find it. Okay. That's what I thought it would have taken. It took an hour and five minutes. And then I was in because every time that we dubed it in there, it wasn't good enough for him. Because he was kind of mixing and tweaking and equalizing. And he said, Oregon, as it was meant to be. Sounds like an underwater or like all the other sound effects. All the other sounds. All the other sounds. Yeah. He's kind of bringing them up and down as the thing is getting dubbed in there. And every time we would do it, I'd say, Okay. That's great. Jim, I'll see you later. I got some other words to do. Oh, it's not good enough. We got to do it again. And we have done it 20 times. Well, I sat there just with blood coming out of my eyes. Arm, flattings, spas. Jim, that's why he's got a crazy person. He has a crazy person. It was an insane scene. And you remember that tiny little production room that we had over at IOD was like the size of a shower stall. Yeah. That's where we were, practically sitting on top of each other and he's over and over and over again. So I practically had that thing memorized by the time we were done. Oh, here it is. It's been a long time. Everyone, when I grow up, I want to be just like Jim's guy with a 30 dollar keyboard key. But, I wouldn't need to follow you fancy, that's what we're looking for. I'm like reporting, hey, Nick, we'll be eating. Even a smoker, like so good bright, has better equipped with a deep and sound. Oh, when I grow up, I want to be just like Jim's guy with a 30 dollar keyboard key. Then I wouldn't have to spend my day here. There's always my soda. I wouldn't have to spend my day here. I think that sounds just fine. And he vanished, huh? I guess I'm going to, well, I think he's up in North Florida, West Palm, somewhere. Mid-Send, West Palm, somewhere, and all of a sudden boy. You're going to hear him. He's in North America. He's in North America. He's in North America. He's in North America. North America. Somewhere in New York. He did some funny stuff. He was crazy, but you know, you've got to be crazy. What is that email? You got the email? No, that came separately. Somebody sent me a very nice cartoon starring Jack Horkheimer explaining the balloon. This is Horkheimer, what did you see? The only problem is you can't read it because it's a fact. It's all blocked. You can't read it. You can't read it because Horkheimer is faking in dark. You know your facts, mister. Anyway, this says George for information, say, he's a film new name wrong, but they got Runeus spelled right against. It says, coolness is a controversial term in the cage in Lechsecon. This is what Nick Savon said the other day that everybody got them all whipped up about the fact that he's a liar in a hole in a loser. That's beside the point. It's a controversial term in the cage in Lechsecon. To some cages, it is regarded as the supreme ethnic slur, meaning ignorant backwards Kajun. To others, the term is a badge of pride, much like the word Chakhanu is from Mexican Americans. It's South Louisiana, for example, one can often see bumper stickers reading, warning Kuhnass on board, or registered Kuhnass, both of which generally depict a rat Kuhn's backside. Brackdom, that's it. The words origin is unclear. Folk etymology claims that Kuhnass dates back from WWE 2 when Kajun GI is serving in France, where derided by native French speakers, Kuhnass, a Kanaece. Thurchword, meaning dirty horror or idiot. Oh, that sounds out to good. Nons, French speaking American GI is elected over her expression converted to the English Kuhnass and introduced the term back in the USA. There are supposedly soon-cut owners a derice of term among non-cagens who encountered many cages in the Gulf Coast oil fields. It is now known however that Kuhnass predated the arrival of cage in GI's in France during WWE 2, which undermines the Kanaece theory. Indeed, Folkler was very gene-nsled as long rejected the theory calling it cheeky linguistics at best. He has suggested that the word originated in the South Louisiana and that derived from the beliefs that Kajun frequently ate racoon's. I see. He also proposed that the term contains a negative racial connotation, namely that Kajun's were beneath or under blacks, or Kuhn's is blacks were often called by racist. No. Despite efforts by Kajun activists like James D'Amongro, and War and A pair understand how the terms used. But I love the way I pronounce that. I believe it's right. Don't I drill with an EAUX on the end. Very good. That's why I'm legendary. Kuhnass continues to circulate in South Louisiana and beyond. It put the loose in Louisiana. It's acceptability among the general public have our attempts to vary according to circumstances. And often depends on who says it and with what intention. Kajun's who dislike the term have been known to correct well-meaning outsiders who use the effort that. And I don't know what that means at the end. It says, oh and crumping is still better than breaking. What does that mean? It's an argument I was having with the facts or obviously at some point. What is crumping? Oh, you got to live it to believe it. It's a style of dancing. Oh, I don't want to know about it. This is an old-toed like me. You don't need to know about no styles of dancing or about Nikki B to me. The other hits up a hoppy, a hop-a-long cancels, and the other stuff. How we do it on the pool. Why? Too bad. Eric got you. You're never going to make the 1000. And then Joe Bells would say, well, if we'd run a tape with you got it. Of course, it's kind of hard to read the pull result and promote the pull on a stupid as tape. But he's all whipped up about those tapes. Maybe Joe's got tapeworm. That's why he's such a fat ass. 681 votes on the pool. We have time to read it and it goes on forever. A lot of long stuff that they'd kill up two more hours. The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers to a six-note-speakening glaze. A key. They want to move here 134. The Claudia customer service 64. The traffic congestion 54. Our driver's 50. South beaches. Just a few blocks 42. And ain't no much. Niels Colors 29. Our local politics and politicians 28. The cost of living 27. Our crime rate 18. Our local radio stations. Boyd, the most of them sucked 14. Our overpriced restaurants 9. Gators popping up at our yards that we grabbed their table. They're profum. 5. And our mosquitoes. Solamentate trace. Only 3. 681. You got a shot at something on this. Pretty good email by the way or whatever II think. A good wax. Cover salinity. This is the new logical foods. It's a Boss Ink might you know I constellated your life in anybody. eigentlich Strou a The story of a coach named Nick Saden. He is the guy who just needed the doffin. Seems he doesn't care what other people might call him. He's some kind of an ale. Into the doffins coffin. It didn't take long. On the duty side. He was gonna read and coach Grimson's eyes. Whenever he was asked about it, he always lied. We watched Nick take the money and run. Go on take the money and run. Boo! So long take the money and run. Go on take the money and run. So long take the money and run. Along around the sidelines. In that stupid hat. With team and now they're feeling so flat. I wonder what Wayne has in go really think of that. The domins I was thinking shift and dick is alright. Every excuse Nick gives for even sounds lame. A whole lot of money. Two coach football games. Oh, if it was you, you know that you do the same. I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel anything. Go on take the money and run. That's a boon. So long take the money and run. Go on take the money and run. So long take the money and run. Go on take the money and run. One of hitting my poison and softball it up. Maybe that Nick saves the ball out of the coolness stuff. And even before the coolness stuff, they hit it in many ways. So that was just a frosting on a cake. That was just taking a shoe and giving much still in the back. Like, here you go. We know you were a piece of crap in the first place. Miami native Chad Johnson, a superstar wide receiver for the Cincinnati Bengals, has been questioned in the murder investigation of a Brownsville man. How do you like that? Okay. Must be a mistake. Let's be. Miami homicide detectives this week. It will be Cincinnati Bengals star receiver Chad Johnson. As part of an investigation of the shooting death of a 2070 World man in Brownsville, please confirm yesterday because of the ongoing probe above them. Police declined to discuss what Johnson spoke about or what is connection to the investigation may be. The detectives are investigating the murder of Curtis Tavari's Dopson. Shot to that January 26 near the doorway of his dueplex. The 24-22 Northwest 13th Avenue. Johnson and Miami native who graduated from Miami Beach High and played college football at Oregon State has been a visible part of the presupportable festivities. Last night, Johnson judged an end zone dance competition on South Beach. All everybody's on South Beach is a party and it's a murder. And on to our shustled him away from fans waiting on a lot of autographs. He wouldn't speak to a reporter last time about Dopson. One honor, I remember Wagaldus Finger, don't do that. Johnson spoke with the detectives money that had at Miami Police headquarters without an attorney, not a good idea. In any investigation of this magnitude, you have to talk to everybody no matter how seemingly insignificant they may or may not be. He said, Miami detective, Del Rich Moss, H.S. Brooksman, how Johnson's name surface is an investigation was unclear yesterday. However, he was acquainted with Johnson, the sign man's family said. Dopson. Johnson knew him from round of hoods, said his mother Sylvia Dopson. A father of a four, Dopson had moved into a duplex about four months earlier. Dopson was graduated with a Jackson High who worked various construction jobs. Dopson had two founding convictions, well we know Kierbaut. Dopson, do we just care about Chad Johnson and your Johnson. That's what we care about. Do you care about Ahmed George, Kierbauts, because it has to with athletics. George, as you know, is a big athletic supporter. Oh yeah. Oh man. Oh, this is a tall program. I may shed a tear during this. Oh, she was so great. She was such a sweetheart. And so I mean, she was right on. And she had the guts, the courage of her convictions. And she ripped the bush and asked and she wrote that shrub stuff, et cetera. I may shed a tear. Paul Crabman writes missing Molly Ivans. Molly Ivans, the Texas communist die of breast cancer on Wednesday. I first met her more than three years ago when our book tours crossed. She was as she wrote a card carrying member of the Great Liberal backlash of 2003. One of that. What is wrong with me? One of the half-designers so writers now are slipping around the country, promoting books that don't speak kindly of our leaders record. I can't claim to have known her well, Paul says, but I spent enough time with her and paid enough attention to her work to know that obituaries that mostly stressed her, so typical gets missed the main point. Yes, she liked to poke fun of the powerful, was very good at it, but her satown was only the means to an end, holding the powerful accountable. She explained her philosophy. And she said, she's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. She's a very good person. We don't need people with credentials as right-wing ideologues and corporate advertisers. We need people to know how to fix water and power plants. October 17, 2003, good thing we've won the war because the peace sure works like a quagmire. I've got an even money bet you wrote that says more Americans will be killed in the peace that in the war and more rackies will be killed by Americans in the peace that in the war. Not the first time I've had a bet that I hope that I lose. So Molly Ivins who didn't mingle with a great and famous didn't have sources high in the administration never claimed special expertise on national security or the Middle East. Got almost everything right. Meanwhile, how did those who did have all the credentials do? With very few exceptions, they got everything wrong. They bought the obviously cooked case for the war or found their own reasons to endorse the invasion. They didn't see the following adventure which is almost as obvious in prospect as it was the benefit of hindsight. And they took years to realize that everything we were being told about progress in America was a lie. Just like Doug Thompson said, a big fat bald-faced lie. Was Molly smarter than all the experts? No, she was just braver. The administration's exploitation of nine loving-quieted and in the environment which took a lot of courage to see and say the obvious, Molly had that courage. Not enough others can say the same. And it's not over. Many of those who failed a big test in 2002 and 2003 are not making excuses for the surge. Meanwhile, these same techniques of allocation and you went to the were used to promote war, the racker being used to rush it up, tensions with a ran. Now more than ever, we need people who will stand up against the follies and lies of the powerful. And Molly Ivins who devoted her life to questioning authority will be certainly missed A-man, right? For a short program. She died was the yesterday she died of the day before 62 cancer, first cancer. They before thing. Well, it's really a shame. But you know what they say? The good people, we always die. The good people die on the evil people. They live on forever. Forever until they're 150 man, the evil doers. Like Papa Bush for example, there you go. Remember Papa Uma, now I think he's kind of Papa Bush. Sure. They could have it. Look at that. The Valusia County Sheriff's Office was pretty much destroyed with the big blow this morning, where he said tornadoing. There's a problem. There's a problem. That's what he's getting involved in. There we go now. Let's see. If I can come up with a new gift, Papa is a normal man. I have no idea. The ribbon comes. Is that it? Oh, yes. Now I'm making my own policy. Okay. Now I know why I'm such a famous battle queen of men. The ribbon comes. How many sweaters out on the scale? Okay. That's enough of that. Papa Uma. How many people could go in data and right now and tap on the shoulder and have your little cassette recorded there or your little portable CD player and play that Papa Uma. I'm going to say who recorded this? How many people in the universe could possibly tell you the freaking ribbon since probably me and maybe chicken egg if he was lucky ever cheated. Maybe. I know that. Maybe baby by a buddy Holly. Remember that maybe baby? He was not. No. But he was overrated. Yes. But not the legend. Oh, God. Am I a fool or what? 721 votes on the pole? The worst thing that out of town Superb will be able to discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers to 20. They want to move here 142. The quality of customer service 68. Our driver is 55. Our traffic congestion 54. South Beach is only a few blocks. It's just a few blocks. The rest of the place is like a toilet. South Beach 42. Plus is a bunch of plastic queens. With about 40 pounds of jewelry around their neck. I got to be honest. I haven't been on South Beach in just years and years. Neither in a cool nass Zay and I'm not the hurriedo. Neals callers 31 and of course those who are visiting this week haven't had the pleasure of the displeasure of hearing what we usually get. Our local pine they won't either because I only got an hour and forty nine minutes. It's not that I'm counting. Our local politics and politics is 29. The class of living 29. Our local radio stations. Oh, fam. 17. Fat. As they say in Norway. Our crime rates 16 are over priced restaurants 10. Gators topping up in our yards. Do not. I'm telling you don't put your off hand on the back of the Gators sale. Oh, jeez. Jump on it. They like it. Yeah. Right. Gators topping up in our yard five and armageds. Gators 31. You got to shot it. I don't know something. Maybe I'll leave early. Now that thing about Molly Evans. That was really very sad. Just the race. Right. Because there's so few people living in the city. And of course, right from the beginning of this one. I was screaming. It's all about oil and money. That's all it's all about. They're going to stick the queue. Of course, how did that work out? Yeah. Yeah. That was really good. Oh, yeah. The oil is going to pay for the war. Right. That's correct. Not. So many times after 11 at 5. 16. W. You. Well, still. W. Looking for love and we're this episode Wait, it's up but it's hit. You're stolen from my face. All the words out of my ass. I'm a paid bye-bye. Rollin' on my mind. Rollin' on my mind. Rollin' on my mind. All the way. I can be good looking or a bad every age By looking or maybe just straight Look at all my dull little friends that I've got so far Cooling online, cooling online All the time, you're performing online You're so defined to say, you got to have no doubt Cooling online, cooling online Cooling online, cooling online I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I'm leaving you where to be lonely You never know it's my reason for nothing but life Cooling online, cooling online Cooling online Cooling online, cooling online Let's share your moment, say it's my reason Take care for the fact that youreich the time Cool your future by Cool when online, while in online Cool when online Cool when online Cooling online, like online, then like online Don't step on another at the end. Let it be in 5, 60, WDQAM. Now what is this cartoon you send me? Oh it's start gazing with Miss Jack Orchheim or how she did it. That's the cartoon that somebody tried to fix. So they just set me the link and I printed it up off the computer here so you can actually read it. Oh, blah, blah, blah. Is this a Institute of Blue Moon? Yeah, if you wish. How it started. Let me tell you right now there's only one moon that I like better than Moon. That's the one. Trust me what I'd tell you or not as a case may be. Well, that's another thing. What does that mean? Trust me what I'd tell you. Even write that in the video. I'll have to put it in your thing. I don't know. It's one of my things you didn't always say. Of course I have. No, but you use it frequently. Never the one. Why do I use it frequently? I don't know. Or another one I'll use not too often because it's really stupid. I'll be honest with you. Well, which implies that everything else you're saying is a big fat freaking lie. But I'll be honest with you this one time. Maybe like if Greg Reads said that, you know, we say a lot of things. It's a obvious thing. I'll be honest with you. I wouldn't believe it anyways. Just that's a filler. It's a verbal filler. Is that what it is? Herbal filler. To fill in? Yeah. I see. I mean nothing. Blue Moon. Green cheese. I mean it's hard to read a cartoon on you. No, no, no. I actually read your own edificate. The cartoon's of OIC. The cartoon is a picture of Miss Horkheimer. She's holding a finger up in here. Look at that one. She's standing under the moon as my line. Blue Moon. You want to go the more self. All right. Yes, you are. See there. Good night. One's not a target. You've got to get the year. Oh, 58. No. 60. 60. 60. 60. Yeah. All the ball. The ball. The ball. All right. So what's the point about this? I mean just whatever. Reading is fellow star geysus. Miss Horkheimer. It's become common. I'll get the blue moon is the second full moon. Anyone month that happens about once every 2.72 years. Oh, I wonder. I'm not familiar with that blue moon. I must miss out on those at 2.72 years. But that's not what I want to talk about. His Miss Horkheimer. You see the real blue moon is stuck to derive from common language expressions. You use well over 400 years ago. Boy, is this your education or what? No, I'm freaking so much. Remember that? From your 10 years. 400 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Seriously, of all the things. You know, when you talk about regrets of all the things in my life. Then I regret. If I had to do over again, if I could live like from the age of say 14 to 30, 14 to 40, I had those years over. And there are a lot of the classes. I think it would just. You wouldn't see. I'd be so busy that I would probably be in a 24 or seven and oxygen type. I don't know what. Long ago, sentences included references to blue moon or moon made of green cheese meant that there was obviously absurdity at hand. He thinks the moon is blue or she talks to the moon where made of green cheese or a little green men on the moon. We've heard that too about the men on the moon. Right. The moon men or the moon Knights. I think we're the same. No. Those guys are going to fry. I think we're going to use the same rope we hung on a side. Oh, there are my heroes of the moment. They are, too. Even the guy with a roster lot of authority has been lost. That's stuff. Oh, man. That's all they talk about. They're pretty bad to me. They talked about hair and who likes hair like that. No, no. I can't stand. Makes me gagged. Eventually these two moon phrases about the second meeting met of never. I attended a ship or returned by moon turns blue was like saying that it would happen on the 12th of never or simply number. I mentioned have that the 12th of never by Johnny mattress. Speaking of the African queen. Have you met the 12th of never? On Columbia records. No less. He's looking. He's looking. Johnny mattress. Come on. You can do it. No. Oh, what a shame. I got sun. Johnny. Some kind of mattress. What do you got? Chances are. You got that? I got this. I had no idea what that is. Go on. I don't want to see. I have no idea what it is. I don't want to hear it. It's not a big way to do it. What is it? What do I do? What do I do? That's not. Oh, yeah. I know what that is. That's not Johnny mattress. Oh, getting back to this. The moon can actually turn blue, especially after major volcanic eruptions and forest fires. The smoky particles and gases left in the sky can be of just the right size to scatter away red light. Leaving an excess of blue light. Blue moons were seen for two years after the 1803 crack 10 of square russian Indonesia. Crack a tan. Crack a towel. Crack a towel. What is it? Crack a towel. Yeah. Like if you don't watch me. You know who is crack a towel? Well, if you walk into a wall man, it's a good way to crack a towel. Crack a towel. And Mr. what's your name? Horkheimer says, of course he's a man's hat. I don't want to be once in a blue moon. It kicks to be half a keep looking up. And there's the moon over his head. Moon over my alley. It's a smile on its post. And there's Mr. Horkheimer standing there looking like a real silly girl. She's still alive. I'm a sore camera. She could be a day over 100. How old she? Last time I had around my show. I told you I just about frozen around the studio and he would never come back on my show again. You stay in all the time. Talk about, you know. What are you using in all of this? All of these are all of these for a lot of gazing. Start gazing. Are you starting to pick on this Horkheimer now? That's nice. He's a good guy. Here's a really nice fact. See this, you know something? Seriously. In the last 25 minutes, I get this facts. And I had a nice email message on my blackberry here. I'm ready to just smile like the moon man. Right there in that picture. I am a good doctor. Right exactly. Just like that. Whatever that means. I am. This is a nice sendoff. Or I can tell already this vacation is going to be a lot better. I'm telling you. Hold that up and put it in your pocket so that it's a blackberry. No, the little facts that you got. So if the plane does start to, you know, so that's a little bit of a... You can pull the paper out and read it. And you can't use your blackberry on the plane now. So I can't like wish anybody goodbye. Hey, it's been nice. Good luck right now. It's not going to happen. A lot of had a couple of flights, man. Where I thought, oh okay. This has been really nice. It's been a nice life, but you know, we've all, I guess if you fly a lot, we've all had those. But it says, as you get, this is a nice fact. As you're getting set to leave on vacation and before the plane may go down. Ha ha ha ha ha. Neil, you are a good guy, a legend. That's sweet. That is. She says, people are actually being nice to me this half hour. I mean, probably a nice 1130, but that's really nice. Almost brings a tear to my eye. Just like that Molly Ivens, I don't know why I was getting so emotional about it. Molly Ivens, think about Paul Kirtman. It's just, I don't know. I wouldn't have got so emotional. Remember yesterday we were watching and they showed clips of her on CNN. Yes. And that's what you start to emotional about somebody that you liked and that you see in my there. And then like, oh, they're dead. Geez. See that's another reason after that. If I saw you punk's out there, don't get old. Because then all the people that you liked and you admired and you were friends with, they all die. Yeah. And you're still around, which I guess is better than the alternative, like you died. And I'm saying, oh, gee, I sure miss you, but whatever. It's just the way the Lord makes you. You know, he works in mysterious ways and he's a miserable, hateful son of a bitch too to Lord. You know that. They'll come. 26 past 11 at 2 a.m. That's what Friday you bested. I didn't realize in real. For no reason at all. Unless you run on this land. For make you all day fall. You know you to murder me. For something to say. There's no close down trouble. Bring someone gay. And everybody's in real. What they should it be. Hey, from girl and I, friend. Which isn't too busy. That doesn't mean you need to be real. Or a prescription. If you're a father, just like no gift to them. Every body, every heart. And cover their own eyes. If you just threw one jack. For smoke the little ground. You know, he too gonna read. For make it racial swear. Or if you're under way. have been to be heard. Reads not boring, soft skin. Or something you need to spend. Reads not boring, boobies, grays, or fun. And not to sing. You know he's doing a re-hem. Just to calm the tide. And control your ego. Stop making a mind. So what do you think? You need to make savings. You're going to rehab. And of course, Senator McCockowitz would be in McCocka. And with the cage here, what is it? Koonass and all this other stuff. Oh no. You better be real careful. What you say in America, man. Because unless you're politically correct, they're going to come and get your Koonass. I'm telling you that right now, or any other kind of ask you got. Whatever you got, they're going to come and get it. Not that I'm defending either one of those goofballs, especially Joe Jallon. What a bigoted. Oh, you know, he's a drooling Yahoo is what he is. I mean, is there any other kind of shoes? Have we done it's drooling Yahoo? Is there any other kind of a Yahoo? No, they're all drooling. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Neo. Yes, sir. It's that voice that says you like it. Yeah. Where's that from? What's it from? Do you like it? That's that Bokha Brian bear with the Brian Wilson Bitty does. It's chicken-ac, Bokha Brian. You played the chopping sound for me? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Are you there yet? Do you want to play it again? Yeah. How many times do I look at the right here? I mean, the day before the day of vacation. With me, it starts about a week before, you know, about a week before the vacation. And from, oh, don't question your mind. Is it really on this show? I mean, I don't want to like apologize because I'm doing a fine job here. If you ask me, I'll tell you, yeah, I'm doing a great job. But my mind is all over the place, you know, especially like on Ginnons, a plane, and and then when to play in lands, you know, and you're why you get in the cab and you go to your nice five star hotel. And then you walk out and you see all these beautiful people and just waiting after years at all. And controversial, you think of a dish. Beats boy Brian, but it's a fantastic idea. You're going to run out of the collection of his latest composition. Thanks for granting us this interview Brian. Brian, do you have any idea how he targeted you sound? That's 50. So what I mean, here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early beach boy recording session. Hey man, you can like it. You're not in the kitchen. Oh, keep your. My ears. Man, okay. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is okay. Do you like it? Oh, that's very nice Brian. Do you like it? It's a little hard to dance too. Do you like it? You have very, very nice Brian. The Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition. Do you like it? Oh yeah. Master Capio, available now on eBay. Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going it. Do you like it? Oh, and let me also ask you this. Do you like it? Yeah, a little, a little of variation on the theme. So that's what that came from. It gave us an excuse to play that and kill another minute and a half. The Brian Wilson bit. Germany charges CIA agents with kidnapping will have democratic congress make our constitution whole again. That's what they do of course. By well-inburger and the smurfling chimp. He says, Germany has become the second European country to wish you a rest of the country. For the last year Italy charged 23 CIA agents with a kidnapping of a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milan, possibly with unauthorized tough eviddlies, top-intelgency. Hasan Mustafa Oles, Salam Al-Azabat, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, and the president of the United States, Mustafa Oles Salam Al-Azabat, was then sent to Egypt or he remains in prison amid the allegations that he too was tortured. The case was killed by an opponent of Bush ally Silvia Burlusconi, but we have under Burlusconi successor. Speaking of Kirk Silvia Burlusconi. Neither of the Germans were the attendants, expecting the CIA agents to surrender or to travel to countries within the EU, where they might be sent into a rest next edition, but prosecutors in both countries want to send a belated message that the CIA no longer has an unlimited license to kidnapping, and trans-trips us by its from an EU territory. As is traditional for US officials, when Kirk Frettele was having invaded the wrong country, or killed at church units, and people, the US refused to make a man's. US officials haven't publicly admitted any gover responsibility. In December 2005, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, that's the one that the Bush came up from behind to put his hands on her shoulders, remember that, and released food. If you said US Secretary of State Condom Lees, or Rice acknowledged an emitting in Berlin of all places, and the country had been erroneously taken, but US diplomats denied she had done so. A year later, when asked by reporter Washington, whether the US owed Mosby in Apology Rice to Clyde or Waffer 1, we've tried to deal with this case the way that is responsible, and you know, that's all going to say about it, she said of course, kind of Lees, all right. We've tried to deal with this case the way that's responsible, but you pretty much blew that opportunity when you give the CIA freeway to snatch people off the street and torture or kill them. Mosby is not the only such victim. Canadian citizens may or are was arrested by US authorities in San Francisco, or he was tortured before being portrayed to Canada and clear to many terrorist ties. The Canadian government offered an official Apology, and a multi-million dollar settlement. The US government blamed Syria for reneging on its good as gold from a snob to torture or wire, and has kept him on the US no fly in terrorist watch lists. And let me tell you they're still pretty peeled and porked off about it here. The Senate is investigating the aromad of unfortunately, one of the senators involved is Republican Arlin Spector, whose practice is to talk tough and fold early and confronted with administration atrocities. Although Spector's role on run a position to impose his bluff and full tactics upon the entire Senate Judiciary Committee, he still apparently enjoys the confidence that Democratic Senator Patrick Lehi is replacementist committee chair. No one outside the Bush administration is anyway of knowing exactly how many people the CIA has kidnapped, and how many of those were tortured to kill violent custody, and how many of those, how many in addition to El Masry and Iraq, were victims of mistaken identity, or dinosaur intelligence. Given the large number of Guantanamo prisoners have been released for lack of any evidence that they were involved in any anti-US activities, the chances seem good that the two of us and men we know about are not isolated mistakes. Given the administration's insistence on immunizing US personnel and charges of war crimes, a human rights violation of the US law, something Spector Fredid about, and then supported. The chances seem even better sooner or later, one of those mistakes will have his day in court. So here we are, proud owners of a country that thinks nothing of implementing and refining practices champion by the Soviets, communist China and other bansions of light and democracy. We all in a country that can't afford to take responsibility for mistakes, less to be forced to take responsibility for what it's done deliberately. Here's a suggestion for senators, Leahy and Spector, and could this legislation repeal the military commissions act and strict abortion administration and its fact totems of immunity for whatever violations of the Geneva conventions and US law they may have committed. And for this legislation to explicitly outlaw the outsourcing of torture to countries that are in theory, less scrupulous than the US. And should this legislation explicitly guaranteeing the right of habeas corporate straightaway and detained or arrested by any US agency. Stop worrying about whether or not the US had cause to shift mayor, arraar, or call it al-Mazvi off the civilier Afghanistan to be tortured and start worrying about whether or not the US has any business shipping anyone anywhere to be tortured. Don't let Albert Gonzalez thank you like his private monkey when you ask information about what constitutional perversions he's authorized. In fact don't ask him at all, tell him to give it up for faces of Pena. The US is engaged in practices that should land us on our own list of human rights violators if that's acceptable to the democratic Congress spread it out so we can vote for people with less flexible moral compasses if that isn't acceptable put it writing stand up for this country in its constitution or get the hell out of the way says well then burger. What if he's kind of handled in burger from perimation remember that? Of course you did. I did. Who died of a lung cancer because he was smoking. Don't smoke baby. That's what George says don't smoke. Why do you best? Yes sir. Yes. I'm wondering if I'm going to talk about this. Excuse me. About what? About what? Biggest cars and boats. We're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any my friend. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm down the floor. I have a deep plan. I'm standing. I'm a regular body. You're not in the floor. No. Well it is. All bridges over Navigbo waterway. Yes sir. Okay. Okay. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir? I'm telling you the thing come up with the times. Well what is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times sir. That they are not open to marine traffic. Other than that they are open to marine traffic. So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for the other. I'm not so willing to wreck. Well what kind of a common as much a traffic is there? That is not a common as much a traffic. Sounds like a kind of an end of all that. This tiny pickle. I feel it's a little bit. Wait. Exactly. I'm going to stop for 5,000 cars. Is that it? No I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do. Man you better know your law is missing because you should not. That's right. I just told you what the damn bridge is called. Two boats are making a hole. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch the MTV and get the hell out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuttle. You know let them use them as part of the possible. I think they ought to go out of a George Washington bridge and jump all of our bridges. How do you like that sir? Well I don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiotic. Amen. You probably shot that I played that today right? I'm shocked that you played that today or any other day. What the hell is this? Well I'm looking at my black words. Like some pornographic thing here. I don't even know what that is. I'm probably shouldn't even open it. Fine. Yeah. Well that all depends on what kind of portals you do. You're a great one. Well good bye, Gracian. I'm going to test out all the time too. And all the time sure. It was a scam. The report as bad. Isn't that sweet? Well I'm going to let's take a look at that pull and see how George is doing. So those of you speaking to the pull and the Super Bowl who are wondering, well who's this flag on here right now? It's not talking about the Super Bowl, so on the on this fourth station. Well once George gets on it one day since I'm leaving for my vacation and getting on here one, he'll be talking heavy. Heavy duty about the bears in the cold, baby. He'll have your choice. Super salad. He wouldn't know. Rest Grossman from Ted Grossman. But anyway, who? 784 votes on the poll. The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is. So many non-English speakers 233. I guess I better play that, huh? No, some playing a lot of chestnuts today. Well what kind of a term is that either? Old chestnuts. And so over, I haven't heard it. You know about that term? Chestnuts rose to the open fire though. You know, it's on the mattress again, the African Queen. Uh, somebody knowing this speaker is 233. If you're in Dave County especially, we'll discover not America. It's a zone for in country with its own foreign policy. It's a banana republic, but nevertheless, they want to move here 161. Well if you think you want to move to South Florida, let me just make this suggestion to you. If you ever make that mistake, don't unpack. Don't do it. They call the customer service every 4 or driver 63 are traffic congestion 53. Oh, you don't want to know from it. South Beach is only a few blocks 47. That's right. Just a few blocks of artsy, artsy, artsy and the decoshemekko and, uh, you know, glitz and that's it. The old car is 33, which, uh, quite frankly, what's going on last three days, huh? It's been a real Mahaya, hasn't it? Yes, it has. Our local politics in politics in 32, which quite frankly, if you're visiting, if you're visiting for a ball game, anywhere like the world's serious sort of Super Bowl or the stand-up finals, who cares about the local politicians, but nevertheless, whoever made this pull and we thank them for a few sleep, by the way. Charlie, thank you, Charlie. I'm looking at it right now. He, he emailed it to you. So I don't want him to feel bad, but he did put that on there, not not too good, Charlie. The cost of living 32, and again, what it was that I have to do with visitors, but nevertheless, our local radio station, 17, and we apologize for that, most of them really suck, especially the maple leaves four days to cross the street that Joel Fimergans did, he got a lot of money, and so they went to frequency from Jefferson pilot and Dennis Collins and pretended to do in a sports station, but a lot of losers primarily, but nevertheless, that the frequency from Jefferson pilot and Dennis Collins and pretended to do in a sports station would have much of losers primarily, but nevertheless, local radio station, 17, our crime rate, 17. In fact, South Florida is a crime. Our overpriced restaurant, 11, Gators popping up in our yards, five, do not put your finger on the Gators tail, you maniac, and our mosquitoes, three, solamente trace out of 787. You got a legitimate shot at 800. What, L. Well, what do you think? I mean, 794, we got like 800 by noon, y'all, we actually could do this. I mean, if you get to the thousandth day and then they'll fear us, then they will fear you. Let me tell you that right now, then they will fear you. I don't know why they'll fear you, but if you get a thousand votes, because across the street, they know that's more or less than they got into weeks, a thousand. Oh, he's got a thousand votes, there must be somebody listening and keep in mind, like what? One out of eight million people vote on that thing, so we've got like 800 million people that's been right now, almost makes me nervous, but not quite. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Daniel? Yes, sir. How are you today? Excellent. At least you could talk to the Super Bowl in this radio stage. Yeah, I know. Very funny. Take your Super Bowl in jam, and in fact, am I suggesting you as certain till two o'clock to 787, no go sit on the bowl, okay? Couldn't hurt. Probably be a good idea, and since you sound like you're so full of it, probably be a lot of physical good too. Do your kids squeeze good. Remember that song? Do your kids squeeze good? No. Treat your children well for the tune of that. WDQAM, huh? What was it I didn't hear it? Oh, okay. I thought it was like something worth hearing your crank, you know? But it wasn't. Sorry. WDQAM, hello. No, it really stinks about Miami. No, sir. Box! Like, he didn't have an excellent point. There's no question. Yes, he did that. Not that. It's not going to get on the ear. Stating the obvious is no way. He was telling us about something that really stinks in Miami, and then of course he went with me about Joyce's body part, which of course we are going to say on the ear. It was not by the way. Correct. But in the territory. In the general, in the general of the same zip code. Yeah, the same zip code I would say would be. Although in her case, one can't be sure without maybe a tape measure. Oh, God. See, that's what happens when you push your luck. And I've only got another hour and eight minutes. And then I've got to get you an alcohol transfer. Yeah, I know. This seriously, this day, I don't know what it is. Why I do know part of what it is. But this day is one of these signature great days of my life. Or really good. Maybe that's why you took two choices this morning. Oh, more than that. Really? Oh, yeah. I see it in there a couple of times. Yeah. Let me say it again when you go on zip planes. And look at the way those phones are ringing like crazy. But I got more than poor stuff here. Now do you feel like when you're going on a plane, do you feel like, because you know, you hear that washing sound as soon as you open up the lid there on the can? No, you don't. You don't. No, you don't. You want to hear that when you flush. And it's just the suction is coming in. Exactly. Well, that's, you know, are you afraid that like you're going to get sucked out of the plane? No. Oh. A press release. I mean, I could say, yeah. Oh, yeah. I think I can. Man, from that a good idea. But if you're, if your body, you think my body is going to go through the bottom of a toilet on a plane. I'm coming on. Well, maybe not your body. I'm going to be an answer to it here in there. But I'm not exactly about slim and trim. Let's see. Let's see. Let's go zoom in. Ah, yeah. Don't be picking on Chris. He's doing a fine job. He's still a waste on the straighter in your old path. Yes, sir. Good. Although all that food you're going to be getting in there, that is not going to do you good. If I was down there, I'd be dead already. All these people, all you really ought to come back to so afforded. You need to be here. If I was there, I'd be in a box already. And look at what people would have missed out on at that point, you know? The honor of meeting a legend. Oh, brother. You see, that's one thing about people. I'm not even going to win it. I'm just one of those people. It's not all that exciting in person. And you would agree with that. I'm just not a ball of fire. You know, just me. I'm just a guy. You're just good company. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, she says that and he already cares that check. I saw that. I personally issued a day by the landmark legal foundation, which was first thought of the Democratic Underground.com, an outstanding group has nominated nationally-symmicated radio-toxico host, Rush Limbaugh for the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize. Oh, my God. Exactly. I don't have the story about the algorithm. I don't tell me I should make a big comment. What? Huh? No, seriously, I got it here somewhere. I don't. And I must have tossed it. Well, that's not good at all. I mean, some out of sync here. It's all that excitement about playing the bridge tender. The group's president, Mark R. 11, said Limbaugh have nominated for his nearly two decades of terrible efforts to promote liberty, equality and opportunity for all human kind, regardless of race, queen, economic, strata, more national origin. As Rush, pops another couple of oxies there. According to the release, Rush Limbaugh services an unpaid member of landmarks board of advisors. That could have anything to do with that, do you think? No, that's just a coincidence. Somehow, I don't think that he's going to be getting a Nobel Prize. Rush Limbaugh. But nevertheless. And whatever happened, what was the upshadow of the story with the doctor shopping and all there? You know, we were going along and you get shut up, Charmy. Yeah, so many stories happen like that. And you go along and you get updates on it and you follow it. And then like, by the big, that's it. It's the end of it. It vanishes the story vanishes from the face of the year. What are you going to do? Nice college board. By the big. They want to get mixed up in the family business. Now you want to go down a police cap and why? Because he's left you in a face a little bit. What do you think? This is the army where you shoot them a mile away. You're going to get a close life. This is the big, you're blowing a plane all over your knife side. Relief suit. Come in. You're thinking that's very, very soon. Oh, all right. We might just play all the golf off the stuff between new and one. Not that I want to do that. That would be cheating. All right. No. You broke my life. You broke my life. You broke my life. Okay, that's how much I know Chris is favored line. I think they got. They can all eat. Go for your door smartman. This is an unpaid club. They just tell that they got great chopper canola's man. Oh, yeah, they do. They have good meat balls. We go there like it. We need to look to pick up your shirt. You're shoving your meatballs, sausages, little wine. They're we shoving your meatballs, bring them home in a pan and make your own green field pasta and shove the meat balls in there and have a ball. This is pretty good. Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. He gave his little baby some right to McDonald's. Now he wants the baby. What the hell was this? Guys, look in there a while. Because now he wants the baby. What the hell are already changed? But kids made the holly and now he wants the baby. I wonder if that extra children's willow he could stand. He wants the baby back. Baby the daddy is good boy. He's on a bus and with the one in fact like it over and do library books. He wants to get his baby back. He thinks that McDonald is a little boy crook and so he wants his baby back. He's a bit like the deal was coming with an option. He wants to get his baby back. He's not the definition of adoption. But he wants the baby back. Riding with a children's knowledge. Oh, I think it's the Harry Conning. He has a better life with a material girl. Our Thanksgiving Hillie turkey is that of a squirrel. But he wants his back. Without a better kid or self-fulfill attorney. Because daddy wants his baby back. His things are now worse than all we can with Bernie. He wants to get his baby back. Oh, I think that's the status of his own. He's on a bus and with the rental. He's a bit like the deal was coming with a baby back. Oh, I think it's the time to get his baby back. Well, I'm all wanted. Five, sixty, WDQM is our big 12-hour one hour. I think you've had a shot. I think when I set you up just perfect man. I'm going to hand it off just like in a relay race. Thanks, pops. I'm going to hand you the batong as in batong ruse. As in La Barra ruse. I still can't think of a name of that frog driver that drove those great horse Le Barra ruse. But nevertheless, don't start with that harness racing stuff. Now you lose the audience. 8008 votes on the pool. If we can get to nine, something by the end of the star. You can't really do that between one and two. When you think, you'd imagine. Oh, come on. You are so negative. What do you think Chris, if I handed out these guys over nine, or votes by one of our car, negative? I don't think we can get to a thousand today. It's better air. I said double in slash night. Definitely. And then, Bivalent, negative. Come on. Well, you don't really care. That's why you probably won up with nine 88 just to piss me off. And I'll stop the object and I'll copy it. You're not a cafe man. Look at on this and look at it. Everything over there. I'll be checking everybody out on there. I'll be spending a lot of time there, though. More than that. Oh, and this again for those of you stubborn people out there. Nobody wants to listen to me. They'll come. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm just a dummy. And I'm sure that there are people out there who've been on cruises. And had a wonderful time and great food. And they survived it. They came home alive and they're wife or girlfriend or boyfriend or whatever. Came back alive all in one piece. Looking for graduations. There are exceptions to everything. More than a hundred passengers and crew on the Holland American cruise ship, Poland, where we reported ill when it birthed at port Everglades early yesterday. Burn it at burden. Spokeswoman for the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Atlanta said A hundred and twelve people aboard the 1400 passenger ship were reported ill when the ship docked around 530 yesterday morning. The main symptoms you've reported were diarrhea and vomiting on a spell diarrhea right by the way. I have a hard time spelling that. How would you spell diarrhea? DIA RHEA. And next the upside are basically the internet place to the internet. I can't spell out loud. Now I have to write it down. How loud goes? The main symptoms reported were diarrhea and vomiting. The medication for checking people's tools to determine what cause the illness. Always mat and I write in the middle of lunch hour now. We just started 12 or four lunch hour and medical teams are checking people's tools. A lot of pleasant job that must be. Several of the parents. Ha ha ha. Or maybe they were sitting at the bar and they got sick. Those are the tools they're checking out. Hope so. Because it left me with kind of like an ill feeling right. Several of the passengers were unfazed by the incident after the ship tied up at birth 25. They had hand sanitizers everywhere said, Joan love of New Jersey. They really did a great job. Melba Formans of LA said her husband Andrew fell a bit funny a couple days ago but then he was fine. They took such great care of us form and said it was good to couple of bugs going around. Right. That's all. A couple of bugs like lady bugs. Now how come they are lady bugs like indigenous to only certain places? I don't know. I imagine they're replacing these lady bugs in Florida. Do you? Sure you do. I did? All over the place. No. The safety and security of our guests is our number one concern since this type of stomach flu can easily spread several rigorous cleaning and sanitizing protocols were implemented. Holland American statement said. The voldone down reported about 7.5% of the passengers on its current cruise ship suffer from a gastrointestinal illness. Oh, two bad we can't play that anymore. The ship was carrying 1385 people on it. Caribbean cruise that departed from ports ever lays in January 22. I'm surprised it didn't depart from port Saint loosely. The CBC plan to have staff members board the ship on Thursday to conduct an investigation. What one else this story from? Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. It's not what do I know. So maybe they did. Maybe they didn't cause it. The illness most likely is an outbreak of no role virus again, which spreads easily through personal contact and causes 48 to 72 hours of diarrhea and vomiting no matter how you spell it. But it's not otherwise a health risk. 48 to 72 hours of diarrhea and vomiting. Other than that, you have a good trip. Oh, yeah. It's very quiet to report out. What a bugletal authorities, but outbreaks at Resorts nursing homes and other locations on land are not systematically tracked at it. I'll see you in the morning aboard the Voldemort. The body of a 74 year old male passenger who died near Aruba several days ago. What is believed to be cardiac arrest was taken off the cruise ship after it pulled in the port according to the US Coast Guard and Broward Sheriff's Office for Sportswoman Vita Coleman Wright. And I'll talk to you being performing an exceptionally exact cause of death. But I wasn't believed to be the result of any ship born in Elizabeth, but then again on the other hand. After several days he died on the ship. That was to serve in a little gaming like James Brown's body. What do you think? That's not good. I keep warning you people. Don't waste your money on those cruises. About the only thing you can do is jump overboard. You know, when you start getting seasick and when the people around you try to be much at eight holes and when the thing really goes south and you waste all your vacation money in your time and there you are like a captive prisoner. You know, one thing about vacations, if you fly somewhere, like a time I went to Caracas. I was there for one day and I was there for one day and I was there for one day and I was there for one day. This is a crazy place. And in my hotel, the Sheraton Caracas downtown. There was an American Airlines office, you know, a travel office and I went in there and I booked a trip from Caracas back to Miami and then from there to Rome. Which of course I won't even a row, I'm 80 million times. But I thought I got this vacation time. Come here. I'm sure it's not going to waste in here and I've got to do their real fast. So when you're, when you're on land, when you're on land and you're not having a good time, you can always change your plans. But when you're at sea, I'm on those cruise ships, you're like a captive audience. And things go bad, things go south. And you have 48 to 72 hours of wild, screaming, diarrhea and vomiting. Probably not the best way to spend your vacation time. I could be wrong, but we're on least you're in a nice big spacious cabin. Oh, that is great. Great. Not. 824 votes on a pool. Worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers I keep forgetting to play that 248. Nobody speaks English, which is Bob and Tom, by the way. There's nobody but Christians. There it is. They want to move here, 167. Don't move to South Florida. Okay, first of all, for you on Saturday, plus we got too many people already in here. The quality of a customer service, 79, our driver's 68, traffic congestion, 60, don't go on a road, don't drive. You have to be a crazy person. South beaches only a few blocks. It's not like all the day and the road and even Palm Beach. Forget about that. 47. The cost of living 35 are local politics and politicians 34. Niels Colors, I wouldn't wish him on Hitler 33. Our local radio stations 18, our crime rate 18, our over-priced restaurants 12, it doesn't. Gators popping up in our yards five and our mosquitoes, our skaters, solumentate trace. John Fierrener, the taxi driver, federal park. You look at me so quish-a-gling. I could tell he was in the dog. So I acted out my pocket, she read. It was my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug, speaks English and a mongol. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beach where the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a little storm, but the guard has hoarse, no fun. I asked him, what kind of fortune beaming just 90 and a what does that mean? The butter's kitchen wish, I'm gonna mong. That's the corner's daily. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, stick English and mele. Are you gonna go back to the wall, alright? I came here, man, you ever go home? I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty well. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're in America now, stop making me sit. I'm gonna put it in my office, but it's dangerous, come on in a moron. I'm gonna go back to the wall, I'm gonna go back to the wall. I'm gonna go back to the wall, I'm gonna go back to the wall. I'm gonna go back to the wall, I'm gonna go back to the wall. I'm gonna go back to the wall, I'm gonna go back to the wall. I'm gonna go back to the wall, I'm gonna go back to the wall. See! Hello! Hello! Hi, hello, hi! Hey, hello! Hey, hello, hello! Hey, no! Sorry about my farewell, I didn't sign up. Right out here, not the fuck. You're a fuck. You're a fuck. No she here. You're a fuck pal. It's always. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the boss. No. That's a 15 and five, 60. We got the man dog at two from the, What is it? Radio Role. My seats is R.R. They're not like, it looks like Roosevelt raceway. We got the man dog in the Humphrey together. Hank Goldberg between three and six, three-shot hours of the power hours. As we hype and squeeze and the divided we can to take advantage of the superboiled activities and make his much money off as we can. Isn't that what it's all about? Absolutely. That's correct. That's correct. That's correct. That is correct. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I'm just amazing how many people we call in this day. I have a great vacation, Neil. And we'll see when you come back and George or Lou Gray like that. We just said that one really nice facts. Yeah. Save it for rainy day. Take a look at it. Take the facts with me. I think I've ordered it up here. And I'm sitting on it. If you're heart to know because you ought to keep track of this thing like I'm woodbind Wednesday. I have on my pantaloonies and my shirt and my shoes no less. Boy, am I going to end? And I've already empty my pockets. In other words, I have no more toys. I have no metallic. I have the key. I've got to lock my door on the way out. But that'll immediately go into my bag. You know, observing the 311 rule. What is that? That's the flight regulations that has something to do with how much liquid you can take with you. Oh, hey, listen for your mouth. Stay better. I'd better drain everything. No, because I only carry a carry on bag. All new people that take people that dug me the most when I fly or the people that were going away for like a week somewhere and they're taking like five years. They've got 16 suitcases, 45 big bags of husserai. You know, what is wrong with you people? You don't empty after a whole house when you go in on vacation. You don't take everything along with you. What a bunch of idiots. But anyway, I've learned over the years to travel with like one carry on bag. You know, be one, but that's the way to go. It's smart. You don't go check in no bags. And of course, as a result, I can't pack no shaving cream, no mouth wash, no toothpaste, no, uh, what am I living now? No after shave, all of these things. And so what you do when you get to where ever it had you going is, you know, you're going away, uh, supermarket or into a drugstore. And you buy these, you know, they, this small sample size is if you're cheap. Or if you're a big spender like me, you go in and get the, whatever. Get whatever you want to be one. I'm, I'm leaving you in good hands, man. Eight, fifty, four. We're going to have over 900 votes on the pool by a one o'clock in the, uh, we only had two something when we started this morning. Thanks to Erick's, uh, did learn around last night where he was out in the bout. And he, he's entitled, you know, he's entasing, I had a rough life. It means he was swept away by tornadoes just took him that long. Even even though about no freaking tornadoes, you told me that that's the amazing part. Talk about oblivious. Talk about where there's no sense there's no feeling that kind of stuff. So no, I can't do the or whatever that rule is. I can't, the carry no, so someone have to buy, uh, two paste. And after shaving shaving cream, I think I can handle it. Don't you probably, for a few euros, or I always think I can probably handle that. I'm curious who has cactus pet. I don't often get into a big deal about who these people are right. These, uh, and why does it say at the end here? Or I see something about Molly. I have, and again, I don't want to get all emotion we get about four Molly. She died. Uh, in fact, it's just on this working chip. It doesn't even say a damn thing about who cactus pet is. And who the hell cares? It says Hillary Clinton embraces her inner warm, mongering self. Huh? I know you'd like to start a call. And the first report to the Hillary Clinton Roadshow in Circus's first visit to Iowa, the headlines read Clinton concedes role in authorizing war. House special, she decided not to be can't understand can vote for Bush's war or aggression, like most every other Democrat with presidential aspirations is done. I take responsibility for having voted to give him that authority. She said, my focus is on what we do now. That is the proper debate. I can't figure the calculus behind this stubbornness. And obviously, the MSM, the mainstream media, isn't that a pressure on the issue? Rather by Sunday morning, your press flags had managed to have the headlines changed to Clinton, Iraq war, Bush's responsibility, and other puff and height bush bashing during her storming of Iowa. So we're left with Hillary embracing her inner warm, mongering self. No apologies. No. She can't show any side of weakness. Does that remind you of anyone else we all know? As if admitting one's past mistakes, isn't a sign of strength, a sign of moral fiber, a quality of his play for all the sea. But you should have said it a lot of the statement. My past mistakes, a lot of every day. An indication of humility and intelligence. I'm not going to make public progress to the nation. It says, but I can't help feel the refusal to consider mistaken vote for Bush's illegal war. Won't be hot in your air-restepped away on her march to the presidency, to which we can only say Iraq. Good. Racks demand, late-tay right now. And you people out there, all you bear stands. You've got the president right there from your state. Right from Illinois, as some illiterate people say. I do know that they say Chicago and Illinois. If you want to know why? Because there's so many morons in America. So many uneducated fools. That's why you've got a doro bird for your president. Because what did I tell you the first time when they fixed the one in 2000? They voted for him because they can relate. They like stupid because they can relate to stupid. They figure he's on their level. Like that. Kind of like a abugar. Right. Just like that. And that's the freaking truth. A-50 and under pull. I bet if I were a freshman, you'll see I'm going to put you over the top. I'm working feverishly to give you a chance for that. Which, uh, eight 69. Oh, they're coming in massive chunks down there. It's like the melting of the polarized map. Massive chunks. Eight 69. Can you smell them? Maybe that's the guy that's 74 year old guy that died on the cruise ship. They got dead bodies on there. They got the neuro virus. They got people with wild diarrhea and puking their guts out. But hey, we hope you had a nice cruise. And please join us again someday. You suckers. You idiots. You fools you. Eight 69. Chris has got to come in there and spank you with a machete. But I think it's sitting there. Is it still sitting on that, uh, eight 71? Oh, I told you it threw it out. It didn't, uh, really. You threw it out? Yeah. They might have been the one that, uh, OJ used. We might have had the evidence right there. We could have sold it on eBay for about five million. No, that was dull. We know the one that we can have. They can have eBay. Whatever. They moon and I haven't tracked back. They pulled it and, uh, that was it. Yeah. I am making it. I don't think you can pull the moon and I. Well, whatever. It was on eBay yesterday and it was up to five grand already for one of the moon nights that they, they were going to blow up the whole city of Boston with a coin in May or many. No, who's actually, he's got about 40 pounds of elephant dug in his mouth. But then blue blue blue blue like that. What an idiot. You know, who else just speaks like that a little bit and who's not also a really idiot. It's Ray Nagan. Yeah. See, I'm not going to find that. I can't find that anymore for some reason. I have no way. I used to play it all the time. Remember? I do. Ray Nagan can't be man. But the Nagan can't. I said no. How about under R? There's our Kelly. Oh, what a surprise. Who's something like a moon? What a shot. Every time he's seen. Get the wig on. Watch the debate. Once the day comes in and cover it and sleep. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. He wants to make new or leads to sleep. And I don't care what people are saying. Because like, I can't see Jantison. We have black people. His diamonds are the diamonds. Show the goddess man. He compares the locals to a really long departure. Shot. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Yes, Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. There's the ones to make new or leads to sleep. It's kind of what to come together. That's time for us to rebuild a new oralance. The one that should be uptown or wherever they are. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new orals. He never takes the blame for anything he says. Chocolate. Happy and with a dose that chocolate in some coffee and a full off-one for this. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. No, I can. Ray Nagan can. There's the ones to make new or leads to sleep. You can't have no all this no longer wait. It was me to walk. Did you know anything about chocolate? From my controversy, no mirror of no wars. Comes a brand new chocolate tree. This will be chocolate. We're easiest to peel off buttercobs. How did you make chocolate? These are delicious. We're going to dark chocolate. They dark chocolate. They're on a super normal peanut butter. And because it's Ray Nagan's racist peanut buttercobs. All the peanut butter has been moved off and replaced with chocolate. That's the chocolate I'm talking about. Just a ray gone intended. It's still way God wants it to be. We sure try the delicious chocolate drink. Make it quick. Mix it with rice milk. And it becomes a delicious drink. For chocolate, it's a lunch on both dry. Ways his pieces. You can't have chocolate. No other way. And of course, they're we elected him because he's never been a boxer. Rockson, so are they too. That's one thing about no leans. Baby and Louisiana. Nothing I want to pick on the metric a trainer. Nothing like that. But it's a racist, a grotesque. And of course, all that Southern comfort and house by use of. It's a nasty place. It was before Katrina and now a super nasty because this president. And they're the congress generally speaking. Don't care about dark folks because America's a racist place. But nevertheless, don't start picking on America. You, unamerican piece of tour. Next, they'll be seeing you broadcasting from Canada. 879 and I bet you have a refreshing eight. Oh, they are pouring in in big massive chunks. I've had 80. I've got 87. I'm way ahead of you. How do you like that? I'm a zillion miles away here. My computer is as fast as lightning when it's working. What they was that? That was a bad day. That was a bad morning. Yeah, I was under a lot of stress. Was that Tuesday morning? Something like that. Can't really hear it. And there was the internet wasn't working. That thought was because they had that power outage. Uh, then I had a call and get a crawl around on our hands and knees on the floor. I know other people out there saying, well, you probably got a lot of experience doing that. Everybody's a comedian, you know? That would be surprised to someone that we've got experience to doing some really amazing things. And we certainly couldn't even think about here on here much less discussed, but never less, more power to you. If you're having a good time, uh, more power, like I said, all I didn't have more power there, it's 617 and more in my phone rang Tuesday. That's you, dude. We're going to go home. Where is the button? My mouth is getting no trouble. That's when you go. So he's going. You got to drive back and back and you stop out. So close. You're actually going to go. Oh, it's going so good. What's going on? Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Come on. Go on. Go on. ido When you go home, go on. ok. Don't go away. That's 숫 uppo We got to catch the two. You got to go home. Keep going all over We're going You know, we just covered that yesterday. I'm gonna haven't played that in a city in the years and I just done a smitten with that. I just love it. It is great. You know what else is great that we could play to one? Oh yeah, 911 works by today. I got you all set up now, man. Let me score one. We're gonna play that out one till two. Wouldn't be a bad idea. And of course, what's the kind of doing with the Super Bowl? That's the problem. These people in South Florida right now, what I want to hear about is the Bears, the Coals, the Coals, the Bears, Sandy Peyton Manning, hey Sandy. I mean the Peyton. You're fairie. Let's see what this fact is. You just said that you have it a lot of Chris Matthews last night. No, when I have dinner, I don't want to watch him on a full stomach. Okay, makes me nauseous. Talking out of the side of his mouth and talking about politics. And one point discussing the Joe Biden Gaff Matthews before the Jesse Jackson was mentioned in the Ray Niggin bit as one of the greatest orders in our history. Almost choke at my mutton. It says, one of the greatest orders in our history. Jesse Jackson. Oh my that could be the same Jesse Jackson. It's got the love charm. We go level in the wake of Reverend Jay. You won't give me something. Apparently Jesse that play. He's a bigger, how many ribs you've been. I've got meat now all the papers. You put the baby and we just will the boys pay for us. Be fine. Get out of here. And you play you play. Like this, I see. Not mine. Yeah. He's in trouble. It would seem all the hell. We go back. The big part of the intensity. Yeah. The body of the Jesse Loss was not in the case dream. Damn, I'm hungry. Just a tiny round. The obeloss is with his who he could. I need to know that expensive soup and bread you kill girl. Baby, you be the little wist man. In the demo he gave her a world. So he doesn't mean what I mean. Makes you wanna hurt her. But it's a... You're just gonna get up. Love, try. Damn. Got to buy the makes to you. Will the voice favors be fine? Yeah. Give me one round and ready. You're like this spicy, not my own dad. I'm gonna need some more money. Should I go away? See? Come on, yeah. Give me some of that ramer money. Big part of the intensity. You know, isn't he? Yeah. Give me no fucking blood. With his balance, be you. Yeah. You're like a toothpick. And this was not an outcase dream. I'm hungry, man. He's one of the most articulate, Raymond, a spokesman, and a history of mankind. Jesse Jackson. What is love child? A great story. You just sent me here. William, I don't want to use anybody's last name. William, he's got a last name. Give it a round of a low piano in the mail. A big important? This gave it a mail. This was a letter. This was a letter and it was written January 29th. It came from the state of Washington, Stala Cum, Washington, which I never heard of that in my life. But nevertheless, I say that. Stala Cum with an M with an M. Got it? Got it? It's a cool mass. It says, dear Mr. Rogers, my firmly believe you are my family. Second, I'm so choked up from this. I'm going to get emotional. Let's try to stop. You know what I'll take. Everybody's been way too nice. We've had good calls. And that one fast I got before about having a wonderful trip. Which, according to coming from South Florida, and this email that was so nice that I got from one of my close personal friends I actually saved it. You ever gave us save a message like on your, you know what I mean? Yeah, sometimes for reference if there's information on their like somebody's a dream. No, and I'm didn't save for that purpose. Just because it touched the cockles of my heart with sweet. And, and out this, this is over the top from where you're in Stala Cum, Washington. My family believe you are one of the greatest radio personalities around. Well, let me say this to you, Bill. Absolutely correct. So I'm not just one of the greatest I'm legendary. Your radio programs are some of the most frank and interesting. We have ever listened to. How do you like this? Oh my god, let me go change my pants now. We were wondering if I could obtain your autograph or note about your, your most interesting radio program. I would be very grateful. I know my whole family will be thrilled to hear from you. Thanks in advance for your reply. Wish your great happiness and everything life can give you. Oh, I'm going to read that again because that is so, I mean, do you think this is, the, the, the, the, the, the atmosphere. Let me check the all envelopes. See, you know, it came from the state of Washington and come from somebody in Florida because, generally, I mean, there's some nice people in Florida. Thank goodness for that. A few. You did. accounts. Many people are missing here in Florida is two long. On some days I'm excited with my PC videos. All of the same because a realgo has been sending your culture. Man I never want to why? That's probably one of my friends when I have something to do on his island as far in the island as far as it, I have something to do on his island. Well, he's going to one of the στη, Oh, um, do you know what I'm talking about? go into the local tell uh... you're going to Europe so what's up to make you stick i don't want to stay okay i don't want to watch around sticking out of the no stick in european man and then and by the way the people uh... where i'm going don't think everybody should only smell like them and look like them and dress clean cut and beautiful and well groomed and uh... horny i mean just wonderful oh trust me when i was talking to my fingers crossed i'm in fact i'm taking a surf party with me uh... please please i'm gonna get religion now while i'm on the plane please putting my hands together please god anyway just cut the crap okay you have a good time no matter what i said you're all over the city has got lots of great brought works it says my family but i'm reading this again i know i just got through reading it and i'm not you know very much into self-reendizement because i think that they're really blows but it just it's just such a breath of fresh air it's so nice because in twenty minutes i'm gonna fly out the door and my camp guys gonna possibly over the airport and then not that my flight's much later on by the way i could have left it too but i'm happy that you see i'm not lying about that i'm gonna tell you i could have left it too and still have plenty of time but you know what what i don't want okay how do you like that again i knew what time to play leaves but it's that's all right i'm gonna be time to relax going to the business lounge and sit there and relax and put my feet up on the chair and smoke a big stogi well i wish i still could manage one of the things i miss in life it's spoken a big fan stogi god you know i'm just like you i still spoken a big fat one only my case it means a cigar anyway bull says my family believe you are one of the greatest video personality around your radio programs is some of the most frank and interesting we have ever listened to we were wondering if we could obtain your autograph or a note about your most interesting radio program i'd be very grateful to know my whole family will be thrilled to hear from you thank you to advance for your reply we wish you great happiness and everything life can give you oh seriously that is so nice say what when you get back in the vacation yeah i'll send you up with your pictures yeah i can send it to him that's just nice i'd say a very nice very nice right you decided to fire it off so thanks a lot build a your fan you and a got some is shpoha and all the other we're going up there watching it's a beautiful thing or even love seawriders yeah got a good body he johnny one second yeah he might give me more sunsling i don't know over here yes dear oh get your drinking one second yeah he did any more i need a vacation for my vacation no problem it's easy with vacation vacation a brand new service that turns us stressful family vacation into a relaxing get away of solitude sounds great out of the work it's easy vacation vacation kidnapped you from your family vacation dotting in the middle of the night and with two way what are you doing don't worry sir where from vacation vacation we're taking you back home with our family that's right who's we want your back home our vacation vacation specialist who'll take the phone up and look disconnect the doorbell turn on the TV and deliver the pizza and be wow great vacation i mean vacation vacation you're ready to get away from getting away call vacation vacation 1961 for you got it made in the shade we're gonna have like almost a thousand by the top of the hour so it's so no no great feet on your part i don't want to take anything away from it but never love you'll fit i'm really glad to see i feel good about this because i'm not the only person who does this and i'm sure you probably don't have to somebody will send you a message like an email or something and you'll i'm not going to say take it to wrong way necessarily but you're like you'll read things into with the night we leave their worn intended yeah and of course i had heard that for my mother who was gloom and doom you could have found a million dollars cash and small bills in her backyard and she'd have found somebody's to get upset about it i hair and hair that trade you know like oh i don't know so the guy that sent this fact earlier that i told you it was so nice now was sitting on it and it was in my rental omees he says very seriously i'm sorry it took offense to my sarcastic content that he were facts i didn't think we did now when did i say i took offense i said the reason was green i thought we got it i thought i understood that was a very nice i think he was anything problem with it since i listened daily your shows brought me many many hours of endurance since i became a lawyer listener since moving to floor i done 1994 and jewelry vacation i thought it was a nice fact i thought it was a sweet i thought it was extremely nice and he did made one crack about you know the plane like am i an uptight person and i uptight do i shout uptight yes sometimes i am and i apologize but nevertheless i sure was an uptight about that fact and i got that on a spina in my shoe oh so let's be now i see her can't go on huh those aren't a lot on board might hijack the play with that yeah my start pelting the police with uh with uh stuff you could stab somebody with a spina well anyway i didn't take any offense to the facts it was very nice and thank you for the all of the mission and it's it's just amazing to me however but it's being so nice right now it's just fine it's a breath of fresh air and stuff for it uh let's be because of that super ass is super cool i mean a big game coming up Sunday that we're all ripped up about aren't we not hmm 974 like i said we're gonna be and you know why this is happening don't you because it's that lawyer audience again coming through thank you very much coming through for yours truly it may be for you too saying oh yeah we'll show you a thing or two just because Eric was out eaten 1415 meals last night there's a thing and he got the pool on late doesn't mean we can't get you over the hump and for the audience out there that doesn't really know the show or what this is all about how many votes we get in the pool we get a gold star and purple jelly bean if we get over 1,000 votes on a pool don't we yeah sure what yeah sure like Frankie penthouse and sure 975 oh you got to made an issue even Chris would agree with that 975 you could do that blindfolded the worst thing that out of town super bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers 3004 no speaking in English ackey trust me what i tell you in a banana republic they want to move here to go for don't even think about it take just like i told you about the cruise ships if you're thinking about moving to South Florida let me let me snake the suggestion instead is an alternate idea Russian rule like no empty chambers okay how's Merlin chambers the quality of customer service 86 are drivers 82 are traffic congestion 70 South beats is only a few blocks in the rest of it fair 50 meals colors 40 all the way you got an admit man i don't know what happened the last three days i don't know maybe they took vitamins the cost of living 40 our local politics in politicians 38 you don't want to know our local radio stations 21 you'd end the fn stations the music you can't complain about the music on our FM stations here because we don't have any there is no music there is no radio our crime rate 18 our over price restaurants 13 theaters popping up in our yards five in our skaters four out of nine hundred seventy five i'm gonna refresh it it wouldn't surprise me if we're right in the verge of a thousand by the time i get my nine seventy seven see that little chunk of the time i get my fan and stuff out of this chair at the top of the hour up close to a thousand free so you see i just always try to like you know leave a good solid base there you know a good lead in for whoever's gonna follow could we do do do do that don't we we do do what try nothing like having a really strong lead in hmm and maybe someday hey don't be not getting involved now man they're working hard to be as a filthy zingy with them i mean good well the world's leading climacy every day another one of these depressing stories about climate change i don't want to scare anybody but i get all it needs to be talking about the world's leading climate scientists and their most powerful language ever used on the issues say global warming is very likely man made according to a new report intended by the AP you think the report provides what may be cold comfort in slightly reduced projections in rising temperatures by the year twenty one hundred i'll be dead but is tensile the all you it's ninety three years away unless you're planning a little bit of hundred and fifty will be dead but it's tempered by a flat for not said that global warming is essentially a runaway train that cannot be stopped for centuries the observed lives bed warming of the atmosphere and ocean together with ice laws and ice mass laws support the conclusion that is extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past fifty years can be explained without external forcing and very likely it's not due to no natural causes alone said the twenty-page report human caused warming and rises in sea level would continue for centuries because the process is already started even if we know how to get concentrations where to be stabilized that the twenty-page report from the end of government panel on climate change oh my god the report by group of hundred scientists and representatives of one hundred thirteen governments contains the most authoritative science on the issue it was due for original release official release later today in Paris well for crying out loud it's uh... one of five seven o'clock in night in Paris you better believe it's out just like i'm out just like the en route says he's coming out go back in diann and we want to see an old washed up pitch anymore the phrase very likely translates to more than a ninety percent certainty that global warming is caused by man what that means in layman's languages we have this nailed it said top u.s. climate scientists jerry mullman originated the percentage system and marked an escalation from the panel last report in two thousand one which had warming was likely caused by human activity there have been speculation that the participants might try to opt the anti-divertually certain that man causes global warming which translates to nine percent chance on sea levels the report for direct rises of seven to twenty-three inches by the same of the century that could be augmented by an initial four to eight inches if reasons surprising polar i sheet melt continues so in other words if you're planning on moving to florida either get get to know all real well so it build you and your family and arc or maybe change your mind so it's like a real-life the idea to me uh or georgia looney his rubber wrap no 88 on the pull man we are it's really great it's 98 are you impressed no you don't care he's a fair to hard ask you know he just doesn't carry refuses to care it's like the super me the whole town is ripped up into a frenzy we're talking super all that you're not silly has twenty-two right away singing on channel six we're talking super ball a ton of your silly and your old two for the last time i saw him on here maybe feel like a teenager god he is aging really badly he's turned look almost as bad as that the misdemeanible as I'm proud of you in his video he is no need to read you the little shit with the upright thing to carry the old and with the bad hands on so you can say if it be play you can play we don't feel it i'm not my cousin now it's time for the super ball the first i need something to show i'm a power of bad effects and some such extent of heroes i'll shout out to the one back with the other one down here no have them both look at now i'm my god super ball the town of TV the thing is full of so i need something to show me if it's got fat and fat i want anything my story i'll shout out to the you know his mind was already set on leave in in the last hour the show was last hour the show for him so he kind of did the break thing wrong we already played the legal ID and we're probably legal but you can't be too legal these days you know that goes not a problem so he's gone and i'm here now and uh you know sorry sorry Joe and whoever else how sad and unfortunate and all next week for what it's worth let's say i want to put some tapes on and you can have fun making them we got a whole bunch laying around here unfortunately they have to be re-re-edited that's okay because uh you know yes i did a fine job editing or whoever i was overseeing that a fine job editing but those tapes contain language that we're not a lot to say anymore but we're not gonna dwell on that did you is it time yet no yet i want to give it exactly exactly it about 15 minutes we're gonna hear from Rachel Schrift hopefully she'll call in from revolution because uh there's a lot of things going on there too many for me to keep sorted out so she's gonna explain them and give people directions who might be here from out of town w qa and my mv4 ladder ill how do you like that very good just to uh you know somebody's gotta be ready oh ish here on this radio station i want to apologize you said who who's that short old man that keeps opening the door looking in here yes that was the sales rep is gonna be losing some commission because he wasn't able to record that spot because our equipment doesn't enable us to record one thing while playing something else on the air even though i have been telling them for a long time since we became this radio station that this board needs to be able to do that but they won't listen maybe because what do you know punk you're just a dingleberry on the old ass now all you breathe why did he keep putting his head in and like leaving like someone's gonna shoot him or something because he was expecting us to be able to record the spot even though i told him over a month ago that he was going to be on vacation and when he was going to be on vacation when they needed to have a new copy and before the vacation started so that he could record something that would be starting during his vacation because he wouldn't be here to record it because he's gonna be in europe somewhere but nobody listens to me because you're just a dingleberry on the old ass and you're no real riders punk what do you know about anything nothing you know what it feels like it's like let's say you were a doctor and you was somehow fell through a whole in time and wound up back like in the 1700s or something like that and you had to do surgery and so you go over to the sink and you start washing your hands and they all make fun of you what do you do or washing my hands so I get the jerk jerk what are you talking about what is that and they're all making fun of you because somehow you don't fit in there you know you're not a doctor like like they understand doctors and that's what it feels like working here it's so you know they they they just they make fun of you because they don't even they don't even know the language you're speaking in here because what's it got to do with the game so during the game I think I might be just driving around I'm gonna borrow a convertible maybe just drive around naked because there's there's gonna be nobody on the streets but you imagine you could probably even go to a store and like you know steal something like you know something that I do you know something that I do let's speak of stores that I do like to do during a big football events is go to the malls because that's where all the women are all the football widows are running around the mall or other places grocery stores also good I used grocery stores right there in the middle of the Super Bowl it's what the traffic is great people who might be visiting town for the Super Bowl uh that's what I voted for is it's our drivers and our traffic situation which kind of sounds like the same thing but it's not see our traffic sucks because the people who plan our roads down here are on the wrong kind of drugs they should be on I don't know coke or math or something like that but instead they're on sterno so our roads are completely inadequate and way behind the game and our road system doesn't make any good sense down here but then to make things better we have any drivers from all over the world out here we have collected at great expense the worst drivers from everywhere in the world from countries where they don't know what a car is much less having had seen one and uh and here they are all driving around but of course the people are gonna vote for so many non-English speakers i'm gonna have to uh like i've been doing some bigotry therapy with Vogue Brian i'm gonna have to have you come into the session part of your problem phase one in a bigotry therapy for a good Irish friend Chris over there is you gotta get out of date freaking county alright well when uh i start making the money to be able to I understand the sympathetic see my family lives in in candle and coral gables and candel lakes and things like that and that's where they like it because you know cube all put it this way uh coming here yeah it's 34 miles it's wrong the last 20 minutes take me a third of the time at the first 15 minutes yeah i want to kill myself which is is one of the many reasons that i like going to revolution or two reasons one they have bands it's like it's like a concert in a club real bands big names people that are current right now brand new up and coming spransbank and new music is right there and it's uh and it's convenient i can actually drive there to get off the highway they got the giant parcade right there in front of riverwalk you can find a place to park you walk across the tracks there you go no must no fuss everybody's going to south beach right now south beach south beach i can't tell you the last time i was at south beach and the reason that i stopped going wasn't because of the plastic people or the overpriced restaurants with the mediocre food it was because of the freaking uh what it takes to get there i don't know about you fun for me isn't driving around looking for a place to part and then getting gouged if you do happen to find a place to part so that you can walk hike walk slet to the place that you want to go so that you can eventually sit down and have some overpriced mediocre food in a place that smells like old paint but then there's fortlaterdale what's wrong with fortlaterdale why is everyone overlooking fortlaterdale revolution is right there man browner bull of hard bands guess what here's another thing you'll like this a lot they speak English there really yeah let me give you a text everybody seems to still be very bad on a shape that there are a lot of uh spikes in this town i i speak Spanish fluently but here's what i do because i don't speak it as well as i would like to or as well as i speak English and i don't like to do business uh when i feel like i'm not being articulate so here's a tip when you go into a place of business and this goes for uh any out of towners who are going to be culture shock by the fact that there are places a lot of places maybe too many places here in this town where nobody speaks English and here's what you do when you walk into a business and you try to have a transaction and the person can't speak English just how's that very simple you should feel sorry for them well when i like that i used to work for public i was a stockman yeah one of the funniest thing it was stockman is that like a stock boy but all the while you stock person whatever you want to call back boy but uh one of the it was a paper boy i used to call myself a carrier no well you know well i i like sometimes it was amusing sometimes you just want to like yell the person mm-hmm now i'm an Irish guy i don't exactly look any part in spanish at all no and you would have these little ladies these little man come up to you start talking to you and shenish how dare you and you would try to look at and see look you know and my best voice no obla esfano and they keep talking yeah and then i'm like look i don't understand and they give you the dirty look like well what the hell you here for then that's right i'm like i'm so hard to happen in date county oh yeah definitely then obviously you're one of the many people that didn't get the memo they moved the border all right come up to braward county with us English-speaking people we're making a stand in braward county the border has been moved i thought everyone got the memo i got a copy and i left it's real easy oh it's funny it has been surrendered you understand that that county has been written off by the rest of the nation well i went to highly high oh i've been there and i got i got i got a lot better sort of like a high yeah i do down in can you know i'm just letting you know you know just uh come to braward make a stand get all outraged and indignant and thrust your finger up in the ear and say now see oh have you know this is america as long as you're in braward county if you're in dead county yeah that's we consider that south of the border from now on yeah a scondol TV today is downright escandalists it's freaking out of this girl is but i don't know she's hot the dancers today are hot and see see this is all part of a big-a-tree therapy we'll find some Spanish language uh Hispanic things that Chris can appreciate for one thing this channel that we watch all day long just because there's nothing but things to see and you don't know how it's happening look and every time they get a hot female guest they always stick her up on the table this guy's got a grind up on her but what are you gonna do about that go i want to read the poll we are over a thousand already easily let me refresh it we got 1,020 something you know what that means right well that is nothing it means nothing we're number one dammit oh is that what that means well the show is in ratings so many here's the uh one thousand blah blah 22 people the worst thing out of town super bowl visitors could discover about south Florida is so many non-English speakers that's the worst thing they could discover about down here you know what it's maybe the most surprising thing we hear that all the time people shocked and dismayed i thought the memo went out nationwide uh that the border had been moved i thought everyone got a copy i thought they put ads and papers the border is no longer south of key west anymore it's the bade broward line that's the official border uh i'm in stores in Hollywood French i hear people French German i heard some Israelis yesterday i know because i thought it was a show all my just freaking Palestinians i and i heard uh some Indians the other day you know the Indians because the woman was dressed in a sorry speaking Indian so you could come to broward and in Hollywood there's no shortage of languages for you to be offended by when you hear people talking and i don't know how militant they are because i try to avoid them uh they want to move here see those are the top two things those two contradict each other you see the people that voted for that that the out of towners might want to move here fret not the out of towners are going to come down they're going to realize that nobody speaks English and they're going to get the hell out of here they're going to go this place isn't a place for americans and you're right the quality of customer service like Neil says you can't complain about it because there isn't any 92 our drivers 89 and our traffic congestion 76 south beach is only a few blocks hey try fort laudardale you can actually drive there you can get to it you can park you can walk around it uh it's safe relatively speaking and you can get the hell out of there stay away from this couple of hours there's still a half a moon up there i don't know i don't know the cost of living 41 Neil's collars they'll be hearing them soon 40 our local politics and politicians you have no idea leave before you find out 38 our local radio stations oh yeah we should we could spend some time talking about that you know what if you're only here for a few days you won't realize it because you'll hear things on the radio that sound radio wish you know on the surface but after you spend about five minutes and tell you realize oh my god he's got a whole bunch of stations pointing all the same things over and over and over again i've only heard the same 10 songs on every radio station the whole time what's with that 93 one playing songs from the 90's our crime rate 19 our over price restaurants 13 what if you go to south beach you'll get to know those gators popping out in our yards come on now that's a tourist attraction that's on the brochures isn't it you don't have to go out to the Everblades to see the gators just walk out to the backyard you'll see gators or a possum yeah i got a possum update my wife's a wuss is the short answer to that and our mosquito is only four yeah well mosquitoes we could have put on their south beach and qs aren't five minutes apart we have the specialist mosquitoes in the country i don't know if other places maybe maybe in the buy use of lousy in a they have more mosquitoes and more aggressive mosquitoes than we do but i think there should be a contest i've been in other places where they have quote unquote mosquitoes and they're at their a joke and people you know we'll be sitting outside drinking beer by the bonfire and say oh the mosquitoes are eating me a lot of the go this is what you're calling a mosquito they move in slow motion you can actually pick them up off your arm with squeeze them between your fingers and pitch them not like the stealth jet super fast swarms that we have down here they'll they'll bite you suck out all your blood leave and leave a giant mosquito bite on you before you even realize that it had been there those are arm mosquitoes here in Florida super efficient stealth mosquitoes q i am alone hello yeah jerks please uh huh yeah yeah jerks yeah yeah jerks we have a can you hear it not hear me yeah i can hear you harmly so nice speak up put me yeah jerks yeah yeah this is part from the hotel pharmacy uh huh yeah Brian Craig wants to debate you uh huh that's that's hysterical yeah Brian doesn't get tell him to get a life and a he's a cow q m hello yeah q m hello hello yeah i judge how's it going fine how are you i wanted to get on before uh one of which meal i did vacation but i guess i didn't make you didn't uh but secondly send a telepathic message okay send a metex send him a life space measure i'm sure i'll get it he might be check out over and he's gonna be somewhere in europeia where they have internet cafes so yeah do that okay secondly about the poll yeah i totally have to agree with you about the dryers in the town i mean if i'm a little bit on the tile i mean i know i should even be talking to you right now on my self on what i'm driving but i mean i just want to call you oh i think that guy actually puts him thought and imagination in a met phone call okay hopefully if she doesn't shine us uh not jacky she's the manager who did i say Rachel from revolution is going to be given us an update of what's going on there haven't some suitable party tonight that i'm not going to but i will be going to some other events that we're going to be talking about no good i have to take you along there crass now that you're doing the show with me from the mic i'm gonna say that sound good one thirteen on all technical and adequate radio five sixty w q i m your brother playing with his light bright and you making a groovy picture on your etchist sketch well fishing price twice has bring in those good times back dude this looks like the best yet i'm gonna try to be right oh yeah this is kidding me quick and no time it's the easy bake math oven we're giving us a piece of it i'm gonna get the off the edges he sent me some farmer down by old man java's place that doesn't like his tank the easy bake math oven it'll keep your kids busy for weeks they'll hardly be able to sleep i wanted to be at it but to pretend that you know that you think that you could these bane I'm feel so good yeah they can be a yes if able to thinks but about what is a base cookie latte or dear from the 2015 I'm sorry I picked up put you on hold but we couldn't answer the phone because of the commercial break You don't have a lot of stuff Rachel shrift from the revolution in Fort Latterdale on Broward Boulevard and what Avenue more or less Southwest third Avenue that we're giving the directions out because there's a lot of on a towners and town in South Beach is getting all this attention but some of them Now we got to have some of the local Fort Latterdale right exactly because some of us who live in Fort Latterdale like like it and like revolution and what's the is that part kid right by riverwalk is that what that's called yeah it's about two blocks away from riverwalk parking garage and something like that there's corals you guys lost all around but I love the garage because I don't I hate having to look for parking spot and yeah I don't just plenty of parking don't bother unlike South Beach there's plenty of parking yeah and you guys you guys speak English and you have new castle in bottles there at the club yes we do so everything that I want except for my own personal chair kind of on the stage I think I'd like to be you know instead of in front of the stage with a good view how about just right there on top of the stage so I can see my favorite act from the comfort of a plus chair there daughter had a great time last night thank you very much you want to see Duren Gray because she's into that kind of thing yeah jackrock and everything she was excited they it was a good show the lead singer that's what she said she said she all the lead singer cut himself again she's that she likes it when people cut themselves she said it can twist it and she said there was lots of washing room unlike the vlogging Molly show where there was no washing room yeah actually coming back vlogging Molly I know and I think I might go back to see them again but she said there was a you know like the only downside was there was this big fat guy in the mosh pit grow up in the girls so they had to they had to snack him down but he was wasted on something so it wasn't like like even city is there anything like that like he was a purview is just you know fat and desperate and obviously drunk or something like that what what I needed your help for besides giving out a town as directions to the club and in a way you know revolution is a police place I don't understand there's there's kind of like what's that area on top like on the very top floor is that uh we have a VIP section uh I got the top floor yeah for the outside because it looked like officers are in apartment um I'm on the very top floor in some offices are often located actually like key blocks away okay um yeah boy if that's an apartment that's where I want to live yeah I'm missing act get totally drunk and then just stumble in the bed not have to drive home that's this buguce uh new party the buce are the six annual two later party tonight I don't understand it and about two leaders the ladies from hudders um appearances by NFL grades including Dan Marino to a eight man Michael Irving and of course the buce himself I see take it started to 15 there's gonna be no bambar and food all night long um it's been a time so for two dollars and fifty cents an open bar oh yeah well they will be able to smell any actual dirty jackstraps during that party or just I'm not a hand shake I'm not crazy god I would say me me when three before in the morning you might be able to I say you think those extraks actually wear their jackstraps you know afterwards I am not sure I would hope not see if they do since you'll be at the party check you know ask maybe pull the back of their pants out a little bit look down their cc jackstraps because they're actually very very comfortable if you don't know oh really I'm incredibly comfortable to keep everything very uh contained interesting very up you know right up front where you can keep control of everything I had some other questions for example see I as you know I'm very excited about going to the February 10 hot topic present oh yeah is it hot topic the clothing store hot topic yeah yeah that's hot topic I like right from the good oh wrong thing what I meant with head was this natural already played this on the year before so people get an idea what we're talking about this is Alan's a good one the red jumps who's athletic there are these there these these headliners I assume that red jumps it is better just hang up on you I'm the song I did a good song I played it loud in the car what so they're the headliners I assume yeah they are well I'm in the nose about four other bands play and Marie scary kids and a static little boy cat is fly which I'm going to do research on all these that long I don't have to do research I'm going to go there and listen to the play what time do you guesstimate that red jumpsuit is going to be on because I'd probably see like nine or ten being that it's you know big I say about yeah nine thirty really I think we have time to show you going to start um there's a bit of five one wow that's exciting yeah that's a little bit almost like you know whole day of music for you beautiful now what I don't want to say because I'm looking at the website over here what's this radiators boner on the thing all that um it's uh are we talking about here boner on the talk to all that um Jackie Breffler here in the office does with the radiators uh it's both Friday and Saturday night here Friday night is a mask a red ball where everyone just dressed up and they can't plan the king and queen and then on Saturday the radiators will play again with boner ammo I see yeah so that's all part of the same event yeah well that's one event that's taking place inside before the entire day and they take action to her would jump through an apparatus taking place outside oh yeah that's a big day yeah we're very busy I know you you guys are all over the place yeah yeah I like to talk about it because you have everything they're like you got you know you know later in February you got slayer and honor and tender finger 11 black stone cherry yeah on the 20 it look at the roots love the roots quite a stuff you want to be but uh but that's great now directions people out of town if let's say people are out of town how can they take part do they have to buy their tickets in advance can they go to I know you guys have a box office there yeah there's tickets it puts a nice event tickets are still available they can come get them at the door also what open Saturday and Sunday we're having a free party smart night for the UFC fight okay and then on Sunday we're going to be open for the Super Bowl with an airing on all of our TVs and drinks specials for both directions is easy just out of i95 take Brad Boulevard East until you get to Southwest third right go over the racks and it's on a first building on your left hand side there you go it's easy Google map it yeah we're doing the revolution dot net you can get our number and directions every order tickets everything you want so are you going to be there on Saturday for the weekend oh yeah definitely are you hot oh yeah i'm a little less i'll be right hang on there i'll be there with uh with my wife most likely but she's used to it i'll be latching all over you looking at all i think my fiance is going to be coming to the other excellent yeah all the way i'll let's write around and i'm sneaky i'm small and i'm fast wonderful i'll let's subtly thank you so much for helping me kill a segment and uh or the show all right thank you so much i really appreciate it not at all all right i have a good one you too rakele shrimp you know i forgot to ask her because you know neal says a short shrimp you've heard that before yeah they paid him short shrimp which i don't even really knows what that means i wonder if she's ever heard that before probably not that'd be cool because i'm short so i thought we're my last name i could be short shrimp get it would that be a good thing though uh it'd be a thing how's that at this stage of my life i'll take it it's a thing well twenty six on all-horre radio five sixty q a m did not and this is errr we have tonight uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story and inside the behind exclusive live for we got twenty years in the future to find out what will probably happen with Kevin federal i don't know oh this day in twenty thirty is an historic one for modern genetic science we have discovered that Kevin federal line is actually an identifiable subclass of human being known as talvus sponge opicus his species also includes such gold diggers as an in a call Smith and closet it gayman who married rich elderly women and wonder why they have no problem getting it up for 85 that Kevin federal line is part of a separate species of loser came as no surprise but the research that uncovered it could not have happened without president opero wind freeze generosity and it is only the beginning according to a recent speech given by her vice president doctor Phil Kevin federal line will be fine but one about the true victims here the tantial verney handled parasitic now with a miracle those one hundred percent of it shop an online there are no more convenient stores for trailer trash celebrity children or up written is almost fifty years old please put on some underwear we had no interest in seeing that secretary of state asked in kutcher was unavailable for comment as he is admitting his invalid wife to me more into an exclusive rest home in the warm tropical climate of the Antarctic highs there are expected to reach the low one hundreds sleep thank you algor it's a big juicy shopping lead look at show business tonight on inside the behind and what does it popazel mean once again twenty eight till two five sixty w q a m so you hear the the latest k fed update because you know whatever he does we're gonna keep you posted until he disappears completely from the face of the earth what is it going to happen well you know that they're speaking of the super bowl he's uh... going to be in an ad or in an ad already doing uh... the fast food something rather undertax super bowl at for oh nationwide insurance because they found a demeaning to fast food workers remember that controversy you'll read the story or something like that whatever i didn't see the ad maybe they're going to show it in the super bowl well taco bell is offering him a job as a promotional vehicle thing half kind of an upgrade for a month i would say so at least well he might be successful and but get this here's what caught my eye about this story talk about president are you ready for this grec creed grec creed that sounds kind of familiar yet as promised to give away free food to customers if uh... Kevin comes out and works at the chain for a new one hour shift i'll tell you what that's one hour longer than uh... than he would have worked anywhere else i still don't know why fax is it coming to our fax number here on the new roger show whether or not he was actually here is three oh five six five oh one nine eight three oh five six five oh one nine eight the number to call and talk and i'd say hey if you're from out of town call and talk and uh... we're here to help you will give you some advice and survival tips even some survival spanish if that's what uh... what it takes but i have a feeling that we'll just hear from our crazies but just in case five six seven oh five sixties are number and date and five sixties free if you have horizon or singular eight seven seven seven seven five six three four five is the toll free anywhere else online you have a positive look on your faces any of that stuff worthwhile is any of that uh... worth anything worth a bit of blathering nonsense uh... someone wants to prove to i guess kneel in you that there's life after death i see that sounds like a threat what is said that will get up to the police no they said they can't really good story and they couldn't get through and i really want to get through see that's a lie no from their work that they can't call our our that's a person that's a personal problem we're doing a talk show here well said it aside only that it's a see if it's uh... it's worth talking about q a m hello q a m hello q a m hello q over your retar q a m hello q over solid and ladies and gentlemen driving on the roads of south florida speaking to people that could drive their finger up there but hello judge of the on how's it going i'd air right all right kind of the but on a some i might hear what all is out of time hey welcome them this is supposed to be a tourist economy if you see someone with an out of town plate being nice to them be courteous pretend that you're not from here for just a few minutes i'll be happy to welcome them all on all the single ladies i'll see you all yeah yeah come on now be a gracious host listen if you say with the a you're okay with the er you went to far okay i don't know what that means but it sounded funny q a m hello q a m hello you're just you want about about all the people going to the town i'm a full-quot band and driver to look for a copy and dinner with all these crazy better down here i kind of know we can't wait for Monday so they got to get that got here everybody talks about all the great parties and miss this and that but for an average Joe blow their eyes out of it people people that have more money than either one of us that's who i'm gonna be doing hey let me tell you something i'm gonna be smoking a super bowl oh yeah you get a bill i must go get true do i do i do i will be super bowl sunday i bought myself a great extra big one i made it out of the mixing ball i just drilled a hole in the bottom of the mixing ball from the blender there okay i'm gonna get through a bail in there and climb it after a q a m hello charge yeah i get afternoon to you hey listen man a total of mine second order remember when you're here yeah you're more kneels asking about skirt stink and what it is yeah during a school apparently you'll come to find out huh it's too rasco it's uh well what it is no what it actually is if you want to get right down to it it's really good it is the the diaphragm muscle it's the muscle that makes a diaphragm work and it's very busy and it was it was given by the people who had the ranches were all the confidence in those work okay uh as you know something to do they stood i didn't even find the semester skirt okay okay thank you very much it's guy a friend it's good they they just one after another of hot babe babel is just i don't know what who that was on the beach we don't have to worry about it on the show on the channel 23 if you hear from out of town on your cable on your cable selection it's uh i think this is 69 is it not telemundo i have telephotoodot whatever it is it's got the wankle triangle in the corner over there and let me just say let's see secrets there's there's a method behind my uh my madness to try to bridge the gap between anglo his spano relations over here and it's like this obviously a simulation is a good thing to do and it's something that we would like uh everyone to take part in right i mean a simulation in this direction not the other direction oh i said when uh when Neil would say you know what happened to this a simulation process i say oh you green goes over a simulating very nicely i gotta i gotta commend you on that but see here's how it is like did you ever see the movie games of New York only parts of it alright well they they do as it's kind of like a documentary i'm not recommending it as a movie but they explain at the beginning of the movie and it's something that we already understood that when people come from other countries the locals uh hassle them that's the way it always has been uh you know whoever even during the colonial days the newbies would show up on the boat and the locals would hassle them and so the the come late leaves the recent arrivals from wherever it is that they came from would feel very threatened and so they would huddle together in their own little ethnic group uh for a camaraderie and mutual protection etc and so on it but it begins with uh a feeling of being threatened by the locals alright whether it's a real feeling or not it's just a a perception you understand maybe it it could start with a dirty look or or something maybe it's founded maybe it's unfounded who knows what but that's where it starts is the desire to not assimilate it comes from a feeling of being threatened alright so so we're trying to to get away from that you know see personally i had a very positive experience because we didn't live here we moved immediately into really rednecky areas and let me say this about the rednecks and all the the the jerk water towns that i ever lived in all across america they were very nice to me as foreign as i was they were very nice to me they were very excited that some new person was there that they could introduce things too oh you're from somewhere else let me show you here's the local thing here's something to do here's what we eat here's there were always very nice to me because you know what it wasn't it wasn't here they were other places it wasn't here i happened to be lucky enough to find myself in places where some nice people lived and so i was very happy to become a part of the new culture that my family had uh had moved to you understand yes and so i learned English very quickly i embraced all american things very quickly i wanted to be a part of this new group of people that i had just not because they were so gd nice obviously if they had been some other way i might not have been so enthusiastic to become part of the new you know the new culture that i had encountered you understand so the assimilation process starts with you my bigoted drunk and Irish friend you need to be a little bit more compared to the mean yield you understand it just means it's like you know learn English it'll be better for you we have such sites to show you all you got to do is learn English that's all that's because what's they do that then everything else will follow you understand yes but that's phase one encourage them to learn English you see if there's a party going on over here and fun things happening and things like that and somebody feels apprehensive about coming over because they don't speak the language grab them by the hand and say well we'll teach you one thing at a time see this you say said bessal we say beer beer it's easier it's one syllable versus three you can say it beer you say little by little you see look at the bonds we're making already because of the Spanish language television we have things to show each other we have things to share isn't that what america supposed to be all about all these people from all over the world come in together and finding some comment ground and I believe that English should be the official language not just of america but of the world because we have other people's languages all built into English American English is a mishmash of all these other languages so already you know it's kind of like aspirante so it's like it's already a big stew so let's just let's just encourage people to take part in the English language by inviting them to the parties and and helping them along little by little that's that's how you do it well you do know it's the official language of aviation correct I do know that and and and Latin uh I used to be the official language of like medicine and science but I think that's English now I think that's the operating language even if it isn't the official language and we could go on but uh I'm already boring myself and it's time for that break 18 till 2 on all English language radio 560 w all that q a m Oh no Joseph game is you also to wed I don't Veteran We're the reason to be dead, but why? So, I'm here, you're the sky that's added to it. Don't run, you know it, go, go, go, go. Don't run, you know it, tell them to go. We're the reason to be dead, so tell them to go. And tell them to go, go, go, go, go, go. You know it, but just for it's possible if they're not a good one. Even we're here, we're dead, but why? So, I'm here, you know it, how they do, loose you. Yo, I'm a strategist, you know what the hell he's talking to? You, you. Thank you, Boca, Brian, and I'm glad Neal is reading all those stories about her, that green person and sucking bitch. You know, she's always got an expression on her face like, like, smelling a fart, possibly her own. You know what's that, like she smelling something bad. Like there's some smell she's trying to identify is sour. People are going to say, I was really, really, he's next to snow. I just, I don't think that she's a good person. I don't think she's a good candidate. I don't think she has a chance of winning. And Barak, I think he's a good person. He needs a good candidate. I don't think he's got a chance of winning either. How do you like that? I agree with that. Not because I'm prejudice, but I think that generally speaking people are a little bit more prejudice than they would want to admit to other people or maybe even themselves. How's that? He might make a good vice presidential running mate. What do you think? Along with a good old boy, like Edwards, for example, somebody with a little bit of a twang, a little bit of a draw to balance the ticket off there. Just, just a theory. Just thinking out loud there. I got an email from somebody saying that there's some controversy about red jumpsuit apparatus. I don't know what the controversy is, but I'll be happy to hear the caller. I just sent a guy back. What's the controversy? Person? It's one of those email addresses that, you know, it's just a whole bunch of letters and characters and things. QAM hello. Yes, you are Gilbert. QAM hello. Gilbert Solomon. That way I targeted bad person. Hello. Hey, you dropped in someone who has a super ball being here. Is this going like? Nope. But I live on Miami Beach. Oh, good guy, don't be. And I can't find a parking place. They had it on the news. They said, you know, local people might want to win. I live there and I have to look for a parking space. Yeah, all the places in my zone are taken up. We're going to actually pay to park there garage. Yeah, it's paradise. It's a weekend. That's great, you know, that's 12 bucks a day just to park. A distance for the privilege to park. Right. Twenty bucks. It's a weekend. I can't stand on there. You know, something I remember going to South Beach when I was a little kid. When there were nothing old people on rockers on those, you know, front porch. There. And yeah, I loved it. I thought the art deco buildings were great. And all of this other stuff. Just that. Just that one aspect of it keeps me away from there. The traffic and the parking there. You are not home. Another move to the beach. Get some of the times. I've actually been to the to the damn beach. I don't know. Zero. A close. I know. I live five minutes from Hollywood Beach. And we don't go as often as we should either. You know, go figure. It's so crowded. When we used to live on the mainland. I got no. You have easy parking. Now that we go to the beach. It's like, oh, got a shoot. Come up to Brower. We got it. You know, Hollywood Beach has nice parking all over the place. Well, I'm ready. I'm glad to hear this. It's a fast way to rip my hair out. I mean, they say it was leaving South Florida. But it's a nice first step coming up. I'm ready to chill myself. Don't do that. One of these is on one parking sign. Just saw it off and use it like a battle axe. Or on the city bus trying to get home from the parking garage. Good luck to us all. QAM hello. That's because he lives in a park. And he just QAM hello. QAM hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, George. Hey, what? Hey, I'm on a west coast here. You want some bad driving. You come down here. Make you look awful. No, I mean, I've visited the west coast over there. I've driven through it. I hadn't spent a significant amount of time there. But it can't. It can't be worse. See, everything you got. We've got here and then more of it. I'm a taxi driver. You got people. I'm telling you, I've seen all the time. Good. Dropping. Max. You're laying there, brain dead. Listen, half of the population here is from a country where they drove Donkeys. I got you. Right? They drove asses. Now they're asses driving. QAM hello. From a country where they George. Hello. Hey. Hey. This truck full of our man. I'm warning. Hey, tourist. If it says this truck Boulevard, you're on the wrong road. Hey, I love this truck man. I remember when I repot with repo car. That's from say truck Boulevard. And the crackheads would come over and watch. Like we'd have an audience. Yeah, they're actually good. Oh, they were very nice. They were very, very, very nice. They were going to go, yo, man. What'd you do with the man guy? And I said, well, from the bank, we're here to repot. They made say something that we couldn't say. What's happening, man? But you know what? I tell you, it's very friendly crackheads. Are you just trying to cut through? You said West. Nobody's on it. Nobody white the summit. Right. If you listen, if you're white in your own sister, the cops are going to pull you over because they're going to accuse you of looking for something. What are you doing in this neighborhood? Yeah. Kind of take care of my trans-exemple business. You take care too. Look at that. We're done. These one hour show is boy. Pretty nice isn't it? Do a few more of these. Eight till two on almost the how out of here. Ready, five, six, the QAN. This is our, we are moon and night from the inner core of the moon. We'll fight round. Alright. It's the overish right there. You know, part of the play that club. Come on everybody. Don't look here man. We go to play a game. We believe it's good that round. And he's gone at 3 p.m. You want your go from there? You take a punch at your foot. Boy, it's good to be good. Check out what happened. Kick it. What you thought about that? You haven't sounded so good. You know that. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Let me do, Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Yo. This beat is for the enemy. Obey. Obey. Better to go back to the beat. Back to the beat. Back to the beat. Back to the beat. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. We've got it's game We've got it's game We've got it's game