The reason is, region is raised fears that attack on Iran is becoming increasing likely before President Bush leaves office. The Sunday time has learned. Oh, yeah, it's got to be the brits that's learned. In terms of five generals and admirers are willing to resign rather than approve of the consider would be a reckless attack. There are four or five generals and admirers we know of who would resign and push order an attack on Iran assures with close ties to British intelligence be saying. There are simply no stomach for it to the Pentagon, and a lot of people quite from other such an attack would be effective even possible. British defense source confirmed that there were deep misgivings inside the Pentagon about a military strike. All the generals are who can. Oh, money did you. Oh, now I'm going to show the other thing again. They did. Are you? It's got me off and in all seriousness. Yeah, he has something he means well. That's about the best I can say. He has a good. He has been right on a lot of issues. He's done some important stuff. Oh, God, I see boring. I think he could give him lessons in life personality lessons looseness lessons. Yeah, certainly. Yeah, certainly. When it goes in and up baby. Yeah, I would have been trying to get my mother lessons and bowel movements. No, speaking of loosness. Yeah, certainly. When it goes in and up baby. I would have been trying to get my mother lessons and bowel movements. No, speaking of loosness. But general Peter Pays, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said recently there was zero chance it will over the ran. We can only pray. He played down claims by US intelligence that the Iranian government was responsible for supplying insurgents and Iraq forcing Bush on the defensive. Paces view was backed up by British intelligence officials who said the extended Iranian governments involved in the activities in set of red by a small number of revolutionary guards was far from clear. According to a report in the New Yorker magazine, the Pentagon's already set up a working group of planners for a set of Iran and that was the similar first story I read year before if you were paying attention, you probably weren't. Exactly. Well, you ordinarily do pay attention to the bedtime stories. You get a pass today because you try to stay alive and awake. You know, I should have just gotten high before I came over here that I was in the early early burning, smolvering, tar, seeping through the vents, making these people sounds to me like a sick workplace. Suddenly, like I made your laws that's right. I'm calling OSHA. Again, I guess what we got, we got 600 hosts on the pool. I think we're going to get to 750. 600 hosts on the pool. It's not bad. It's starting from scratch, starting from a standing start. What do you think? It's Chris impressed. I know you're not. Oh, you're last in what? Yeah, I'm impressed. Well, you're bad today, man. You're really bad. I don't know what it is with you. It was funny because we had the door propped open. Nobody's actually doing anything today. Everyone's just million about and the hall trying to find a place to breathe. Trying to find a spot where they can't smell it. Kind of like when I was in the woodbind line, we could go Wednesday when a woman was farting all over the place. Oh, talk about a June's swoon, only it's in February. Good, golly Miss Molly. And you haven't really congratulated me on my tremendous success with making a really good friend on the MySpace. Congratulations. Well, you were very, you were, I mean, everybody was concerned after the Jacob business that I was going to have like a nervous breakdown. And everything went so hunky, dirty and so good that I'm just, I mean, beyond beyond good. Great. 600 5 O's on the pool. On the line state of my life, I want to go out and having the best damn blank ever enjoyed. Sex to 18, wild, uncontrolled, screaming yelling, carrying on like a lunatic. 3,way 109. Wicked weed 54, vacationer trip 49. I hate this pool. I'll keep going up to say they're just, they're just, they're just a bunch of bastards. On the week of my 31st anniversary, they're, oh, I haven't had a lot of people. I'll say happy anniversary on our MySpace page. And I think they're no future. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'm going to go, look. Oh, wait. That's where you can. But I'm saying, George and EMEOS because you can't read him today. You got no internet. I hate this pool 44. That's up to 7.2%. They're starting to turn really sour. Dream or fantasy 38, party 36. Hey, are you all the same commercial that I'm seeing? Hobo oxygen to you. Yeah. Looking around. You were this. Right. Thanks a lot. Oh, no. Can they deliver it like same day service? Yeah, you need the homoxid and tank and a long queue. That's right. Wow. Bob movement 32 is speaking of that. Pizza 11. That keeps inching up there. And I have no idea why. I guess they love their pizza, man. Ha ha ha ha. Maybe you're going to look to be 100. You can gum that last life's a piece of you know. Just put it in the blender. You know, puree it. Yeah, that would be good and drink it. I wouldn't, yeah, wouldn't you have for much. Oh, I drank some pizza. You know, Larry Kent. Remember Larry Kent? Big fat Larry Kent? No. Remember you mentioned he can. He's the only year talk guy in a sales sales a shyster at the INZ and they were just news Larry Kent because he was always huge. I mean really, really fat. And he would order a pizza from Mary's. Oh, Mary's used to be so great. 125th and 441. But anyway, and he would eat the whole pie by himself. But he wouldn't eat the crust in other words. He would take the fork and eat the toppings. You know, like the papi, rooney and cheese and stuff. I love the topping and then the crust. The crust is good back a little bit out of it. And guess what? What? He's dead. Oh. Anyway, a bomb moving 32 pizza 11 cigar for ice cream 3, drink 3, meal 2 and pee. The best pee of my life on today, I don't need to. Give that to your system. Meal has only got 2. How's that possible? Don't you think they have to make nifis in choice? Yes. I mean, I'm definitely, they say, okay, you guys want to have the best pee you ever had before we fry your ass or before we stick the needle in your arm or you want to have the best meal, huh? Judd sign let me fuses Arthur's request for a stay. That's grudgy. Well, that's good, Port. He's probably sitting on the bench and del Rey feeding the pigeons right now. She's mackin' on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh! He's a staff, a day to pass. In the shower soul. Oh, round the floor full full full. Having a comfortable room. We're straight to the top of the top. Out bench, group play games. Get deep the eyes of tight behind the system. They're not guilty. Yeah! You've got to hide your photoway. Yeah! You've got to hide your photoway. Now we'll slide and happily dance. Is that straight? Game of by. Men, you pull up of the men. This is Port O, say goodbye. Yeah! Yeah! There's a good spot for a breeze. Having fun with the boys. In the long, no room I hear. Boying boy, not boy from far now. Boying boy, not boy. Oh, my, not boy. Yeah! You've got to hide your photoway. Yeah! You've got to hide your photoway. You've got to hide your photoway. Yeah! Put it back in the closet. Wait a long. Who really cares? You know, normal cankeying all whipped up about this. It was just another chance for normal to like pan himself on the bag. That's right. As the founder of the oldest game, the largest game newspaper in Florida. Quit pan yourself on the back, Norma. Oh, that was? Huh? Did you say you've had your dots back? Oh, I didn't even check. No, I didn't have my dots back. Why you got the internet now? Yeah! I got no dots. I feel civilized again. I got no dots though, Mon. Yeah. Well, we got what I have to do. Got nuts. Oh, let me do this. Ah! But I'm wearing this. Ah! That's right. I always feel like my dots. Another clock is gone. Uh-oh. So I'm, I'm, uh, regressing here. Uh-oh. Not good. No clock, no dots, no, no. Oh, I'm not in this yard. I got nothing. So what does that mean? I don't know. Oh, maybe I'll pass you around with it during the next break. Certainly not. How come I ain't got no dot? I wish I could tell you. Not a good sign. Maybe select the portions of the... We are streaming now. Let's hear it! Oh, right! We are now streaming for those people out there. Of course, we've got 80s in and people have been trying to listen. I checked it on the stats page. We got a tremendous number of people in course. None of those are more listening, but they just have tried to connect and try and try and try and try and try and try and die and die and die over here. I'm dying over here. Could be there. Now we are streaming. We've had three drop outs since we came back on there. That's good. So everything is fine to set my phone thing here. What do you think that is? I wish I could tell you. I wish I could speculate. Uh-oh. Maybe I'll just click that baby one more time over there. Like that? Come on. You can do it. Nothing's happening. No dots. Hmm. I mean, they usually come back spontaneously, you know? Right. Cindy Sheen says Iraqis are people too. After spending two heartwrenching hours listening to two Iraqi gentlemen, one an educator, one a scientist, giving agonizing testimony about what's really going on in Iraq outside the green zone. In Istanbul, I returned from I nearby to my nearby hotel room and read something from the AP that tore my heart apart even further. She says. In the article in Table Americans, I addressed to me to rack death toll. I was a Christian for a girlpea, Duke University of the Pacific of the United States who tracks public opinion on submitting Canceles and war said. A better understanding of the Iraqi death toll probably wouldn't change already negative public attitude to the war much. People in democracies generally don't try away from inflicting civilian casualties. Maybe even more tolerant of them in situations such as Iraq, where many of these civilian deaths are caused by other Iraqis. The this above statement is unspeakably appalling. Why do people in democracies not try away from inflicting human casualties? If this statement is true, then why are we spreading American brand of democracy? Fake elections and top of it is IE Bush and Malachi all over the world. Why do we want more democracies around the world to inflict more civilian casualties? This is not acceptable to me and I renounce governments in chariote from other humans who do accept these casualties. This statement of northern-variant basic fact also. The invasion slash-occupation of Iraq is a horror that was based on lies. Deceptions in greed. They people of Iraq are suffering terribly in their country while George Bush did Cheney and 99% of the American public don't have to sacrifice one out of comfort or concern because of the terror that's being inflicted in A civilian population that have nothing to be punished or harshly. Another one of our fellow Americans had this to say about civilian casualties. You have to look at who he's doing with killing said in the Al-Qraifra, they were a strong manager in Sutton's Bay, Michigan who guessed it about 10,000 Iraqis have been killed. If these people are dying because of roadside bongoes off or if there's an uncertain attack in a marketplace, it's an unfortunate circumstance of war people die he says. This comment also ignores the fact that the occupation of Iraq is a war of choice that you never enraged. No uncertainty existed before American troops or forced to roll the tanks into a country that was filled with innocent people. What Americans take such a cabaret of food toward unfortunate circumstances of war if we're in equivalent amount of Americans being killed? I don't think so. Three thousand of us were tragically slaughtered on 9-11 and we've used this as a justification to destroy two countries that did not attack us and can we genocide on people who just want to be left alone. Now bloody Georgia-Scilled more Americans than Osala bitladen many, many times more Iraqis. During the seminar in Turkey, attendees got up to congratulate the Iraqi men on the resistance in Iraq. Human beings across the world but especially in the middle of the east are probably in Surgeon City Iraq for holding off the mightiest military in history. This makes me sick to my stomach as the people of Iraq are victims. So are our soldiers who are oftentimes there for the third or fourth deployments. What George Bush is done by bending over backwards frontwards in sideways to the world companies and more profitiers is to make the US the United States the tested laughing stock of the world and make our soldiers targets of people who don't hate them but hate what they represent. In the article from AP the media number of Iraqis killed that those pulled guest was 90-1990. A very recent scientific guest signs of those worked George. Study put the media in Iraqi deathhold at 655,000 and my contacts in Iraq including the sheikless book yesterday claim that it's well over a million. An equivalent amount of Americans would have seen 10 million people. I don't think anyone would call that an unfortunate circumstance of war. Would it that's been more acceptable was a democracy that it's fact us? Now, doing his day dick is traveling the world reinforcing the nuclear option for a ram saying that every option is still on the table. For pretty safe Democrats can you put impeachment for these murders on the table yet? The correct one come from developing nuclear energy technology. The US is threatened to drop a nuclear bomb on Iran where millions of moderate airs will be endangered. A supposed democracy that spreads peace is one of the use of its thousands of nuclear bombs again on innocent people who will stop these many acts. The crimes against humanity keep piling up on the Bush regime if one stipulates that the invasion of Iraq was justified that Geneva conventions require that the occupied power protect the occupied make sure that they have medicine and medical attention and clean water and food. Bush co-is failed to responsibilities to the Iraqi people miserably and the Iraqi people on our troops out of their country. Dropping nuclear or devastating conventional weapons on Iran will be another crime against humanity for the Bush regime to pay to the scrapbook. A majority of Americans do find the casualties on both sides unacceptable, but now it's time to go from thinking unacceptable to the reaction. We need to get out of our comfy homes and hit the streets in the millions on March 17, especially in Washington DC, if for anything else to demonstrate to the people of the world that citizens and democracies don't sanction killing innocent people. We need to do it for our soldiers, but more importantly for the innocent citizens of Iraq. We need to demand an immediate withdrawal of troops from Iraq and we need to demand impeachment for Bush co-is to restore the peace and restore our reputation in the world. After the program, the Sheek in person with a translator and apologize to me for Casey's death saying, we don't want to kill your soldiers, but we're protecting our country and our country. Time to give the Iraqis their country back. We should never have allowed bloody Bush co-is to go there in the first place. Since in the Sheek, you go Cindy and I still have no dots. But during the break, you'll see I'm going to work on it feverishly and the dots too. Oh God, Neil. Goodbye, Anna Nicole, back to Hoda. Tell me that you want to wed you inside of me, I know it's okay. To know where you're fed as in the ground. Guess you can't stand that money now. But you sure die trying. Say how's that white trash die? It's that we're gonna get you back to me with whiskey and a better reach. I'm really surprised that you didn't have to die because you were that dumb. You accomplished nothing and if you came up in your superstar, I would have asked you to break the twig you could have. And now that's what we're thinking, you have something to do outside of lazy pepper wearing as you're not being. So 45 of QM swing away, it's not connected to a server this sort of thing. I even rebooted the computer. It's not connected to a server it says. So the nonsense gonna come back now. I would just not be connected to a server. I wish I could tell you. Okay, I'm supposed to be a technical genius. It's not because it's our under that you brains out. One is it is wrong. Come on Chris, you're supposed to be the computer. Yeah, right. Well, that's not very good. That's not very helpful to me. You're not that I care. I mean, we can't take any calls from here today. Kick it. Old style? Exactly. 647 votes. I think we got a shot. Maybe I'm crazy. Come me crazy. You're crazy. 800. Now. Okay. What do you think? Think we need to 800. You know, it would be revolutionary. That would be especially after doing a stupid run last night and go to the airport without any code. I'm coming to Toronto, man. And I'm at the airport with no jacket, no sweater, no coat, but a short sleeve shirt. No undershirt like some kind of a moron. And it just hit me while I was standing there with the security line. And I'm thinking, well, what the hell do I do now? Stop me. Stop me. And nobody would. And the sad part of it is it's such a chency freaking airport. You think that when you think of a souvenir stand where they were so like, you know, a sweatshirt or something or like like jackets. You don't say Miami or something when you think you think, but the, but the reason. And they got one one concession stand that basically serves that entire terminal for there. And it is terminal and they're lined up 85 deep. And then it's just, I can't even discuss with you. And then the women are lined up like 400 deep outside the team room. There to go and take a pee because there's only like a couple of stalls. Whoever, whoever designed that terminal to be shot. Whoever designed terminal for it for a lot of day. A Hollywood international airport needs to be shot right now. You suck. Paul Cragman writes, what's the good thing I got a good pile here today, you know? Yeah, the thing I came in here pretty nice and early and I got organized because last night, man after coming home for that whole episode of the airport and getting the Gypsy Canvraver. I just, I just hopped in the hot shower and ran right to bed and collapsed passed out. Paul Cragman says six years ago a man unsuited both by intellect and by temperament for high office, somehow ended up running the country. How did that happen? First, he got to Republic of nomination by locking up the big money early. Then he got within Chad and butterfly range at the White House because the public enthusiastically encouraged by many in the news media, treated the presidential election like a high school popularity contest. These successful candidate received Kid Loves treatment and a free pass on the fuzzy method as policy proposals because he seemed like a thumb guy to hang out with. While the unsuccessful candidate was subjected to sniggering mockery over his clothing and his mannerisms. Today with thousands of Americans in tens of thousands of Iraqis that thanks to presidential folly without pattern research and Afghanistan on the brink, you think we would learn to listen, but the early signs are not encouraging. Presidential elections are high school writ large of court to third-news weeks Howard Feynman last month, all my goodness. But in fairness to Mr. Feynman he was talking about the almost content free rival between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, a rival that at this point is mainly a struggle over whose the figure celebrity and about who gets the lock of the big donors. Enough already. Let's make this election about the issues. Let's demand that presidential candidates explain what they proposed doing about the real province-face humanization and judge them by how they respond. I know the counter argument, you can't tell an advanced word challenge as a president may face, so you should vote for the person not the policy details. But how do you judge the person? Public images can be deforeness leading, remember when Dick Cheney had grab a toss, grab a toss? The best way to judge politicians is by how they respond to hard policy questions. So here are some questions for the Democratic hopefuls. I'll talk about the Republicans another time, Paul says. First, what are they proposed doing about the health care crisis? Although he didn't Democrat a candidate said they're for universal care, but only Janet was his come out with a specific proposal. The others have offered only vague generalities, wonderfully up-of-things generalities in Mr. Obama's case, with no real substance. Second, what did they propose doing about the budget deficit? There's a serious debate with them with Democratic Party between deficit hawks who pointed out how well the economy didn't have Clinton years, and those who are having watched Republican squad or Bill Clinton's hard one surplus on tax transfer for the wealthy and other things such as universal health care, higher priority than deficit reduction. Mr. Edwards has come down on the anti-hoc side, but which side are Mr. Obama on? I have no idea. Third, what will candidates do about taxes? Many of the Bush tax cuts are scheduled with Spire Theatre of 2010. Should they be extended in the whole or in part? And what a candidate's proposed doing about the alternative minimum tax, which will have tens of millions of middle class Americans unless something is done? Fourth, how do the candidates propose getting America's position in the world out of the hold in the Bush administration's Doug? All the Democrats seem to be more or less in favor with drawing from Iraq, but what do they think we should do about how to cite your impact as stand, and what will they do with the lame-defeat administration's first bomb in your ran? The point of these questions isn't to pose an ideological litmus test. The point is, instead, the gauge candidate's judgment, seriousness, and courage. How they answer is, is important as what they answer. I should also say that although today's column focuses on the Democrats, Republican candidates shouldn't be left off for a hook. In particular, someone needs to make Rudy Giuliani who seems to be heavily Republican firm runner, step running exclusively on what he did on 9-11. Over the last six years, we've witnessed the damage done by President nominate because he had the big bucks behind him and elected Sordov because he came across well on camera. We need to pick the next President on the basis of substance, not image. It elected Sordov, that's the operative phrase in there, Paul Corgman, in today's New York Times. This hundred fifty six votes on the pool. I don't think we're going to make that 800. Why don't you come up with a ridiculous answer? I think we were safe for the 750 would have been nice. They could do it. Why? We did the break into the 40, and we did that because I was posking around and trying to get the dots back on the phone. It's not going to happen. And the clock has gone too. Why would that be? I don't know. Let me try over again. I'm going to shut down. Like the Beast Boys said, shut it down. Yeah. I'm rebooting again. I mean, I know nothing's going to happen. But at least it makes me feel good like I'm trying to do something as opposed to just sitting here saying, oh, the dots are working. We're still a streamer. We only had the three dropouts. People are actually here. This crap. I mean, this great show online. Oh, look at that screen that just came up on. It's a three-booting now. Okay. Now, if you're signing or you're ready, are you on the edge of your seat there? Are you on pins and needles? Yeah. What does that mean? On pins and needles. That's another stupid expression. Sitting for their pins and needles. You ever seen this boss? I'm sure you have on TV where they talk about the pain, like needle pains in your legs. Well, they call it restless legs syndrome. Oh, they call it RLS. You see that? You know, anybody who's ever had that? I mean, I think they know that. They say did. I think they just invented that so they could pedal some other stupid drugs that would probably kill it. The searchers and needles and pins. I'm thinking I think 63 is my guess. 64. No dots. No dots. No clock. How could the clock was the role of time? How could the clock be the role of time? How could the clock be the role of time? How could the clock be the role of time? I don't know. It's your pins and needles and pins. I can't say that. I like the searchers. Yeah, pretty good. What do you see? needles and pins. I mean, come on. Let's get started. Let's go. Needles and pins. Oh, you're vague. You're stuck. Any K and Dave hide between 4 and 5. Wow, what is that? And cappling 5, 7 for the Humper. And then we got a bunch of stuff for nobody cares about. 661 votes on a pool. On the last day of my life. I want to go out having the best and blank. I've ever enjoyed. I wonder what team Raver would have said. The best and blank. Sex, 237. Three way. One funny. So put those two together and you've got like 54%. Because those, you know, I mean, three way, five way, ten way. Wild Roman Orgy. What's wrong with that? Of course, you know, Roman Orgy's included. Gay. But nevertheless. I'm sure they had options. Yeah. There were plenty of options. I'll be in the hetero quarter. Thank you very much. And I'll be in the Hummer corner. I'll be watching everything going on. I'm always curious. What can we pick these six? One. I thought he was. I think we're a trip 55. I hate this pool. It just keeps his in up there. If you want to. I hate the venta man like that. It literally guys at the venta me just seeping on through. You can smell it. You can sniff it. You can taste it. It's so bad. I hate this pool. 51. 7.7% inching up to like near eighth. Dream or fantasy for it. It's a super answer. You want to. You want to dream about something great happening on your last day. You want to experience it. Okay. You want to experience it. Party 38. Balm movement 33. What could be wrong with that? Oh, explosive. And if it's the last day you're going to be alive, you need to have to waste your time like me, right? What difference is this man? Right. Let's go to a party. A party 38. Balm movement 33. Pizza 12. Maybe it's a pizza party. Or chicken and broccoli. Pasta. That was really great. Oh, what could I say? Oh, you don't like that? Broccoli. Macaroni and cheese with broccoli. That was really good. I like that cheese. It looked like it was like a cheddar cheese melted all over the pasta. But the way I thought you had this problem with milk. I don't like milk. I like cheese. Okay. In other words, you're telling me that eating cheese is like drinking milk. Eating cheese is milk and so is ice cream. Yeah. Some of us now, that's supposed to eat ice cream or cheese. I easily said that. I'm not going to do that. But then has a problem with milk. You're the one who says, oh milk. Yeah. And it was raining about all. It was so dreamy. Oh, the pizza in our teeth. They went from a meal. Best day in meal seven. See, it's certainly in trouble. A little bit. I'm going to do the math. On the last day of my life, I want to have the best day in ice cream. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. cigar four ice cream three. How about cold stone cream? We're going to get a big, like a 10 gallon bat. You know, I'll mix them together like all the different ways. Smash together. Yeah. Just a little bit of big, soggy while you're enjoying your ice cream. They just move right into the coffin. And then you can just move there. And the cob. Rye ice cream. I like it. I like that. I like that. I move you. For that real stone cream right in the box. Sure. Ice cream three, drink three, and pee two. Well, I think the pee people are done. We had two pee people early. And those are probably pee people people that they can't know pee pee. Or just they're doing too well with that. Six, seven and 71 votes. I'm going out on a land on St. Chris week, make eight hundred a day. Headline news in the Chicago Tribune, New York Times, L.A. Times, weekly reader if we make eight hundred votes. I'm doing well. Two hours. We sing with you out because you look like a free. We die so cold, jowt and those like a free. Don't want any humor still go. But you know I'm a kid in the show. Cause you're a donkey in your back. You want to win this is your big chance. But everyone laughs at your ticket to pay. Say your voice is a tool to train back. Then we make fun of your particular bit. Let me give you this cup of sand. Cause you have a bad face. You're a little bit slow. Where does life you make this number one show? Ready, have your nice hair, slime and says real face. It's more a fun, you the drive, fall and it's jank. You have a bad face. But camera no fight. You're out of reach, you'll call the camera again. I don't get half of that face. Oh, you have a bad face. It's a bad voice man. It's a grotesque 102 to a 560 WQAM. Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dogga 2. And then that's strange. Don't you find this gives you a little bit bizarre. A little bit inexplicable. I find the air a little bizarre today. A little inexplicable. Don't start belly aching again about the tar baby. I don't want to go to the back of this. Maybe they knew about the tar before us. I never thought about that. And the in the hump or knew that it was going to be a bit like that. On breathe, well, somebody gave him a tip. Something give my heads up. I'm going to tell you. I want to stick my head right up to the bottom of this damn computer screen. What's the story with that? How come their clock is gone? And it says not connected to a server now. I'm sure it's a related problem. What the point. What the hell is that? That was pretty profound. I wouldn't it. Deep. The door turns Internet and I don't. So, okay, alright. So we're fine. We're fine. Don't be giving me. I mean, we are streaming again. Thank the Lord for that. We're streaming over here. Not screaming. We're streaming. Nobody likes a screamer. But a streamer. That's another story. What are streamers? Streamers are like those things they have at parades and stuff. Right? Yes, they stream. If you can tell them. They stream. They see the old air stream. And not only that. But let me add. What's going on with this poll thing here? Boy, I thought. Why can't I say we're going for 750? So, as I said 800 man, they slowed down to a crawler. They stopped there. And this is a poll that everybody's going to have at a penny down. There's nothing wrong with us. Pull it all. Although we got 7.7% say they hated. They hated. No matter what we put out of the hated. We just hate. They do. We hate the show. We hate the station. We hate the life. That's our Florida for a man. God would have placed. I can't begin to say you. Although I am going to be coming back more often. But not because I like it. 6.7% say that. Pulling. Yeah, I like it. I like my weekend. I'll say that. I had a fine time. We just a great experience. Oh, you skeptics out there. Wow, you're never going to make any friend on the internet. You're all these people are fake. They're all make believe. Whatever you say, okay. Just continue in your cocoon. Okay. Just continue being a pin pal. Some stranger on. They're never meeting them. Never encountering. Never like a enjoyment. Pleasure they're company. You know, never putting your arm around and giving a big hug in the little Squeeze and look. No, there was no that. That's next time. 680 a.m. Pull. We'd like you to make this 700 away. This thing is slow down. And then the phone thing is all about. Like I said, well, here's the story about Paral Gore boy. He just can't. He can't get in the respect. Orchester drowns out Gorson and the Oscars, but his documentary won two awards. Pressed by Best Actor nominee Leo DeCaprio to announce something important that they sent the Anthecatomy Awards last night. Former VP Al Gore and Oscar nominee himself for his hit global warming documentary took a little too long to get to the kicker. So the orchestra drowned him out. And when you see the video clip of that, he looks like he just got hit by a freight train. Ah, I'm talking about deer and headlights. Poor ass. Exactly. Just like that. Gore appeared as a special guest of the Caprio who told the crowd that the Oscars had turned green as he used the occasion to call on the US government to introduce Los Angeles, like never before say, reduction of carbon emissions. Always like that Leo, not. But you can change my pay could turn me around so to speak. Although I hope it didn't send him to close. No, oh God no. Don't turn me around. No way Jose. Cleaner cars, energy efficient homes and green building and helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions the Caprio said in a statement issued Sunday before the ceremony. I didn't know he was like some kind of a big environmental activist. Well, what do you know? Yeah. Because that was hated in like poison. And a movie with him on it, I wouldn't watch it if he paid me by this by the frame. Okay. Forget about by the second by the frame I wouldn't watch it. But maybe he like I said, he'll turn all of our answer around. Leo to Caprio. And in some cases he probably would like to. We need our leaders in Washington, listen to the growing course of sciences next for the saying that we must put in place by making a mission reduction to come back global warming to Caprio statement continue. After the caprio, a lot of girlfriend from the raise awareness about global warming, he brought it in and to revealing his 2008 plans in a major, major announcement. After saying that he was just here for the movies Leo, Gore said he hadn't planned on a befitting inspired. It's intended to be to prefer his speech that isn't only orchestra cut him off. I guess with the billion people watching it, it's as good as time as any said, Gore, so my fellow Americans, I'm going to take this opportunity here and out of formally announced by intentions. And then the music, that must have all been staged. It must have been like, that was supposed to be a joke only, nobody laughed. Like somebody got hurt. While Gore said that he has no intention of seeking nomination for president again, many of his servants to the porters still hoping he can be wrote into running for the open presence in 2008. If Gore decides to run, but if he put a boot, put a boot, put a boot, put a boot, and then we all know that. L and D, generate that die coast of Sunday, Saskia, ceremonies called out Gore during the open monologue. After pointing out that Jennifer Austin and lost on TV's American Idol, but was now in the audience as nominee for the best reporting actress for the musical Vingirls, the generate noted that Gore was also nominated, even though he had once won, he referenced the 2000 presidential election, which must have been put a boot, but it was the Supreme Court gave the Bush. The generate said I've tried to figure it out, and there's no rhyme or reason who's going to win. Look at Jennifer Hudson, she was on American Idol. I'm American didn't prefer, and she's here with an Oscar nomination. And here's Al Gore, America did vote for him, and then, but it'd be Pettaboo. Gore was up for his best documentary for his film and in convenient truth, while the camera was nominated for Liggy World in Blood Diamond. And you know something out of care? What a great activity, he's Leo, and what a piece of it's saying all the right thing. I still can't do all this. He looks like he just got off the spaceship, doesn't he? He's one of the moon and I. So I wouldn't be surprised if he's one of the moon and I. I think that would explain a lot. Got off that ship. 692 votes. We can, if we push it here before the break, we can get to 700. But we never, we never would make it in 697. We would need 103 votes in 52 minutes, that's like, it's about two minutes. What do you think, Chris? We push it and then we'll be left with egg on our push if we don't make it. Ah, well, because they're not coming in like in big chunks like they like they're really enthusiastic about it. Probably because we couldn't take any calls today. Punch up one of the airlines that's not ran. And here a thing. Oh, wait. Oh, there you go. Here's one. Wait. Yeah. Guys, that was it. Go. Am I your pardon? There's a thing with court. Yeah. But I also think you're saying it sounds to me like it was supposed to be a Lane joke, like it was supposed to be funny in the industry. No, I saw the clip. You didn't find it amusing? No. I thought it was scary. I thought that his, you know, I, of course he was only acting. I thought he was a movie? No, I have not. Any other questions? I'll get back to you. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Too bad we can't take somebody's red calls, you know. It's like an interrogation. There are like 20 questions. You see the movie? Did you see the clip? Did you have a baby? But I had a real good bowel movement this morning. Is that making feel better? You jerk? We first have seen here. Six ninety seven. Let's take a look and see. We got seven hundred votes even. Now, like I said, our goal is seven hundred. That little de Bahamas over custody of an Nicole's body. Anybody care about that? Oh, if you do your crazy person, it's all I can tell you. It just leaves me shaken my head. And especially now that the judge, you know, he's going to go off to CBS. What could this have been out the judge? Oh, there she is with her dead son. Now, we did hear some of the hanging source. One very close to the investigation that you have law enforcement officials all in that thought today. And how about the appointment to talk to Anna Nicole? Oh, they're good. I might say have a hell of a conversation. Okay. Anna, the appointment to speak to Anna Nicole. Can we hear the conversation? I wouldn't be here that. All right. No. It was 46 years ago, but these survivors remember all the gruesome details of their right inside a sealed semi-trailer following me. Phil Bay and pigs invasion. You're in an experiment sloshed on the floor and men and boys more than a hundred men captured by the Cuban militia took turns breathing first year out of a small hole. Some more in punched in the truck truck side. That's what you guys need to do there in the building. I'm stuck on the floor. I'm stuck on the floor. I'm stuck on the floor. When the truck stopped eight hours later in Havana, and on the minute nine of the men inside were dead. Today, my main base survivors of the invasion plan to file law to the against Cuban military commander, Osmani C. and Puegos, who they say gave the order to pack the men into the truck and federal Castro. We believe we have enough proof that the crime was committed by these two individuals had won our low-paced de la Cruz and we're telling you a summer curtain on Bay of pigs veteran who lives in Miami. Low-paced de la Cruz spoke to the hero of the estate from Madrid, where the group is playing the file law suit today. While they already did it, seven o'clock at night there now. The invasion that winds Wanda case heard in a Spanish court which is a surdid jurisdiction for human rights abuses and companies around the world. A seminar court indicted former Chile indicted dictator Agosto Penachet. Penachet. Now, you say Penachet or Penachet? We say neither. We hope these Spanish courts will listen to them. Recognizes this is a very cl... Third-cut case. Clot. Very clear-cut case. Lopez de la Cruz said, hopefully the men responsible received the justice we're asking for. And of course, everybody knows for justice. We must go see Dom Coral. Exactly. How are we going to get it in some Spanish stupid court? But nevertheless. Well, I tell you, well, I don't know what we're going to do with this phone thing. Now, our team's in years screwing around, there will offensive advice to the people we need to do. But I'm glad that Crystal made the Hisionists still. Some of us are like a piece of the puzzle is back. Correct. A piece of the puzzle. Just a little piece. What's your little piece ain't bad? That's what we can. Yeah, that's right. 704 on a pool. I think we got 750 like 800 no chance. No way Jose. Don't overdo it on a Monday. Especially once a holiday that we didn't know anything about. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. I know that page is correct. To the page he wrote it out. Correct. Correct. He wrote it out. He wrote it out. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. The guy that hurried she must be in pain. Just in the rest of my bones. When we were my wife won't leave me alone. We've built it over and I never win. I just wonder that you do your more like it. And so I should have spent you there. Waiting for the lonely past that took me away. I'm going to be the first person to go in with my queen. There is nothing I can do. But there's time that we'll be in pain and stretch. And I'm not going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to stop the time to watch you. Yeah, you shot. 18 or 560WQIM. Jesus, two planes, sparks, fewer. Well, I tell you, it's a good thing you're got to have some good stuff. Including the story about the Oklahoma City bombing. Did you read that off of prison planet? And of course, people are some people say, oh prison planet. Those of those peridoid conspiratorial minded lunatics. Well, something they are. But nevertheless, we'll get to that. Claims back in 18 documentary, we've filled maker. To a fond not only the burial place of Jesus, but his DNA and evidence that he had a son are being dismissed as fancival and absurd by both church leaders and archaeologists. I think this is more fancival and absurd theorizing. Every Christian knows that Jesus, the son of God and man, died and rose again on Easter Sunday, said Joseph's willing. Every Christian knows it. A spokesperson for the Catholic Church in New York, or a details of discovery will be unveiled today. No one else DNA tests or Hollywood films that had changed that. He told the New York Post that a discovery could have profound implications. Two thousand years after the boxes were placed in the ground, shaking the foundations of modern faith and raising the Vinci code-life speculation that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene. It's mind-boggling. It's an altered reality to run a documentary director. Sinha Jekyllichi told the star. Jekyllichi? Jekyllichi? Whatever. But where did you say? That was it. The burial box of Jesus and once they have a long-demary magdalene, they'll be on display to press conference in New York City to announce the $4 million document and document. The laws to load Jesus. Located to the press conference, being camped secret to prevent a mob scene. A part of the solution. And we can solve it. There it goes. There's Algan. There was a big, there was a stun. How come the stories don't say it was a stun? With the music interrupting him. Hmm. As they're done. Jekyllichi said that discovery should not take anyone's belief in the resurrection of Jesus, saying he can solve several theologians that make them the film. What can because it's bad for business if they convince people it was a bad grant? What convince people in the New Testament of the resurrection where Jesus of parents is not His disappearance from the tomb? Traditional Christian belief holds that Jesus is sending bodily to heaven. More liberal interpretations of the Bible of a law for a spiritual ascension. Whatever that means. Just a spirit rose. Yeah. The carcass stayed there and rotted. Oh, not good. Kind of like an in the cold. Kind of like. I'm not a theologian. I don't want to take on anyone's said to go to Jacobo. Whatever his name is, Jacobo V. T. Known as the naked archaeologist for his TV show by that name. Oh, brother. The show airs on discovery in the US and on channel 4 in the UK on Sunday was at Sunday. Yesterday is the next one. I don't know. Doesn't say. And March 6 in Canada on vision TV. A book that Jesus family too, my jiboku, jiboku, jiboku, jiboku, jiboku. I can't say that name. Jacobo V. T. and Charles Palagrino was out this week. Titanic director James Cameron executive producer of the documentary. Wrote the introduction. James, Tabor, chair of religious studies at the University of North Carolina. And this word featured extensively in the laws to him. Said the discovery of the tomb could even strengthen the belief of anyone who doubted that Jesus even existed. To have a material length of Jesus is wonderfully says. It's an archaeological dream. They were in experience. They were in experience. Darky Al just says that it is an academic. He's seen enough to convince him of the evidence. But amidst the some trepidation about claiming that the tomb of Jesus has been found. There's a part of you that says it's too amazing. How can it be right, Tabor, toldy, Toronto star. Critics already are dismissing the documentaries claims. It's a beautiful story. Well, on any proof whatsoever said, aim is cloner. Professor at Israel's Bar Elan University. He told the Deutsche Press. Cloner research the tomb of the Israeli periodical octocode in 1996. Jacobovicius says there's nothing in the documentary that should offend about Christians. But why not? Since he doesn't argue that Jesus does not ascend to heaven. At least spiritually told him the Bible. The tomb was on earth in 1980 during construction of a department building. And was first connected to the Jesus family in 1996 BBC documentary. While it wouldn't be the Christ family. Jacobovicius documentary uses scientific methods including DNA testing. It's a statistical analization in forensic examination. Not available to the BBC 11 years ago. The film and book follow years of growing interest in the private life of Jesus. Oh God, I want to hear more. Fueled by the 2003 Dan Brown novel that I've been in. He co-ed made it a movie last year. And which Jesus has said to a very married manly and head of daughter, sparking a century's long cover up. I wonder if he got tricked in having that daughter, George? I wonder. The novelty announced by church groups around the world's flood. A mini industry speculating about the historical Jesus. This is relationship to Mary and his family life. Church leaders including the Pope dismissed the book. And movie is pure fiction. He preferred the Mel Gibson one. Of course. It is as it was. The last year of the Christ. Right. This is archaeology. We got the casket. We got the bones. He told us to. I think we can say all probability. Jesus had this son, Jude. Maybe that's where that beetle son came from. He, Jude, wasn't Jude law they were singing about. It was Jesus son, presumably through Merragdalene. He was at least humans in Magdalene. By way of. There we go. DNA tests conducted to the documentary like had University on two osuaries. What inscribed Jesus son of Joseph the other Mary and Mary and Mary and the or Mary confirmed that the two were not related by blood. So we're probably married. For F. Jesus in Merragdalene, where Merragdalene is the DNA results from the Tatooia osuaries to Jeff. And perhaps their union was kept secret to predict a potential dynasty. A secret hidden through all the ages. Nirritor Ron White says over. We enacted scenes of a happy Jesus in Mary home life. But also they were doing it. Logists. This was not another macular conception. They were doing it. A secret may just be able to uncover the Holy Family to me. Said the tomb was found in the Tupy on the neighborhood of Jerusalem. They're in the construction of an apartment building in 1918. Now Goldstein says he was the apartment. He used the apartment. And nobody ever did. Including Joe Costello. He didn't even know how Goldstein. That was you know, I'll never forget that. You're good buddy Joe Costello. He he he's got some good spino. Huh. Am I right about that episode or did I am I miss reading that too? I don't want to. I don't even know what you're talking about. He was going to New York. Yeah. For whatever reason. And you know, Al Goldstein was always saying to us. He was the apartment where there was a lot in New York. He was going to have an answer and back when he had money before he went to jail. And they ruined his life. And Joe. I think called him. And asked to use the apartment. And of course, I didn't know him from me. She pipicated. No idea who that was. He sure had a foot spread at Joe. But you know what they say in Godfather three. Like nobody wants another Joe. Oh, except me. Over the monon other Joe. Starbucks. I look up a Joe. Oh, this is a big deal with. I just I guess I can drink it. I certainly like all the sweet and drinks that they saw in the video. But I actually like the even said they have a Starbucks like right in the middle of one of the floors. Yeah. And you can't read it in that menu. Maybe I should read it in binoculars next time. I said it's pretty good. But I can't read it in menu. Oh, those fruity drinks that you're talking to tell me out of the game. What loaded with sugar. I know what you do out of the game. I know why you're doing that. Because you want to, you want to be in my will. I know what you do out of the game. You want to be in my will. I know why you're doing that. Because you want to, you want to be in my will. I like it. But you say Georgia ought to be in your will. Just like when people start bringing a home about your candy from Walgreens when I'm in Florida. You don't try to get my blood sugar up to about 600. Don't die. A lot of people want to give it that will be for our decided to change it pretty soon. 729 votes on a poll. You know something Chris, I think it's my bad. If I'd really lean on this baby, we could have got to eat. I mean, 750 I think is a given in it. Yeah. I'm going to play Bill with us and lean on me. And say cheese. Everyone, what happened to the British supergroup Oasis? Lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the Beatles. Not even close. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before. It's Oasis. Don't let it be. Be in my head. By the way. Oasis. Don't let it be. Give you a chance to listen over and over again. Who is incredibly original songwriter. I'd like to be. Need to serve us the ocean in a night on. See creatures called the bass and bats with you. Oasis. Don't let it be. You will move. It will astound you. It will take John Glenn and spin in his grave. And after conclusion. The love you receive is directly proportionate to the love. And look for no parameters new solo LP. Adding highway. On step records. On 32, 28, 22, I'd say it wasn't this thing. Flow by here today was not too bad. You're not on a spot for you, but it was okay. It was bad. It was really, really bad for you. Not because of the show, but because you're inhaling all those toxic few. It was there. From all the tarry on the roof. And nobody is doing anything about it like maybe even bringing like a little sea of fan or something. But we opened the door. It made it a little bit better because it wasn't so bad on the hall. Well, you are sure just full of misery and angst today man. And full of belly aching and whining. And here I'm in such a great mood and I'm going to have to have some happy moods of my lifetime. I would say what? Oh thanks a lot. I'll screw you. So first thing you asked me this morning, and before you were here, I was like, hey, no internet and this and then, how did you week end going? You could be doing all those other good stuff and nice. I was sensational. General, I was certain. I was genuinely, you know, I wanted it to go well. Well, let me just ask you this, seriously. Yes. Because as you know, I've had, you know, my close good personal friends are always giving me advice. And I'm not playing the nip because I've been just since the Jacob business all over everybody, including you, like like a crazy person. But you haven't liked that because I'm an old, conjure man in the beginning and probably in the young persons vacated right? That's right. You know, in prison world. But what, what is it that could go so wrong? I don't understand when you understand something that's sure of it. That's just I know he's going to show up. Why me little variable could have happened and that would have sent you for a loop compared to, you know, based on the way that you've been actin lately. Well, what's on the same mean? That means he could have been five minutes late. That means something could have happened. Any number of things that there would have been nice. I was like text messaging to make sure that he had the away from her she highways. So that's not an area. Any other sort of thing might have set you into orbit considering the way that you've been. Not at all thankful for you. Well, but there was, there was a little thing that was no way. It was a sensation. I've ecstatic. Beyond my wildest dreams or expectations, that's how good it was. I'm nipple twisting through. I wouldn't go quite that far, but nevertheless, I want you to know I kept my hands above the table. I did an entire meal. It had lunch. I kept my hands above the table. Everything was very above board, is they say. In your feet. One time for the International University Professor Carlos Alvera is in his wife, Elsa, supplied agents and catharsic and tons of information. That went far beyond the harmless gossip that couple said they gathered on the Cuban Exhaust community federal prosecutor said today. On the eve of the couple said things tomorrow, the US attorney's office disclosed for the first time that the FBI and Tmitiro from one of the Alvera's home computers showing that rather than reducing the elicit operation in the mid-90s, they were still actively contacting the Cuban intelligence service. In court papers filed today, prosecutor said, sensitive details gathered from slack space on the Alvera's computer showing that Carlos Alvera is prepared written reports on, if the president would list of my deeks personal finances and private business ventures. And we did that to the US government to study on the status of telecommunications in Cuba. And rather to the rest of the leader, Jose Basulto, including an investigation to continue in the ties he's got to the CIA, the Cuban American National Foundation, and financial infrastructure's priority. And we could have looped it like this anybody care. Anybody care? Oh, there's a biblical bone story. Greater interest in studying more. Let's take up some more bone more about archaeology, more about history. And I think that in terms of Christians, they're going to have to reevaluate the basis upon which they hold faith in Jesus. Is it because of his historical reasons or is it because? It's because there was some real good salesman who pitched that story really good. And they made a lot of people and offered they couldn't refuse. That helped a lot. That's why some things last through the ages because people didn't really have much of a choice, I guess. 736 votes we need only 14 more for 750, which would be really easy. Well, I'd crisp if you, as you look back and reflect, you see what you could have done here today. You could have been a hero. And my right couldn't even be a big hero. But because he's a little bit of a coherent, of course I'm looking up and see if I got any dots. I know you may have a clock back on here for Christ's 6. Sorry, those are the Jesus again. You don't have nothing. No dots. I've also bothered me. Don't me forget to get the straight bottle of<|el|> in the bombing, etc. If I got time, don't forget. Only about 600 pages. She's a 200 pound plus hugging machine, but a reflection coming with a price. Police are warning men about the hugging bandit, who hardly embraces men coming out of downtown bars in Buffalo and leaves them without a wallet. Does this immense hit they've been victims? Police say others are too embarrassed to admit it. She doesn't just go up at a hug use to take a sergeant Tom Notland. She actually grabs them, tries to talk them into something more and there goes their wallet. Like the gypsies that you were building a gun about. Yep. All the gypsies in the wall there. They're everywhere, man. They're thick. The hugging bandit's been striking for about the past decade. Typically between two and four o'clock in the morning. She uses the credit card she steals within hours of her theft. Just like those gypsies in Rome. As far as I can tell she waits until it's late at night, these guys coming out of bars are tipsy down. They're going to go to their car. They're going to a hot dog vendor. She makes sure that they're reporting drunk is what she does. Often, as it believes, she's a 40 year old buckle woman. They've arrested 17 times between 98 and 2005 or four similar schemes. This is what it's first and two to the criminal possession of stolen property. At least at least to get a hug. The most recent theft was early yesterday. An antelope police say, heavy said woman approached him for sex. When he said no, she gave him a hug in life with his well-containing 25 dollars. His driver's license and debit cards. That sounds like my lunch meeting. I'm sadder to him. That's cute. I'm glad they police show the man a photo of her. They included the woman suspected in the case. The man admitted he was too drunk. I can't remember her ass or the rest of her either. Well, there he is. The hugging bandit. At least you get a little hug out of something. Nothing wrong with him. 7.38 on a pole. 7.50 is a four-gong contusion. Unfortunately, we're going to fall in the short. What did I say when I came up with that 800-crack? The two of them are streaming at Baby. We're streaming. George has got the internet back. I'm sure Chris doesn't have his. Not something. It is? Yes sir. How come I don't have my stuff here? Oh, let me click that. I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Ah! Nothing. Absolutely nothing. How about a hybrid boot at one more time? I'm not in the jacket. I'm not in the jacket. I'm not in the jacket. I'm so good. Can't hear him. It's not going to. I'm sure it's not going to do anything. So it's like a patchwork deal. It's coming back in chance. Yeah. Well, luckily we've faced him hard. It's hard to score tomorrow morning. Watch one. We'll pause for you with it. Hardcore. Tomorrow. We'll get some hardcore stuff. I'm going to come and watch that. 21-02 at QAM. And now former vice president, Al Gore, on global warming. Take it from me. The man who invented the internet. The man who invented the month turnlick. And the man who invented the chief pet. The frithy. And chocolatey cocoa. We are in trouble. People laughed at me when I first spoke of global warming. But who's laughing now? I am fixed a death of hearing meter of a knowledge of state-of-weather patterns. Have been caught in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. I'm not in the world. But why are they gone? My goodness, we raised them up to another realization that the father. Number one is the general command that the position of the general is not went about The course of problems could have been equal. But the. Travises. The name isended. Question one. But you can't have the blood of a man that Ordinary got busy. The speciality under agreements are fulfilled He made every day For theyan. To be able, we'd better down his rankings. admittedly, it was the two-hour PowerPoint slideshow presentation, but I have been nominated for an Oscar. Apparently, the Academy was Austria by my keyboard stroking. I have already selected a proud piece of real estate on my mental piece for that baby. It'll go right next to my boy scout of the year award, which I want at age 30-9. The ice caps are disintegrating at an alarming rate. Part of like rock Obama's chances of becoming pressed at the ice sheets in Greenland Othukov in my movie and the subsequent melting deraug are akin to an El Nino in the Sun with an Alpazicle. People need to listen to me. We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and roam more plants and treats. Othukov started with marijuana, which I personally do not smoke. Though many people have attributed my flow in deliberate speech pattern and lazy eye to being a pot-hand. Trust me when I tell you. My irritating tonal quality and monotone delivery are inherently mine. In conclusion, trust the word of me, the 45th vice-president of the United States will not tell you, should we continue on our current path? We are screwed. The solution for the sclobal warming problem can be found in a lock box in my home in Nashville, Tennessee. I alone possess the single key to unlock the box. Though you can get your own key, but taking up the inconvenient truth on DVD, now available at best by circuit-footie, Amazon.com, or Ralph's SNATCHENGRAP, located in Hendersonville, Tennessee. I want to school with Ralph. He said to beat me about the head and face with his metal scooby-do lunch trail. I got him back by sleeping with his life at a key party in 1973. And since that time, we have become fast friends. It's time to take responsibility for the world we live in, and stop blaming that kid from Mexico. Former vice president Al Gore now runs in maintains a bill to bear workshop at the Stone River Mall in Murphy's Bro, Tennessee. He is completely crazy. 752 votes. I told him it might for 750. Easy. And if we just go to about 230, we can probably make the 1000 or the whatever. 800. Or I can do that. New Oklahoma City Revelation Spotlight FBI involvement in the bombing. New claims, Vyoclo, Homicity, bombing conspirator, Terry Nichols, that Tim McVey was being steered by a high level. FBI official has supported by a platter of evidence that proves McVey did not act alone that authorities had prior warnings and were complicit in the bombing of the Alfred P. Morab Building. The Salt Lake City Tribune reported on last week Wednesday. Hey, don't forget to read that Oklahoma City bombing story. Okay, Oklahoma City bombing conspirator, Terry Nichols, as a high-ranking FBI official apparently was directing Timothy McVey in the plot to blow up a government building, and might have changed the original target of the attack according to a new affidavit file the new registered court in Utah. The official and other conspirators are being protected by the federal government in a cover for the skip. It's responsibility for the loss of life in Oklahoma Nichols spends in a February 9th half a day with it. Documents that supposedly held back up his allegations have been sealed to protect information in them, such as social security numbers in David Burf. U.S. Attorney's Office in Utah had no comment on the allegations. The FBI ingested to be able to watch NBC also decline comment. Another report that disarray morning news named the FBI agent Larry Puss. But then information has now been sealed by the court. Puss was no stranger to any government confrontations. Having been the lead FBI agent Ruby virgin 92, we saw that the shooting death of Vicki Weaver, the wife of Separatist Randy Weaver. Puss also reportly was involved in the 51 day siege of the Graham's Dividium Company Wico Texas 93, which resulted in that fire that killed 81 branch Dividium followers. I remember being on the air at IOD that day, remember that day? Yeah. But they threw all the crap in there, the tear gas and stuff in the fire and started and all those people inside and they were like, I'll go and like, I'm dying out of the Puss retired from the FBI on the intense pressure and criticism for the cover up in an oven order to allow agents to shoot anyone seem leaving the Weaver Cabinet Ruby Ridge. If Sepic Vicki believed Puss was manipulating him and forcing him to go off script, which I'm just going to mention, changed the target of the bombing. Michael said, the after-day that was filed on lawsuit brought by Attorney Jesse Trinidadu whose brother Kimeth was tortured and beaten to death in Oklahoma City Federal Prison in 95. A 30's claim Trinidadu had committed suicide, but he was being held on a suicide proof cell at the time and Occupy photos of his body showed he'd been shocked with a stun gun, bruised, burned, sliced, and then hung. Oh, he was hung. Jesse Trinidadu was a mast evidence that his brother was mistaken for one of Timing Bay's alleged bombing accomplices and attempted to get him to talk federal agents when too far and then tried to instigate a cover-up of the murder. Just like 9-11, the official strut of the Oklahoma City bombing, that may be acted low on carrying out the attack using a fertilizer truck bomb, as cocked by a plethora of outwittance accounts, as well as physical and circumstantial evidence. For example, in early of 95, a writer truck identical to the one used in the bombing was filmed by a pilot during an overflat of an area near Camp Gruber Bragg's Oklahoma, a June 1797 Washington Post article authenticates the photos as being exactly what they appear to be. Photos of a writer truck at a clandestine base at Camp Gruber Bragg's, by with a military imposition of a writer truck house in a remote clandestine army base, days before the bombing. In a 93-lettered or resistant, a fake cland that he was approached by military intelligence and had joined any lead squad with government-paid assassins. They play often committed to them, even solving changes of story on a whim, to fit him with latest government version of events. Is the camp, grapped in footage evidence of a increase in enrollment on such a clandestine program? Multiple reports and Arabs of the scene assisting the paperwork nor an insurmount of the textual withheld under national security. The likely reason for this was the fact that Bush seen you in Clinton were responsible for bringing in early of 1000 Iraqi soldiers, camped by US forces during the 91 Persian Gulf War, some of whom were involved in the bombing. The FBI claimed the face scab of the Alfred P. Morab building weeks before the bombing, and yet on the morning of the attack, he stopped at local gas station to ask directions, letting credibility of the new claims that he was being controlled by other conspirators and as a target of the bombing had been changed. Original reports of two explosions and several failed devices being defeated by bomb squad were buried by the establishments of the Fish-Loss Polition and the Vey act at Lone was punished. The Pacific analysis conducted by General Benton-K. Parton revealed core columns were blown out from within the building and that extensive damage to the Alfred P. Morab building was completely inconsistent with the explanation of a single and relatively weak fertilizer truck bomb. Many eyewitnesses reported the bomb squads in full reaction gear were seen around the building immediately before the blast. Police officer Terence Yiki, who was upstate dozens of victims was one such witness, Yiki compiled extensive files of his observations, but was later filed with a throat and wrists slashed, having also been shot in the head after he told friends who was being followed by authorities. I guess he just a coincidence, huh? They always are. They always are. There's a whole lot more of that and you can find it on our website, mirroredures.com. 750 evotes, what a shame. What a wicked webwee we when we practice to deceive whatever the hell that means. 758. On the lion's day of my life I want to go out and having the best damn blank ever enjoyed. Sex, 267. That's it. Three way, 138. It sounds a little sexual to me. Wicked weed, 55, 65, see after the sex is way down, way down the list. Wicked weed, 65, a catch or a trip, 63. I sure hope you've already arrived there on that day. That's just leaving. Oh, look at that. I hate this pulls up to 62, 8.1 percent as the venom continues coming out. You think you've got stuck coming through your vents? Dream or fantasy, 44. Party 39, bowel movement 39. I mean, why is that? I guess if you've been constipated for like 30 years, like my mother for 50 years, pizza 16, stupid choice. Pizza. Meal nine, music and choice, but it's not doing all I could. Drink five, cigar five, ice cream four and a p. The best p ever, too. Oh man, like just like it has like a flood over soft floor. Oh no, no, no. Oh, no. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. When I ride, let's abuse some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat scream. Oh, I don't care if they ain't from my raps to these. You're too to the torture, because they're just laying their game in the past. He had to be worse with the damn who say Tim the faith He's on trial for that big full day I am sure he's guilty as a day Do you believe in Tim the faith? No All the sins are to the O'eress Jemperino when the ATF He took a beat to him the press Wide teeth Place their foaming course So much strife Will he get the chance Will he get the life to me? Have annoyed about the U.S. Hurlomer that he might be gay And a cordu tune My forte I hate the government just as much as most of you I'd give it up But I'm not even a rapper I've heard of a white cue Most of them are doing it to Tim They can have their weapons in the pen What's in the play? He's on trial for that big full day Bye bye bye