In the interest of equal time, the following is the official gay response to Tim Hardaway. I hate basketball players. I don't like to be around basketball players. I'm Hupofobic. They're tall, they're muscular, they have seniory cast muscles, they're sweaty from going up and down and up and down. Hardaway all night long without getting tired. I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the team. I wish to how are they gathered, playing hand-of-man. Just thinking about it. I'm thinking about it right now. Wow. Never mind. Never mind. It's a 10-1 and 5-60 WDQA. Oh, we got a full-for-hour today. Oh, no. What are we going to do about that? You don't have to be in the state. Don't tell me you're eating all of that. But there's a champion from Howe's. I thought it was like Charhoe Wednesday. Are you guys still getting screwed out of that? Yes. Well, you know, Muffles and there were a little while ago. Why do you say, like, come up? I'm just screaming. You're fair. I'm trying to talk to him about it. He said, you know, Bufungu. I'm big you're pardon? He said, I have this. He said, nothing to you. I think we're behind the wall. I don't want to disturb. I think I might play though. Since we got to do a whole four hours today, let's just play the dialogue from Guy Father 2. Let's play a Frankie Pan-Tanzoy all day today. No, we don't want to do that. How do you do what? How goes the lines right there? Oh, it's a magic trick. You'll see. You'll give you a loyal being to a Jew before you unblone. Come on. Thank you. You know my father did business with him and he was a little bit scared to him. Your father did business with him and he was, your father would expect to be a little bit wrong. But your father never trusted him and he was a little bit wrong. He's so good at scary. You know what? I don't know why the hell we didn't realize it back in the day in a hundred years ago. Yeah, he's a great. At least two people woke up this morning on their way to becoming mid-in-airs. Somebody bought a wedding ticket for the right. One thing I can't stand is people who gamble. That's why I remind you that it's wood-by-one Wednesday. Maybe I'll win a jackpot today. Maybe I'll get the progressive jackpot on the $5 wheel of fortune. Two hundred and sixty-six grand sons, good to me. All right. But I doubt it. I'll be happy with two hundred and sixty-six bucks. Someone bought a wedding ticket for the right. A three hundred and seventy million dollar mega-million jackpot in Dalton, Georgia. Oh no, Dalton, Georgia. Can you imagine what kind of people would be talking about? A little. And another wedding ticket with so-then, keep making a county new jersey. I have no idea where that is. But at least Jersey, there might be some life-living and breathing people, maybe. There could be more when there's two California's results were slow-drewly and they by the high volume of sales. But that's really bad. You know, you think you won $370 million and then you find out somebody else got it. You only got a hundred and eighty-five million. Oh, Christ. Crap. It's like when you catch a small fish, you know, it's too small throat back. California law enforcement rob McAnderson would likely be mid-morning before they know for sure. Well, it's kind of mid-mid-morning now, isn't it? But I haven't paid any attention. Who really cares? We didn't get it. The other nine states involved in lottery struck out said Mar-Della Cohen, spokeswoman for the Ohio lottery, which compiles information for all the states. They're good at fixing numbers. You know, like the lie, the two thousand for election. Eyes are hitting the jackpot are one and a hundred and seventy-six million. Georgia lottery corporation spokesman JB Landrow said a win ticker was sold at the favorite market in Dalton, Georgia. The favorite market. You can only imagine. New Jersey lottery spokesman Dominic Demarco said officials in his state were still trying to pinpoint the store there where it'd be sold. Last night's drawing was held in the York Times Square and ABC's television studio rather than Atlanta after Bruce Cale's push would have been estimated 350-five-minute dollar jackpot to a record-twinner in the 70-million. Even though the temperature was just 16 degrees, a handful of hopeful show up in Times Square watched the drawing. New York construction worker and Delco Cale on a Kenno idea what he would do if his mega-millions ticket paid off, which he did not. I'd go to the moon, he said, why not? Go to the moon, yeah. That's what I would do if I won a hundred and eighty-five or three hundred and seventy-million dollars. I'd risk my life if I'd go on a space shuttle and like, yeah, you killed. Before I could enjoy one second of it. I'm thinking that took a good idea. Good thing he didn't win it, you know? It's not like a jackass to me. But then again, what do I know? What do I know? Here's the appell results that's when I know from here today. We had fifteen hundred and fifty-seven vote. Oh, and I also, man, am I going to get you today? You are. Yes. You want to know what it's about? Did you see the story about the diets? No. Ah! And which one works the best while we get to the moon? I didn't know we had a diet controversy going. You and I? Yeah. But for years now, really. Maybe it wasn't you and me. Maybe it was. Or maybe it made up. Well, let's just, let's pretend we do that. Okay, absolutely. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're right. You're right. Here's the poll. My favorite deck comedian is Rodney Dangerfield. Rodney kicks AS man. Even in the box. He's still kicking ass. And still getting no respect. Two hundred and twenty-five votes. John Belushe's second, but a distance set with one-on-one. Just edging out Richard Pirer with one-away. But you know something? Because Richard Pirer was on here twice. Let me find the other place where he'd be on. But without that we fixed it. Oh, you did fix it? That's right. Ah, right. Okay, like I said. Sorry. One-on-away. So, Belushe won a nine, Richard Pirer one-away. Sam Kinnison, one-hundred. So, those were the top four. Those were the contenders. Philharmon 91. I love Philharmon. John Candy 80. You don't think he was like a whole fatt, do you? A little bit. Benny Hill, 78, Chris Farley, 70. Jackie, Jason 65. You don't think Jackie was a fatt, do you? That's not good. Now we're just saying, so let's talk about those diets. We'll get to it. The Marx Brothers 62. Richard Pirer, with them all together, it was Groucho and Chico and Hartbow and Gammo. They'll forget Zepo. On Zepo. Oh, yeah. Remember the lead Zepo was in the Grand Zepo? And the Grand Zepo? And was that the one that was the one? Well, the human, the one who believed it was his terrible. Just like Jeffrey Tubans, against David, and the verdict came down in the Scooter, it'll be true. Oh, this is terrible. Yeah. Johnny Carson 60. Here is Johnny. Here's Lucy. Lucy had 43. Lucy. I hate this both 39, only 2.9% they liked it. And what's not to like? If you have any sense of humor at all, Mitch headberg 35. I still think he's came to Amir's headberg. I have no idea. And the lead swamized on, for a boring game of the Panthers lost in Atlanta where they always lose. What is it? They might as well just corporate those games say the earfare. Abbot and Cousstello 34. Bill Hicks had... Bob third man. He had to damn good thing we put him on there because I was really resisting because most people like no idea who that is. Bill Hicks, do you know who it is? No. Either do I. Even though I have that CD, that must be the guy in Highly, Assembly that CD years ago. It's still down at the house. And it's sitting there in the kitchen on the counter. With a bunch of other stuff. And I've never got to listen to it. Laurel of Hardy 23. Or any co-vaccine buddy hack it at 22 piece. Everde for any co-vaccine was great. Bob hoped 21. Red Fox 18. WCfield 18. Jack Ben 18. Rochester. Sinobly another in me and I was talking about it. Oh, Rochester. Lenny Bruce 16. George Burns, he raised the L15. I liked their adopted son Ronnie Burns. Who's adopted? I was like Ronnie. Paul, if you have to say things like that, it sounds awfully. Yeah, I'm just honest, you know. And the hot's for Ronnie. Paul in 14, Andy Coffin 14. Steve Allen 14. Steve Allen had so many more votes including mine to be Breonna Stwoot. If WC for the fact that it became such a jackass in his latter years. A spokesman for the end of the fall thinking. Marty Feldman 10. He 10. He kind of looked like what's in name. Babs. Babs bush. Red skeleton eight. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I had a great line, but I can't. Yeah, it was it. Babs bush. A red skeleton eight Charlie Chaplin said, imaging coca finally woke up a little bit with five. W more four. I hated them more. I mean, I know he's dead. It's not, you know, it shouldn't really say that. But why not? Okay, I thought I was just feeling, I didn't. I did that whole British thing and all those guys. The only British comedians I really ever liked is Marty Python. Yeah, he didn't like Benny Hill. No. I like Benny Hill. Don't like the Zayney Carver laughs. I've been a him for laughs and Benny Hanifer. Very admirable amount of food. And they put on a good show there of Benny Hanifer. They give it like they slice up like a, they take like one small slice of beef. And then the guy keeps throwing it up in the ear and the walk and he keeps slicing it up in the little teeny tiny pieces to make you think you got a lot of food. There's nothing there. Hero Lord had four votes for really old people. Hero Lord, I think was in silent movies, wasn't it? I don't know. Oh, I guess what was on last night on my table. You won't believe this with Spencer Tracy and Angry Birdman. Gaslight. Dr. Jekyll and Miss O'Hide. Oh, Tom Jika and Dave High. They've yet to make a good version of that. This wasn't one either. Oh, I'm not in the role for Buster Keaton 3, Pat Paulson 2, Danny K to Jimmy Grady, one of the canter one in Fred Allen had one. No, in fact, this is 1941. And of course the cinematography, the special effects of the had in 41 were very limited. So toward the end of the movie, where he's, when they show he's finally exposing his secret to his good close friend there. Right. Hold the gun on him. And so where is, where is Henry Jekyll? And he says, okay, you force me to do this. And he drinks the potion. No, he misses it up. He drinks the potion slowly, but surely he's turning back into Dr. Jekyll. Henry Jekyll. And the showing like, hey, it's very poor. It's very, we can have to see this. But those special effects really suck, you know? It's like fading fading. Yeah, that's right. Here fading in there. That's exactly correct. And it sucks. But they don't know the difference. They don't know the difference. They don't know the difference. You know, we reminded me of an end movie. Spencer Tracy. I don't know what the big deal was about him. I don't know. Maybe it's just a generational one. He gets a big one character and he was really ugly. Other than that. He always, it looked to me like he was always playing himself. Here is Spencer Tracy. He's starring as, yeah. Yeah. He's talking through the movie. Yeah. Walk it through the roles. Or you start now again. Yeah. Here's today's pool. I know I shouldn't have done this too many of these Neil pools. It's just going to really to me, Terri Swing. I'll put this one guy who sends the pool has got a finish of Cess with me. Just obsessed with a point of neurosis. So it's always well. Sure Neil, pick his nose with his pinky. His little finger is, well, whatever. Yeah. All I think you're a little finger is your pinky. Yeah. I'll index back to the point of trying to get the right and to never really get that one. I mean, he just thick his whole hand up in there and his nose too. Should Neil always, oh, I see what it says. Since Neil always offers us good advice. Well, now that's started. I was going to offer Neil what if I was, oh, see this is even written right. Eric left the word out of this or maybe the guy did. If I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice, it would be. Eric left the word out. If I was going to offer one piece of, he left if. Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all to it in 49. That's what I voted for. I know it all, man. And if I knew it all, what the hell am I doing to work in police people? Hey, it's a nice paycheck twice a month. I'll tell you that including Friday, I believe. Less work more money. That's what we would believe in. You know, at some of my correspondence stuff there online, bitching about the fact that we had the Marlon Game yesterday and we got that horrible UMM basketball even tomorrow 130. And I appreciate their loyalty in there and things like that isn't there. Love and their kindest prey. But the matter of the fact of the matter is less work more money. That's why we love those data. Here's the other piece of advice. Make the move to satellite 127. Yeah, make the move. Okay, I'll move. Don't ever retire. 124. Stay in the hall off a my space. 104. There is no chance that that's going to happen. No chance in your pants. Move back to Miami 35. I would say there's even a less chance to that 35. I hate this pull 31 only 4.1 percent. I'll do that. Retire now. Retire 31. No way. Go straight 25. And stop gambling 17. It's wood vine Wednesday. So that's what they're suggesting. Out of 750 votes. We'll make 1000 a day. Chris, I'm glad that you're excited about it. All right. George Curtis came in and paid us a nice visit this morning while George was out doing his way to open. Just made it back just in turn till really going on. I'm telling you, you and I were busy this morning racing to the Image crew. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe it's something in the year. But let me ask you this. Oh, wait a minute. I'm going to go expecting to get a recording. But someone was there to help me. Help me! Somebody help me! I could have like, I'm in the works right away. And I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving. Max, but kind of brave and calm their souls. Woohoo! You won't. But we gotta have Noah's right at the beginning. What he says. No! All right, okay. How about that the other day? James Brown, but we got weird. What did you bet? Jim, Jim, show out of the box. You can all out of the box. The pureer drafts for Tomabio W2AL. Who was a little baby father? I could be one of a dozen guys. It made me eat all the hours. Each year brought That will be brought in from Very perfect as he is a daddy. He shot up. Your husband has been back. Looks like Noah and I will fight. He'll be. I'll feel that crazy girl. You can't be now. But turn it and he's mad now. Who is a dad now? Who can be now? Who can be now? Who can be now? And who would he care? This is right. Today I teach at 560 WCM. Here's one for the pull from my good online buddy, Zisco. Boy, I haven't heard from him in a long time. And ages. How's it going, Zisco? He's okay, my book. Good guy. He says, here's one for the pull. Stay off the ice cream. Good guy. Stay off the ice cream. You'll be very fascinated with this. He says, also, I'm warning the chairman, considering the straight guys having gay sex. Prisoners circumstance will maybe 10% or less of the world's population is in prison. So you can't really count that. If a prison was released from jail, do you think that they would still voluntarily seek out men for sex when they have access to women? Probably not. And those that did, you could say, probably argue that they have had mental trauma, etc. But it comes down to a by definition. Straight men do not have gay sex, says his coat. Okay, he's now more than one time. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. I'll give you the benefit of the down say they don't have it one time. Just to see how it is, he said. Yeah, well, they continue from there than they're by. Take this, for example, would you have sex with a dead body or an animal? Or what does that just know? Huh? What does it look like? How about a dead animal? What does that look like? There's just no physical attraction, there's a, I'm sure that, that would even discuss you. That's how a straight guy feels when it comes to gay sex, says his coat. He says, beef, so go beyond something one time to see how it is. Straight guys don't have gay sex. He says, I'm not being a dumb, jack or ignorant, I'm, or in denial, I'm just like, you know how this straight guy sees it. It was just like this. This goes straight by the way, once I make sure you understand that. P.S. you're like this part, being a heart, heart ass, bastard that you are. He says, I think Tammy is really a straight guy in denial. I think she's a crazy fat guy. Right, woman to be so adamant about something that's really no big, deal. You got to suspect something. Maybe it's Timmy from wherever she's from. I'm not being there. I think this guy, you're real a panic, you're being anxious. It's just a matter of what words mean. It doesn't mean you're a bad person if you have gay sex. Oh, well, thank you so much for that. There are people who can't come to terms with their sexuality and they hate label. Oh, here's like I said, I don't ask a whole bunch of questions. I don't want to hear about the family, three, and who are the family, three, and who's playing a band you are up there and are they kind of with the bees laser? I don't care about that. If they look good and they're willing that I'm, you know, I'm on set. I'm ready to run in there and grab whatever I can. A sudden fact is leadership, yesterday that evangelical voters might tolerate a divorced presidential candidate, but they have deep doubts about GOP-Hope already, Julieni, who's been married not once, not twice, count them three times. Oh, boy. Can you imagine, Mima? Can you imagine the sin that's all built up against his record, but when he gets to them poorly, he scorely gates. Richard Lann, I never heard of him. Head of the public policy for the Southern Baptist Convention told you, associated press, that evangelicals believe the former New York City mayor showed a lack of character during his divorce from a second wife. Tell this in personality, Donna Hanover. There was something important to you just facts me or what? It's interesting. Oh, good. Okay. It's about D. Under Moochie. Oh, I guess Johnny G. Send me another email this morning with a link to one of his my space buddies. It's Johnny Depp. Well, how do you like that? Now, I'm not going to say a word. Anyway, getting back to Rudy Julieni and the Southern Baptist Convention, I mean, this is divorce on steroids, Lann said, the public, he humiliated your wife and that way and you're children, that's rough. I think that's going to be an awfully hard sell, even if he weren't for a choice and pro-gun control. Julieni married his longtime companion Judith Nathan in 2003. They had dated publicly about Julieni and he was murdered in Hanover. His first marriage ended in an annulment. And his son won't be campaigning for him, by the way. But Julieni Stepp and her referred calls on Lann's statement to the exploratory committee, which did not have it immediately response last night. Julieni also already has a challenge in winning over consideration of the voters who make up the GOP based. Many of them view him with skepticism because of his modern views on social issues, his gaze, guns, and a broken, considered, too liberal. Lann noted that Republican presidential candidate John McCain has been married twice, but said the Arizona Senator's acknowledged in his partner, failure of his first marriage. It's a more hill compared to Julieni's mountain land, said, when you're a warrior like McCain, you have less to prove on the character front. Right. Many polls identified Julieni as the primary Republican presidential primary, followed by McCain and then former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, all brother, as he got a chance in hell or what. All done. Southern Baptist have been among the most vocal conservative Christian groups in the support of the Bush administration, but they and other crazy people, evangelicals are struggling to fight a consensus. Presidential candidate who embraces their stands against gay marriage and abortion. Same old, tired, craft man. Same old, same old, tired and stale, and just enough to make you want to look up your guts out. Get on your hands and ease and just let for hours and hours and hours. Am I right? Yes. Yes. Just like all this crap about Anne Coder, when you expect from that big child from this self-hating deck, what do you expect? This is what these people are all about. Okay. Hate. Good old fashion. Hate sells in America. Big time. Hate prejudice. Big free. Neural mind and stupidity. All of these. All of these things. It sells big time. It goes over like, call a lie and tell a few of man. They're full of love and they're full of love and they're full of love and they're full of love. I don't think I had. There's plenty of it here. Wow. We don't want to be a little bit like that. You can take a spirit. Yeah. I know all about it. Yeah. I'm sure he does. Is that like Peter Brad that you dip into something? I think it's pretty good. I think it's pretty good. I like that. Although they eat a lot of like shorma. What is shorma? Is that like a land? I don't know. And they like Mary had a little land. And the Middle Eastern folks ate it. I don't like land. No. It's gaming. It's a sweet and green. Exactly. It's very sweet. Man. Duck. Hey, look, we have three other two things. Well, good. Wait till we get to the, whatever, what's the other one? About the diet diets. Fifty's do up came beyond the moochy. Came to the West Palm Beach of the weekend. Like your Catholic men about faith. Really? Now the moochy is one who could end up being in school about fatherhood. A world-pombing, circumdistinguishable, repairman and musician who's believed for the past 35 years he's de Muti's love child. A range of lunch with a recent Grammy nominee after Saturday's lecture. Then D&M Brogeo said he'd squitely secured de Muti's water bottle and stood for into his pocket. This week he carefully swabbed the top and inside of the camp he said, out the cotton. I wonder if that's cotton batten. To a private land for a foreign to foreign to twenty five dollar D&M test, and Brogeo hopes the test will share with the D&M in the Belmont's front man father him fifty years ago. For your father, for your father. Asked about it by page two on Tuesday this is the Palm Beach post. The moochy seemed shocked. Creepy he said he's sixty seven. We got he's even older than I am. He can send a bottle of or guitar strings or happy even vagal if he wants to. He's not my son. I have feet and vagal. I think that's how like a little shot there. Oh. I good but if you see that. Me. Me. God. Good night. On headline news. Nancy Grace. Interviews by Rich Troublemaker The Leopard Come. One on one. I'm going to expose you for what you are my little green friends. Nancy Grace is relentless. Isn't it true that you have engaged in fraudulent activity for centuries? Oh, lassie. Fine. Not worth any people off. People are always trying to steal my money. I say you promised a pot of gold but don't deliver now. You're the victim. You sur had to you sleep at night. The truth comes out when Nancy Grace has you when her crosshair. So you think it's all right to use a rainbow. A symbol of hope to lure folks into one of your sinister money scammers. Nothing sinister about her. It's the cause. You're really just a fairie. Isn't that right, Mr. Leopard? Yeah, right. Who are you calling off? Seriously. Who are you calling off? There'll be no luck in the Irish for this leprechaun. When he gets grilled by Nancy Grace tonight on headline news. You're fairie. 1033. Okay, let's take a look at that schedule for Wednesday. How does it look like? Mad Dog at two. Then we got to power our one of those birthdays when both guys are here. We got four to five. Henry Goldberg and Jim Manage together. Four to five. Hank five to six fifty. That's fine. Another little bit of a short show because you got the ballads against the. Uh, oh, it says versus LA and Jupiter. Now LA doesn't come in and it could be the angels or could be the dodges. Am I right, Chris? You would be correct. The angels of and used to be a vote whatever the hell it used to be. Anyway, that's the six fifty and nobody cares anyone. Then after the baseball game, we got any K. We got any K for all times. Yeah, I don't know what's going on. He's a stand up. So you're dead. I know. Man, I'm going to look for Frankie Pantangeli. Just for the comedy over. You know, he's a funny guy. I'm not a character. Still alive. I heard they hit him with five shots. And he's still alive. I just love the way still up. So says that. You know, he comes out of there with the Tom Haken. They've been holding Tom captive for a while there. Yeah, and it comes on side. And then he gets one of his, one of his buffers comes running over and whisperers in his ear. About beat, but we'll put about bad news for you and bad news. What is it? A bad news for me and bad news for you. I think it's a scene to make that deal. Some like that. But let's just, let's just always cite the whole dialogue from the godfather. Let's do it. Let's do it from all three parts. You know, the 600 hour on an inversion. Let's do it. Good plan. That was a nice. That's nice. So spend it a sentence. I love it. I love the way it says that. So spend it a sentence. Right. You've learned in a suspend. Oh, kind of. Campaining in 2000. George Bush promised he was sworn on the Bible to restore honor and dignity to waste Solid White House and give it one heck of a scrubbing. The condition of Scooter Libby gave the wet houses scrubbing but not the one that Bush had in mind. The case laid bare the inner workings of a presidency under siege in the secret of world of ice president, Dick Cheney, the anxious, the unacceptable Dick Cheney. Crook, liar, thief, lunatic, maniac. Money, grabber. It showed the likes to which Cheney went to release somewhere of 2000. See, I want to interrupt my own reading of this. I don't have a problem with people being crook, so okay. I mean, because most people have got a lot of money. I'm talking about really, really big money. Most of them are crooks. But how much do you have to have? How much you got? Exactly. That's what it's all about. How much do these people have to have before they're satisfied? How much does a bastard like Dick Cheney with his crappy heart? How much does he have to have? More. What's he going to do? Leave millions of millions to his bullbike daughters at it? Right. It showed the likes to which Cheney went to release somewhere in 2003 to the spread of administration. Quitted Joel Wilson, the former ambassadors as certain that cast doubt on the administration justification for having taken the company to warn Iraq. And the Libby case showed the president of the Sistine Cheney and he leaked attacks on Wilson. That's why they all three should be on the way to jail right now. This should be in shackles. This should be in chains. They should be in a tardin feather. Libby was Cheney's chief of Stampus Farm, guilty yesterday, a four or five counts of obstructing justice lying in purgery. The investigation would be an investigation. The administration disclosed the an interview of Valerie Plain. The verdict is great damage to the Bush administration said Paul C. Light, Professor of Puebic Service and NYU, it undermines the president's pleas of ethical conduct. But the most serious consequences that will raise questions about Cheney's verbality in office, and maybe time for Cheney to submit his resignation to which we would say, Oh, right. Then who's going to be president? I mean vice president. But don't count on it. The president's opinion in the past is repeatedly come to the defense of his vice president. The trial which he concluded in the month of testimony is also relevant in the US seeks to build a case that Iran is providing sophisticated munitions through she had insurgents in Iraq or using them against US troops. You know, there'd be a good way to put a stop to that. You know what it is? Bring all the troops home. Administrative and critic sets of suggestions to the administration traveling the ground. We're price-like. We've been attacking Iran using flawed intelligence. Just like Iraq. Same old crap, man. I want everybody here to know. It's not going to be no trouble for me. It's definitely on. Cheney's Iraq. There you go. Cheney. What is also an abortion? Yeah, abort. Reaching back for this fact must be very important. Oh, look at that. You'll throw that on the floor. I read enough of that. Reaching back for this fact must be very important. Oh, look at that. You'll throw that on the floor. I read enough of that. But you know, it's not because when I get done tearing up these stories after I read them. I just throw them on the floor and then during the break I put them in my garbage bank. Oh, it's big enough garbage bank. I mean, this has been a sound really ridiculous. It's kind of like an acedic-roy paper or plastic. But speaking of spastic, there's one thing. And I'm sure I'm not the only person. I mean, I'm a cuss. I'll be the first to admit that I'm real cuss. But I have a real difficult time with one thing in the kitchen. For years and years and you know what it is? So I can't imagine. No. Aluminum foil. What about it? Or some people would say tin foil. I'm talking about getting it out of the, when you open up the package. Yeah. And you pull off the, you know, you, there's a little tab there and you take the tab off. And you pull it out even. Right? I have this thing where always kind of like start unraveling and you know, so you're winding up pulling out like a shred tin foil. I know, you mean, you find the tin foil more difficult and say the Seren rap, which is more difficult than anything. Really? Well, in my life for the Seren rap. And the mind of its own, it all. Of course. I'm probably saying, well, what's the, the big deal with tin foil? Well, when you got like brought worst in there or we're, or whatever, ground beef, you got to wrap it up in tin foil, man. Not in Seren rap. Well, it's a nice Tupperware for your birthday next year. You know, we'll put brought worst in Tupperware. Sure you do. I don't know everything in Tupperware, then you burp it. I'll be sending me no, yeah, you burp it. I don't be sending me no Tupperware, please. Try to find somebody and Canada that'll send us to you. One of the big customers charges. What a crock that is. Yeah, it really is. Miami Police, John Tinonio, opens up to the New Yorker, Mavis Children's Drug Problems in a 7th page profile. So I have a Miami Blue right stone, Fleschman in the Harold. The Irish Board, 2015, once held a number two job at NYPD, First Deputy Commissioner. That's what his daughter Christine got in a drug, and became a dead head. Followed the grateful dead rock band around the country. It tells the magazine. She wound up a heroin addict. Christine, 28, clean for seven years, now lives in South Florida as a daughter who turns one on the same Patty's day of the 17. So on the show on 26, is doing 18 months in the West Penn and Los Burp Pencilvania, the DEA busted him in 05 and a 400 pound $455,000 pot sting. He was a driver by the way, not the dealer, Joan points out. Well good. Timony tells the magazine that initially we fuse to post bail. Let him just robin' there. I don't give a shmit, he said. But a few days later, he re-letting put up the family's Miami condo as collateral. Timony and his wife, Nourina, tended Sean sensing and drove him to prison. Locals and they probably went to get out of the car. They said, don't let the door hit you any ass in the way out. Something sensitive like that. Let's see. What is the rest of the day? I see. The piece by also Walter's Timony's widely regarded day is one of the most progressive and effective police use in the country. A reformer and iconoclised, Elsa Walsh's The Wife of Bob Woodward, former fame-washed and reported editor who talks about Senator Kennedy and Senator this one and Senator in his very pedantic in a knowing way, Bob Woodward. Was busy with his nose-up George Bush's ass by the way, when you were with that first book, remember that? Yep. And then all of a sudden, now we got religion. Now that I didn't pan out too well, there's Rob, but what's his name, Marcianel, on CNN? Similar concerns, loom this weekend. It's the daylight savings time book. I am glad he mentioned that. It's a damn good thing I got all excited when I saw Bob Marcianel because it is the daylight savings time has been moved up this year, which I bet you forgot all about that, didn't it? For God would imply that I knew with the first place. Well, there you go. It's this weekend, Senator Knight, you turn your clock so we got it. This weekend? Yes. Good golly. Well, that's what he just said. I'm going to Google it just to make sure about it was just discussing that with somebody yesterday in the phone, and we decided he asked it pretty sure this is weekend. I don't know what I'm going to do. This is the public service we do on this show for nothing. For free, baby, it doesn't cost you a dime. It doesn't cost you one rotten nasty scent, not even like an old buffalo head nickel. Indian head, whatever, what were those? Indian head penny and buffalo head nickel? Indian head nickels. What about Steve nickel? So I'll Google that make sure, but see, today's the day and good thing. You got to all along up when I saw my buddy Rob Marci. He's a bitch. That's the movie. I'm done. Do it, do it, do it. I'm done. I'm done. Okay, do it, do it. I just left free, have a game. You can't make me say, Though I have a problem. I'm crazy, you think I drink too much. I party online. I'm in like a hole. Oh, oh. No more than I hear. Lost my sense of reality. I'm crazy, crazy just let me have a game. I don't need their help. My name's not no end. I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have a problem. More than just being done. It's called instant artagia. Just let me have a game. I need more tattoo. Cause I love the pain. I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have a problem. More than just being done. And called instant artagia. Oh, yeah. Bad part of it is for you to see us with our nobody cares. Except for the TV lunatic. Nobody else knows. I think she's dead meat. I think she's all. Yeah. Rodding meat. Rodding flesh. Kind of like Anna McColl would have the abonter. 838 votes on the full. Let's see. Of course. Just about all these. I don't see much on the phone today. Which is probably pretty good. Cause I don't really care when we're dealing. But I don't see like an awful lot of activity on there. I don't see any as a matter of fact. Maybe the phone is dead. Oh. That would be. Oh, no. That actually works. What about that line one? Is that fixed? I don't know. That's why you start making Peter over here. Yeah. Seriously. If you wrote an article for inside radio or broadcasting magazine or any, any trade publication, even that stupid talkers magazine, if you're an article about this radio station. And for getting about any daily range rates of a just a technical part of it, they would say, all that Neil Mann. What a sense of humor he's got. He was always sent to a funny guy. Who would make up stuff like this? And of course nobody could make up stuff like this because it's all true. That's the amazing part. Just just a total indifference. You know, like, hey, and I would start again. Okay. And we won't. Like I said, as long as those checks through twice a month, that's all I give a flying big about. Okay. 838 votes since Neil always, Oh, thanks Eric. Eric Frigstepool. He had messed up on there. Current temperatures 12 above zero. And it's sunny. It's beautiful. See that this is a little more like it today. In case cast your elbow wants to write down some more of the It's a matter of weather information. But that's captivating radio, and yeah. Oh, it's minus 11. It's going to be minus 4. Sunning a beautiful day for wood buying a 12 above zero. Celsius. Now we're 12 above zero. Fahrenheit. Yeah, yeah, 12 above zero. Celsius will be like 52 degrees. It's crazy. Very good. 54 degrees actually. 10 is 50. 11 is 52. 12 would be 54. Am I right? Yes. Well, once you get from about minus 2 to about anything above, I'm okay with the plus numbers. What's he striking like minus 6 minus I don't know from those. And don't don't tell me how you figured out. I really don't either. 840 votes since Neil always offers us with advice. And I liked it when he had last started. If I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice, it would be. If I was going to offer Neil one piece. Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all 285. Boy, oh, boy. Talk about heavy duty, ask us, I'm just saying man, oh man, my words are backed enough now. 34 percent, I don't need advice. I know it all. I'll ungeemiest man. Just ask. Make the most, make the move the satellite 140. See, all most of these choices on here are just, where does good? It's just silly pull. Make the move the satellite 140. Okay, proof or on satellite. Don't ever require one to be six. Stay the hell off my space 114. Just ludicrous and unacceptable. Move back to Miami 43. Ludicrous even more unacceptable. Just not no chance. Retired now 37. No thanks. I hate this pull 33.9 percent. Go straight 28 definitely. No thanks. Ah ah. Stop gambling 19. No way. In fact, I'm so adamant about that, I'm just calling my cat guy right now. Tell him, hey, let's leave around 11. Maybe he's over next door, you know. And stay off the ice cream five. I'll 804. We have 254 friends by the way in our space. Patriot is pretty darn amazing for an old told like yours truly. 254 that's what I've been told. It's primarily a young people's venue, right? Am I correct? Yes you are. I mean, young compared to me, which is almost anybody. WQA in hello. QA in. QA in. I know. Yes sir. Are you doing good? No. Good. Great. This is a Donald Trump white poison, right? Correct. Okay. Did you do remember when he tried to copyright that phrase you fired in? He tried to copyright it. What at the same time? I was like, that's like copywriting the expression. Hi, how's it going, eh? I mean, what is that copywriting your fight? It sounds like some kind of a stupid pair of lilies in to me. Well, I understand. But you've played this. But at the same time, you also tried to copyright another saying like, I don't remember exactly, but it was like, ah, laughably ridiculous to pay. Did you hear about that? No. Yeah. I didn't hear about it, and I couldn't care less about it because Donald Trump makes me want a vomit. He's another one of those people, the media keeps popping up. I don't want to hear about him, pal. I have a great day. Not interested. See, he starts out by saying you hate him like poison don't you? And I say, yes, I do that. I don't hate him. I just can't stand him. I mean, I just do a difference. Hate is like, ah, hate is like a self-sortimate thing. No, I hate it. When you're in Toronto, you don't hate that many people. You like a little more melo, you know? Not hate. Ah, ah. That's that self-sortimate of thinking. I can't stand him. But I don't want to hear about him. There's a whole bunch of these media people at the paparazzi you're all whipped up about. Brittany is one of them, and Donald Trump is another one, and poor end of the cool in the box said, that is a door nail. Oh, there we go with that again. There's another one. I don't care about any of those people. I didn't care about her when she was alive. Why should I care about her now that she's dating, huh? Just goes back to what I told you during the early Anita days, and I kept saying it's screaming. I was screaming. And by the way, that kind of screaming too. And I told you, the media, these lunatics have decided they're going to tell the public what you should be concerned about. What's important? Forget about all the dead people in Iraq. Forget about all this scooter, let me try. Forget about all the corruption and the ripping off of your tank dollars. Forget about all the people who don't have medical insurance, and the people who are starving to that. Forget about all those poor slippers and norlings, all of these. And many, many other things. You're supposed to be all whipped up about Donald Trump and his bad hairpiece, and that fat bull like Rosie O'Donnell, and all those other stupid crap. If I never heard her name again, it would be much too soon. Rosie O'Donnell. Is she funny? Oh, is she look good? Is she fat in the disgusting and rotation? You're not much as militant bull like this. So who now needs that bitch? No, not me either. I'm just using this example. They're what the media does. And it used to be just on what the tabloids show entertainment tonight and inside addition and outside addition and on the United Asian all the other crap, you know. But now it's like everything in the mainstream media so called whatever the hell it is. That's all they talk about. There's no damn news on any more just a bunch of blitz and schmits. And schmits. And schmits. So what the news. Pop pieces is right. They're probably using cotton batten no doubt. Whoop. I do like that of that. You gotta be old man. Cotton batten. It's like mustard plaster. It's the same thing. You think anybody going to the age of 100 ever heard of a mustard plaster? Yeah, they watched little house on the prairie. Nobody out of the age of 100 watched little house on the prairie. How's he doing by the way? He's still dead, Michael Anzias. He was Jewish. Yes, he was. I'm trying to think I saw a thing. I saw his biography on a biography channel which I love that channel man. I just love the biography channel. And I'm trying to remember what they said. Whether what he was like a good guy or a see they almost never knocking anybody. Everybody like a wonderful person. Because they did. You know if you do an biography channel most of them are what he did. Oh, there it is. I don't even know if I really want such a million times. It was it bad actually. I don't know if you see watching apples way because Ben's been panting was in a good. What? Apple was in outer swing. I never watched that thing. No, you don't know if you're watching an African or a celebrity. Apple's way or a little house in outer swing. Not a little house on the prairie. You're fairie. No, Apple's way. With Ben's fan. I'm going to tell you Ben's fan panting was in most of the movie with the Linda Blurty. Or we saw him in the loud. Don't tell me. Right night. No. Of course. Thank you, Colin. Right. No. Night. Night. Stocker. Close. I'll give you a hint. We work there. Horisho. Hell. Hell. Hell, Hell, Hell, Hell. Hell, Hell, Hell. Hell, I was in fan panting and Linda Blurty. And they were, I think I think he was running around the center where most of them will be. I'm going to go out and give that today. If I wouldn't know if it would buy. I'll like to say. I'm buying you that. That's not one of the movies we can see her move in. Oh, what a shame. But she, uh, I don't think nobody don't like Linda Blurty. What do you mean don't waste my time? You're talking to another guy. Yeah, yeah. If you want to see Linda Blurty. But it all felt like me once has even spent panting around and making his underwear. Of course, he's probably an old man now. I'm probably don't look too much better than I do. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. This is the moment you created the most. You're on the way that any clouds. You lifted your shirt and show your chest. You knitted nothing for I am secret. And they might take you off the show. Oh, oh, oh. Soon you was came out that I was just saying. You opened your mouth, but it isn't just saying. You say those phoneers on that beat. Now you run your knee, down run your knee. Baby, make me feel me all the shadows. Because you took some new things. You show me some skin. Well, I've been into it that day again. You made a mistake. You get it straight away. You got it once and then I get the time. You took some new things. You gave it a go, mine. One next for sure. And I'm married, shy. I'm some new things. Oh, you took some new things. Eight hundred eighty votes on the poor man. By the end of the show, we're going to be well on our way to our thousand today. And everybody's going to say, wow, wow, what does that mean? I'll say, I know. A 78 year old jogger was recovering today. After it was hit by a car and pronounced dead by a pass of buy. Then believe by passing chef's deputy. I like that. And my son saw something like that. God. One of those after life stories. You ever read all that crap in all these people have these after life experience. And you're at the office. Carl's is Reigns. Right. It's called a host nation. It's called a stupidity. It's called BS. Howard County deputy Tina Lassitosa was on routine patrol Monday. When she came across the accident found the victim Eric Eaton covered by a black in the roadway authority said, Eaton had been visiting his son and day in the beach when he was sitting while crossing his street according to Sheriff's report. A witness to the accident who claimed to be a medical professional. Claim to be a medical professional. See that was the problem in the first place. Medical professional. Uh-huh. In Florida. And placed a blanket of reading and told that he was dead. They did. In fact, probably said that is a doorknile. Last year, Tosa called an ambulance and checked eating and had head injuries was bleeding profusely. But the deputy found a faint pulse. She started CPR. He began to breathe. Like that. He was taken to hospital in critical condition. Eaton's road of the story 30 is he was improving and described his condition as guarded but optimistic. He'd be okay. Uh-huh. The Sheriff's Office in next investigation was ongoing and no charges have been filed. And so the ambulance came along, you know, and she, because the other guy, the medical professional said, oh, put the blanket on. He's dead, you know. And probably if they would just look to me or to road with the blanket on him, he would have bled and then he would have been dead. Not good. So I think the moral of that story is to be aware of any so-called self-described medical professional, especially in Florida. Where the term good doctor is an oxy moron. A.D.D. 3 and I'd pull staff the ice cream 10 and stop gambling. How about a final way to wood by. I stopped giving me a pint of, uh, I wouldn't be able to stop in Nucada, I guess, you know. Oh, the convenience stores. They have those little, uh, Michael Ways where you can get. Yeah, they do. You can get rid of those funky sandwiches. I read those. You put them in and you, and you're new, and they like all the stuff melt right. It's oozing. They might look at you. They might be a little, but you're probably used to that. In my Chinese convenience store, they would be real heavy, they would love me in their man. They love me. I'm telling you, I think I'm their best customer to be honest with you. Yeah. I'm lazy. You know, as you know, I'm fat and lazy a lot, a lot of the status that was. And so I'm one of those people, when there's a convenience store, a few yards away from our lives from my door. And then, I mean, I got two great supermarkets, both within easy walking distance. You know, like a block and a half either way. Well, which one am I going to do? Am I going to go a block and a half either way? Yeah, we also, for markets or I get a cross-to-screen and just go to the Chinese market and pick up a few goodies here in there, you know? Or baddies? I'll lower him and do that lately. You ought to be really proud, aren't you proud? Yes, I am. We're good. I'll let you know if I get back into the 170s again. I'll let you know. Still, I'm the verge, but not too good. Not bad, but not too good. Everybody in any crack though. And we'll get into that store about the diets now. Excellent. Nice job, Neil. Great segue. It was all accidental. Because I had this in my hands in the story too. Guess which diet? One this contest that they had. Atkin. Good guess. I saw the story here. Yeah, I asked you this morning, did you see? You said no. I must have been listening to something else. What a freaking liar. Not only is he adamant in the heart ass, but he also lies a lot. You told me, that's why I said we're going to argue about this because you're always not going to be reckons. I'm just a heard you run. I'm not knocking the icons. Here's what I say is I'm not a fat lord. So I don't want to have to be an expert on the icons diet, even though I don't know. You're not a fat lord or somebody you know about diet. It's just like you're not gay. So what you know about gay sex? I would have a fat cat or a trait. Well, you know nothing about gay sex though. No, I know what many people. That's great. Just like everyone think about straight sex. And I don't want to know. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. I don't care. I know that I want to hear words. I know what words mean. The low carb high fat icons diet gets high marks. Oh, it wouldn't have been great if Dr. Bob could come back for just a couple of months to hear me read this story. This is certainly best. He was not a nice person. No, I want to see what's nice person. He just didn't have a very nice personality. There can be people who are nice people, but they've really a crappy person out there. They're like maybe strange. You know, like me. You know, he was a genius. And he had a big ego to go along with it. Yeah, and a lot of money. Yeah. And then of course he was a clutches like me. He's looking from the side fucking my eye. Okay, that was it. This is very important to a lot of our friends. And of course you are audience man. Most of them are tubby. They're tubby and chubby and flabby. The low carb high fat icons, that gets high marks. And one of the biggest longest headways studies of popular weight loss plans. Beating the zone, the orange dye and even US guidelines. Even so critic said that results are hard and this to lose weight and keep it off. Which of course has got nothing into the study. That's just another way for the new avoid saying, oh, you know, Dr. Bob was right man. Those carbs are killer carbs. That's what's going to put you in early box. Overweight women on the Eccons plan lost more weight over a year than those on the low carb zone diet. And they had slightly better blood pressure. They had slightly better blood pressure and cholesterol. We used to know that on the zone, the very low fat high carb orange dye and low fat high carb diets. Some of you ask our men guidelines. We should be in the study of the University of Researcher, Christopher Gardner, the lead author, said the study shows that that can maybe more helpful and critics contend. How many years have I been telling you that, huh? I've been on here telling you. And if I would have just stuck with an quitting all-night damn ice cream and cakes and candies and cookies and pasta and mongray. I'd be 150 pounds right now, man. I looked just like a Ryan Philippe. I sure was right. Did look just like Ryan Philippe. I'll say that. I wouldn't be here right now. I would be wasting my time with this. I'd be busy. It says, but the study isn't a fair comparison because by the end, few women were following any of the diets for a strictly critical disarray. Although those in the Atkins group came to closest, the study had good concept and incredibly pathetic executions had zoned that creator very serious. I wonder if he's kind of my good buddy Brian series, the world's greatest artist driver. And it's a lot easier to follow with that. It tells you we'd be making and breathe than we'd predominantly fruits and vegetables to Dr. Dean Orange, who's a quiet by the way, creative the Orange diet. Atkins followers lost about 10,000 average of 12 months versus 3.5 pounds for his own dieters. In other words, three times as much. Women in the Orange diet lost almost five pounds on average and knows on the National Guideline Plan lost almost six pounds. Scientifically, those 12 months results were different from the Atkins weight loss to rule out the possibility that differences occurred by chances. They're always looking for an out furnished queues to criticize not not not not to eat times like Tony Orlando would say. Like the knock on his head with a baseball bat. There's another guy. The diet is lost the most weight early on including average of 13 pounds for the Atkins group at six months. Nearly double rate closest competitor the National Guidelines diet after that most began regaining weight at 10 most noticeable in the Atkins women. But that's one thing about Atkins when you go off with all, all look out. Yeah. Oh not Tony Orlando. Oh. And do one. And done. And Jesus. Get rid of that. Down. With an average starting weight of a hundred and nine pounds, you can lose in 13 pounds. Many women were made overweight. There's not a ton of weight loss here at Gardner now. Atkins isn't the solution for the obesity problem. You said, well, it depends on how well it's strictly doing, how long you stay on it. The study involved 300, 11 women about 40 years old on average was designed to measure the effectiveness of the using a diet book to lose weight. Then say I think about the soft beach diet on here, which to me is just a scan for all this guy's favorite restaurants on the beach. I've got the book in the other room. I can go get it again during the break and read about all the great places he's recommending, which 99% of the people who he's who are reading his book are never ready. Those places because a they either can't afford them or b they don't live in South Florida or c they're hum and beard. That wasn't very articulant by that was very bad grammar, but nevertheless. Women were randomly assigned to read one of four diet books. They attended weekly classes for eight weeks for a diet questions for a dress. See how if I'm going to give you a year to 6% of my school give you the proper grammar. We'll say that for grammar. But then we're mostly on the wrong for the next 10 months. At the end, Atkins women had slightly higher levels of HDF cholesterol but good kind and slightly lower blood pressure than those on the other three diets. How do you like that? You're all through a set of still on the results for the plan of men or older women since number study. Oh no, of course not. Let's find every excuse in the world. To say, oh no, it couldn't be good at Atkins. Even though I don't want to be at the next part of the hack inside. But I'm always ahead and be one. Put on the at all I am because people put me in the position to defend it because they hear you talking about it in the call on Atkins. That doesn't work and then I have to, you know, remember that we tell you let me tell you the people are who tell you the hackins that wasn't worth working. Those are the people who pretend that they're on it and they're eating ice cream and crap like I do. Okay, you can't be on the atkins diet and being filling up with all kinds of refined carbohydrates. You're only fooling yourself not the scale and you're sure not fooling mother nature, baby. Let me tell you that right now you fat pigs you. I'm talking about the people that say, oh, it's high fat and it's bad for you and you're going to have all this cholesterol. They obviously have a lot of research and have it read any of the books or seen any of the results of this. For most people on the atkins your cholesterol goes down your at each the other good cholesterol goes up and your track this rise come way down way down baby way down the under in New Orleans with Freddy or cannon. I bet you got that. I love that song. Yes, I did. And by the way, when you were talking about it before you noticed a lot of these vegetarians were the people behind all the criticism and all that. Or you mean the people that crowd people like that. I'm talking about the big light. They're giving me the ball. I'm going to show you the bark off of trees and who thinks that that's what we're supposed to eat. I'm going to tell you life is too short if you can't at least enjoy some good food. Mind your mind. Now we're going to have a hot and rough. Ready can't go. Let me call the food. Let me call the days of the day. Let me call the days of the day. Let me call the day. Let me call the day. Let me call the day. That was pretty good. We still land the blood. We need to see. I just got a ball. We need to see. We're going to eat. Let's go. Eat. That can stake in lobster and all the eggs. I'm going to let's go. I love my omits. In every 97 votes on the full. We're going to be way over 9. We might be approaching 1000 by the top of the hour. Our butcher Chris is just all whipped up to a frenzy about that. He's also not too happy that we don't get screwed by the by duck. He's so scared. You're fired about that. You're fired about that. I wonder he's sore. Oh boy. He's so white. He's so white. Who's he came to think that's making the Hitler a collision. I'll rate. Yeah. Then right. Who is the man? There was two takers. You said of our word. Can you believe? Who's that cat with the business? That makes all the people cheer. Right home. They say the rats got a white mother set. It's a truth about the right. And we can make it. He's an inexperienced man. But he thinks he can't be the leader of this land. 118 at 5.60. We got 911 baby. Oh 911 votes on the court right now. We got the 42 minutes before noon. That means we're going to be edging 1000. Maybe even passing 1000 by noon. Then they will fear us. You know what I'm saying? As they said in the odd file, then they will fear you. This is a promise to us out of the three territories in the Bronx after we died. You took over. You didn't give it to me. I love you. Yeah. Come in. I'm going to make a whole show out of that. Godfather drops. What do you think? I think it's great. Huh? Get a 90. Here he's. Mom. Mom. What are you going to do? Nice college boy. They want to get mixed up in the family business. They want to go down a police cap and watch the school. I've got to get a face a little bit. And then they just see. The army where you shoot them on my way, you're going to get a post like this. But I've been your brother, brains all over your nice side of the league suit. Come in. Not. You're taking a sparing part. Come in. Come in. I'm going to get you to the side of the pitch. It's more than 911. Well good. He was also fat. That's why I kept eating too many. Oh, I can't always because you kept feeding his fan. Have it. Leave it gone. 567. Let's get this post. Well, if they menu, people are brain dead. It's just pathetic. I think the one suggestion I'm here make the move decide. You know, can you imagine what we could be doing? Oh, then they will get it. They're going to happen because I don't have a real agent. I don't have a chance in a child and in a sense and hell. But if that would happen. We, at least, folks, we have like 100 lines. And they'll be, I bet you they'll be working too. There would be like a real engineer involved in everyone of the lines. We had will be actual functioning as opposed to sitting here day after day. Oh, is lying? Whatever going to get fixed is never going to work again. And they go like, no chance. You kidding me? What's wrong with you? Will you stop complaining already? I'll say, okay, just send me the money. No problem. They do. I'm happy. W2AM. Hello. 2AM. Me, oh God. Yes, sir, speaking. I am a longtime fan and a very good person. And I'm here to tell you that I only listen to your show on terrestrial radio. And now. And I'm excellent. And I'm telling you as a friend. Because I have paid you for the past 15 years. Wow. And I listen to your old show that I listen to your new show, and you've still got it. I got it. But if you, if you could get on something like that, but it would be unbelievable. It's not going to happen. What? Look. It's not going to happen. Why are you talking to me like I'm a son kind of a child? Sometimes I like a child. You've been complaining for years that you have a crappy manager. You've put you up and get a new manager. And let's get this on the road. Your show can be so much better on satellite. Period. Well, let me see too again. It isn't going to happen. Read my lips. Okay. Which one of those words didn't you understand? Which one? I'll repeat it for several times in many languages if you like. It isn't going to happen. Just like you were both three times and years ago. And just like this. I am not not seeing what time it is. The term it is a choice. Okay. In other words, I'll retire when I'm going to wait to retire. When I have a video. I mean, I could retire right now. I'm not going to miss any meals. Believe me. You've got tons of money. So go back to the art of the way your show should be. And even further than that. Well, what does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? The art of the way your show should be. What does that mean? Like our link letter. What are you talking about? Let's face it. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, and the show is 80% of what it used to be. Come on. I mean, you still got the town. You can't even play parts sounds. Let me tell you something. Okay. I don't really care if we ever played another part song. I don't care whether it's 80% 70%. 90% to 1.5%. 95%. 30%. Right. Turn it man. As long as the paycheck is like way more than it used to be. That's all I care about. That's the only thing that puts an anis on my table. Okay. Now, how about that paycheck with an even better show on on satellite theory? It's not going to let me say it again. Sir, for the eight minutes time. Good bye. So what are we moving? I'm over his ass right off of him. I know it's right. I'm over him. Jesus, God, how'd you like to be married with him? Are you poor? Are 10 women out there? All the guys. Oh, I'm mulling. Bop, bop. I mean, this is what you know with people who just don't listen. They won't listen to me. Okay. Listen to me. Listen to me. And they won't listen. She haven't talked it on here for 31 years in town. But there are people who've got a tune in. And my voice is coming through their speaker. Automatically, they can hear me. There's a difference between hearing me and listening. You see what I'm saying? Listen to me. Right. Exactly. Just like Howard Beale would say. Listen to me. And they're listening. They're hearing. But they're not listening. What? Exactly. QAM. See it here. Well, there's a good example of it. QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Any help? Yes sir. Hey, did you catch gum on television last night after the other week? I think it sounds good to live the guilty. One of the jurors was saying that scooted living was just a patty and that call roach would be there, maybe, cheating. Yeah. Actually, that's some cahoni for say that the juror also, that was pretty funny. A lot of people took it. When you said to the guy, you street me like a child. Anyway, you're on that material in your big savage. Okay. I thought it was going to say a silly savage, but he didn't get that far. Oh my god. Sometimes I feel like a little child, especially like that previous call. Sometimes I feel myself. Oh, God. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. One of my favorites in that of your godfather drops. It's a tremendous space, is he saying, the result of rather than taking a house to Jews. That's not tremendous. I mean, not taking a house to Jews. Thank you, you're potentially man. You're so, you said to be in man, it's that. When you're taking a house to Jews, but hey, me not being the hotkey man. I have a question for you regarding Ted Nolan. Yeah. HBO did a real fort thing the other night. I'm him. I'm not your son. No, I didn't. I know why I want CHPO. And I said he would be watching about Ted Nolan. I don't know anything about this. But there were a lot of rumors of far as why he was black called from the league for night. Right. But do you know what, what it was? It is. One manizing his drinking. Because they were supposedly supposedly at a very hostile relationship with management as a result. He alienated everybody who was in position to hire him. Supposedly. I don't know. Maybe it's because he had that engine thing. Well, that's what he was saying. He says, all because of my native American heritage. That's it. Most of you guys are. That's right. But I had heard other things too. Not in these specifics about him. Like, you know, banging people all over town and like booze in it up. Well, that's wrong with banging people over town. Let's wrong with that. And why would that get your black called exactly? It's your bonus. That's no. A great day, Palio. Okay. Well, there's a little hockey talk for more than enough. 925 votes on the full. Like I said, we're going to be creeping toward that thousand mark by the top of the arm. I would say this pool on skill of zero. And it's okay. It's fine. Yeah, it's fine. You know, one of these people out there all we and I appreciate everybody who sends it a pool. I've got a nice nifty pile of them here. By the way, I've also got Tammy's facts from yesterday. I might just want to read again. What a big esteem. Have my junior honey. Hey, did you see that story about the duck with four legs? Yeah. That was freaky. What do they call that? Back to back. I know. It's caused by some sort of, what's it called? Back to back. It's not genetic. It's, it's, it's, it's, Back to back. Environmental. Back to back. No. It's an evolutionary mutation. Wait. No. Back to back. I don't know what they call it. The hay. Do you think it'll make the duck taste better? Ah, greasy. Oh, brother. I couldn't stand. If you paid me a $0.00, I wouldn't have duck. No, pass. Like a lot of Chinese restaurant. All kinds of duck, you know. Who had duck and it's a dark, crazy meat. Yeah, darking there. First of all, I like the white meat. Like in the chicken or a turkey or whatever. White meat. No, dark meat. Totally. Not a hundred, 35 oats on a pool. 1130, which means that a half an hour going to be right up close. Ash right to a thousand. And I bet you Joe Bell is going to be running up and down the hallway. Oh, Neil's going to pass down. Love those pools. Oh, yeah. And if I Joe say a big deal on the pool, remember. I told you I got that email from him one day about a pool. Shocking quite frankly. You think he did more important things to be taken care of. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And pound five, 60 in a Verizon, 60 in a wireless line. I'd like to see a real Fourier calls today. You know, it's middle of the weekend. Of course, we got four full hours today. I get kind of spoiled. And we get those short shows like yesterday. And then again, I'm going to get out of here 130. Because we got the UM Merlin backsuball game from the ACC 30 in Tampa tomorrow. The game doesn't start till 2, but we got a thankfully a pregame hurricane warm up at 130 because parents likes to be on the air a lot. And you figure you can probably do a lot to release. Who have my ratings ratings are Friday by the way. The trend, the trend, which is November December January. Fram, we'll get a trend. WQAN, hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. WQAN. WQAN, hello. Hello. Hello. QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Any idea? I don't want to talk to you about the trial yesterday. You know, I applaud Patrick Cischerle for getting the four out of five conditions. But for him to stand up there from the microphone and say that no one will is about the law is laughable and bad. If that was true, then our children got training and the rest of the pushments of being in prison by now for crying against humanity and democracy. What do you think about that, huh? What do you want to say about that? Oh, huh. 560, I think it was very profound on your parts, sir. WQAN, hello. QAM. Hi. Is the old elbow? He's speaking right now. Oh, Neil, that's great. I'm sorry. This is my him to member be of you calling. And I'm hoping... I misgared my behavior. What does that mean, sir? He never gave me that hand. I am the senior collector of my him to member be of you in America. I'm the one who always wants to call in. When you have a question about restaurants or history here. I'm saying, I'm willing to want to always want to call him. Do you call in and use my client? No, no, I call him. But the bones are always so tied up. So I'm delighted I got through. Because you're saying he today. So that's great. Because this week, three of my books have been published in one week. My amy the magic city. The infony. I'm in a tragic city. That sounds right on. I'm a good one. Well, that's actually the name of it. My amy the magic city. From San Bartis to Fistication, the story of Sunny Al Beach. And his historic photograph. No, I have a history. And what's the other one? His dark photographs of greater Miami. His dark photographs of Miami. That's our all three in the same week. First time in the history of Florida that one author is said to me about me. Let me ask you the question though. See, I thought you were calling in and tell me about something you're calling to plug your books. No, no. I'm just calling. Of course you know that there's some happy news. You know, happy news for what was in me. Some happy news. So why is it happy? I was really. Hopefully happy news for anybody interested in the history of Miami. Because happy news? Yes. Well, let's listen. Seriously. Why can't you do this to me? Well, let's you put all that stuff out there. What do I keep to this in mid? Well, see there. You go. Why can't you just make you call this so you can plug your books? There's nothing wrong with that. Well, thank you. You know, you know, you know, you know, I mean, you didn't say it. You didn't say it. I want you to say it. I say it. And I want to share it with you and the listeners more than anything more. And I want to share with anybody. You don't want to share. You want to make a few books because you know, through books. I don't blame you for what you're with that. So why are you embarrassed in a shame that you want to make books off? I want to. I want to. But remember, these are not novels. The royalties are so minimal on these sounds pretty have a to me. Not. You're terrific as always. Hey, son. Well, good old. You'll be. You'll be. I'll be. I'll be. Oh, especially the thing about sunny hours beach. Woo. Man. I'm going to find me a bench and feed the pigeons and read that book about sunny hours beach. Well, what a beach that'll be, huh? That can't wait. I'm sure I'm sure that everybody is on the way. I'm going to be racing right now. They're on a way to Walden books and borders and was yet to learn barns and no barns and no barns and no bull and not so noble and chip noble and third. And all these other drivers. 9. 4. 41 votes on that pool. Everybody's getting good advice for me. So the pool says, I don't know what that. Well, for years, I haven't given you the advice for that. Listen to me. They used to. Now, on the station. No. Since Neil always offers us good advice. If I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice. One piece. It would be. Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all. It's written with 13. That's right. That guy that called before. Seriously. It's almost like my mother came back with a different voice. You know, from the grave. If you were just going to serious, if you're going to new manager, I don't have any problem. I already were standing for another 10 years right now. Okay. I'm very happy to come in here. My box is sure it's read out a bit every day. Brush my teeth. Shave. Take a nice shower. Sit down. And just to do my thing here. I'm very few complaints of any. In fact, if I had a good day, would buy today. I'd be ecstatic. I'd be dancing like a jig in the hall. Make the move this morning. You should say, if you six, you heard dancing. I said, make the move this Saturday, 156. Yeah. Don't know. See, you know what the funny part of this is? What? All of these people are saying this is our voting on here. They're listening to me right now. What's the problem? Can you hear me? I mean, what? I don't get it. So did I hear 150? Stay the hell off of my space 123. Likely story. Move back to my me. 50 even far unlikely story. Which hair now, 41. Go straight 35 impossible story. I hate this full 34, 3 and a half percent. That's not bad. I'll stop gambling 21. Right after we would buy today. Until the next time I go until Saturday. And stay out the ice cream 20 out of 946. I bet you're right. We're first. We got a line 9, 49. See right on the verge. If you're like getting close baby, getting close to a thousand, then they will fear us like crazy. I don't know if you know what I mean. What do you mean? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I see. I have the stare amongst. If you're drinking, what's he doing? Can't say anything. Can't say anything. I've got it. If you're a better judgment, I'll tell you how I got my pen. 12, I'm eager. I'm going to put there and open a collier on hand. I'm just not afraid that we can just put that in the closet if I'm not. I'm going to eat it in the end of my entire car. I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. No mind your Miami baby. That's what you said. Hmm. And then you'll lose a lot of weight. That's the very new diet. It's the frunky pentangeli diet. No mind your life. The. Tell me your QAMLO. That's hell. Yes sir. I don't say. I'm not a sensation. You're phone. I'll break it. Oh man. My phone. Yeah. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Okay. Good luck. You see. Go on get a real phone. Our cheapest hell man. You'd be amazing. Give them away. You'll find some kind of a contract. They got a scam for you. They'll give you 10 phones. And they'll show what you show you where to stick him to. That's what he was calling from. 2 a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Hey guys. They're going to want to hear you. They're going to want to hear you. Yeah. He's. He's in the lottery. Can't even play the cards under. I'm not. He's going to. Yeah. That's a good day. That's probably. Yeah. He's going back to the freaking genius. Yeah, but he died 100 years ago for a friend. A lot of these people that they know from where he coven. I know. But he had me. Did you get your 10 years out of the time? Yeah. We're already coven. And, you know, he's about now. Where everybody else is. He was great. Yeah. Anyway, I know nothing else to say. I want to tell you. Okay. You too, sir. So what do you mean he said that guy? Thank you. I am. How old are you? I'm going to turn you to late. Anything I'm going to do. Okay, sir. I'm glad you said we're going to pull. But now I called. You know the little things that the clips that move the kids, walking the little their little kids out with the weed. And everyone is dripping off. What is this? There's some guys that are letting their little two-year-old kids smoke and weed. The news keeps playing it over and over. Have you seen it at all? No. Oh, well, they got these kind of lights and the news keeps showing it over and over. I want to know when they're going to start going off on these javos that teach their little kids the shoe gun. They, I think that's the worst crime they've ever seen. Well, we have to be smoking. Well, what amount of your smoke and oil you're in and shooting at at the same time? How's that? Yeah, I don't like it. Just fine. Hey, only if my view is just keep going what you're doing. And go see the party. I tell that guy if you want to know history of Miami, right? Cocaine Cowboys. I've done a nearly 500 come with turkey bacon because I'm not. See a pal in, see a good. Wow. Gobble, gobble. 9.57 and a pull-up, it's your favorite fresher. It's going to be 9.6. I knew it. I knew it. What's the 9.6? The end of the day, ain't nothing. Play till noon, a queue up. We got kind of a pristine schedule. And until we got 650, the Marlins and LA, LA dodges are all at angels or early somebody in Jupiter, man. It's going to be a real audience. You know, big stage. The passengers aboard Pacific Air 1-21 are facing something people. Uh, catch pastures. I'm afraid there's still no sign. It'll be pulling away from the gate. Any steps? And it's far worse than venomous snakes. Also both of the NAFLABRADORIES are out of service. And we're out of snacks and beverages. Wait, on the plane. So is Senu El Jackson. Do not open your mouth. Are they at it with this mother? Can I wait on this mother? Play! Wait, on the plane. Now I'm sitting on a toy Mac. Oh yeah, that's always my favorite. You know, just like when I flew back here and I looked my coat down there, my winter coat and Florida. I've a week'suel, whatever, and I'll once. And we get here 15 minutes early, okay? And you're thinking, all right, this is good. But then you sit there and you're waiting. All the supply that our gate, which is going to technical problems and they can't They're back and out of there. And you sit there and you wait. How about all those people? Was it seven or eight hours that said on that plane? Like 10 or more I heard. Was it? Yeah. I mean, I can't believe that people were riding. No no, no tea rooms. No snacks. No no nothing. Because they want to feed those people because then they're been real on this. 964 on the pool. But hey, you know, like you got a choice. They have a captive audience. Steve Young writes, and the smirking champ, yes, I am crazy, Mr. Riley, crazy like you're network. He says, here's today's talking for. Yesterday, a calm I'd written for the having imposed about the water reads scandal. Was reprinted in the Philadelphia and square op-ed pages. In the dive put it out that, among others, Bill O'Reilly had not held a Republican Congress accountable for a better administration cutback, so it would have passed six years. And definitely critiquing what I'd written, Bill told us radio audience, that I was a crazy guy. I'd worked for years trying to keep that quiet, so to say I was traumatized, but you know how crazy people can get. Then Bill said that everyone says I'm crazy. To find out that not only was my secret, I put now that everyone knows it made me all the more crazy. I don't think I know more than 10% of everyone, yet learning that everyone knows me just shows how good my public relations guy is. I would have hoped that they would know me more from my TV riding than just being crazy, but then Bill told us audience that I wasn't a TV rider. Well, thank you very much, Bill. Now I'm guessing that Robert Woodfondational want back the Prisma award they gave me for the prime time TV show. I thought I wrote about alcoholism in kids. Well, Steve. Hey. Hey. Hey. About alcoholism in kids. All they can manage us and work committee, surely would reveal my nomination. For riding a TV show that affirms the human person, probes the meaning of life and enlightens the use of human freedom. Worst the riders' guilt will probably stop sending those residual checks that some other Steve young should be getting. I do wonder though why Bill's crack research team didn't check IMDB.com. Perhaps Bill that dealt the everyone's system crazy card is hyperbably. Kind of like when I wrote about Bill's pension to blame everything on the Washington Post New York Times, the ACA, UN Frank Wich, and if they would feel the wrath of an outrage Bill Rally for some income hair connection to the scandal. That was when Bill Rally Bill Fox bills Fox Psychics said the entire article was crazy. That one really hurt because it's not like his side kicks agree with almost everything he says. But Bill then his head is audience with a biggie. Not only was I not a television rider I was just a blogger. I don't want to cast any more disperses on the blogger profession. God knows this person is about the only compensation most bloggers received. But just a blogger although I have more agents than anyone else in the unemployment line. I'm as much just a blogger as Bill is in fact if I were if we were honest. And since we are both in the media, how can he to bill Rally be otherwise? We're spectacularly alike. We are both publishers, public authors of kids and adults books, my book great figures of the extremist successful became required reading in the literature of success program at the Warren School of Business. Bill's book became required reading at the Heritage Foundation. Okay, here it is, or comment is half-perbly, but just in case one of the folks is reading. We both have radio shows, one of them was honest and full of good stuff, the other is still on the air. We both have harassed younger women with sexually explicit phone calls, Bill said a lot of court my wife didn't sue me. I will not on a gum show, Bill created his own. I write a ridiculous column that appears every Sunday in the LA Daily News Append page, so does Bill. Fact is ever written for TV Bill writes facts for Zont TV Show, not every all that appears every Sunday in the LA Daily News Append page, so does Bill. Fact is ever written for TV Bill writes facts for Zont TV Show, not every fact mind you is fact, but then again I have a written every TV Show. And the similarity which will paint Bill to no end to read, we both have appeared on the fact or more than once, crazy guy takes one to no one and that's a mental. So Steve Giam, someone bit to Peo there at Bill, a little bit, and so Keith Oldman calls him Bill. Though worst person in the world, I wonder how many times he's run at a ward on that. About third man. Keith Oldman, count down show. Ninestety on a pool here. You've got to be on serious Neil, you've got to be on serious and exam and you've got to get a new age and a, yeah. I'm not so sure that last part is absolutely wrong, but nevertheless. You know that Norma, he's got the issues. You're fairie. Since Neil always offers us good advice, if I was going off for Neil one piece advice it would be, Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all for him in 21, exactly a third of the sort of mistakes that I know at all. Is that, I mean, wow, the ultimate. You know, on this speaking of that there's a Marceeel right there on CNN. Make the move to satellite 157. Do it, just do it, man! That's like I was like, you know, he couldn't even keep a straight face. He was laughing at his own material, you know? That's how ridiculous he was. He was good. Don't ever retire, 156. Stay the hell off my space, 127. Move back to my meat, 50. Retire now, 43. Go straight 37. I hate this pool, 34, 3.5%. Stay off the ice cream, 24 and stop gambling, 21. But I'm going off to woodbind into a clock sharp. Man, I'll be off that door. 30 seconds past two. You know the routine on Wednesday said, dude. I get to shirt on and the pantaloonies. And by one hour. It's not even noon yet. Are you crazy or what? Yeah. Like that guy. And then put the shoes on to the ball on 30. And then I get, the last break is going to go out there and get my winter coat. And I'm sure I got my woodbind wallet. It's got all the cash in it, you know, and all the tickets from the previous to the times. The winning ticket said is. And my pills. So I got one. I got it down to a science man. But you ought to see how organized I am on woodbind Wednesday. And woodbind Saturday. And I go out there and plunge my guts out and have just a whale of a time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But I said to this phone to do all that we've had some excellent calls that I would say. Especially that one. You're going to be tough to top him. Give me a stop. I knew a agent. He's been taping me for 15 years. So what's the problem? And he says the show is 80 percent of what it was before. I'll take 80 percent. You know, considering we got a choice and we got this whole, the FCC and all the other crap. And all the censors, self-appointed and otherwise. I think 80 percent, 80 percent, 2 bet. And when you got 400 percent on the pay text, that sounds like a pretty good trigger off to me. In fact, I'll tell you what. If they want to double my salary, I'll come in tomorrow. And I won't even say, I'm here. How's that? And if they want to triple it, I won't say anything. How's that sound? That sounds great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. And boy, I'm not touching it at line 9. Why can't we fix line 1 and get rid of that line 9? What can we get rid of it? The assuming one is flashing right now. And you know what it's going to be. Is there any doubt in your mind? Sure, I am. And is there any doubt in your mind? I'm looking at, huh? No. I'm looking at that phone bank and I'm looking at it and feels like we've, I think maybe that guy was right. So I'm going to just delve back into my party. I don't think we want to talk to that. I'm actually going to be a roller. We'd be like a two-in-one-a-roll. They always load you into a false sense of security. Meaning what? You know, when you get on a roll there and you get a few calls, crazy as they might be. Come at me, QA and hello. Hello? Yes. I'm looking for Neil. Speaking. Can't Neil want to know about you? How you doing, pal? I'm doing pretty good. I got a question for it. I actually question statement. I'm flipping over to station. Don't mean to sound like I'm not loyal, but I'm flipping over to station to another one of these talk show guys. It's like the bullies on the playground. Everyone noticed what these guys are? No, I don't know. I know it's here. Oh, I know you know. And you shouldn't. It's like, I'm looking for a boy or I got a horse and then see what kind of freaking idiots they are. So I'm talking about, you know, an oscillate being taken off the day before. Well, screw that. I mean, you need to die anyways. Between me and the oscillate, they got to die. I mean, every of you first, they don't believe in global warming. They don't believe in, they don't believe in, they don't believe in. They don't believe in the cost of the wire. You're listening to them. I know why I got this. I don't mind. Listen to them. I know they're spewing cock. I don't need to listen to it. You know, it's like it's like rotten fish. I don't even eat. It's an oscillate. True. That's pretty true. But it's like almost like that. Go by that accident. You've got to just kind of look. See what this. I've got to listen to that freaking rush. Everyone's going to see what I'm freaking idiot. Okay. Well, let me know in a couple of ways to be so freaking idiot. Okay. See that's just, I mean, Oh, it just leaves me limp when I hear that. Yeah, I got to listen to this to see if he's still a freaking idiot. No, somebody touched him with a magic wand and he stopped popping a pill. They stopped, whatever he's doing. And all of a sudden he's a genius now. He's stopping the hit for right wing bastards. What he did not. If it's just, it leaves me limp. Yeah. In my advanced stage. Of course almost anything does that. But it is, you know, I maybe other pool. Well, we're getting really close to a thousand men. I'm getting up here and dance. I'm going to dance all around the room just like in the godfine. I'm going to dance with Heaven Roth. WDQ AM. Hello. WDQ AM. Hello. You don't have one, him too, by the way. Yes, it was. That's good. WDQ AM. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. You're high. My name is Sher, I'd like to talk to Uncle Neil. Okay, this is not for the, but we don't do names. So this isn't civil event. Oh, no. I don't know, that's right. You don't do names. Right. I can not talk to Sid. This isn't Sid from Cross-Story Rosencranstein, why are you shorting it? No, man. No, no, no, no. This is Sid me from Western and... Well, let's go to Sidney and Western. I don't Sidney. Okay, how are you? I'm doing good. I just want to say that I love this thing to your show. I don't get out of this time of day, you're on and you speak the truth. You lay it out like it is and you do it with a great sense of humor. But in that humor is the tragedy that comedy comes from because I really believe your person occurs about our society. Yeah, am I going to change it? No. But you give people something to think about. You're going to change it, am I going to change the world? No. But yeah, you give people things to think about. You're going to change it, and they think about it for a second. Then they wonder, well, what time's American? I don't go to beyond the night. Who's this still on there? And when the house play a condo, does he still like it? But anyway. Thanks very much, pal. God bless you, man. God bless you too. Like, Tiny Tim Sid. Who else is Sid? God bless the solid one of the Holy Sid. Isn't that what? Who said that? What's Tiny Tim? What's Tiny Tim said that the interpretation is Carol. Carol, Alice is Sid. And these are Scrooge. Oh, man. I've been Scrooge, did it. That's what Moe keeps saying. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Maybe that explains a lot. WCQA, I'm hello. Good morning, Neil. Good morning, sir. How you doing? Good. Good. The fire control me with Frankie when he testifies before the Senate's subcommittee. Yeah. And they say, I didn't know no Godfather. Yeah. Michael, Michael, Nick, did this. And Michael, Coral, he only did that. I said, yes, sure. Why is he feeding back to me for the same thing? I've said 45 million times on the show. Why is he? Do you think it's because they have no material? The interest of equal time. The following is the official gay response to Tim, hardaway. I hate basketball players. I don't like to be around basketball players. I'm hoop of fowbeck. They're tall. They're muscular. They have senior league cast muscles. They're sweaty from going up and down and up and down. The hardwood all night long without getting tired. I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the themeage to how it all together. Playing hands of man. Just thinking about it. I'm thinking about it right now. And... Wow. Never mind. I'll tell you one thing. If I wanted to change the human race, I know that's not what it would be. The perfect place to do it. Not. Let me go. Let's start. I'll talk about it now. We'll be the last place to start. Talk about a land of indifference. Talk about people. The ostrich town where everybody's got their head buried deep in the sand. That's what I'm saying. They need some change in. Come on. You'll change them. Oh, raspberry. She emptarked its 2010 production for electric car. Why do you all know all of the electric car? However, however. I'm not seeing so far about some of them cars re-like. Charge up the battery and you're having about two blocks. Then you've got to find a place to go and charge it up again. They're an animal. It's better than it used to be. But it's still not quite there. It's certainly not something that we're going to do. It's definitely by design. It's not what it could be. Right. General Motors is a set of targets for production of an all-electric car. In 2010, GM's product chief and vice chairman Bob Blutz said yesterday, or is that LUTZ? Oluze. LUTZ said the major uncertainty facing the Chevrolet Volta concept vehicle GM on veiled in January was whether LUTZ and Ion batteries can be developed to power economically and safely. Bob, oh, can you imagine what Sally Fiskid would run with on the land batteries? Fado. Our running volt prototype is expected by the end of 2007. He said it in the GM would take the unusual step of opening much of its development process to the media. We've said in internal target production in 2010, whether we can make that or not, this is still kind of unpredictable program for us, though still reporters on the sidelines of the Geneva Auto Show. We added, we're sort of outside our comfort zone. What do that means, I don't know what that means. GMD intelligence broad plans for the electric volt of the Detroit Auto Show, but the world's number one automaker declined in, there's closed production timeline. Some critics and competitors question whether GM, which has been heard recently by, is association with gas, gasoline, SUVs and trucks. We've produced the volt, or might just look to capitalize on the favorable attention that its concept is regenerated. Competitors who worked this off as a PR exercise are going to be brutally surprised with said, it's going to be brutal, maybe. Electric cars, including plug-in hybrid, like the Voltodron, strong support from US environmental groups, would see such vehicles as the way to reduce oil consumption and greenhouse gas emissions since they can't be, what does that say? Can't be recharged with power drawn or can be? See, this is a typo, of course, as the most important word in the sense, since they can be recharged with power drawn from a cleaner burning electric grid, that's what it's supposed to say, idiots. GMS got the earlier experience with electric car market in California as the EV-1, and I'm talking to the decision that made it the target of criticism, and the 2006 documentary who killed the electric car? I saw that right after who killed top robin was pretty good. So who did? But GM build the voltas a return to the once-failed idea of a mass market like the car. The voltas intended drives power exclusively from a next generation battery pack capable of being recharged by a small onboard engine or a normal electric outlet. GMS said it's aiming for the volt to be able to run for 40 miles on pure electric power, meaning many communities would be able to get through a day without using gasoline or gasoline. Luth said GMS initial work is shown that the production version of the volt would have to shed some of the volt-style and queues of the concept of clearly extreme front placement of the wheels. I know it can't make the production car look like the concept, if you said the whole shape of the car is going to have to be a little more traditional. So also said there was still a chance that the concept could prove unworkable. I would say there's still a 10% chance this will fail. He said, all the paying power is how much they get smeared by the oil company. When you say that it would be the 10% of the energy to pump, that's what I would say. But then it could go to what I know. Let's see how we're doing. I bet you we got our 1000 votes. We're very close to it. Now, mine says 998 and I refreshed it and it says 999. Oh, this is the moment that you wait for. These are the kind of radio moments that everybody in America whether it's on satellite or stereo, not quite so serious or whatever it is. Ron Crapian, let me refresh your one more time. We got a thousand votes. Oh, don't don't don't don't. All right. Was that what I said in a moment or what? God. I'm going to send an extra with my kneecap. I'm going to bang it on the counter here. 567. Let's get what that you people. What is your story out there where you're trying to help the human race survive? Like that guy said. We're socially conscious. We're unconscious in some ways. And of course, what does this have to do with ball games? Like that stupid U.M. Roland basketball game at 130 tomorrow. Well, why can't they do like a two hour pregame show if they want to do a hurricane swarm of one out to it like so you don't mean that. No one to two sounds like somebody made. I mean, how can you build up the excitement and the drama you're right for that game when you can only start at 130? How you don't have time to really build it up? None of the water for play. That's right. Have a little basketball for a play. WQAM, hello, or for a play. QAM. No. Yeah. How are you? Good. I'm going to go to your voice. Show me your ID. Yeah. Here you are. OK. No. Why would you go through that? Who else wouldn't be? Who is... You had a very big echo in the line, Neil. Yeah. So, whether it makes sense. There is a bell to me on both ends. Neil, be not in your end. OK. Well, either one. Be kind enough to explain. You go through quarterway or periodically these ratings. Yeah. Would you be kind enough to explain the way and what they mean? In other words, is a 3.9. Does that mean a multiple of so many people... In other words, if you... It's a share. This number you get is the share of the people listening at that given time. OK. But would you understand, on the basis of that, how many people that would mean? You might not know that. How many people would mean? Well, we can tell you how many people would mean average quarter hour. No. I can't tell you what a 3.9 share would mean. It depends on what time of day. The number change and whatever it is. It changes if the depending on what time of day it is. That's a percentage of the audience listening at that time and that changes during the course of the day those numbers. Yeah. I did one of these Neilson survey things last year. Yeah. Which by the way, I took care of you that would be in Georgia even. What do you mean, what do you mean? What do you mean, what do you mean to fear me? We're not in the Neilson doesn't really radio. Well, I got this thing in the mail and I had my son fill it out. 10 to 2. I'm a child. I'm a child. That was an odd thing. I love you then. Like I said. No, I did. We stole it up and I even did the baseball guys some good. Which I thought was, you know, how poor are you? I was very generous of you. But Neil, the question then, if I may ask. What is it? Go ahead. You're a very defensive. I mean, we love you because you're helping us. You're kind of arbitrary at times. You know, I'm not sure. You know, I'm not sure. You're trying to tell our journey. Well, Neil, how many people would send to your show? It's not a third man. No, not a third. How many? You think? Here's the answer you want. See, I. Well, what's the difference isn't me. Why do you care how many people listen to the show? I'm just curious. Yeah. Because when you mention these whole members and what do you mean? I'm arbitrary and compresses. What does that mean? Well, I mean, you're not patient. You're smart. You know, I'm not sharing compressions of that. Nothing to do with patient. They're separate words. They're going to learn that. I don't do with it. I should. I'm this spoke. But you should. You should. You think? You think there's 50,000 people listening to us right now? Could be. Okay. That's really what I wanted to know. And I do want you to know that we all like you, Neil. Even though I'm arbitrary and compresses in a real fat piece of turn. Why did I? I wouldn't know anything about that, but you're very well suited for radio shows. I know that. Same. My face and body are suited for radio. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Okay. Oh, and a mole, rat man, is more than I can take. It's a hard you. Loots, not, not. No, no, hard you. Loots, this is not correct. Well, you people are, I'm armoured. Don't want to be arbitrary and compresses again, but Jesus got all mighty. And the guy's name. What difference does it make how it passes his name for Kuan. A lot of who the hell cares. They got from general mode. My God. Talk to. See, this is the kind of. And the other guy says that I'm going to change the world that I'm giving people food for thought. We're talking about electric cars, which we should have had years and years ago. So we worked at Pennon on these ragheads with this thick and damn Saudi oil. And all this other crap going on. And this guy is worried about whether I pronounce the guy from GM right. Is it Loots or is it Loots? Who gives a flying big man? Jesus, God Almighty, get a life. You're not job. Takes the time. You know, if we. What's the use, you know? If he has an important question, it's like pulling teeth. It's like ringing hands. It's like having nervous breakdown and try to get a response. But something where they can't have a chance to nitpick. I would much rather know his pick than nitpick. At least know his pick and you know like Clean's house. W2A in, hello. Capricious. My capricious got bigger wheels and a B-bock would be big. W2W2. W2A in, hello. No. Who has a server? Do you remember that movie to read a coronation of foul feeder? Yeah, I do. What Nick Bang and his own daughter in that movie? Yes. That's fine. Okay, well okay, I have a good time. All right, we got two to row now. Yeah, we're smoking now. W2A in, hello. Hey Neil. Yes. Hey, you can have an open cap that are be cremated, please. I know, what do you think? Dying cremated? Yeah, I'll let you know. You can have a new day as well. Aren't you premedated? Yeah. First of all, most of the people were not doing too shabby on their very silly pull. Well, there's a thing Neil is a genius to think Neil is a, a whole of the thing Neil is a whatever. And you think Neil really cares what you think. That's the best part because the answer is not really. As long as I get paid it. I know one of those people are words a lot about what other people think. Oh, you know what I mean? Neil is such a, he's so capricious and arbitrary, you know. An arbitrary. But thanks for your help, pal. Okay. He thought of the Neil's sin. I mean, that guy was a little. A little bit confused, I would say. And when he said, you think 50,000 people are listening to us right now. I think he was more concerned about whether they were listening to the sound of his voice. They would follow on himself from buddy. Hey, 50,000 people. Yeah, I heard you on Neil show today. Wow. And then what? You know, what after that? What happens after that? You look to know what his ratings are. Problem is passed due to QA. And this is to be word for the late nights in the weekend hours. This is the reward for making sure you were always first to arrive and last to leave. This is the reward for your town. You're potential ever since you were young. You knew what you wanted. You know what it was going to take together. So go ahead. Commer, say these bends of poverty would run 800 new bends and begin the most exceptional adventure in car buying. Mercedes bends at top of his more than just a purchase. It's the ultimate reward. The ultimate trophy. You don't need to show the world your successful. They already see that. This is for you. This is what you were. You always wanted to be behind the wheel of a finely crafted Mercedes bends and it doesn't just full figure needs it anticipates them. Right now, I explore the stunning 2007 GL450 winner of Car and Grabbers Best Rush Rios UV Award. Call 1-800 new bends and learn lots more. Make an apartment led in Mercedes-Benz, a pump and a pro-fessional maker time count. Call 1-800 new bends today that's any WBENZ. 1-800 new bends. This is the reward. This is Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The peck Gordon Lydia, they don't come anywhere in new Rogers. Jim Carrey returns to the big school. You know what? It was scared you silly. Hey, he's body will fit in my clothes base. Hey, you know. They spend too a serial channel. Please don't hurt me. I'll be right there, you won't. He-he-he-he. Yes, I sure have all. Thank you, Ben. Oh, thank you. Oh, what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. Who's there? Jim Carrey is an instrument to a serial killer. T-to-day. And when you live the theater, you will say, Do not go in there. Oh. Oh. Kind of like what you say when you get to the cue and building. Do not go in there. Especially on days when they were got to the tarby. We think now they all done with that stuff or what? There's still up on the roof. They're up on the roof. So for the crying change, man. I think after all these days, you have them for me already. Yeah, I can't. But you don't. Anyway, come chicken. I couldn't give them for the other way. So many of the sick. If La Nigra is anywhere nearby. And they want to come and raid our roof. What are you talking about? And what's that sound? I'm here. The microwave. The microwave is making those sounds. Chris was microwave in a sandwich. Yeah. So anyway, no tar yet. Chris is microwaving a sandwich. What kind of a sandwich? Just a hamburger? With a bun? Yes. Ah. Oh my god. I'm going to sit down on the floor and have a nervous collapse. I'm going to have a spastic fit. What is wrong with you, man? I give you the eggings information. You don't want it. You want to be. How did you lose the weight? Take it. Jenny Craig. Kruki. Kruki. Like Chris the alley or even Kukido and Fettuccine. I like Fettuccine. Yes, Kukido. I like Fettuccine. I like Fettuccine. In fact, I like any kind of pasta. But I can't eat it. You know, I got my eat. You know, something even the dream feels. I keep getting all this. Well, one thing that really bugs me about spam. Is it really spam when it's something that you do business with? Yes. If this, you can opt out usually in those emails. There's a little line that says, oh, I run subscriber. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I can't tell you the worst offenders of all is almost hot stakes, man. You would think that they had about 80% in tons of rotting carcassely in a mountain Omaha somewhere. They just can't get rid of it for a lover money. Just air-reached, stick in the, and I look at it at Omaha's day. Yeah. Look at that. But, right. And then, of course, the same thing with a dream feel pasta. Once you buy something from somebody, man, they grab out of you like they're never going to let you go. They just get a struggle on your ass. So to speak. WDQAM hello. Not there. Good. I didn't really want to take one of anybody. So I'll bring in just because I'm such a considerable, wonderful guy. I figured well, I'll give my chance. You've been ringing for a couple minutes. Gone. Now, let's run off my back. I'll tell you that right now. Here's a fact that says your show is rocking. They even the calls you have fresh new WDQs calling and keep it up sign to P, whoever P is. Well, have a good P. Maybe it's P, did he? They could be P, did he? Or could he be dismissed to P as opposed to Mr. T? What are what kind of haircut Mr. P has got? I think that people have to keep spammy with all that. I just don't want it. You know what I mean? And like the airlines, because you know I fly a lot. Oh, there's a line in the email if you look and it's usually teeny tiny and there's a little link to it. You start with a line. Yes. If tiny were here right now, man. He'd do a dump on your shoe just out of a hostel. And it says something along the lines. If you do not wish to receive further communications at this type or if you wish to unsubscribe or something like that, click here. Yeah. Speaking of that, because I was thinking of the idea that I brought the dog to the work and he dumped in any calc step and I thought it was very appropriate. But I just don't mind me. There are things that we forget that we try to forget. Tiny weighed 10 pounds. He was a minpin. He was a little bit of a hellwaves. But he was a cute little dog. And one day I don't remember why. But just for the hell of it, I brought him to work. I think somebody asked me to do whatever the deal was. And when Disney was still there at that point in my right, you talk about a sour push. You talk about a red nose. I mean, they carry on. How, what is he thinking? Bring your dog into the building here. Bring your dog into the building here. Well, what is it to you? I kept him in the studio for quite an hour. The door was locked. It saw like he was running up and down the hallway and tickled on everybody's shoes. Remember that day? Yeah. Of course. Why does that thing keep making those sounds? What is that? What is that? I can keep hearing that. Are you like, moving about 100 sandwiches or something? No sounds coming from down here, either. There are sounds coming from down here, either. There are sounds coming from there, man. There are sounds and smells. Oh, my God. You need to get out of here. You're hearing that. I don't know what you're talking about. Okay. He's fine. Double QAM, hello. Tiny, tiny, tiny. If you don't listen to me and you're married as man, you're disappointing. I don't know this mirror, I don't know what he does. Tell him. You're not getting married. He'll understand. That was straight down to you, by the way. And he's dead now. I hope he tore down. You could be saying, no, they look good. And he was like a teen idol. The only problem he was never a teenager and he never looked good. Kind of strange. WDQAM, hello. Not good. No, no good. No, no. Back to you. WDQAM, hello. QAM. QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Will you bring a jogging of the CFO? Because I felt like it. Why the hell not? I don't know. I say people bring their dogs to work and rest. So things like that. That's strange. In rest, Ryan, you and Europe, like in France, you can bring your dog in the rest. And in fact, the dogs are probably more sensitive than most of the people in France. And you can know older than the men you two are interested. And we wouldn't surprise me like in China, sure why they're not. Like, I'm not going to say, don't. I keep on moving. I'm not going to say it, just moving right forward. Like you told me, man, George gave me the best advice in my life this morning. Just move straight ahead. That's right. I don't know about the straight part, but just move forward ahead. That's what I'm doing it. That's a 39 vote sign of poll. That's exactly I'm taking your advice. I'm going to share listening to you. Bless you. I don't know why. Probably a bad idea. A lot of been through some things. Yeah. I'm not going to go to anything. I'm having a wonderful day. I'm going to say that you were going to say that. What did it say there about my show is rocking today. Everybody is having the best behavior. Everything is A, okay. But boy, if I got a screaming headache that just kicked in, it's probably about pre-wood by an headache from a crack and I'm tapping all of them down my sheen's mind. When are I going to find a good my sheen mind? That's what I would like to know. Wouldn't it be great? Like they go out on the beach. Where do they call those things? Like metal detectors. Right? And we'll be great to have like one of those hidden in your pocket. And somehow it would just make that look like the microwave. And it kept buzzing there before. And make like a little buzz like that. Kind of like, okay. And you know, oh, gee, this is one. It's getting ready to blow a big payoff here. Double Q, double QA and hello. QA and hello. QA and hello. QA and hello. Oh, don't tell me. There. I know that this one's saying. QA and hello. Hey, oh, I think you have my speaker point. Okay. Do I have to? Okay. Hey, I feel like he's a funny guy. I think you'd like him. But he's a good one. You're very handsome. He's funny. He's funny. He's funny. He's funny. He's funny. He's funny. He's a hedgehog. He's not funny. And that electric cars that think you're about to kill the electric car, get a kick at that. They have electric cars that work fine. I'm going to show you. I got brought in the get a fight fix. Because he couldn't fix it. But the car has no moving parts. And as you know, that's what they call it. Money off of. So the guy brought in the get the light fix. And they go, oh, we're not giving it back to you. But what do you mean you're not giving it back to me? Because they take them away. They take them away. They destroy them somewhere. It's all in the movie. But they call it work. And they took it back. They didn't like the way people were bringing it in. They care. Yeah. You know, I think parts are going to break them. It's called planned off solutions. They mean like, you know, fan built all my crap. And that's how it drew. We're always to have this morning. That's some real groundbreaking radio guys. That show really stuff. Thank you. I'm happy. Okay. Oh. What he said, some real ball breaking radio. I think that's what he said. 148 votes on the poll. Stay off the ice cream. 32. I'm just reading the bottom ones here. And stop gambling 24. Wouldn't it really frost the rest of my stuff. And got some hog and does. I already said that before on the way to a woodland. I think it will be enough. Not my camera. I might not like it too much. Why don't? Well, he doesn't care. He'll let me do whatever he wants. Because he's going to come to the cold. And too, you know. I give him lots of lots of business. Man, my terrorist cab drivers. Good guy. I let. I let. Because he terrorized you as he's driving around. I told him that story about he he tells me all these amazing stories. How would you like to be a cab driver? Can you imagine the book that he would write all the stories you have? And he said one day a couple of dark, complexed guys got in his cab. And they got to wherever he took him to where they were going. And the one guy said, OK, well, let's just sit and you know. And the guy said, you better pay him. He's a terrorist. He's loving it. It'll be an easy. And true story. So he's told me. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? I'm actually, how are you, sir? I'm I'm doing it. I just wanted to call the guy who called you. Capricious. And what else did he call you? Arritary. Capricious. Capricious. Arritary. Arritious. And the lyrious. Something like that. And the lyrious. I like to take him out and kick his teeth in. How did you pick on uncle Neil? Yeah. Who the hell is he thinking? Yeah. What's wrong with him? What kind of call is that? And that's who likes me, keep in mind. He loves me. He says everybody loves me. But he, he just wanted to talk a lot of crap. Don't understand man. Just want to talk some crap. That's what this show is here for. No, no. This show is informative. It has groundbreaking news and that's about some might face. And what's the last part? It's on my face. My place and your face. Yeah. I'm on your face. 560560. Wow. We are getting on it. The fact that it was right. Very, very perspicacious and capricious and arbitrary. That call or the fact that you're in the go. Not only am I in fire. You want to know why? Because my blood sugar this morning is like 98. That is great. I'm doing well man. I'm not even any crap. I'm getting my weight down. I got my blood sugar down. And you want to know why? Because I'm on a live like another hundred years. Or at least another six hours. What are you doing? I'm serious. I'm serious. Why is Rob Marceano that? They decided he looks too hot to just keep mind of whether it's a put a mind of a news anchoring today. They're anchoring a Rob Marceano. And I take back what I said about that. I eat guy. Oh man. Who? One of those guys that I'm about a hundred yards away. I'm thinking. Wow. I'm thinking of him. And then when you see a little closer up like. I kind of liked a bush. And did you see the thing about the one daughter that wrote the book now? She's 25. She's one of the meest kinds. Yeah. Jenna. Not the cute word. really nasty barbra. You can see Abby looking barbra. If she goes a little bit like the other barbra. Barbra is the cute one. I don't know which one she sees the one I wrote the book. Barbra. I mean, you have to say 25. Why? I guess they both are in 25 if they're 10. So, Jen is the one that wrote that book. Ask me if I care. Okay. Okay. If I really care. No. James Cameron presents. Leave it to Judah. Starting. He'll bow on. As Jesus. Barbra building's leg. As Mary Magdalene. And Jerry Mothers. As the Judah. James Cameron presents. Jesus Christ in. My one son. Starring Jesus Christ. Mary Magdalene. Judah. And on Jesus Pilate. As Uncle Charlie. Okay. I think you all are an apology to the Christ family. It's just for more. I think it's just outrageous. I wonder what the Christ family is. I wonder what the address was. Somewhere in a manger. Yeah. In a manger. It's just somewhere in there. All this stuff just makes me weak. And I'm watching all of this stuff. Indonesia. Plank rise 28 dead. All kinds of tourists all over the world. What are we hearing? That I'm arbitrary and capricious. And the other guys tell me that I'm here. And I'm giving food for thought. And I'm saving the world. And the sun is shining. It's around. I've got just like toasting now. It's going to be minus four today. Now what's said? Even I can figure that out. It's like twenty six. I'm like that. Oh, it's minus nine. So in other words, it's single digits now on a web 2A. It's sunny minus four. And it pleasant. I'll take it. Hey, listen compared to minus twenty two yesterday. And you know something in the highest today, the high. Was minus twelve. Now that was the one brutal day of the year. You know, I mean, everybody's in trouble the one right. Right. And then so then what do I get? I get those couple of sarcastic taxes. Oh, genius. I wanted to tell everybody that the ice is falling in chunks off the sea and tower. And then it closed down parts of the gardener's fresh way both ways for a while. Yeah, so what about it? How does that affect your life, okay? Whether they closed down the gardener's fresh way in downtown. It would know the gardener's fresh way from Mike Gardner. Okay. They wouldn't know from Earl Stanley Gardner. 5.6705. 60. What am I all whipped up about today? I think it's good though. When I get whipped up to a frenzy, that's when it's really good. You bet. I thought you were going to say you go, girl. I was sure you were going to say that. Wasn't he milding that Chris? It was just a you go girl. That away. For them to come up with that crap before. So as your show is rocking today, rocking in sock and baby, make no mistake about it. I have no idea why. Fuck a lot of things in my life. You know they just are. I don't really know why, but they just are. 168 votes on that pool. And you know how spastic the bonus today. It's gore or gornished. On outgour. Gourgornish which means it's everything or nothing. All or nothing at all is what I mean. See there's a lesson for all you going out there. And probably for all you Jews too because you think that they young Jews, the young kids, they, and all you, they should of course not. No. Maybe a few words, you know. I know my word right is that that he, my Jewish friends of the, they're you. Who of course, of course, and actually, you're Jewish friends that were laid to fill in either. No. I'll never forget that day as long as I live, you're crazy. You're just former accountant. This orthodox nut job. He's the one that sent me the, he sent me the sugar free hall of off the hockey game. Right. And when I went home man, you talk about it. Moving experience. I thought I was never going to leave that room. All my life is still even at this point. Years ago later, it's still flashing me for my eyes. You know, you knock it, but I appreciate that whole, to fill in wrapping experience. I was that. So I cannot relate relate to the rappers. You know it. So anyway, he comes in one morning and we're, this is when we're way back in the beginning. Nine years ago, I'm QA and we're down on the 7th floor and that, to make the leaves studio, even more, make the leaves in the one there now. And he comes in and he's going to show you what it is to lay to fill in which, I mean, I've never seen that before my life, you know, even in old days, like me, it watched the more TV. I'm not an all-night, get ski garbage. And so he takes the leather straps and he's wrapping around your arms, wrapping around. And I'm going to say the circulation. Hey, I mean, as pasties you are in the first place. I mean George could be the most pasties, the family of people in the history of mankind, even living in the sunny floor to all these years. He just never gets outdoors like this. But at any rate, yeah, we've got that. You turn it as, like, Casper the Ghost. I have never seen it like a dark, dark, dark, dark, dark. I turned, like, red and purple. Herp will be herp. First of all, it was purple in her arms. I asked him to say, does this really, you wrap it up this tiny? He goes, oh yeah, you got to feel pain, you know? God likes you. Wow. Wow. And all of a stuff to make me say that can't be wrap or bit. Let's do it. W-what? How many of you crew I am? Hello. I'm a hero. Yeah. And you're a good dog, buddy. How are you, pal? Good. I get four out of two. I get five out of two. I get five out of two. I get five out of two. I get five out of two. I get five out of two. I get five out of two. Wow. All right. Okay. I don't want to hear the rest of your crap. Good new phone. See, I was the best guy until I said I'm going to hear a crap. Cause you can't. He's not like he talking to a Campbell soup can. And by the way, that's an oxymoron Campbell soup because Campbell's never made any soup. And this is, this is much as you can't say in craft, right? And I don't have any problems with craft. I do like crafts with cheese and like crafts, the process phoenix maple leaches. But Campbell's, they really pissed me off, man. And then they got these new ads about, oh, well, what is it? Is it soup? And I'm thinking, I want to shout at the TV screen. No, it says Campbell's on it. It certainly couldn't be soup. I was always like food of last resort. Oh, my God. I don't put it up like Canada that. I mean, I rather open up a Canada warms and go fishing with it or something. I can't have Campbell's soup. And then they got the low, the low soft variety. You know something? If you took, if you took like, it chopped up a bunch of carrots and they got the bunch of carrots and celery. You put it like an an a sock. You put it in a sock. Okay, dirty sock. And you dragged it through some hot water. That would be those low-cell, those low-sitting Campbells. Oh, yeah. I mean, no, take like go-called, he used to say delicious but no taste. I mean, just unbelievably, I like drinking warm water. Fah, even the go-y I'm saying fah, when they taste that crap. So you Campbell's soup, people, man. Anybody get with it? Is there anybody that really makes good canned soup? I don't know what, the dinty more stews and the progress. The progress stews. What does that kind of do with soup? It's kind of soupy. I think they make soup also. They're not a progressive. But you're a super guy. So my ass man. No, we're also a very bland. I see a lot. Because I have blood pressure, although it's under very excellent control by the L.M. or rational person some days. But because I have blood pressures, I don't eat any extra salt for years and years. I never put salt on my food. And progress, I also think, is the kind of stuff that you need to put a lot of stuff in it. You need to put some salt in there or maybe some growl. So you don't want to do that. I mean, what I want soup, and you don't have much of a love-side love soup. I don't like soup. I love soup. I'm a soup maniac. Next time you're in town, you need to go to the original soup. I mean, soup maniac. Which is great. No sound. Why don't we come in and get into a soup? What's some of that lobster-bisc? This sounds really good. Bag of bread. It's matter of fact, when I had lunch, a couple weeks ago, my buddy at the capital Ruler, I got to French onion soup. But on the menu was lobster-bisc. And I really, the onion soup was okay. I got a crock, which I figured you know, fits me. But yeah, yeah, it wasn't. It was okay. Everything else was great. But the soup was like, yeah, like industrial strength. You know, it wasn't great. See, that's one thing. Everybody in their brother thinks they make great French onion soup. They think they're the best French onion soup, you know, with the thick layers of cheese. But they beat, but with all the different kinds of cheese on it. And there's just a certain way to make it. For example, the, I've told you this many, many years. In the dining room at Pompano Park, that's one of the best things on the menu. Is the French onion soup. In fact, wouldn't it surprise me at all? You know, a French crock that the table, he may have fallen face-first into a crock of French onion soup. Wouldn't that be a way to go? Yeah. I think it about that night. You know, I'm going to go with the other one. Oh boy. No, that was a stroke of luck. As much as I complain about having certain bad things, you know, everybody has some bad crap that happens. Oh, be on their control. But I was lucky. I wasn't there that night. Because I don't think that's the kind of thing you forget. And so when somebody, you, a friend of yours that you've known for 20 years, just props right over to on the table. Right. And I, like when my mother died, I heard it was a very horrendous thing. And I wasn't there. And that's probably just what, what do you mean is your horrendous thing? You know, like, like, you know, we had a massive heart attack. So it wasn't pretty. Like my mother was, you know, red and blue face like the, like to fill an arm and phoming it to metal. Oh, oh, shins and well, like my mother. Right. She had a massive heart attack. And my friend John was the last one to talk to one on the phone. And I keep seeing, what are you saying to her? Oh, I called her that one. I just, for he knows it's just a joke. What are you going to say that's arbitrary, compressive and mean spirit in the hospital? Maybe Jesus Christ already. My God, she was 91 years old. 91. Do you ever meet my mother? Yeah, a couple of times. You did? Yeah. When was that? At your house. At my house. What the, what are you doing in my house? Bring in something over. They wouldn't fit in your core bed. Oh, that's right. Post or something else. Grabbed it by and your mom was there. Yeah. And she was a pip. She was a hoot. Yeah. Oh, yeah. A lot to stranger. She was always wonderful. Oh, no. It was not like she was like nice. She was just funny. Yeah. You see, where you got, he's really funny now. Put a wig on you and you'd be just like her. Yeah. I'm sure. I'm sure that there are other people out there who might be listening right now. Who would agree with that? Okay. I'm not going to mention a name. I think that's what I'm talking about. I do the best. I can. Okay. I do the very best. I can. There are times when I can be a little bit over the top. And emotional cripple, a basket case. A little flidier, a little flatier, a little trickier. But I do the best. I can. We all love you, man. Well, there you go. In a non gay way, of course. Yeah. I'll court very happy. I'll go. That's what I'll do. I think you'll, uh, want a QA. And, pa, pa, pa, I can wait to start getting dressed for woodbind. And this year, I'm going to do a lot of audits because you're going to be very, very beautiful, a lot of fire is roses. It's roses like... You're going to miss the cover. You will be getting out of bed. I'll miss the cover. Thanks for being my hair. And while I've been blinded off her. I feel like no one's ever to be trained. And the father of all, I'm by the number one, do as I was. Good, blah, blah, blah. I've been going to London for... Two hundred-four. Oh, good. Awesome, bro. Two, more. Oh, bro, okay. Oh, bro, okay. Oh, my God. So, well, for the $47 and $56, you can't even get the $meid dog coming up at two o'clock. And the power hour was the hank of the med dog, and then the hank over the show. Followed by baseball that you don't want to hear. Well, I almost lost it in the last spot there. I don't know if you were paying any attention. No. Well, no, because I was thinking... Sometimes I feel like an idiot. I was thinking what you said about if you put a wig on, I would be my mother. And I thought... That was a great line. In some respect. So, he used to be for him. She was quick. She had lines. She was... That's not what I was thinking. Okay. I was thinking more of like his emotional bias. Oh, I see. See, my mother, my nickname for... My nickname for was always doom and doom, you know. I used to tell her a few hundred million dollars in small bills in the backyard. You find some negative in that one. Oh, well, how am I going to do the pick all of these up? But where am I going to hide all of it? She could find... In any silver lining, she could find a dark cloud. You know, that's not my mother. Well, I missed that experience. She just had the instant, she cracked me up. Did she really? Every word out of her mouth is... Oh, and here's an email from Norma Kentt. It just came over. So, you could use... Yeah, good anima, I think it's what... You could use one. A wig? Well, what does that mean? It just says you could use a wig. Do you understand what that means? I guess me? I guess it's a bald headshot. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I have any idea what that means. I'm getting rid of her. I'll find it on the computer. Because that might be like where it doesn't quite compute. Thanks Norma. Whatever you say, go. Go on to defend some of us lying balls somewhere. Okay, some pervert like me. Go to defend somebody. And click to bug a man. And call up our Joe Bell next week and tell them, let's extend 40-50 years. Well, that's normal. And, and when we extend 40-50 years, take a care of George and they're two, okay? I feel not to give it a take care of George and say, just throw them to the wind. Get out to the wolves because they figured they can... He'll work cheap because of the fact they, you know, for whatever fact. Take care of everybody. Let them alone on the full by the way. Chris, take care of Chris. Do I, you're at it. Well, I'm on my foot net in there. I mean, you'd be... How long you been on the show like two months? Oh, yeah. And Chris told me the other day, I figured what day it was, maybe Monday. Why you were doing what you were 85 dumps. Yeah. And he just thanked me profusely. I mean, it was just... It was so beyond the usual suckup that it was just almost embarrassing. I think I was last week. Was that last week? Oh, I was. So I better not hope for repeat anytime soon. I sure hope not. No. I'd like to... I'd like Josh coming this week to kiss her butt. Josh has been... You know, something that's really interesting. Josh court is a good kid. He really is. He has been so much friendlier since he got off the show. Then he ever was when he was working on the show. Oh, what is that? He misses me badly. So he was given all kinds of kisses and stuff. No, seriously. He really... He's been very friendly. He comes in the morning. And he won't remind us that I treat... I treat people well. That's why. Just ask me. Do I treat people well? Yes. Don't I? Yes. Seriously. I mean, I think... He gave me that stuff about my mother and all that other crap, which he or correct about that. I can be a bad... I can be the worst. I admit it. Okay. All those German-Dum Stories. That's just what I hear from you. But my experience with her was nothing but hysterical. Let me tell you once again. Bloom and Duma. Wait. That was your middle name. Oh! Melodyid? Oh! Solomon. That was for years. You'd have the lunch once a week. And always the next day there were mommy stories of something. And even though it wasn't funny to you while I'm not having a... It was a pain for usually pain for the baby. It was funny with her. See, there's nothing funny about my mom. I guess maybe somebody else might... Oh, and we have to start now with your mom, Miriam. I'm in such a bitch. Oh, yeah. And the audience just saying, how could Neil say that? Because that's what George has been telling us for a hundred years. He is. And it was my mother. With my mother, it was never because she had bad intentions. Oh, I will say this. And I'm trying to remember if she ever say anything about you. I don't know. But anybody who was my friend was never a good person. And I said, you know, well, I can remember what we call a house when she was there. Oh, my God. Oh, he sounds like such a nice man. No. No. It all that crap. Really. Yeah. And I would say, geez, he's not that he's not a nice guy. But he's just annoying his hell in real pest. You know, I just... He sounds so nice at the phone. Oh, I look crap. How did we get into this? I don't know, but it's true as fast. No, but you would seriously genetically... You do become... I don't care what anybody says, but you have certain traits and characteristics that came from your parents. No denying it. It's in your genes, baby. It's in your genes. And hopefully, if you're lucky, maybe a lot of people want what's in your genes, but that's beside the point. Man, it's just one of those things. And, of course, on the other side, like I told you my father who was like a walking block of ice, which is by Bill Caudi, he's just our guest. They call me Mr. Warm. You know, you'll notice how in my old age now, it's totally changed on that. Maybe I'm making it for the last time. Could there's now, kind of like, warm and fuzzy with everybody who I mean? I am. Or fuzzy anyway. Well, what does that mean? Was that another shot? Was it like arbitrary and capricious on that warm? Another shot at your head. Oh, shmuck. And what's that normal kid with, like, a user wig? Yeah. You could use a little something normal, okay? Like maybe a brain transplant. You're fair, yeah. Too much bad pot. Well, I talked and you're a bell, and I told that son of a bitch, but he's just out of control, just creating, this is one of normal's great areas of expertise, but I will say for all the shots I give him, okay? I will say, once a part of time, it came to the house, this is back, I think, when we're still doing action, and Greg weeded me, the offer to come to QAM. And he said, he looked me straight in the face, it's straight until I repeat. Gay. And he said, I don't like to use the numbers, I don't like talking about how much money I make, it's very, what do I say, how do I say it in savory? It is, it is, it's embarrassing. He said, I'm going to get you a million dollars a year. I said, yeah, right, you know, right. And that was long time ago. Now he was going to give me a million dollars a year. So I can't, I can't live on that. I was seriously, he did that, okay? So in every dark, like I said, people have their faults. Nobody's perfect. And me, especially, included. But Norma just, he means well, it's just that he's, you know, he likes to be a show off. Oh, I did this for you. And look at this, I went to Joe and I told him, yeah, right. Just listen to me, Norma. I'm a client. You're the flunky attorney. Just just do what I say. Or we're going to turn you over to one of my friends. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, lunch is. You're loyal to my father for years. To his out of business, to take an ask to just. Just like this could run in my face. All because the fact that by that two in my hands, I say. Oh, oh. Mom, please, guilty and babyswing in case. Oh, oh. A woman, please, guilty of the status, swinging her four-year-old son like a bat to hit her boyfriend during a fight, fracturing the infant's skull in the process. Oh, brother. Like a baseball bat. Sweet is it. When you hear, I don't know if I can do this on a year. I don't think I can say this. This name is CHYT-O-I-T-O-I-A. Chaturya Graham. 27, pleading guilty, aggravated assault. And it dangering the welfare of a child under a plead agreement with prosecutors. By pleading guilty, Chaturya, and now's an October H.E. Greberson, Geron, by his feet and swung him, hitting her boyfriend and seriously injuring the child. What's that rash, Bill? Oh, it's Chaturya, the doctor gave me an appointment. And great. If this, I like something else. And it has to be cleared up immediately, yeah. And especially if you have Chaturya in your a clitoria. At Graham's preliminary hearing in December of her medical body show, who treated her maybe because all that Graham was crying and this show was medical crews were like, this is not a funny story and we're laughing. Oh, girl. She testified at Graham's total assault in my struggle like a bat. Sounds to me like she's crazy as a bat. It's a loon. The judge ordered a psychological drags in, a Xam for Chaturya before a sentence and said for my eighth. The aggravated assault charge for as an minimum five years in prison because the child was under 13, maximum sentence is 20 years, prosecuted a Bethurtse. Maximum sense for endangered and welfare of her child is five years. The two of us who charges wrong. Graham's previous attorney said, Graham did not use a child as weapon that the boy was hurt during a fight between two adults and the Graham lied with 30s about how the injury occurred to protect her boyfriend. Geron, who made a full recovery than Scott and Graham's father, so we're currently in custody of her parents. Hey, come on, Chaturya. Why you be acting like that? 1115 votes on the pool by the way. That's good. The hell. And when I'm up in Bouke, take a slap in all the women with pain and lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two of us. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I earn balance one to two hours. Boah, boah, boah, boah, boah, boah, boah, boah. Baby, buddy, feelin' In jacket from home If you're not rich, I'm shootin' for no reason. Each moon will allow a people to keep some time to come. I call it a lie to you, come. You need, buddy, feelin' In good, rich, it does. And people roll round their tongue. Each moon thinks they can get more truth than before he's done. Baby, they shall be just so. Baby, they're just as is what the wild houses do for. Or a little fish on to go to what's there. Or do you envy? Either a ball of light. Here's your words in the sun. If other words do we envy, but you'll reach it to time to wait. Or there's your bird, heart, the horse. These paradise that I've been long and can't pay why. It will not last in a dream. I'm dying out of here. By the way, feel better chicken. That's how you do easy. Okay now? Yeah, easy. Good. Okay, that's it. Right. Now, we're not having another one of those technical things like we had yesterday. How does this sound now? It shows great. It shows great. It shows great. It shows great. It shows great. I almost feel like I'm alive now, you know what? That was a good segment there about mine. Me and the wig. Anyway, normal cancer, something I went to my hot mail, you know, I figured I would open the attached, but I can't even open it. You could use a wig. I don't know what it is all about. Since Neil always offers us good advice as the pool, and I don't know when he'll that started. I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice would be, Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all. I'll figure it out in six months. I'm a third of the whole audience. Things that I know at all. Well, just kissing up. Oh, look who's talking. Oh, there's Michelle Gillen. Oh, no. Michelle Gillen, my 33 news. All right. That's you. That's you. That's you. That's you. That's you. I'm seeing him. She was on channel 33 though, I was saying. Yeah, that's the way that we're picking up. And then she said, live 33. No, they chopped her off. Manfaced and you can say, oh, what a bitch. What a, what a flaghead. That me, me, me, she said Michelle Gillen. Then she became me, she'll. And then the Beatles is that song. 131 votes. Neil was needed by seeing, knows it all, 369. Right. I know one thing. When I see a real Zionist, I know it's a world blue screen. I got my screen out. When I see a real far business Zionist who gives you no accurate news. Make the move to satellite 180. Okay, hold your breath. I'll let you know what it actually is. Okay. Inhale right now. Take a deep breath. Come on. And let's see what it is out. And the breath too. Don't ever retire. 179. I can't afford to retire, man. I got, you know, so many things I need to do. Stay the hell off of my space. 144. There is no chance of that happening. Okay. I don't have a problem with anymore. I mean, there for a while, I mean, you know, the first episode was first couple of months. I didn't belong to them in a metal ward. But I think for a 64 year old towed that's keeping, you know, what was the problem? That move back to Miami 55. Stay off the ice cream for a day. But I think it's moving up on the Richter's gear. Stay off the ice cream. Fatso you die, but it, my, my blood sugar blasts today. This has been sensationalized sound good for you know. I sound like I just gained 20 years back in my life. Thank you very much, Neil. You're welcome. I did it for myself, you know, because I want to stay alive. I don't want to croak any time soon. I don't. Plus I got to keep all you people alive. That's right. Doesn't bother me. Return now, 47. Can't afford to do it. 4.1% return now. We're tired. So we can put a good sports show on in there. Right. And we can talk a lot more about. Manly things. Check mainly. Go straight 44. Yeah, go straight to wood by. And the plunger guts may be good luck. Maybe I'll win the five grand on the five dollar machine today. What do you think? I'll take a look at the day for that. Actually what I would like to do is win the progressive jackpot on the five dollar wheel of fortune. 360 square and they've never paid it out since the place of an open five years. Never paid it out once. So it's due. 360 square. I'm not even saying you a couple of bucks. Or that be sweet. I hate this pool 43 and had percent and stop gambling 25, 2.2%. See if my mother was a lot of days. So the name of the thing she broke before I started with this wood mine. Stuff. Can you hear what I had. Oh, it's really mad. Yeah, I'll squirt every all your money away. Is that what you doing? You're getting every all your money. And the means I have all the times that she was saying that. I was taking care of her. I was giving her money every month. I bought her condo. So she didn't have any rent to pay you know. All of these things. And she was giving me lectures. I want to do it with my money and we're to stick it and I kept on her. We're to stick it. 1134 on a pool. Well a lot of not sell to here today. Maybe this is the kind of thing I have. And just before you crook. Oh. Oh. Okay. You start living in the past. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. I told you the last quarter showed the other day. Um. When the energy died, you said. No, I did not say that. No, I did not. Oh, oh. I'm sorry. Oh, that's pretty good. I was so happy. Okay, great. Okay. Tell your boyfriend. Hello, too. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. If we go through 560, 560, 560, I'll leave rise and see your level slide. Maybe I should just forget about the phone to solve. Although it has been a pretty interesting day on the phone. You got to admit that. There's no doubt. It has been different and different interesting. There's R and nothing wrong with that. Now, WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. I saw you had a condo for rent on the my space thing. No, I don't have a friend of mine, does yes. I thought maybe you would look for a roomy. I'm available. No. Yeah. Bye. 560, 560. 560, I'll leave rise and see your level slide. I have a looking for room-made in Florida. Yeah. A room handle. I wouldn't mind having a room-made here. Somebody just shot up all the time. You know. There's a room-made room. There's a room-made room. There's a room-made room. There's a room-made room. Maybe my friend from Berlin from my summer would like to-you know-because he's being on Berlin and maybe he'd like to pay a visit to Toronto and just never leave. Because if that was the case, you know, this is like we were talking last week about the time somebody up and never letting them get away of them. Yeah. He would have been a certainly a good specimen for that. But nevertheless. I don't want to start getting into a whole thing about Berlin. But boy, it was your my business. And you know what they call it over there? Monkey business. WQAM Hello. How do you say monkey in German? I don't know. QAM Hello. Yeah. Deal. Yes, sir. You have a wonderful home today. Good-bye Wednesday. Yeah. The megapoll 300 meg... 307 million. Yeah. It was one ticket. Good-bye. New Jersey. No, two tickets. Yeah. Two tickets. One in Georgia. And one in... Was it wood by New Jersey? That's how my story said. Yeah. Wood by New Jersey. All right. So maybe you can win that... For a few hundred and a six-week grand. Yes, sounds good to me. And the guy at Georgia is going to go buy some tickets. There you go. Yeah. And go give a new band you. Okay. Thanks, pal. Yeah. Some guy in bum fort. Joe with your wins. 185 million. Oh. And you know, it never fails. And the same here when you see somebody win a lot of like 14 or 20 million dollars. And then you see the picture in the paper or whatever. Oh. Where you see them on TV on the news day and if you don't... Well, I'm just going to go back to work on Monday and on... Yeah. Like that. Yeah. Sure you are. You're going to go back to work on Monday my ass. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. That's a fucking key. Don't call. How about that? Not bad. I would say I'm a scale of zero. We... That's why I don't want to touch. You don't want to touch. I want you to be fat with me. You want me to be fat with me? You want me to be fat with me? You know, I have such an appreciation because the godfather 2 thing was unspeaked the other night that we're godfathering all day. Yeah. I have such an a high appreciation for that act. And I never looked it up, did you? The act of a played the... Somebody said it. One of the colors said it. He said what? The actress name and I forgot. We both did. He talked over him. I don't know. Well, I sure is hell hope not. He was too good to be dead. But then again, so it's Peter Finch. WQAM. WAM. WQAM. Yeah. Try to find out the name of this column. You guys closed a show on Friday. You guys have a note that is... The name of the song that we closed the show? I'm trying to bring my name by that Royk Sop. I'm going to go at. Oh yeah. Perfect. Oh, by the way, I haven't... I've said this to my mom in 15 years, but I love her. Next time. But wasn't that sweet? That was... Yeah. I can't believe her. You know what? You don't like that? What? His little I love you to merm? Yeah, what was wrong with that? Nothing. Why does that make you want to hear what is wrong with that? No, let me say it again. You know, my father who was a real hard-ass nasty rotten bastard. I've told you this before. Most people probably couldn't even believe it. There's no such thing as love. It's just a word. Yeah. What kind of a person would say such a thing? Even if they believed it. You know, if I say that much of a walking icicle, you know, I'll be free. He never felt it. No, he felt it. At least twice. I'm just telling you. What's wrong is you get... You want to get... You want to get... I just wanted to... You know, I love you. I never used to be a mushy person and believe me now in my old age. I become more... I don't know. I don't know what it is. Because once they stick your ass in the ground, you're not going to say, I'm like, what are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What is what kind of love it is? Or what it is? What it is? What it is? You know what I'm talking about? Hmm hmm. Oh, mind your own business. Love and I've written 48. I'm serious. It's just... Maybe it doesn't happen to everybody. It certainly didn't happen to my father. I'll tell you that I'm sure... I'm sure that today you know... The last time I saw him, I want to say it was 71. I think it's 71. So that's like... And he died. I would say it about 90. So... I'd say 91. Just pick a year. Okay. In fact... And probably it was... So at least at last 20 or 25 years of his life, I never saw him. I never spoke to him. And thanks God for that. Okay. Who would want to? Heifel nasty rotten. Just brutal subhuman person. It's just... Love those things, you know. You can pick your house but you can't pick your parents. So by comparison, my mother... Even though she was a... She could drive you nuts. At least she meant well, you know. You know what I mean by that? Yes. Sometimes it's a bracelet excuse. Ask me, I'll tell you. Sometimes meaningful. It can still be aggravating annoying. But at least... If you're aggravating annoying, you mean well. That's one thing. People can tolerate that. But if you're at hateful and rotten and nasty in our aggravating... Then especially if you're arbitrary and capricious. Is that like prudent sentations? Patients and prudent? I literally record it. It's not your belong to me. I wish you don't have that. I'll look. Oh. Oh. You drugged back then? You wish you boy ex-tit is the exhibit. You know I have a lot of people pinned they rise. But if you want your cop, you can fast kick it to the experts and jay to the Add to the double FY. She fit Pimp. Whether it's a self-instereo. Sick ground effects or dope rooms. We'll have you in and out in 15 minutes. I took mine, hoof team. Any band that you think? Now it's tinted, rolling on, doves and did you see the fly? When on it? Oh and check out that fat hydrodics. Oh, now I'm right in 30. Don't you know. Any make any model? Chiffy, Pimp has street cred. While we're not good at Pimp's master, we're out of pick up most anywhere. Without trust my homies and jiffy pimp's. Why? They turn my gun wreck into a 4-2-inch biobless screen with Pimp free. Yeah! Because we often change dog, they stick chiffy pimp. Chiffy pimp, they stick chiffy pimp. They stick chiffy called wreck dog. Yeah! I'm on the enemy and I'm on Japan. I'm on Josh Vegas. And I'm on my enemy. He's dead. So Brandon, who's the godfather expert? The email's been says because he died. 95. So I looked it up. I googled it here on IMDB. Michael V. Gatso, he died of a stroke. And 95. Good. Glad you got it. I'm having a computer problem. You're having computer problems at QAM. I can't believe that. I think you just made that up. Are you starting to stroke trouble again? No, no, no, no. You said all those terrible things about my mother? Anyway, how are we doing on that pool here? Let's take a look at it. Chris says we got 1162 votes. Okay, congratulations. Thanks. No problem. Fox, I think we got to show that it's a 1200 here. I think we're going to do that. Oh, yeah. We need 31.41 minutes who's counting in 38 votes. That's just 90. But one minute. If I show like this, if a high pay show like this can't get one vote of men on their pool, then we're not worth the price of peanuts. The price of Campbell's soup. Mmm, but, mmm, but. Don't what's up with it? We got Reggie White for scandal. That's right. Is that what it is? Mm-hmm. Reggie White. Talk about it. How come we're all Reggie White? Did he croak he just croaked here not too long ago? A couple years ago. Oh, good. Reggie White. For scandal soup. Mmm. Hey, nothing like our hot bowl of soup. Mmm. You know what's in the back of your time? And my man done it all whole neighborhood smell like candy made it. We literally like that no more. We're all the new famous from Campbell Soup. Like Jacob Booth too. I think, okay, man. All the motorbail it's here. And my favorite, primo Boolean. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. She trying to say. I don't know. Nobody's who I am, hello. You're talking about your mom. You're saying it's mother, by the way. I'm not thinking of anything bad about your mother, but they've brought to mind it's the second biggest lie after God in this world. What does that mean? Well, it means that the government is saying that. What most people must take for a lot of is just either a catch winner, security or some other time. What the hell does that look like? What does that have to do with my mother? Nothing. Nothing. I'm just saying, you know. Some other reduce saying there is no such thing. There is no human emotion at such as love. I'm not saying that there's no human emotion. I'm saying all the attributes given to it are absolutely false. So what are the real attributes of it? What's the real attributes of the center attachment and, you know, need it? I don't want to think of it in the actual giving on nine. Get out of here. I thought my father was dead for crying. What kind of a call was that? We've been doing really well today. We've been kicking some big, pimple smelly ass. And this guy calls up to give me a son and then about what I love is just a need. Get out of here. Brother. Now see maybe years ago I wouldn't have said that. I would say, you know, you're right. And what kind of crap is that? In fact, that could be one of my very favorite bits of all time. What's that? Kind of crap is that? Yeah, what kind of crap is that? No, and for whatever reason I'm having the same kind of problems you're having there. All you need is smoke. I don't want to play right now. I love that. Now, when you're favorite right? Yes it is. That's so chicken I get is very best man. All you need is mo. All you need is. I don't know. I love man. He sure love me. And I love him. He clearly sell mo. Michael Vicente Gazzo was born in Hillside, New Jersey, April 5, 1923. He attended the print on this fact. His so-called time yet is. Oh, but this is interesting stuff. His biggest and best acting in Kingdom when Richard Castellano refused to appear in the Godfather part 2 due to a money dispute. I knew if that's why there was no Mark Clemensah. That's why there was no time haigling on Godfather 3, money dispute. Castellano's character Clemensah was killed off and got so- I don't know he was killed off. When Clemensah could kill off. I think he talked about it. Huh? Somebody will know. And got to his castes Clemensah's success in the Coralioni family in New York. Got to know what's outstanding is the old fashion-in-sophisticated mafia. See who believed he's been betrayed and marked for a death by his own. Turn states evidence against him only to honor the mafia, Codal, Omar Tye and the end. It was between the brothers, Kay. He continued to work in Films until his death. Mostly a saying mafia boss is another criminal types. On film though he was able to break out of type casting his frequent telephysn appearances and play good guys. He died of a stroke member of 14th 1995, the home town of Hillside, and the age of 71. Frankie Pentangely, he's dead. What is she? What an unread city if you are told. Nobody will just forever man. That's the way it goes. Even a good guy like me is going to be around forever. Damn it. Five, six, seven, old five, sixty. I think for a lot of people like my mother. She used to say all the time since you brought my mother up. If I had to go and shoot myself. If she told me that once she was told me a thousand times. And I kept trying to, I gave her all these maps of all the pawn shops and 441 right up the road from where she was. And she never got to damn him. WCWM, hello. Love line, hello. Look at that, that thing never even fired up there. QM, hello. Hey Leo, how are you, buddy? Okay, sir. Hey Leo. I was, when I was about 10 years old, I'm sending you up. When I was about 10 years old, he had a low in the cellulins in Staten Island. And we did the wintertime. We went out, my dad took me full whipwalk. And we walked upon the set of the godfather. Really? Where they were? And they had like this big, well, when the big fence all around the house, you know, made the place of really unbelievable. I remember his kid walking up to it. And it was fireball. All the stone around the whole place that they did. Right. He was like a fireball. Yeah. And we watched some film like a couple things. I don't remember any of the people I saw going 10 years old. But I, I, I, I checked that that wall. I remember I was like, where, remember that. And the other thing was, we were down. What is it? We used to come to Florida every summer for vacation when I lived in New York. And one year we were staying at the St. Bill. Do you remember the St. Bill about a car? You bet, yeah. And I passed the law on a commendo. We're there. By the pool with his kid. And he was over by a pool. Everyone was getting his autographs and everything. But she told everyone, I'm, I think that's what he said. You two, pal. Thanks. That's pretty interesting. He was on the side of the godfather. Two of us, we should get his name and phone number for Brandon. They can go and have lunch together and remember this about. Remember this about good old times, good old days. And maybe get the opportunity off the hook for old times. You know what I mean? Can't do it, Sally. Don't call me Sally. You're silly, Sally. You're silly, Sally. There's good one right now. How come I keep, now I know there's a lot more from the movie on here than just as part with him. They can balance their commitment, their name of it. And then we deal with that scores. Oh, yeah, Bob, I'm gonna jump. Go. But you know something, all those angry actors, you know, they've spent a lot of energy. And then he had a stroke, you know. You think that has something to do with it? Probably not, but it sounds really good. The big stick. Can you talk with a boy? No. This station presents, real American heroes. You're a man, you know. Today, we salute you, Mr. Nun, Irish Saint Patrick's Day, celebrate it. Not Irish Saint Patrick's Day, so the breader. So what if you're six foot four? The blonde haired, blue-eyed, with the last name of Google Shriver. On March 17th, they call you Mick Google Shriver. She's cognitive, I was here. Your ancestors tried to conquer the Irish, Mr. Nun Irish, Saint Patrick's Day, celebrate it. No, you're stealing their holiday. I'm with a kiss me, I'm Irish button. She's my party, don't you say it? That plastic lever can't have isn't fooling anyone. I'm going for you. Yeah. So this Saint Patrick's Day, they proud of your heritage, enjoy the green beer, and drive this Snakes away from your party. Snakes like Mr. Nun Irish, Saint Patrick's Day, celebrate it. A real American hero. Mr. Nun Irish Saint Patrick's Day, Saint Patrick's Day, Saint Patrick's Day, Saint Patrick's Day, Saint Harry and Go Bra, pose all over. Where are my family? Would I be one my back? I want those ones out of blood and stick. No. More. More. What's pretty one if I, more, and I thought this name was Michael. More, more like more to the Downey Junior, like more in this bomb. More in this bomb in Rochester, New York, and WBBF. 11.5. See all this old stuff, just like you were saying, you were picking on poor chicken at this morning before the show. Paul is old, ancient stuff, and nobody knows about nobody cares about me. No one? And that's part of the charm of the show. That ain't that old. That's always been what? No, they got out father. No, I'm not talking about what? Nothing wrong with the godfather. You'll be pleased to know, by the way, speaking of the odd father. I got my shirt on. I got my pantalini's on. I got my shoes on. I got my new balance shoes. And I'm ready to rock and roll baby. It's 132-20 minutes from now. We'll be flying out that door. I'll be waiting for woodbind to find me a good my sheen. A really magical my sheen. What does this keeps? See, that's my dream at woodbind. Just find a machine that just keeps paying our jackpot after a jackpot. Here I mean? What do you mean? You know what I mean? One time that was a woman. I had this is a really ridiculous story, but it's true. Nasty, hateful. I mean, you know, some of the people in the casino are just like people in general. I mean, there's like people in this video. Bitch. She went. She is the street grand on the line on the dollar wheel of fortune, you know? And for whatever reason they were busy that they were the tenants didn't like her or whatever, which is possible. I don't like it. And so anyway, took the all-all-all time to come and find me a paper. And she they come to pay her the three grand. And she is bitching and mowing the man. I'm out of the line. It took you so long. So, you know, when you have a jackpot and then they come and pay you, they want you to hit the button again. So, you give off the screen there off the machine so that if you should walk away, somebody and people won't be afraid to sit down and play it. Okay? So they make it one more time. Play three more credits. She hits the button again. Another three grand. That's true story. Nasty. A grotesque. WQAM, hello. Hey, Uncle Dale. Yes sir. Clements again knocked off was the reason for the black arm bands. Remember? Remember? That was why 1010s were the party to begin with. Oh, that's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. You remember old man? Really cheat cheat with old man. We're all broken up about that. Frankie, how did that come out? That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that scene because I just saw it on Sunday, right? Yeah, exactly. So, yeah. So, we don't know if he died of natural causes or not, because Willie cheat she was kind of saying no. Yeah. Yeah. I hear a teacher more than one bullet for him. That's right. We'll stay healthy, Neil, and give us another 100 years. Thanks, Sally. 109. See ya. Child. Tootsins. 560, 560, pound 560, the ride we got 1187, man. 1200, like Chris is really excited about that. He's probably going to make another couple of blow me sandwiches and cheese burgers on a way out. No, I'm kind of down at the moment. You down? Yeah, we'll just start our paycheck stuff. You better kiss the ground, Mr. You're working on a high paid show like this. Oh, I'm pretty. I paid for me. I didn't say high paid for you. I paid for somebody. You better just, then you just get to tell me how what I, what the, what the, what the, what the, what did you say last week? I couldn't believe it. I don't know what I couldn't. It was just unbelievable what this man was going on about how how he thanked me profusely for giving those hands to work on a show and to get away from the sports nerd shows and to get a little bit different perspective on something else in life. Well, I was just, it was emotional man. Something about being honored and privileged. Don't call your own. Yeah, like the one of those ones. Wow, and it kissed my ring. It was disgusting. WDQA and hello. Hello. Neil? Yeah. I can't believe we're still talking about 30 going over the Atlantic suit of body and the goals. Well, you know what we're not. We're not. WDQA and hello. QAM. Hey, how are you doing, buddy? Okay, sir. Rear up for question. When you hit the spot, you hit the money. You just basically just those people are no. When you get a jackpot, of course, I get me 20 bucks. Just 20 bucks, go ahead and watch a bit. Right. Well, whatever, what do you mean by that? The most ever hit is for a grand. What am I going to give them $1,000? No, no, come on. Like 50 bucks. Get outta here. Well, when I hit five grand one time, I get the guy I think 100 or 200 bucks. Okay. Well, if you're trying to, if you're trying to imply that I'm cheap or not a good tip or not. No, listen to me. Let me say something to you. Okay. If you were to go to Woodbine and see me sitting there playing and see the attitude of like the cocktail guys and wait for us to come along and give you the free so does whatever. Those people love me. I want to take a diet coke with that. If I don't have change, I'll go and get change. I wouldn't take it in without getting a buck. Oh, no, that's good. Because we don't have to get that because it was one time I was at the spot and the lady hit like four grand and you know, Simon said that you're tip for them. This lady is being rated this guy. Really? Yeah. And I was just curious that, oh, not all you've been being there like that. That is correct. Some of the solvers are generous and some are cheap bitches like that bro, okay. And but you know, also when you lose it, you're asked nobody comes around and says, hey, can we give you a tip? In fact, that has happened to me two or three times if the regular cocktail people are coming over and saying this was on the house because you're so nice to watch them when they won't take the buck, you know, because I'm just a diet coke is not a big deal. But because they like me because I and they like me because I'm generous. That's why not that I want to be a big shot. That's why I'm such a hot shot. That's a big radio star from Miami like Frankie Pentagely. But just because that's me, okay. These people are working their asses off. So I stick a little nearer to any other trade. And by the way, I see they didn't come out in America. Finally they're coming out with another member of the Susan B. Anthony dollar that went over like a pregnant pole ball to me. Yeah. Well, the same thing with this new dollar coin because Americans are stubborn and they just don't want to change. We need a dollar bill like we need hemorrhage. Okay. Who needs a dollar bill? We don't need a dollar coin either for that. When you got to, yes, they're great man. Looney's in two of these. In fact, I'm digging in my pocket right now. I'm digging in my pocket. Here's one, two, three, two. He's at six bucks and a looney. They're seven bucks. What we use those Susan B's for the Metro Railway. That's about it. Nobody use the man. That's what they want out. So look at that. And here's another two. And they met two. And they met two. They met two. They met two. And they ate. I like that. That's not bad. It's got to ring to it. We got 1194, but if I refer to this. That's not bad news. That's bad news. Our country is a compassionate country. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I can tell us what we're killing all these people with great compassion. No question about it. We kill them lightly. I find he Python. We don't go with Aaron Bootalyze. We kill him very lightly. You know? I could all let, uh, well, whatever. We give him the gas. 1196, boy. Like I said, we'd fresher one more time. Come on. You can do it. If we get to 12, 11 is still 11. Let's go and I want these people. I think this is a game they're playing. You know how many times they've done this? We've got 22 minutes so you know we're going to get to 2,000 or 1,200. But these last four to get to 1,200 are like the still 11. I refer to it six times now. Hmm. Now I'm going to say this right now. If we can't get to 1,200 by the time we finish the break, this break. I may just have, we may just have to leave it 1.30 tomorrow. Oh, no. How come we're going to lose? We have to win that. We have to have like at least a three hour break. And still stuck out 1196. I think we've exhausted the audience. I don't think they can keep up with me. They can't handle them all. I refer to it six times, 1196. Okay, I got four minutes and let's see if he can get it up. Thank you, baby. Oh, right. You feel. Let's go, baby. We go, we, a, a round. A certain star. Doing something weird. The trouble can get you in the by itself. I can't show up at the half of your order. A richer dear. I have wrote into me. You say, way, from my technique. When you love like the star, there's no need to suffer. I just have to tell you the catch up for another. And the blah blah. Come on, do it all. We're shot here. We're shot here. We're shot here. We're shot here. We're shot here. We're shot here. Everyone else. We're here. Good job. Welcome. Can't be right now. We're making a job. Oh, one, forty five, five, sixty, WCM. We got mad dog coming up to a clock. We got the heavy duty sports dog coming man. As opposed to all this, Schviner, right, that we talk about. We waste four hours every day. And of course, tomorrow we got an early exit of one thirty that hurricane basketball game. To have a few mongers to an audience. And then on Friday, we got to the trends coming out. We said again, I'm Friday. We got those ratings coming out. Even though I'm arbitrary and capricious, maybe we'll do okay. We'll see. Twelve old nine. We got our 1200 final during the break. The city of redist holding back. Just, you know, they'd like to play the game. We rolled back. That guy that called was a kid and remember how long it was. That's the first call the hour that got it was given me that that son and Bans about love and it's just, what was there about? What was that? That definitely was my father being carnated. There's no question about that. Cooled as a block of cold as the Arctic used to be. Man. No, that's the thing is love. It's just a word. It's just need and this is oh, God. Here's what I would do, sir, if I were you. I would have told you, we have close to my temple. But maybe I'd go to temple until my brain's up. If I had to be. WDQAM hello. Let's call it serial number. See your commitment and policies and put your own jacket, which means you'll never run out of inventory again. Excellent. I can't wait for that. WDQAM hello. QAM. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. Meal. Yes, I am. That guy that I think was maybe high. No, he's old and, and A whole is what he is. Love has no attributes or whatever. Oh, hey, who knows what he, who knows what he is. He's just a coldhearted piece of crap that's trying to rationalize his old, his own behavior. Okay, and you know what, two weeks is so. And if you don't want to love anybody, that's fine. He'd be everybody or just be indifferent. Yeah, I'll be whatever you want to be. I think he was trying to sound deep, but he didn't know how. I have something to say. Go ahead, head. I want to your website. I saw that. Neal got out of the thing. Yeah, I love you. I'm not great. I want to one of our very creative of my space people out of 2454. I think you should make posters and actually. Go boards, they'll be good billboard and I'll give new phone. And it will take the money that you know could have spent. From 110 votes, 1210, WCA, you fill that alpha. Well, what am I going to be about for the golden days of AM radio? Are you puss out there? You're thinking golden days of AM radio? Who the hell are they? You're not a marvelous name, radio. Old, hard, slug us. WCA, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you're wondering about when they killed the alpha. But remember, you guys just called and told us it. So thank you very much. WCA, hello. Golden days of AM. Tell me, how are you? Yes, sir. How you doing, madam? Good. First happy related anniversary. Thanks. You're a Georgia, are you? Yo, yo. In the classics of Florida fashion, I do have to file a complaint about. I miss your friend Josh. What does that mean? Well, no, I just missed here to my hair. I'm not having a big curious. And you guys battering back and forth about the gay stuff and all that stuff. No, yeah. Nothing against a new poorly guy in the back of the day. Yeah, Chris. Yeah. I'll tell you what, Josh, listen to the headphones. Maybe we'll give you a, is number you guys can hook up. I think he's already taken with that Russian girlfriend, but he never know. Portly. Yeah. Portly, Chris. You hear that Chris? Yeah. You know, looking for a nickname, you know, all the jokes have never been. Yeah, Chris. Nobody Q, Q, I am, hello. And you better know Joe, last Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Because you sure don't, great. Okay, so we always love having our own material feedback right back at you as they say. What would you like to shut that thing off? And I really mean to do it. Oh, that was not good. I want to think of something on that. You hear anything? I have all this, that's important with time and loss. I don't want it disturbed. And you give you a loyal thing to a Jew before you under. Come on, like you know my father didn't business with time and loss. He respected him. He thought that the business was high enough. He thought that he expected I would not. But he thought that never trusted I would not. I was just saying, Mr. Mr. Boy, Johnny, all up. Yeah. Hey Johnny, all Fred or Fred or Johnny, that was a little bit of a giveaway. And then of course that brought us to that wonderful scene where they're getting ready to all bail out because of the fact that the Batista got tossed out. We're going to hell with that. All I heard is you broke my heart, Fred or you broke my heart. I know, I know. You broke my heart. You broke my heart. You broke my heart. You broke my heart. And it gives me that Sicilian kiss you know that. You know, kiss a death. Hey Fred, I'll go fishing baby. A couple more hell Mary's ought to do it. Maybe that's what I did it with my take some rosary beads. Can't hurt. You certainly can't. I'll tell you where you live. I'll tell you where you live. I'll tell you where you live. You'll act dumb. You'll weigh him, hello. WDQAM, hello. He's a good one out of inventory again. Yeah. Oh, she was loved to show that bitch. Don't be chronic now, honey. Cut the crap. WDQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What have you thought of me and you and the dog named Yopen? Never said. Oh, boy. Just die. Okay. Just go and die. Die a wicked death. It's the open guy. What were you with, Zeta? 87. So there's 30 years of the same boring crap. Yopen. Get something new, okay. You retard. You suffer or reject. You humans are race reject. Same old tyrants, swill. Me and you and the dog named Yopen. Very sad. It's the open and the open. Yeah, stick your head in the open. Okay. I think somebody beat us to it. Shmuck. But have a nice day. It's my secret. We'll say thank you very much for your call. Have a nice day. You shmuck. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. I can see the world's perfect thing to work for. We ought to be wrong. We're not good. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey man. I know you're getting more on some of this Korean calling in today. But yesterday I was doing a fine 95. Yeah. I saw this gigantic billboard. It shut up George's Robert. And the giant billboard had two faces on it. One was in, let's ask. Yeah. The other was some other tumult. I don't even know what was. Probably two gossip would say. Oh no. But two hours. Side of the sign was covered by complete brood droppings. Yeah, we all threw this right above this. It's painted that way to be cute to get rid of these calls. We don't need to. I know you're robbering. Very boring Robert. You're boring. So we don't care whether it's Robert. In fact, if I was you next time, I wouldn't give my name. I would want to hide and shame as opposed to give my name and get a little bit of an inflame. Flame. Oh my god. Yeah, seriously. I really, I really feel for anybody who's like captured like you guys, for example. Anybody who's captive audience down there and has to be right. Economic hostages. Oh my god. It is so sad. Anyway, here's the poor result. If I got time, I don't think so. Since Neil always gives us good advice. If I was going off in one piece of advice. He has neither advice. He knows it all. 396. I know. Don't ever retire 203. Make the move to satellite when I do now. Still the half my space. 149. No chance. Move back to my me 58. No chance. Stay off the ice cream. 57. No chance. Return now. 49. No chance. Go straight. 48. Much less than no chance. I hate this pull 43 and stop gambling. 27. Stop going. And that's a good one to have right as I'm getting ready to make a quick run for Woodbyn. I got to my shirt. My pantalouies. My shoe. My shoes. And during this next break. I'm going to put on my heavy coat. My winter coat. I'm going to stick my pills in one pocket. And I would my wallet and the other pocket. What do you put it doing? So, let's tell. I only need to be six. We only hope. Let's go. Stay off. My heavy towel. And five six. Oh. Double you. You. A. A. A. Right. You. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Every. Tum-tama. Go. Go. Go. Take your. Take it. Which. Go. Go. Go. Go. I can't eat. Please. President. Great toolkit, emerged from it. In Cruz, he's leaving. Everyone here saw his vessel. One day somebody else told one thing that he had no marketing beforehand. What kind of passion is this? Oh, what I get to tell more once more And get to we all vote it more In your want this Don't know what it's promised to be Oh, what I get to tell more Don't know what it's promised to be Don't know what it's promised to be Please present in some Yeah, don't care what it's promised You got to me and my hooker ball I'll put the question right No one's left of you and I will help me We've got a great leader Oh, with friends and in Oh, what I get to tell more Don't know what it's promised to be Bye bye bye