Like clockwork baby. What? Oh, but where did you say you heard exactly what I said? And I never heard the end of the hook. But that's the way. Some funky things. What word did you say? And I got out. I got out. Thank God. I got out. When we met there was a sexual attraction. You didn't know I was a interchlorist man. You think I'm crazy now this way until I go away. Don't pretend you're not at home when I'm calling. And hell yeah, I'm a tiger kind of watching. I'm the only couple you and that's what I like. You want to say whatever. But you can do so much better. Try it out and you will sure find out. What a living hell with all the better. Hey, hey, you, you. I'm a tiger girl friend. And say, and say, try to get a new one. I'm talking to you. I'm a tiger girl friend. Hey, hey, you, you. I'm a tiger girl friend. That's what I need is a psychogro friend. What are you saying? You're fair. Oh, watch that. You be a 560 WQM. It's Monday, April 20, two. Man, this month is flying by. It's zoom in by in it. All right. And just think of all the travel I've been doing this month. Man, I was an Amsterdam for eight nights. I was in South Florida. I was in Prefst, just plantation acres over the weekend. I'm too excited about that. No. It was okay. Had a fine weekend. Had a fine nice time. But it was a couple days here in a couple days there. That's more. That's more than a no. It's just fine. And then we got that big announcement coming up. Everybody, I want you to start like a Daisy chain. All before I get into that about that big announcement of 230 on the Mad Dog Show and Hank's going to be there and eating a bunch of sandwiches. It's going to be great. Somebody out there has started. I don't know why people do this, but you were playing it to me before to show this go to Lawn on Lawn on Lawn on Lawn on Lawn. Lawn on Lawn. Lawn on Lawn. Lawn on Lawn. What are you talking about? It's a fan site. They love you. Neil God fans. My space site. And I ordinarily wouldn't give a craft. Some of some lady, uh, Jeannie, I guess. She kind of like gave me a heads up on the thing was there and I took a look at it. And I don't like the fact that it says, this is the place for the Neil's fans to a meet and greet. Yeah, that's below me. But the only baby even ask your marino is that we got the Neil Rogers, my space page, the show page. The God father and the whole deal. That's the place to meet and greet and eat and tweet and greet. And right you directly get a response. What would you want to go to some airs on the way? The one jack ball that gave me a song and an answer about how I'd say I respond to everybody and never respond to him. I'd to break the news to you. That's because you were sending all that stupid ass maple leaf trivia about Darrell Sittler and craft. That's why I didn't be so on. Oh, see, I caught you. You didn't know the answer. Oh, please stop, you know. Yeah, you made the show as between 10 and 2. That's not a video show on there on that thing. Whatever the thing is. You know the thing? So the Neil God fans page. I just if you and I noticed Johnny G was on there. And he didn't even Ricky was on there. Which I thought Ricky would know better than that. Come on, Ricky. Boychup a little bit. Cut the crap. But there was like 153 people on there already. And I don't know where the hell it came from. Some guy named Nick. He sent me messages this morning. He said, oh, well, just it's no crank. It's no this. We don't need any additional pages. Okay, if you want it. Potski around on there. Go ahead. You go on. I got one Chris has one Josh has one. You know, we're all there. I got one. I know you do much, but I got one. Yeah. Make a most of it. I heard. Anyway, here's let's get the ball rolling here. Because it's 230 this afternoon. We got a major major announcement. I can't imagine what it could be about. What, you were reading the last episode. Yeah. Yeah. You know, what are you people going to stop at the audience? Okay. Everything's a big secret. I know. Even on board children. Even on board. I know what the press conference is about. But, you know, it's not official yet. Well, but it's not a bullet. Well, it's not a bullet. It's okay. You know, and that's the way you're very jackass. Has that column about it from the hero from over the weekend? Well, you've movie did. Okay. I will. I don't have any idea what it's all about or if there's any accuracy to it. But I'll read it eventually in my pile. In time. Is Linda Blair said. And. I remember that. I love that. What's the draw open and that little thing? A little dresser? The people still call those a dresser. I guess they do. Yeah, I don't know because I'm old and funny, study and I use a lot of expressions that are out of our touch with reality day. They're out of sync. Oh, geez. Speaking of Baghdad and Iraq and stuff like that, things are going incredibly well. Although I don't know what this has to do with. I want Baldwin and at horrible tape. Give us something seriously. If you want to take the world seriously, you're going to be a crazy person. I'm telling you that's great. Get the thing we don't just. I sure don't anymore. I used to, you know, back in the day on W. News and trying to save the world and put to the dating and screaming and getting on the air. And well, what's the point? What is the point? The world is a crazy house. It's a freaking slaughterhouse man. All the stuff that's going on. And of course, we kind of set way. And we had to have the U.M. Virginia Tech baseball games take place. Right, Chris? That had to go on. Of course. And I noticed that even during the graduation ceremony, whatever was it, the very end of a hokey. I like it. So you say, you want to say everything is a chant in the cheer. That makes everything that much better, doesn't it? Go ahead. You know what sounded a little bit hokey to me. But what do I know? At least 24 people died in 51, didn't force suicide. Vomitsacks in Iraq today, including an attack that killed the high-ranking police officer and the D.L.A. province police. And in the co-zoners a lot more, it's all bad news, but nevertheless. Even that wimpy Harry Reid from Nevada, he said it right. He said the war is lost. It's been lost for a long time. What war? You know? Just a bunch of crazy people killing each other because they didn't have a dictate. They needed a dictator. Even though he was evil and we put him in the first place, they needed him. He was a good guy. And now he's hung. How about William? Is he hung? Here is your pull from Friday. By the way, I understand George Davis sensational show on Friday. I just made that up. I know. I'm just laying out. I wasn't there. I know. I was in transit. I was on route. Here's the pull question, which method of marketing annoys you the most? 1556 votes. What was that all about? We'll be lucky to get to a thousand are even showed today on this crappy pull I made up. Why do you really make it up? It's an old one brought back. How can you have a sex pull and it doesn't have a million votes already? Really? About sex. How often do you think about sex? I never stop. Right. That's what I voted. I'm thinking about it. Every waking moment. I'm thinking about, mmm. Get this one. That's right. We're here. Which method of marketing annoys you the most? Do you ask? And I'm glad you did ask that because, you know, City, I don't know if the advertised on the station or not same thing city bank, but anyway. Well, I was home over the weekend. I must add like 45 million calls. Is someone selling air? Yeah. I think there's city bank calling about a special deal. We got to take your deal. Take your card. I know exactly what that credit card will fit real nicely. Right. Oh, yeah. In the slot. I'll just went to Papino Saturday night to go to the slots and plund my guts out. And then I thought, well, you know, I can lose so much of wood by and here. Why do I want to do that? I rather spread it around here. Follow what I'm saying. All the way to the state of Joseph. They're gulping didn't do it right. And Papino did as far as the slots and the facility and yaddy adi. And when they date Joseph says something nice about Papino. It's a miracle because years ago they fired some a lady friend of his. I guess was in confident or whatever the deal was. They fired it. And from that moment on, he's always written for you. For a negative tour of things about Papino for it. So screw you today. But nevertheless, which method of marketing annoys you the most. Automated computer phone calls 455. Human telemarketing for a hundred and twenty nine. I don't know that's too such a thing as human telemarketing. I would call it more like subhuman right marketing. I hate those people. And I you know something. I know they're doing a job. They got a you know, I don't know how to get paid or whether they get. I don't know how that works. They could choose a different job that they know. They are knowing people. They know that. they know that they can hold it all right so are we no yes they have an option what I call it what do you mean they have an option so do we we could be out there peddling grapefruit or something right sidewalk coconuts human telemarketing foreign to 29 so those two are pretty that it's the phone thing baby it's the phone don't be and I'll tell you what other also bugs me is like a little while ago here I'm an image to some very important serious uh... right no goofy uh... what all i thought you're talking about the other business text miss you know not that business text messaging back and forth and uh... get a thing from a heart stakes again i don't want your meat okay don't you understand i don't want no uh... meet from a lost days i don't want your brought that i want your states i don't want you here i don't want it and i started from the moment they get to the point where they annoyed hello you don't want it no more on it and what i do want that in a minute internet pop up stood in twenty yet those annoying now if you use fire fox you don't get to hardly any of that you know anybody that still using internet explorer i don't get scary you do that's like that like wearing knickers that's like i that's like men wearing two piece bathing suits of the beach no one in my world is except for the low is that it blows by risk of fire fox is the way to go in the pop up to twenty eight junk mail one sixty eight door to door solicitors one forty four they don't allow that my building here and thank the lord of that don't you ever come and not get on my door unless you got something really good to put a i can think of some people if they came not get on my door like my friends from Amsterdam for example they came not gonna my door be george it like right now jord is doing a show on busy what he laughing about listen this is serious business this is not a laughing matter serious question of priorities there's something's important to me and uh... you know doing this show is only all right by the way that's another thing i should probably talk about is my call from jallie jobelon said it anymore got a headache rate saturday everybody normal commercials ninety eight in four commercials twenty yeah i mean uh... because you don't have to watch those right i mean you got seventy thousand channels if you have a good cable system if in four commercials twenty and tear off envelopes fourteen well what i don't even know what that means so if all that and when we were talking about it you know when you go to pay your bills that got like an ad attached the envelope and quit being such a well you can be you wanted it on there so there you go come on good good that's a pathetic but that's just a softball to ambiance and oh and you know something no i don't yesterday morning see the interesting part of it is because i i'm a while i got on this time skiddle by would go to bed over the weekends uh... Friday serenance and yeah and serenic like a eleven o'clock at night and i'd wake up at seven which is nice that's a nice even eight hours okay and i wake up at seven of course why you know not just woke up i was also left out so yesterday morning i put on little uh... close my walking shorts and my shirt and my uh... cloud hoppers and i go out and i get my newspaper my driveway well a guy that was kitty corner across the street an interesting part of it is my friend birdie used to live over there in that house to houses a way remember we talking about birdie and the center of music guy great guy well he moved away and i don't know who the center guy is but anyway the guy's walking his dog like a little uh... black scarier whatever those black dogs are small and i reached out pick up the paper and i look and he looks at me and said morning and he didn't even acknowledge my existence you know i mean i thought i must be in south thought i better get out of here and so i zoomed their fort and is a last night i was winging back to tarot away where people are polite and nice and friendly and not suspicious and i a whole man well what is that if somebody says good morning you and they're like a neighbor i mean it's not like i was looking in like a uh... yeah yeah like like evil or something and i thought to myself this is just what i've always talking about what everybody talks about such as me okay it's not because i'm a little bastard and people hate me like poison because i got a big mouth in the stupid brain it's not just because of that that's that's a big part of it but don't forget to 30 major announcement about something no if they give me a judge has just rolled in the paternity suit over and in a close trip and the final and let me ask you this now that we got that riddle so what are we gonna do about Alec Baldwin? Nothing? What do you mean nothing? And I'll and then we're showing that I never finished my thought because I like my mind wanders because I'm old and soon out but I never finished the thought about that but when it went oh and guess what's going on today I forgot to mention it. Are you aware of it because Miguel said me and you mean you were far? Huh? There's a forest far going on away across Georgia on CNN but who cares about where cross Georgia? That's probably in your aim tree. Yeah just as well but at any rate so Ron and old Paul are doing an 85 hour journey. We're probably not on Friday somebody called up and said that. Oh give me up to the half hours. Oh boy. How many days is that good last before they both collapsed? I mean even when Howard was on he would go on and on and anything else Robin anything else Robin? You know and finally he would just give about 11 of 10 15 10 30 once in a while maybe 11 and he starts at six. So if you thought it was 10 before. Five 30 till noon so if you think I hope that they're taking notes now because if you think there will be a lot of other people's material over a four hours before five six and a half hours of old Paul and ancient Ron you people got to be kidding me. See this is the answer we're going to knock that knee a roger is right off the air. There was something go ahead give you your best shot. Anyway here's today's pool Ron and old Paul my ass. Well thanks for the promotion man and that's always the way PD will do look at it like they would send me a phony press release like it was you know like an inside and it would be coming from then. Oh Neil will talk about it in the air. We'll get a big audience. Just like man cow would his 0.1 share. All a point one that doesn't even that's not even up to tickle the transmitter tubes. That's not even up to tickle your shoe. That's right. That's even worth an hour learning show. Now why did you do that? Why did you do that? When we have this big announcement coming? Why can't you stop in such a relentless bastard? Jesus God are you brutal. Anyway here's today's pool and this is an oldie that I brought back because you know to be very honest with you I wasn't really thinking about this place or the weekend. It's just one of those things I was I was not in a case but I was down there you know. I was thinking about getting out of there as of yesterday. 606 votes on the pool so I brought back an oldie but goodie how often do you think about sex? It's been a long time since we've been at pool. It's been a raccoon's age since we did this one. How often do you think about sex? Several times at 8.5 and 50. 9 stop 184. Now that was my vote even though I mean it's a little bit of an exaggeration but not much. Right much. And if I'm still thinking about stuff about Frankie Spanky that was to show it in my advanced stage there's hope for everybody okay think about it if you can't do it at least think about it. How often do you think about sex? Once you're twice today 78 sell them a 39 and never never be I nine out of 660 votes. How could after they'd be anybody? Well maybe they're like 100 years old. Maybe they had an accident. In their pants? Well in that area you know. War will you know you know you know could be one of several different kinds of interbular or war or fence jumping into the oh geez. Oh there's the epistop caveman. You know I'll be honest with you. It's like you know it reminds me of it's like um who wants to be a millionaire? Something works well. So let's just drive into the house. So we're doing it right? I'm I was you know he was great in the beginning you know the one on the one the moving walkway and a year before. Yeah with that what's what's the name of that song we got it in here? Remind me by Royks. Royks. I remind me yes. By Royks. Royks. They're door weijers. They're weijers. Yeah they got like little dots over the hill. It was crap like that. Yeah see that spot was good. He gets pissed off and he backs up and he looks a maybe a caveman can do it. He's got that exesprit look on his face. Of course if you're sitting on a plane he gets on probably everybody builds on anyway. Wait a minute. Hey back in. Oh nice George nailed it. Let's the right on the count. The potting. Home and rocket safe. A city talk of solid retirement. Oh you can. Well good back in the day. That's anyway that's my take on the pistol caveman too much. Too much of a good thing and you think that guy could know better because they're advertising agencies sensational whoever came up with all these different all this all this quality things you know. 664 votes on the full crystals will get to a thousand these positive of it aren't you? Definitely. Let's take a look at the schedule here today. You would think when you think now are we running like liners on this about the 230 thing? Of course we are. Oh because there's certainly nothing in print on here. It just says Jim managed to to four power hour with mad dog and hang four to five. Humper five to six 30 eaten a whole bunch of balloony and Swiss sandwiches. Marlon's on deck at 630. Marlon's in the brave's at 705 that's a home game. Marlon's actually won a couple of games over the weekend. Wow we wow any interest. No. And then again that after the ball game with it he came. How about those Marlon's? A very jackass says I'm gonna save this for him for the break because I was told just go ahead and read it I got it in my pile. Like after that I have to ask for permission to read this from Clearen Street in Dero. I'll ask the committee. Oh so I never got to the part about my phone call with Joe Bell in 30 morning. Did I know you didn't? Well Friday night I'm checking my email and I look on my Yahoo email and there's a note from Joe Bell from Friday afternoon about two or two or five. And if you get a chance you're over the weekend call me a couple of things I want to talk to you about. And I thought oh boy here we go you know those kinds of messages are very rarely anything good you know I mean right. So it's like well why did you do this and how come you call me a fat ass? All or he doesn't do that he accepts that because he's a fat ass. But anyway so I try calling Friday around nine would now and how late would you call somebody? All 10 would be the upper limit. Leave it stand. Well I try to run nine that's not too late right? No and then Saturday morning I'll early would you call somebody because I will be so like I tell you on a Saturday morning again I'd give until 10 to wake up. Oh well I try to about nine 30 that's not that. That's not right around a couple minutes to 10 he didn't pick up on himself. Old people like Joe they wake up early anyway. Family people people of families the kids always get you. That's what I'm second right guys in his position don't sleep until noon you know very rarely right. But anyway so so then around 10 30 my phone rings and of course I had an extraordinarily important lunch to head off to which about 10 to 11 I left the house and 10 30 there's the phone there's Jolly Joe. Fat ol Jolly Joe. And you can you can always tell by the son and somebody's voice you know with their really chipper. Oh you know to do his usual aclarabella routine and he was like an a wonderful mood and he told me a couple of things that are going on one of which you might find out about a 230 I can't imagine what it is and then and then he said he's meeting today meeting Monday today with the normal camp to extend my contract maybe to talk about it and I started laughing hysterically and I just yeah I said what time is your show on that one of the sense of humor you got. Especially with all the cramp that's been going on lately you know like for the last hundred years but at any rate I said sure no problem let's get with it and I called up normally yesterday and he said oh I got the message from Joe but my phone is stuck between a seat to my car you know you talk about just a knucklehead you know knucklehead that's normal he had he had a voice mail on there but the phone got lost between the seats in his car and so you know what he did what he from inside the house he called his cell phone and he listened to the messages all right not worked sure it worked but I thought to myself my life my livelihood my future is lying in the hands of this group all hang on you fairer good god he's alright he means well he's a good to get guy 681 on the sex pool here today let's start thinking about sex in fact even better than that let's stop thinking about it let's start doing it you got you fairer folks who watch you America's next top model introduce America's next top clown starring Tyra bags okay judges what do you think of Blinky's performance Ronald McDonald's Blinky it was just art for me the baggy pairs are the bomb but spray in the cell suit bottle it's been done somebody done did it okay it was too rodeo clown for me you got to step it up if you want to be America's next top clown who and finally crusty spit take this terrible my grandmother can do a better spit take and she's in a coma why does it get hot to the next round and who gets fired out of the cannon so we're gonna go to see even exclusive contract with ringley brothers circus and it's tiny car for you and 20 of your friends who will fill the big floppy red shoes to become America's next top clown tonight after project I wrote I guess who died Boris y'all since did only have what about 75 heart attacks and 42 stroke right just minor things all of these things much that was a hard drink and men was you hard drinking man lot of work just like uh... jr.s girlfriend yeah i'll correct you when you say something wrong why not be picking on uh... jr.s girlfriend all pic on her all right yeah but you would everybody to rather once uh... their hands on a rush in the boop uh... i better take a look at his website take a look at her she is fine as you see there are a couple pictures there that do her justice although i've been in some of some better outfits than the one she's wearing in those people how about seeing a picture where she don't have any of it by the way be sent out i see mail thanking me for taking her with dog and sitting in that check which uh... if you don't have a yet eleven and i didn't even send it to you this time i sent directly to him which means somebody on a ship and never get it right i use a piece i beg you for a set out of the go any yeah i got a piece for you six hundred ninety seven votes big in a piece uh... thinking about sex is nine non stop is in second place several times a day that was healthy that's a good sign for the options did to which we can only say all the tears in a heaven's hat you know they just shoot him with that i said babushka on what is it with the uh... european and and and will speak for hats at the Russian thing it's gold there those big babushka's it is right there especially in Siberia your people like those big fur hockey was in a group of shots that they sent us a barrier for short period of time like a lot of the yeah they have you not sure that was like how about we send them to Siberia that sounds really good to me uh... let's send bushing to Siberia where there will be safe anyway don't be starting along that okay let's get to the big announcement here okay dolphin now but this is again this is just conjecture because i'm not supposed to be seen anything uh... you know definitively because then nobody of two and two thirty here the big announcement which i don't even know what it's about you lie there lie i'm lying we know what it's about so to everyone you if you don't know your don't listen to us but you know that's clarison that's the whole deal a lot of people are not care you know you better get with the program is throughout the fended you for a hundred and seventeen years or whatever it's been but now you're like step-and-right on the line your toe is right up against the upper right over the line to sure is very jackass was this is Saturday's paper or whatever i don't know and i really don't care doesn't make a difference anybody read the here not a safe and iq large than their thumbnail dolphins moving back to w q a after two year since is very with seven i need a ticket dolphin broadcast return to q a much could mean demanded to return on i had that thing all set on air and an oj's you side track me somehow when i said you managed to might return that's what i was gonna play but nevertheless dolphins moving back to q a much buried the dolphins are moving their games back to w q a five sixty and informed and comes right over seven nine to the ticket of the season on friday according to the anxious dual fineberg president of the ticket dual five red my ass the move could signal return of analyst jim and into the broadcast both speaking of uh back to my ass five or two of the offer two point two million dollars a year well below the three and have many paid last season when you lost his ass five or two of the week you and i've been in but two a much agreed one of your deal to climb to comment again this is all very jackasses column from the hero and i don't know nothing and if you believe that you'll believe in i try not to lie but in this case i'm lying like crazy are i might not not yes i am the dolphins decline comment but announcement is expected today two three the section on right here on five sixty w q a m and you know the first often game oh and you know something you're out of think about that too about my dolphin season tickets because last week is what we didn't have the games i took the cash and moved the tickets and says part of my contract part of my deal my fine deal but uh not that we're gonna have the games back again it might just be the tickets once again and the first often game it is in London hmm i don't think too many people are gonna be going to be going to land home game well i i from what i had to admit it not to find the better not say it because we're we love the dolphins don't we we love the dolphin they are the best yeah let's play along i still like those paypets there a lot find where who station had dolphin games the past two seasons said that if he he he told the team if it wasn't given a decision by five p.m. Friday he would pull the plug on dolphin programming what a best don't know what of maniac dolphin's president Brian we'd admire informed him decision at four fifty five p.m. he waited till the last bit of moment four fifty five p.m. I'd like that nice going Brian the dolphins who controlled the announcer hire is would like to retain play by play voice Jimmy syphilis and a cephalo and w q a m is believed to be receptive the team and station also respected approach managed about returning to the brok with an happy something great one more for the west coast thanks man did too host an afternoon talk show on w q i'm according to very i mean that's really well for found nice going very said Friday he would be interested in return to the current analyst role that he held for 13 years before the team over the ticket in 2005 and gave the job to what's morning host yes not one person has talked to me about anything made it said i would need to know some of the facts just the facts man is that what he said yes according to industry official w q a m is also respected or explore the possibility of hiring rose and creating a three man both of syphilis cephalo managed and rose he had to stop calling Jimmy syphilis now he did stop calling for those names rose is seven ninety contract on oh jeez never had to tell you something which i'm sure somebody already told you about this the allow just don't say anything stupid wrote i'll say you're doing a tomorrow morning yeah yeah roses seven ninety contract runs through release of ten ber five rips i keep roses a priority i love joe he said i don't see him even entertaining offer unless it's twice what i'm paying that's what the silly as dual finder said of course i don't know anything about that right don't be too right now finder said he lost money on the dolphins wasn't comfortable offering anything close to last season's rights fee finder could be negotiated the contract last off season and exchange for financial concessions allowed the games to be soundle cast on big one was six one and i guess couple hours one pollen rhom hard on you know there are what are they on twenty eight hours it ain't up to them unbelievable that's got a really do it nice going over there cheap channel stupid it was in the best interest of the station to not enter a plead it to enter a plead the uh-huh not to enter a deal with the dolphins that would be a loss as soon as the pen at the paper finder said still finder said he felt strong along during negotiations on very upset he said i gave them blood sweat and tears for two years harming jimmy siffalo who belongs in a funeral home he so did i gave them the world he belongs in a funeral home i'd be like that nevertheless he's saying jimmy is a stiff i don't want to find out all they care about his money he said they think they're so high in lighting and taking flex their muscles and get whatever they want from whom they want they don't care about anybody else's business or situations or needs said they cry baby joe fine bird where where oh what i what a what a cry baby jesus got all mighty the ticket dolphin show from seven nine p.m. week nights which was part of the right still to go off there immediately finder said wqm is expected to carry regular dolphin programming with details and been disclosed finder said addition to his offer two and a quarter minute uh yeah two and a quarter million annual rights fee he also offered to have written sixty grand in hospitality and silence cost and to cover the salaries of the announces finder said that dolphins open some new door sent to some national business but said i'll be a better station without without all financial losses wqm thinks if i don't have the dolphins over a business i'll survive and prevail he said well we'll see about that joe won't wait we'll see who cares the ticket steal with it often concluded the station from pursuing rights to other teams without that restriction to take in my pursuers rights to the marlins or in the final year their deal with wqm to which we can say yeah oh oh oh i'd be like that the final year of the marlins any interest we got the marlins tonight marlins in the brave 705 with a pre-gaming 603 any interest anybody gonna be there some brave friends from the marlins especially those are against we love the marlins daytime games so anyway those are dolphin tickets yeah better find out about that because you know like he's usual and you better give the bad news to jask court is that he's like down on the list now he's not i'm just not gonna hand him over to him you know like i didn't have i've been doing that last couple of years when we had the games yeah i guess you have well i have to see if there are other people might want them you know i'm saying like me no no chance no chance for us don't take it first all as you want to there was no chance in your pants okay okay i'll have to find out if there are other people might be interested in those great dolphin season tickets those boxy's was and you know we're never done i'm just assuming we're gonna have them assuming we had that often games well i have to say two little two thirty to seven no well wait yes absolutely to find out what the real announcement is that very that was just a column by very jackass in the hero you know which may or may not have had some substance some effects some uh uh right right well it's so silly the whole you know just the way we do everything so silly but everything is gonna be a little a little mystery and intrigue otherwise it's no fun twenty before eleven and five sixty double if you have over yet two thirty the chef no major big announcement coming on q amp big time you're doing a lot of different ways i want to thank my guests today now you're the one who was betrayed yes and you're the partner who's betrayed from your relationship of course and anytime so if you've been with another woman since you've been married more than a thousand more fine Hillary was a great ride but not good enough so i didn't make you feel very very ugly she says he started gagging at the side of her body flabby stomach sagging chest stretch marks she was a hey she spent twenty grand on plastic surgery hoping her husband would only have eyes for her yes but she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful no because you've cheated since the surgery right i couldn't stop now this woman that you were with Monday night this was three women three all one time of course okay i'm never wanted that night to end are you listening to this yeah are you got a serious decision to make he believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored you need to go to abortion move on are you willing to do that are you absolutely not in the understand he was with somebody Monday night you that i did Hillary was all for it in fact i procured women for bill i was so proud of her okay i mean are you cool with it yes if not i would be gone exactly uh we got this person that we got here right now we wish he be gone real fast real soon but nevertheless guess who i watched yesterday i watched your step on top of us boys he boring or what yes it was just done you know there's just not a whole lot of selection on there until the game start to la hockey stuff and i'm sure you watch a lot of those hockey playoffs right didn't see any panthers in there didn't see any make believes in those playoffs but nevertheless seven hundred thirty six votes on our sex pool today and go Thompson rights time to rethink our gun laws should i read a no Thompson common in what a subversive ocean i know recon agitator is that what he is i think so ocean for rocket or whatever happened to um to live a fatherly it didn't need die did he die no only hope in fact in honor of big fatherly's memory let me see if i can find that he's an ocean for the october had a great voice you had a with that so people with great voices just you know die they die and because they're such a big ash hole it's just you know you gotta sign it over the weekend there's a word i can say you know right that's because we have an ask to pick up don't say i'm not going to be like duty bag that's that's very bad how child is she out is it i sure hope that doesn't interfere with my 45 year extension of ideal i'm gonna let the hundred and twenty just to and you know i'm gonna start doing it i'm gonna start eating like two letters leaves a day that's right i'm gonna go on to my important lunches what that's right low cow baby that's what doctor's son j pooped a says an innocent pooper and all those other idiots on cnn yeah like i said don't worry about all this crap and we're although don't need a lot of my tuberaco bamba that's what we want to do i'm going to send a check to his campaign are you pleased with that good in fact whatever money i was going to leave you in my will i'm going to instead that's fine for a quote uh... give it all to them uh... just relax with you please you're so uptight man you are so uptight and you're close personal friend who was over much of the week at a my house we talked about you at length oh yeah and then the other my other friend who lives in my house we would uh... you know kind of like a interject like well we think uh... jarges line we think davis line we are all full of crag yeah just just relax okay very well so uptight about my money you know if i'm not on the I've worked all those years to make $1 billion, okay? Why do you keep saying that? I've never been uptight about your money. The head you're not, all right. Chris, is he uptight about my will or what? As long as he's in a heat, doesn't care. Okay. That's the good way of putting it. Chris starts the week with a great comeback. Excellent job, Chris. From now on, the rest of the day, if I were you, I'd shut up. What kind of food you got today? Oh, and also, you never told me that melting pot was coming on Friday. Somebody mentioned it through, did we? You never told me that? Did you know? Yeah, I knew. And how that worked out. It worked out great. And, uh, it's both kinds of cheese. Mm, great. See, and I'd die a bit of condition. I probably, it probably wouldn't be a real good idea for me because there's desserts, you know? Mm-hmm. Dipping and talking in those chocolate fondos. It or not they go there, you know, you don't have to have the dessert. Yeah, right, give me a break. I know, I know. I know, I know. Yeah, yeah. Are you an actual crazy person? Or what? As if I have to ask, Doug Thompson speaking of crazy people says, time do we think our gun laws? He says it is time to reconsider how we sell market and license guns in this country. That's so easy, correct? I say this is a lifelong, hunter-long time member of the NRA and owner of enough guns to armor revolution in a small country. But that's a good thing to know when they come to take him away. It's good. Nice going, Doug. He says, like it or not, guns have become away to settle grudges and cheap notoriety, advanced causes, and express oneself in our violence, prone, society. That's so easy, correct? For years, the NRA and other pro-gun activists have argued that tightening the gun laws in this country that only make it more difficult for law by the citizens of our weapons. While criminals would be armed in a threat to society, that argument became moved last week when the show we show used, that doesn't sound like the right name, is it? I mean, I know the swing, I don't know. He swings with this thing. Used to hand guns. He purchased lead to gun down 32 fellow students and faculty members of Virginia taken by Spore Virginia. The worst mass killing out of school campus in American history. Oh my God. Virginia's background tricks system on by the State Police and consider the model for the nation didn't know anything about shows metal problems because he's one and only hearing before a judge didn't qualify for inclusion in the record. Yes, that's a loophole in that state and federal legislators now scrambling to close, but even when it's closed, it won't be the only loophole in laws that put too many guns in the hands of too many people who have no business owning or carrying weapons. That's so easy people with guns. It's the American F and Way baby. Crazy people with lots and lots of guns. All right. Virginia writes a Thompson. It's also a concealed carry state. A place where anyone with a relatively clean criminal record and half day course in gun safety can obtain license to carry a concealed weapon. That half day course teaches the basics of gun safety along with some rudimentary target practice. It does not prepare for a prison for a potential life-frenning situation where he or she may be threatened with weapon and afford to defend themselves. You have some pro gun advocates claimed that a student's in fact, a Virginia tech had been allowed to pack heat. They would have stopped show before it took out 32 lives. Virginia delegate Morgan Griffith, the ultra-right wing leader of the Virginia Republicans, tried to emulate the legislation from the general assembly. They would give the students the right to carry a concealed weapon. Fortunately, it failed a pass. Oh, that's my book. You got to let our palate. Yeah, I've got to pay you know. That's my park in spot. If Griffith and his cronies have been allowed to turn tech in when armed can't the odds were good, that the body count would have been far higher. Campus police spend most of their time breaking up drunken brawls at front parties in athletic events. They've shudder with the thought of adding concealed weapons to their volatile mix. Hey, that's my girlfriend. You like fun all of this. Pally? My dead palay, yeah. I mean, the fact that there are people crazy enough even suggest those things is very scary to me, but nevertheless, anyway, the last step to part of this to do Thompson PC is I'm not advocating a ban on guns far from it. But I do think it's passed on that we take a long hard look at the laws that regulate the sale of guns, all guns, to those who hunt those to target shoot and those who feel need to set up an armory in their home. We license people to drive in this country in some states require multi-day course and drivers education to obtain a permit. Those same states will take away a license to drive for even misdemeanor violations of traffic law. We have nothing short of a serious felony, confronted the persons ability to own or carry a firearm. And nation where too many guns threaten the persons security, but citizens, it's time to reconsider laws that allow too many murders and too much violence as Doug Thompson. You're about to be brought there around them, obbaby. Yeah, you like I said, when you go to civilized places like Canada, for example, and sure there are some shootings here and most of those guns come from across the border from the U.S. from Detroit and Cleveland and places like that, mini soda. Now, where did you live in Montana, right? Right. Nobody has at least one gun, even the little children. I'm saying like probably there guns being smuggled from it, it's a real beauty of Montana. Being swaggered across the border in a can of day. I can't imagine they have their own in Canada, don't they? In that area? The hunting area? There's an all-emreadneck shelter like in Calgary and then there's like that. So plenty of gun racks, well, we'll say it's a ranch one. Medicine hat. How about moves? We should go. There are a few different things, though, that most of the people who are civilized in that case. That's right. They don't say, first of all, they don't carry arms. Nobody here walks around with a piece. Okay. Well, maybe different kind of pieces. We don't know what's around with a gun. What? You're in the city where we lived. It wasn't. And a little different. People did carry their guns around in the gun rack in the car. Just in case. They carry their rack around. And first that story about the chick that was breastfeeding in that restaurant. But, Boca, it's illegal to interfere with a breastfeeding mother in any way shape or form and it doesn't matter how many nipple she has out or where she puts them. Well, I'm sure a lot of you guys are very excited and want to find out which restaurants will allow her all the breastfeeding all the time. They're all the nipples all the time. You pervert. You're not full of this old queen. I know a pervert when I see one. But the fact that it matter is why couldn't she go in the tea room? Huh? She shouldn't have to do anything except what she wants to do, where she wants to do it. She's nursing a child you pervert. You don't nurse. You don't feed a child in a bathroom. Why not eat in a bathroom? Why not? Barbarian? I know some guys who eat in a bathroom. But never less. If you were offended, you were the one with the problem. I'm not offended. I wasn't there. Let's say you were. We're in a specific standard. There was no nipples being shown. Okay. Nobody was who would put out any breasts. Well, that's too bad. Stuff like that. Get a much bigger crowd in there if they were. And I'm sure that if I, if they would have been my lunch partner, there wouldn't have paid any attention to me. Believe me. If there'd have been bras in your wifit out breasts, I would have had no conversation. Like, huh? Oh, you say something? Oh, look at that. It's not under the 61 votes on them. Well, that's the way you stray cars are. Man, if there's a nipple show on some, you know, thank God, the lost fags are like upstanding in that. That's right. And uptight. And where those real times is never think anything. You know, no, I'm sorry. We're not a bunch of perverts. Just me. How often do you think about sex today is our poll? Don't forget 230. We got that big announcement. It could be the opposite. It could be something like that. And you'll find where he's really pissed off about it. And acting like a petulant child. You know, it's one thing you get out bit or you lose the deal. They would rather be on like a real radio station. Whatever the L.I.B. Joel. But you always have to act like a like a petulant child. That's just bugs the crap out of me. Doesn't it bug the crap out of you? The S.D.X. likes such a chop. And that's the way people would lot of money generally act, you know? I want my cigarettes, Miss. Where I didn't yell like that. That crap. So 1951 votes a 61. Boy, we're a zoom in. We'll make the 1000 Chris relax. Just read these. You need some free food. Okay. Boris Jelksson. Announced his resignation as president. He's 7.31.99. And his handpicks successor. Vladimir Puntang. He's dead. Boris Jelksson is dead. How about Jimmy Jelksson? Is he still alive? You know, fix it? 7.61. How often do you think about it? It's like several times a day, 400.2. Non stop to 18. 2.18. That works for this old queen. Never stop. Hmm. Once or twice a day, it is. In fact, I'm sitting in the airport and for a lot of deal. I said, well, I better not say it. See, I have that roving eye. I mean, they just had Carl Rove. They're affected. He's on right now. Look at that idiot. Check us. I just don't miss anything. And I mean, if somebody who looks interesting to me is anywhere with and, you know, with in seeing this and some like, like, yeah, that makes you a guy. Gainer. Well, get guy. Once or twice a day, 88, sell them 44. And never, never think about sex. Still the same. And it's interesting that it came out that number. You know, this is the new launcher. So, this is the new launcher. This is the new launcher. This is the new launcher. Any questions? Oh, yeah. I have a question. Where's the bit? Wendy Harper is a real dico customer, not a professional spokesperson. So, to help tell her story, we hired a White House spokesperson. I was too houses from home when a both of lightning flash. Okay, Wendy will tell her story, but she will not tell it under oath. And you can't take any notes. A branch fell and hit the hood of my car. We're not going to comment any further. And this is an ongoing investigation. I believe my car was totaled. I'm going to have to tell you once again, we're not commenting on the situation while there is an open investigation. Yes. I thought it would take forever to settle my claim. I would refer you to my previous comment on the situation. I got my check in just two days. I can't tell you how happy that made me. Again, we can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. We can't comment at this time. Hello. Hello. Yes. The receptionist's heart here in the Stahls, J.C. Benny Westland. I was not interested because that's the one thing you did tell me this morning. The signal is screwed up. So I guess in the Stahls' Westland, I haven't trouble hearing it. Okay. Chris is back by the way. Chris is back. That's good. We know what you're doing when you run out of the room. Let's be for glory holes. Speaking of the T-Roma Westland. That's a good cue. I am, hello. Hello. That's a good one. That's on. That's on. Be reasonable. Hmm. Anybody say that to be a maker of that announcement. The story from Barry Jackass. Maddahl said nobody has talked him about nothing. He don't know from nothing. But eventually right now, they're probably having a bit of a little talk to. And I don't know whether they're going to make the announcement at 2.30. If we do have the games back. If we have the games back. Whether he's going to be on the broadcast, we can only pray. In fact, if you wanted to do something constructive right now between now and 2.30, all you people out there, all you doll fans, all you people love the Maddahl going to those games, which everybody does. I get on your knees right now. I'm afraid of the Lord. I'm afraid of Jesus. I'm afraid of Abraham's Solomon. I'm afraid of somebody. I'm afraid of Moses. I'm afraid of Moses. I'm afraid of Moses. That Maddahl's back on the games. When you agree with that, yes you would. You won't be listening. We have 801 on the pole. 801 have lots of fun on our sex pole today. We'll get a thousand-licked easy. Now who wrote this? O John Nichols in the nation. He says that we've used our in. The Bush White House pronounces the president's pleas with the solicitors response to the rabble. It is a discrete pleasure. While the president may be satisfied with the Trinity General Gonzalo's testimony of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the response is just about everyone else, including some of the nation's most conservative Republicans, was anything but positive. There's a big butt, black dome in the middle of that. The online report on the testimony at the set of the National Review of America's leading conservative magazine was headlined. Alberto Gonzalo's strikes out. The report to clear the Trinity General's testimony about his role in the U.S. Attorney's scandal has been disastrous. Just like everything else for the Bush administration, it is ZASTA. He is the master of disaster. Judging by his testimony, we hold the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday. There are three questions about the U.S. Attorney's mess that a Trinity General alverts of Gonzalo's one-sansuit. What did I know? When did I know it? And why did I far those U.S. attorneys? I'm sure the writer of Barron, York, no liberal he, as the day dragged on to become clear, painfully clear to anyone who supports Gonzalo's that the Attorney General didn't know the answers. For the record, Gonzalo's hit what many believed had been a record for don't recalling by a cabinet member per week for an oversight hearing. 64 can't recall it over members. And that doesn't count the dozens of do not remember quite recollect variations. But Gonzalo's will be worrying less about national review than about Republicans under judiciary committee. Sure Democrats would tough on Gonzalo's, but made the roughest critiques came from the Attorney General's partisan allies. The ranking Republican on the committee Pennsylvania's Arlin magic bullet specter will be Gonzalo's Thursday by suggesting that the Attorney General's account of his limited involvement in the firing of U.S. attorneys who appear to reject the White House officials are Carl Roves' demand that they politicized prosecutions was significantly not totally at variance with effects. In other words, liar liar, your patolonez are on fire. After the hearing specter said, I think your credibility has been significantly impaired because of the panoramic responses you've made. In other words, you are freaking liar, Alberto. Specter of veteran prosecutor Sagan's office testimony, racing significant questions about his ability to manage the department has been severely undercut by the way he's handled these resignations. Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn, a real Nazi, perhaps the most conservative member of the panel was not left with any questions. The best way to put this behind is your resignation, Coburn Toligan's allies. The Oklahoma rejected the Attorney General's suggestion that he was taking responsibility for the mess of department of justice's empty talk. There have to be consequences to accept the responsibility the Senator had left you. Why the rabbit response from senators who by the old rules of the George Bush's Washington was supposed to be defending a Republican presence at the Attorney General. Gonzalez brought it upon himself, John Nichol says, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, another veteran prosecutor, said he was taking a back. By Gonzalez claimed that he couldn't be called a member of 2006 meeting, which he joined top district to terminates and the discussion of the firings of the US attorneys. To see he had no recollection whatsoever with that meeting. I have to think about that, said Sessions. South Carolina Senator Lindsey, I'm a jewel in the A. Who Graham told Gonzalez during the hearing Thursday. Mr Attorney General, most of this is a stretch. I think it's clear to me that some of these people just had personality conflicts with people in your office or at the White House, and you know we made a presence to fire them. Graham didn't actually offer Gonzalez hemlock, but he did take the battle of Attorney General through a painful thought process. Noting that Gonzalez said that the decision to fire the US attorneys came down just to these, even after being the right people at the right time, the Senator left the Attorney General in the eyes and asked, if I applied that standard to you, what would you say? Call of the Gonzalo standard, now that the Senate served from the Attorney General, applying it as likely the Barb partisan conclusion that Alberto Gonzalez is the wrong man at the wrong time. I'd do like that. The wrong man at the wrong free can time. Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez, and Republicans, of course, went a mile a mile a day real fast because they're taking the heat. They're feeding the heat baby, which ties writing with our pool. Anybody out there feeling the heat? No, unlikely. Tom and a Sanford, I'm wagging us, splitting headache. You want to watch the pressure of that big press conference coming up at two hundred to serve the new. Oh, God. Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino present two movies of percolating passion and caponated carnage, copy Grindel's. First, Tammy is a one-leggedverista with a bad attitude. Welcome to Starbucks. What do you want? And Bobby has a double roasted dark side. I made this coffee grinder for your leg. Let's make a fresh pot. Together, there in a espresso machine of mayhem in Robert Rodriguez, triple latte of terror. Next, sunny like this Java and darkest is hard. Couple of coffee. Black and Betty Sue was sweetest sugar and smoothest cream. You want some power with that coffee darling? But when Betty Sue met Sunny, it would be a night she'd regret in Quentin Tarantino's death brew. Let it out! Sorry, baby. Yes, I shouldn't drive when I've had too much caffeine. Death brew and triple latte of terror, only at the coffee grind house. 117 at 5.60WQ. I'm quite a day, but a Monday, April 22nd, baby. This will be a little in an infamous, first of the cross-to-stream. We lost it off, but I think I'm not really sure. Of course, if it isn't true, they're almost he bitching about in Bully. And in other words, why are they having me do this? Why did Clarence come in there and try to make me into some kind of a clown? Do I look like a clown to you? Or does her look like a light hit in you? If I had one of them patch animals' noses, like Robin Williams, I guess I could be a clown. And you know what Gary Lewis says, don't you? Everybody loves a clown. What does that Gary Lewis know, Joe boys? I think so. Have you got that? Looking. Gary Lewis and the playboys, and of course, I know you've got a count me, and I love that. That's a great song. I have a lot of great song. I don't think he had written a great song. He was okay. He was a little bit on the light side, so the speed, Gary Lewis. So the Jerry Lewis, by the way, and he went to Vietnam and it came back. He didn't speak to any way from, like, 100 years. Well, I don't know what the clown song had for it. Now, what he got? It was traumatized. I'm not sure if it was from the Vietnam experience or the fact that Jerry Lewis was his father. What do you got? I got Kathy's clown, by the way. I really got her. No, no, no, no. What's that guy to do with Jerry Lewis and the jubilant? You wanted a clown song? I want a jubilant. You're talking about your bell. Bobby Goldberg. Bobby Goldberg. Funny little clown. Oh, Bobby Goldberg, so depressing. So it'll make you blow your mind into pressing the tricky columns and said, little bit of the clowns. How about honey? Oh, if that is the honey by Bobby Goldberg. Brutal. That is the most depressing. The only song I think it's what he's pressing is my boyfriend's back. Not not my boyfriend's back. What's the song by the, you know I'm trying to do? Oh, I don't know. Why does he stand in the ring? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. I sang along. I'm going to sing along. I'm going to sing along. There's a word you say. You're in this song. I just don't know if I can pop this. I don't know if I can pop this. How about he says? I don't know. Look it up. No listen. You listen to the word. This is like pop this ring. When you're down, I'm bringing something. John, call me anymore. I'm coming to my ring. I'm coming to my ring. Doesn't mean you want me to. I guarantee you all for your and it's got a great use in kind of one. I'm going to want to go into Portugal from the point of more information. That's enough. WCW, where are you? Hello. Hey, you know. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Remember that? Do you remember what? The group face no more. No, I never heard of it. But you left it on the oven. It should have been. No, yeah. Ah. I don't know. Yeah. Same jacket. There are many years he's been doing that. Zeta, how many years is that? Twenty freaking years. Twenty years of salute. And that's his claim to fame. The Yolvengai. Ah. Great. Excellent job sir. You're an embassil man. You're what South Florida is all about. Make no mistake about it. That's right. When I went out to pick up my Sunday sunset. And he said, I'm my, I'm my, of the stoop there. And the driveway. And my neighbor is Walton. He's a little dog. He, he, he's standing as far from me to this window in front of me. Here. You know, you could throw all rock through it. That's our close. I am to him. And I said, good morning. And he like he, it was like I didn't even exist. Not only that I had never spoken. I didn't exist. Now let me ask you something. You've seen me. Okay. Maybe not that recently. But you've seen me. Yeah. I like some kind of willow. The wasp. It's kind of hard to miss my fat ass. You know. Yep. With a good or a car at Tardom. That's correct. That is absolutely correct. And he acted like he didn't act like anything. He just ignored me. And I, I know I said allow them. You know how it is on a Sunday morning. It's real quiet. There's no traffic seven o'clock in the morning on a Sunday. Everybody's sleeping. Even the insects are sleeping. Even the grasshoppers aren't rubbing their hind legs together or my neighbors. This guy is a little bit more than the other. Who knows that? Johnny Cash. Oh, Johnny Cash. Oh. What, what is your big. Fascination with Johnny Cash. I like it. Like his voice. Like his music. Like his old. Yeah. That quivering voice. Right. He just didn't like it because he was ugly. Well, I didn't know. He didn't want to see it. But as many singers are, how many singers aren't ugly. Okay. When you come right down to it, male or female. Most singers are ugly. Right. Not tonight at Twain. No. Not secure. For damn sure. But most singers are not pat-boon back in the day. But most of them are ugly. There were a lot of things. How about Marty Robbins? Was he a good looking guy? Was he a high step? Yeah. That white girl in the pink carnation. Which is that. And at one day, you actually found that. I can't believe that. I'm not sure it's still no heaven. A white sport coat in the pink carnation. Ah! How now did you do that? It's like, man. Wow. I'm too weigh-in-no. Oh, why? Sport coat. And a pink. And a pink carnation. But he's all set to the ball. I'm well. Oh, Christ, God. Oh, God. See now, you're practically gone. That's pretty slow and fun. Where's he probably don't want to go. I know Bob. But Marty Robbins at all. Any of his tunes. Yeah. And he's ugly. So this idea that I don't want like singers that are like hot guys, like, uh, you'll make exceptions if they are like Luis Miguel. Right. And we came. We're looking at a two notes of his honey coated voice if he was ugly. Hi. Did you say honey again? I did. I did. Oh. WCQAML. WCQ. Yeah. Joe L. You have to have a good look in God. No. Is he? I'll tell you where to for. Yeah. What do you laugh at about? What do you laugh at about? Yes. You can leper it. I don't know. Well, somebody you know you're laughing like you know something. Mr. McStrow. I want to mention a devil. Leper give me a break. He might be hot as a pistol, a baby. He might be as hot as, uh, whatever that guy's name is. What's the guy's name? The, uh, I don't know. No, you know the one I'm talking about. He's telling me I'm a little embarrassed. Why? He's not excited. He's regretting hot. And so it's, uh, 18 year old wife. What is this? Oh, not that one. He's f**king over. Yeah. Oh, Jesus. He's all of a sudden. Well, at food, I ate, uh, that's all I did I weekend was eat and the dude, whatever comes out of the other hand. In an hour. A lot of people out there probably in and out over the weekend, but after where I'm talking about. 842 boats on the set. We're speaking about it. We're speaking that more depth leopard. Oh, I got a lot of depth. I have to go take another shower if you'll unclean with all that Wait, it's man. WQAM Hello, not there. QAM Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Uh, what do you think about the uh, I don't? Whatever you're gonna whatever you're gonna say, I can tell by the way you're saying it to obviously I don't. But what did I ever do? Yeah, you're an idiot. You're not another idiot. What did I ever do to you? See there, there's just like the open guy. They have one line. Hundred years if I'm on here in this market for a hundred years they'll be calling back in the 1990 year saying the same stupid crap. I mean, you know what? I really don't care. Come on, Norm. I stand at the other 50 years. Okay. I'm ready for it. I can handle it. I can deal with it. I am the man. I am the man. I am the queen. I'm whatever you want. You know. And now that I got that great call from Jolly Joe Bell on Saturday, I mean, what the hell more could you possibly want? You know? Peace on earth. Oh, in a bottle or a rum or what? He was doing like you old uh, Gorton Fisherman or whatever that thing is. Remember the Gorton Fisher? Jolly Green Giant. I think it's a good one. Or they're both of them. Ever seen together the same guy? W to Q. W. M. Hello. Here I come to save the death. W to Q. W. M. Hello. E. Your north. S. M. O. B. W. M. Hello. The Jolly Green Giant. The Jolly Green Giant. There is. Yes. You're a very controversial. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully you weren't on it. Although I would imagine probably a hundred times. I'm very controversial. I'll show what Reverend Johns and his other group of a misfits. You got years and is to look forward to okay you idiots you morons. You act holes. Okay. And I have no problem out of care. I'm just I'm just planning right along. No more complaints from this kid. Okay. Because the one thing I know about this company they won't list a finger. Well, they'll list a finger. Alright. Georgia scene which one it is too many and have it. Oh yeah. Any time George comes in the building. I know we see that finger. In fact, I think they brought in a smile group. I got two for them. They got that ceramic figure. Just like in Clockwork Orange. They had that ceramic rocking thing. I met that thing and got a picture taken with it. Last year. You made that rocking penis? Yes. I'll be damned. I'll send you the picture of it. Well, I'll pan and make the biggest star I've actually met in person. How often you think about sexes are pull question today. Several times today, 446. Non stop, 238. Non stop. Once you twice today, 100. That's boring people. Once you twice today. And might it must be either older boring or can't get later. Sell them 51 and never. We got another one. 10 people never think about sex. Can just imagine what they look like. It's good. Real American A-Holes. Real American A-Holes. We salute you. Mr. Cariokey hosts at the neighborhood bar guys. Cariokey hosts at the neighborhood bar guys. You lug your crap around night after night. Just so some drunken slub can butcher piano man. It's time to grab your horse. Your equipment is state of the art. Your karaoke collection is the best. But you are 42 years old. And you still live with mother. How it made me my day. You fancy yourself as an entertainer. But does it really take any talented, Introduce to and judge singing, Bargaritaville. Where's the song where the song there? Sure. Your cushy gift means you meet a lot of chicks. But they all smell like hot wings. And look like John Matten. So we salute you. Mr. Cariokey hosts at the neighborhood bar guy. Your myspace page. Your nine bold batteries. And your host it notes. You are a real American A-Holes. I love 32. So anyway, I'm gonna email from Johnny G. You know, I could post for a little buddy Johnny G. Yeah Johnny. Yeah. So anyway, what happened was these of people at Suradys Neil got fans, Fony Page. So they sent friend requests to a whole bunch of regular people on there, which is why, you know, somebody's regular people showed up on there. And Johnny said, well, I deleted because I thought you had something to do with it. I got nothing to do with it. Okay, it's got nothing to do with me with my life with this show with George, with Chris, with Josh, with Josh's girlfriend, with the Yamama, anybody else. So I'm just passing that information along. And if you want to confabinate on there, go ahead and have a good time. It's got nothing to do with me. That's all I'm saying. Okay. So I look kind of a disclaimer. All right. Don't forget, 230 Disacted Noon, where's the disclaimer? We got something big going on. Oh no. 854 votes. He didn't Chris has been away now. I mean, you make a run? Is that what it was? Did I? Chris. I did earlier, and then George just said, no. What? I got back in time. I made it one earlier. What is going on in that place? I think Joel Fiber, you may have a point. I think QM is full of it. We need all the excitement. That must be it. I think there's a couple of others missing on that word. It. Anyway, what now would you just say? Oh, the excitement. All the excitement coming up. I'm not going to say it. No, I mean, all right. Keep it quiet. Mom's the word. Mom's the word. Mom's the word. A fight between the US Congress and President George W. Bush over the Iraq War will break out this week. When Democrats are expected to send him a hundred billion dollars to pay for continuing combat, while a sea part of this is chopped off with drawing troops. Bush has promised to veto any bill saying dates for moving US combat soldiers. And as pathetic, this bloodbath now it is fifth year. What a democratic control panel sent in the House representatives, members, meets today. They're not differences between the respective bills. The product is expected to contain two thousand eight withdrawal dates. When in doubt pull out. Many law makers have been speculating those dates might be non binding as sketched out by a Senate pass bill. The longer we continue down the president's path, the further we'll be from responsibly ending this force, and sentimentivity leader, they have extraordinarily wimpy and ineffectual Harry Reid, who on Thursday said the war in Iraq was lost. Just like he is. He knows lost. He looks in the mirror and he says, Oh, that's lost. The Nevada Democrat who called for a change of course in Iraq made his remarks during a week, in which he invoiced traded barbs and his violence and killings in Iraq's spiked again. And respiked Jones, how about Spike Lee? Ever seen his movies? Yeah. Strictly for Goi and Baby. Strictly for Dark Goi. I've always used to go watch Spike Lee movies. How'd she like them? I don't know. You want to call her and find out. 859 votes on the pool. How often do you think about six? Non stop. In fact, right now I'd so much rather be, you know, hop on on some real hot number. And in fact, maybe even the assurbi in stud, standing whatever his name is. Just rolling around on the floor out there and then living room. That's why they call it the living room. Taffers and good living, baby. Just rolling around there screaming and yelling and making all kinds of noise. And stuff like that, you know, boys will be boys. Something to think about. Something to fantasize about. WDQAM, hello. WDQAM, hello. You've all got to get to play with power, chariot. Oh, let me ask you this. What, uh, what days are Kentucky beer? We must be away from this Saturday, right? A brazen display of something. Or have you forgotten about that? I forgot all about it. First Saturday and maybe. Now this Saturday's going to be the 20th. So I would assume it's like May a five or whatever. The number is they can be counted there. Huh? It may be. He's got to flip it. They have flip it a little bit and the calendar too. Yeah. Yeah. May five, right? May five. I wouldn't believe that's the run for the roses. I could be wrong. So you'll be confangulating with Dave Johnson. Tell them more. Oh, don't go. So if you've got it, it's too by the way. You don't want to forget that. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, I'm not quite sure. No, right. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Hi, you. Yes sir. I like curling in the derby. What do you think? Yeah. Hey George. Come down back. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Howard. That's your buddy. I know. QAM, hello. It's good to have you back from Amsterdam. Yeah, okay. Boring. WDQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. The tour of the Dolphins one. Dolphinburg, the go-fil-in, all the glory holes and the Dolphins locker room now. WDQAM, hello. We got the Dolphins. We did it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. And you wonder why I come down there like an afriting and out of there on a Sunday night, man. Oh, man. Hi. If you could see how fast I move when I'm going through that in the jet way into the plane, the one that's coming out of there, like last night, I'm zooming down that jet way, baby. Give me out of this plane to get me out of here. Please, please, please. Cracker, please. WQAM, hello. Is anybody there watching a plane in Earth on the television? No. Yeah, plan. You get that beautiful television in my desk. Can you watch some of the most amazing film ever? No. Never heard of it. Oh, great. If you had a set of some facts you called sooner, I would have seen the whole thing. I don't even know what you're talking about. I'm worried about it. So for seven more weekend, eight o'clock Sunday night, Discovery Channel. Well, I was on a plane coming back up here last night, how to help kind of watch the Discovery Channel. So they don't, they don't have to live TV on. What? It's been on for five weeks. Yeah. So I missed all the good stuff. And well, tonight nine o'clock, heroes. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, this color's so good. Yeah. And you, sir. And what do you got? What do you got, Mr? Hey. Come on. Let's hear it. What do you got? Say something. What do you got? Yeah, that's what you got exactly. We got one of those. Yeah. That was a poison brewery. That wasn't just any old raspberry. That was a poison brewer. You could smell it. These colors suck. What do you got to say, Mr? Nothing. And you want to know why? Because you know the mindless lunatic from South Florida. But I'm a little bit like that. You're a simple, didn't baby. That's the bread and butter when the meat of potatoes of South Florida. Make them a steak about it. I think what I'm going to start doing is taking a thousand calls every day. How do you like that? All just like that. Everyone of them ending with a, some kind of a berry. A raspberry, a poison berry, a blueberry, a strawberry. Right? Right? In 164 votes, by the way. I think we're going to be like 900, or about the top of the air by noon. And we still have two hours to go, dammit. Couldn't we start that big announcement like a 12-13 instead of 230? Does that sound like a winner? Yeah. Let's have a big press conference about it at 230. That's a big secret, very jackass only wrote about it like two days ago. Maybe how do we do berries? Colleague and weed, some of those nifty quotes from Joel. I'm a sore loser, fine bird. I'm a jackass. Yes, you are Joel. You're as simple as you're pathetic. You're a pathetic. All I will say is that two gods is a general manager. You know what I mean? We like, that would be like if we made Lenny Martez the general manager. Although in our case, it could only be a step up. No Saturday night for me. Yoga? Yeah, you see those, a letterman, the top 10 bush picks those are cute. That's a great idea. I didn't. I'm sure I will. Right now, just in case you want to turn on some. Let me do that off those hootie hootie channels that you said they're right. You're not fooling me. It's hootie hootie, baby. That's right. That's right. So I watched the basketball game last night between a little bit of rough Christmas and Tennessee the women's final. Awesome rough girls from rough girls. They got tattoos and they're not the nappy head at all. I'm sorry, I did a bad thing. But I'm a good person. So you come to Saturday, you know, I'm not signing anything. You're going to go home. Back, back. Wow. Hey, we ought to play that till 230. Part of director Stephen Spielberg and the scientist who claimed chickens evolved from the terrorizer is Rex. Nobody moved. Well, something that's interesting, but there are there are things that are missing on this list here on his disc. Huh. Did you get the same disc that I did from ACN? Yeah, 343. No, I don't think I get the minute. You should count here like he starts to do this thing. Things that sound really interesting because there's one that's called Bill or Bill or Rally and Harald or Virgo nuts. Yeah, that's not actual. That's not a bit that's a clip from something that happened on. I understand that, but I'm just saying it's not on there. Oh, I can download it. You got, you got the ability. Well, I'm going to write now on the middle of the show. That would be bad. Kills some good time, but that would be really bad. Okay, let's take a look at 86 on the pool. Like I said, could we run 900 by noon time? And then we still got two more hours. Thousands is a given today. Even though we had a kind of a late start on this thing. And you wonder why we hit late start on this thing because I should have said to you, Hey, put a pull on there from Monday. Jorge, I should have said that. Should not. Yeah, well, whatever. And you're not going to go ahead and do that on your own. We go over Monday. I'm going to put one on it. That's right. I fussed from that. It was a work like work. Like Saturday, I sent Josh one story for Sunday morning. He got it on there. One story. It wasn't even a good one. Here's what it was. Life who shot preacher, here the man slaughter, had 53 reads. I mean, that's called screw an off bad baby. And of course, at least I said one, though, like the week before you didn't say any one day. Right? Right. So we're just screw an off on a weekend. Okay, just the way it is. We're overworked and underpaid and stuff like that. Right? Some of us overworked underpaid. I mean, four hours at us every day for like the next one. 15, 20 years that we just said. We just want to hang on the man. We want to milk the old cash cow. We had a cow as a reward. Milk the old cow. 884 votes under full. How often do you think about sex? SEX, sex, doing it. Being there thinking about it, uh, the squeeze in it. Several times that A 400 and 7, of course, it can be a variety of things. You know, like the squeeze in right. Squeeze them with good reason and kind of like, please. You want to hear this thing? Sure, go ahead. Doesn't have a right. He's been to me to fell on the. He's not that a right to be in this country. What? But that's nothing to do with the cash. You should have been with that. What? He should have been deployed in the and this mayor in a police chief didn't deploy them. Listen, you know how many people we haven't jail. How many of them are illegal aliens illegal aliens to bit crimes at a lower rate than citizens do. This guy shouldn't have been who you're just as nothing to do with illegal aliens has to do with drunk driving. Don't don't obscure. He's a poor make a cheap political point on the fire. The cheap political. And you miss his justice. This is nothing to do with what. And our mayor. You want nothing to do. That man. You want an orc. No, we're going to open border. Anarchy. What? What? I want his parents. We have Lord. We have Lord. These. These people. They have. With a. And a country. With basically full domestic. And point. We have for decades. Lord them here. And now we're not. A mob scene. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. You're going to. I want her more. Sort force. And then you don't they. Is there a. What would you share for this night reason. Immigration reform 251 move from? It sounds valuable. Can some of her please. Please. Say we got. You know Steve. and a 473 non-stop 244 once you're twice today one o' ss' very boring god I would you want to know those people with you uh... what i don't think i do once you're twice today i think they lie yes so them fifty four and never thirteen and unlucky number if you're around them although nevertheless five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty and they were i didn't see the dyrus line notice i'm putting some nifty calls here today I think we really had any yet, but I'm reaching out there with my test tentacles. Extaffers to form a vice president of the algorithm in a formal reunion, fight a capital hill newspaper reports. I'm going to catch up and reminiscing the dozen gorillas launching down at a downtown eatery, Arcadeana. Decided to have a little fun with numbers Emily High writes for rule calls heard on the hill. Seven said they thought Gor would not leap into the 2008 presidential race, while five specially that he would wonder lunch was spilled to eight to eight. What's eight to eight? Oh, heard on the hill. He heard on the hill. Oh, they haven't a thrill. And make you want to kill. Highlands, clearly, Gor is keeping the decision-post to his eco-friendly vest. Attendees included Chris O'Ritch with the Japanese Embassy, Matt Bennett with a third way. Thirgood Marshall, Jr. of Binghamah Cousin LLP, Jeff Nysbaum with West Wing writers, sounds awfully Jewish to me, freelance speech writer Eric Schnur. I wonder if he's a Schnur. Schnur the Schnur. David Thomas of Melbourne, Hogue of Castingetti and Joel Velasco of Stonebridge in the National, all these hachats, whoever. Why did they go waste by time reading these names? Do you want to know why? Why? Kills Thur at some time. Results aside, heard on the hill, couldn't help but think that the only group of tube-food blue political geeks would think to entertain themselves with straw polling and did no one demand a recount to roll-colourical continues over the weekend at British newspaper claimed that friends of Al Gore have secretly started assembling a campaign team in preparation for the former mercenaries' prison to make a fresh bid for the White House. Oh my God. I was asked whether I'd be available toward the end of the year if I'm needed once read it as told to tell a graph. They know he's not ruled out running and if he decides to jump in, he'll have to move very fast. He hasn't asked them to do this, but he is also not told them not to. But you know what I haven't told them not to either? I'm every running. Just like I was running the jet way for that plane for air cannon to flight 901. Give me out of here, give me on a plane, give me out of here quick. Take off fast. I'll tell you what I love. Is certain, huh? I love when everybody is bored. The plane was full, every seat was taken. And when everybody is on board, they take off like 10-15 minutes early because what's the point is sitting around, you know, the rain nobody else coming, they got all the luggage in the bombs on there and stuff. Why not take off? I love that. However, spokesperson for Gordon had to report to TPN KFA's Greg Sardgens stating, there is not a secret campaign operation in Nashville or any other part of the country to mobilize a campaign other than that was to formalize President state, to mobilize the American people to arrest the climate crisis. Another former adviser told Sergeant that the telegraph report was pure fantasy. Fantasy, baby. Like a lot of you people are a part of this thing right now. All you people are thinking about sex. Fantasy. Oh, there's nothing wrong with that. How's the a Serbian, uh, stagnant? I don't want to make me laugh when you say that. I just don't know when that'll be. Is that his name, the Serbian, yes, Serbian, actually wrote it down because I don't want to forget. I couldn't forget anybody looked like that. In the last few days, both former President of Brooklyn and political strategy stains carvalose, speculated that Gordon and up entering the crowded field. On Thursday, Clinton told Larry King, you've got the prospect that Vice President Gourmet Run and Boston Harold Colomans Tally Carre refers to a speech carval gave it to Lane in Orleans early this week. Al Gore will run, he said, setting George Rolls observation that running for president is like sex. You don't do it once and forget about it. Isn't that clever? You don't do it once and that's forget about it. Well, I can just imagine some people having sex with certain other people doing a one or one or something. Oh, I don't think so. Never again. Not a good idea. Not, you know, you know what I mean? What do you mean? I'm just saying that there are certain people I like to be for example. That's about example. Josh Friedman. If something alive had sex with Josh Friedman, I think it would only be a one time deal, you know. And then he'd probably give it up. Oh, I don't know. There's all types out there. Tubby chases, smelly chubby chases. Uh, there it has to be. We want to do a full on that. Which chair smelled worse to one side? Oh, I'm so honored. Or to one of Josh Friedman's schmutz stuff. Don't make that shoes. Don't make me choose. Yeah, the interesting part of these George was within sniffing distance to both of them. Hmm. And you wonder why I was there early? Yeah. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's hear about it. An hour ball went in at horrible tape to his 11 year old daughter. See, maybe you can explain this to me. I'll sit aside from the in-anity of it. And it has to be in all those fluff shows, you know, and on CNN. And MSNBC, think it a lot of time to fill. Right? But why is that anybody's business? It's not. Who cares about Alec Baldwin and his bitchy little daughter? I mean, maybe she is a pig or whatever you call her. Maybe she's an nasty, snobby bitch. Maybe. Isn't it possible that 11 and 12 year old girls could be nasty, snobby. Bitches. Or the possible. I've known several. There you go. There you go. It's possible. Take it from George Rodriguez, who is known almost every female, I'll ever bore on a planet. He says there's 11 and 12 year old girls who are snobby little nasty, whatever to Alcycoder, bitches. So quick pick on Alec Baldwin, okay? I think it's an oath for re-impropegand of peace. So that's probably what they got to tape from Kim Jong-U. And that damn it. I know too. What did I tell you, Chris? We'd ever, 900 by the top of the hour. And we got the big 230 press conference coming up to San Fernando, on WQA. It's going to be the mad dog and the hoppers going to be there eating 14 bowl of sandwiches. Now maybe you could take him aside. And maybe you know in your spare time you'd be like, well listen to me. Can I at least finish? Alright, if you must. And as an active friendship to my gigantic fat friend, maybe you could go shopping for him once a week and bring him a few bags of stuff. No one wants help. No one wants anybody sticking their nose into their business. Yeah. I wouldn't. I was busy working popsicles all week. Really? Well yeah, they have these new, they're called Life Savor Sugar Free popsicle. And they're addictive. Oh, I thought that was code for something else. I'm sorry. I don't speak in code, okay. If I was doing what you think for your own radio. I'd come right out and I would like spin it out. Yeah. So what I heard. Yeah. When you got fat in for me. We've got rocks. We've got perfect 50-30. And this is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour. Alright. Alright. Now. Yeah. I've got some grip. You ready? You go there and cut that gravy. Wait. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Here's a quick ball for you, dude. A silent ball of meat. We kind of got that I want to do. Let's do it in real quick. That's your looting. I want to give you a more wonderful one. But there's no chance at all. You can throw guns away from your sports quiz. If I want to see you grab the ball. That's your looting. Wow. Look at that kid. You made a great gravy. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You got a high depth in your street. That helps me see his love. I can do what I want to. Good I ain't gonna get done. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. I'm a business school. Okay. That's not so great. Yeah. But I've got some older than that man. At least until he's 28. Oh. I'm great. Now I want to win. You made a great gravy. We're moving around. Look at that kid. You made a great gravy. So rumor has just been through. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. Like oxygen tanks on the way to the big 106 studios to revive. To resuscitate Ron and ancient Paul. Okay. There's 15 hour marathon. Here we did. They're going to do that. Excellent programming. Bringing you. The orangish show starts at 5 a.m. Start a mar with old midnight. Crazy. Just crazy people. But that's his business. What I said to the business is finished. A normal. Reop for another 20 years. Okay. We'll take the money. Who's going to empty my bag from here every day? who's gonna push me around to my chair? I guess that would be your prime benefit here. Of course. Oh, he just came in and said thank you by the way. Oh, he got it? Yes, yes he did. He said thank you. I don't know why Josh. He's okay, my book. In fact, I sent him like, I don't know. Funny email. Not really all that funny. I just said sweetheart or something like that. I knew he would cringe, you know. I like that one. Yeah. No, I did not say to it. Sugar, which is sugar, which is was good. I love how he used that next time. Yeah, love much. Sugar, pie, honey, bun. Like that. I see even you know that I don't have even the slightest. I mean, he's the ice guy and he's not about looking, well he's, he's, you know. He's what he is. He's a good guy. So he said thank you. See, at least he's got a little bit of class Josh. He's got some class. He said he's been coming in and say thank you so very much for helping me and my hair. More little dog. Yes. And we'll just see his girlfriend. You know he's got some ass. Clans and ass. Now we're talking. That's right. This is the station that put the ass in class. We put the ASS in CLAA. Whatever. 919 on the full. You know, damn well. You know, pretty damn well. We're going to have a thousand by one o'clock. And then George can do one or two. Don't do that. Don't do what. It's a pretty good. We're a music. We've got 15 people who say they never think about sex. Those are not people I want to be around. They might not have a lot of things. They might not have things. They might not have things. They might have been torn off in a farming accident or something. Oh, never mind. We have played that Brady Quinsing. I was going to mention about the NFL Combines since we're so dolphin-intensive. They press conference in 230. But, um, at the NFL Combines. Is nobody's called Chris? Yes. Now, and what do they do? They measure like they have calipers. And they measure like, um, body fat. They basically run them through everything that they can do. Uh, measure body fat. Like calipers. I guess. I don't know. I've never been there. They have the most cases. They're like, they're like those bench teachers. Yeah. Like a miniature pinch. You're in a doberman pincher. I got to get a few dogs. Yeah. In fact, just to show you what a heart ass I am because there's no dogs live my building. I'm going to go get a pickup all the strays on the street and I'm going to bring you in here. What about the dogs? Forget about them. I'm not in that. Wonder what ever happened to that. Do we still have that thing on that you, or page? I don't know. I was telling somebody about that over the weekend. They couldn't believe it. So said go check it out. We'll check it out. Yeah. He said this is the positive refresh or something. Wow. I couldn't believe it myself. Well, goes to show you dogs are like, oh, we thought they were. That's right. Even if he don't have to. A lot of hornier too. That's right. Even if you don't have, you know, some people are all thumbs. He's no thumbs. And he's still was able to get the job done from the influence of it. I don't want to look at it again though. 919 votes on the poll. All of you sex crazed maybe extra out there. How's the guy with the eyes doing? Who do you think he's doing? Oh, listen. Why do you want to conjure these kinds of images? Right. And then in a little lunch box. First with the job people say, now you're doing this. You're us. Yes. Yes. I am. I'm a sick bastard. I admit it. And that's why people listen to this show. Because I'm a sick bastard. I admit it. I talk about it. I'm proud of it. Be a pervert and be proud. Okay. That's what I say. All this crap. You're not pervert. Yes. And I'm proud of it. And I'm working at it very diligently. Very hard. W2AM hello. Yes, sir. I think about sex but only from 10 to 2. Do you? Hmm. And of course, every day we've got to get some of these. This is the Miami Dolphin for the American. I'm Joseph Ducky. So now we're talking. There is the answer. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. That could be the answer. I mean, Jimmy Simple is what did the pissed off Joel Findberg say? We got to think of the pissed off caveman, which we're getting really tired of. Maybe we can replace him with pissed off Joel Findberg from across the street at the ticket. We're like having a nervous breakdown because it often said, I guess, according to what he said, did I admit can to very Jack Askel? Probably because I didn't want to take a chance of reading it again and letting it in. The can out of the bag. Because it's such a big, it's a big secret. I don't know. I don't see it. You got it? No. Why not? I was only something wanted to have it. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not interested. Oh, I do have a storm. Remember we were doing the same last week or is it three before about the foods? You know, about the foods that are bad for you? Mmm. Veal. Oh, and I don't know where the rest of the story is. Oh, here it is. And you know what this is about? Your least favorite group. One of your least favorite groups in the entire university. Peter who they are. Peter. Peter. Yeah. Veal to love without the guilt. This was an article in New York Times. It's got a beautiful picture. I don't know what kind of what that is. A veal chop would spin it. Which you have. How do you hate spin it? Yeah. By the way, a ordered a veal chop once and they gave it to me with a big pile of spinach. I've all completely. The veal tasted like spinach. It was nasty. Mmm. The most successful animal rights for a kind of US started more than 20 years ago. And I had nothing to do with four grah. Flaw grah. How do you say that? That's four grah. That's right. Flaw grah. Flaw grah. Weak. Well, a few years. When photographs are forming a fed veal cans, tethered in crates where they couldn't turn around. A period across the country's sales of veal plummeted. I remember it's who bad we don't have the veal lady anymore. Remember her? Yes. The veal lady. She's to call just rip me and ask. Yeah. Yeah. Baby cow. I love my veal baby. I love my veal more. I love veal parmesan. Veal. Amatriciana. Villa Maracana. Villa Tatiana. Villa Laeraca. Villa Laeraca. De Canada. Whatever. They have never recovered veal sales. In the 50s and 60s Americans, a four pounds of veal year on average today for capital consumption is about only a half a pound a year. Oh, let's hear it for those living baby cows. It wasn't until a few years ago that some farmers finally got the message and changed the way their calves were raised. Some returned the old fast method to put them up to pasture with their mothers with your mama. And then we'll chop you up in every for dinner. Go spend some family mama and then we'll carve your ass. John Holloway of Misty Morning Farm and Cherry Tree Pencilating was one of them. Unfortunately, I was a sinner he said, I didn't raise factory veal all the chemicals and antibiotics. There were our friends eat what we used to raise. For our own we eat. For our own use we were raising humane veal. Now all of his veal is pastured and organic. Well, thank God for that. Others got rid of the crates for kept their calves in barnpens. Loving them mingle with other calves and giving them room to walk and turn around. Their calves are young and single and they love to mingle. They love their vingle. Oh, not another pool here. I do like that. Well, what is this provide rural gratification to their lover? Give me a break. Oh, brother, that sounds very, very sexual to me. Didn't back to the calves. I mean, it's a pool, somebody had. Yeah. Caves raised this way are still separated from their mothers and most still get a milk replacement for me. Well, not mothers milk, but some also get grain along with the milk replacement. Those changes on the farm are led to corollary changes in the kitchen. A cumonayary serendipity that's just being, remember the serendipity singers? What was their song? Don't let the rain come down. I'll find out. The serendipity singers. What you used to do is put on a little dipity do and listen to the serendipity singers. Serendipity do? No, the serendipity do. That's correct. You got it? I got it. What is it? Don't let the rain come down. Don't let the rain come down. Got it, my smoke. Don't let the rain come down. Got it, my smoke. Don't let the rain come down. Listen, I know you can work while I'm there. I'll be the least smoke. There they are. Okay. But here, what year come? You're queer. Oh, 67. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Oh, come on. 64. What was that work in 1964? What? I was working in being born in Cuba. 64. I was in WBTN, but TAB in New York. That was my first full-time radio job. I took a seat at about that. No. I was working like from 6th to midnight. WBTA, but TABIA. And I did a show from the race track. Stand Beren used to do the show. 15 minute show from BABTAVIA. And then when he go on vacation, I would go over there and do the show. And now here's Max Robertson with the call tonight's featured race. Well, he had big balls. He wore his match-rovents. Veal from Canvas fed sufficient grass or grain as well as me, a milk. Has real character and flavor. Oh, I love my veal, man. Rimes with Neil. Veal, God. For anyone who knows only the bland, well-fashioned veal, it is as if brand new ingredients been discovered. Tasty the new veal is not unlike biting into your first heirloom tomato from the garden. After lifetime beating supermarket tomatoes bred for durability. You know those green gash tomatoes they give you the gash? Even Stanley Vobello, the Find Me Prevary or Lobelse New York, where Veal from created formula fed cans was once valued beyond all of this because of it. Cut it with a fork tendonous. Says the new veal is better. It's better and it's slight buttock. Veal becomes more flavorful if it's allowed to walk around. He said, well, how do you like that? I wonder if Jeffy Downmer knew that. If you like your, if you like to pick him as walk around with it then they become more tender and juicy. Mmm, like that, yeah. Jeffy Downmer, they kill his ass in the pen. What medicine? Not. Just like poor father, Gagan. Well, yeah, he can know not that. Took the word right away. Yeah, I think all these child molesting priests man, everyone of modagate Gagan, Gagan. But they think in what do I know? 937 votes on our world famous pool. We got a big announcement coming up at 230. I better reprint that very jackass article. And you know where I can find it right on your rages.com. I like that. Yeah, I do like it. You know I like printing on stories off of that site? Off of our site? Because the print is big. Because the print is big. They print right out of your time. There's not, you don't have to like highlight certain stuff. It's a higher baby. Even in China they know what that means. It's a Mahaya. Even the Graham know what that means in New York. See, that's one thing there's three million Jews in New York. So they kind of like rub off on everybody else. So even the Graham speak a lot of you. They have to survive. Which I think can only be a good thing. Right, can it? Yeah, it is. Great. But we'll hot-tog. I don't know if that's not you. It looks good. Thank you. My bar missed the moth. I'm going to reset it on the end of the week. My cab guy. My list of these cab guys tell me about his son's con. What do they call it? Confirmation. Reset the girls. The Catholics. Both. I think. Yeah, it's both. Confirmation for guys and girls. Oh, yeah, he says well, because I was talking. I was thinking about going to Niagara to falls view in a couple of weeks. I told him this last week. And he said, well, but it would be a bit of a bit of up. And don't pick, I figured what the date was. My son's confirmation that we got to be in church all day that day. And I said, oh, I'll tell you one thing. If he knew I was Jewish, he'd be taking me for a nice ride. My list of these cab guys. He's came for me. Yeah. Probably in the lake Ontario. I was swim right across the strong Memorial Hospital. I could bury my ass where it wouldn't be something to be to die in the same hospital you were born in. That would be something. Wow. That would be really phenomenal. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to arrange to die and strong Memorial Hospital in Martin Chespoot The same place where I was born November 4th, not fifth. What is it, nice? 1842. And what do you think that would mean? Nothing, nothing. It's correct. Oh, my God. Yeah, I can't baby. Hey, 36. 36. 26. WF. And the R&D. I'm going to hang up. What's this? A pink slip. I was talking. On my Lord is ill. Said something about some nabby headed holes. A bunch of people got really pissed. Said that don't I miss? It's a racist. Finally, I'm a, as well, I am. Not in the Ku Klux clan. I'm the I'm a, that's right, that's me. And so yet, I got canned. But that don't be wizzles. I told the world. I apologize. But that wasn't enough. But I've never been sharp to enjoy. Thanks a lot. Yes, finalist jerks. Now the I'm a, is out of work. I'm the I'm a, fire from WFAS. A, M. Black, Black, Black. I just got canned. Like I said, back to the ranch. You can't be sure is. I don't know. Sure is. I guess me an idea. I'm all melt, calm, isn't it? No, no. Yeah. Let's get him mumbling in stereo. Baby, that should be really tremendous. Not a little more, probably. I'm a, maybe old and craggy, but at least I can still articulate. You're, I'm saying, I can still, I regulate and articulate. But what did you say? You heard it. So here's a, P. Now that this is the same N.D. Remember last week we had one who was a, some doctor who had sent something to the university Dodge and then they forwarded it to me. They facted it. So I don't know it. It doesn't this look to you like the same thing. Like it was sent from him to somebody else. He passed it by boopus and by loopus and whatever. Yes. Second hand. It's signed P. Yeah, why, why did you put a name on it for quite a lot of, put a name on your facts. It's even just a made up one, you idiots. It says he knew in George. On the dolphin switching station, I want you to know this morning. Joe Rose already announced that 790 has the fins. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now do I have that thing cleaned up in here? Did I clean that, uh, yeah, I heard it. How to give you it update of what took place just now off the year. I think it's important to hear this. Yeah. Howard just called the radio station Howard David. Mm-hmm. Who I get along with great. Sure. I thought he called me and. Cool. Saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. It's a measly listening love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. And instead of listening and always calling the radio station, he's become and Howard the caller like Howard from Boca. I have no idea. I have no idea. It's like, you know, it's okay. I have no line. So anyway, he's he's listening. So this one to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. Don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday you can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting a take in a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. But it's over. Me and you done. Done. Done. By done. Okay. Anyway, get back to P and it's a thanks. I mean, you're saying that this one's another's mind. Joe Rose over now said 790 has the fins no mole. Don't don't don't don't don't. Every time he said 790, the ticket home of the no sound for minute, it was pretty funny. I see a home of the where they used to see a home of the dolphins. Home of the. Hello. Home of the. Nothing. Also Rose said Rose can't stand fine. Bergen think I it says here. I think it'll be back on Q and we belong by September. Says this thing. For fiber to say Rose won't consider going to QM is laughable. He'll probably probably come back for less. Well, when that wouldn't be a feather in our camp, huh? We get the dolphins and Joe Rose wouldn't be something. Again, this is just people thinking I'll loud. I do want you to understand that not that we have any. I'll loud. That's the way the thing baby. Always think I'll loud. Nothing while with that. People can say what? Which you'll be thinking there, man, because you're thinking. Yeah. Oh, what a station that was whammy. Wow, those are the days man. In fact, you see some of those clips on it. You. You. I don't know what the. I hate when I do that. It's always an act of excitement. I don't. Got it. I can down to the audition line. You're going to do that all the time. And then P goes out to say, I know like Baldwin's message to his daughter. It doesn't take a genius to see his ego maniac. The message is all about him and his feelings and his despicable. P says I have a 12 year old daughter. But the fact that basing your release to recording serves all she cares about is ruining Baldwin's reputation. And in essence is all about her and revenge. Both these parents are pieces of Schmidt in my opinion. And of course, the kid is stuck in the middle. Right. I know about this because my divorce was ugly. It says luckily my kid was only two of the times she didn't have much of a clue. So what was being said, George did a great job when you were gone, but good to have you back. That was only gone for one day. It was going to be four of the great day. I didn't I tell you that to begin the show today. If you were to say the phenomenal job on Friday, man. Right. We talked the audience how to hit on Devchecks. And he was talking, oh yeah. Which is the only way to do it. Let me see how to knock that down. Or yeah, I did it again. 9.50 and I'm the sex pool today. I mean, that's easy pick and see. That's why I did it because I knew the pool would have a late start because I was screwed off all weekend. And I've painted too much here. We spark ability to my duties. Whatever it hell. I mean, painted too much attention to my whatever I was going to say. How often do you think about sex that's our pool question today? In other words, are you alive? Are you living and breathing? Does that thing work? That's the question. If I can translate it for you, are you alive? I was thinking about them. We'll be able to date. You ever see it? It's alive. Sure. A couple three times. Although you know something, I think I'm confused because it was really in Frankenstein. What was it they said? Who said that? Frankenstein, doctor. The doctor. The monster's not who is what what was the character that the fellow would go see played. Igor. Igor is a hunchback. That's right. That's right. Henry Frankenstein. Wasn't that his right? No. Henry Frankenstein. Victor Victor Von. Victor Frankenstein. What a reason. Victor Von Frankenstein. It's alive. I keep thinking that was from that movie. No. Although that was the name of the movie. Yeah. That guy that's in all the cheesy. Michael Moriarty. Right. Is it was he in stepdad parts one through 100 cent worth of it? No, that was a different guy. Are you sure? Yes. Get out of here. See you. 961 votes on the pool. Chris knows that by one o'clock we have a thousand and then Joel Findberg agreed to be having nervous break. The biggest police police in all of the collect. And then the radio drivers. Although we do 560. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Or write up main notes. The ashes of my dear old dad. Write up main notes. It was the greatest high. Me ever had. And my misnames. Not too much tonight. Terrible nosebleed. Finally. We're close. That's right of main notes. It's just a house, brave. Write up main notes. My dad's dad's who just passed away. Write up main notes. It's how I celebrate. Father's day. And my misnames. Yes it did. Not to mention that Terrible nosebleed. Finally. We are close. What was dad's right of main notes. I live whatever just you've forgotten. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 1232 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it. Big announcement coming at 230 to staff. No, it's a real surprise. Isn't it? Welcome. I made your shot to everybody's like. You're a system. Huh? No. 9702 on a profile by my name. I'm a 72. There's a battling worker. I wonder if she still got that waxy buildup. She was disgusting. She was a Randy wannabe. Right. When he come right down to it, who would want to be a Randy wannabe? Right? I guess. Now, no matter how happens, she is still on the air somewhere. Like I'm one of those 14 won stations. Oh, I'm someone who knows if I ever meet them. No. 9702 on a full 9. If I click that view current for that America. 973. See, there's another one sneak in there. America sure said of a really nifty dealer. Has any nifty? People use the word nifty. They make me want to puk. Anyway, the spirit of things that make you want to puk. Hundreds of students at FIU. We're stranded outside this morning. I'm able to take final exams after a bomb threat. Close to building on campus, Felicia. See, this is monkey seam monkey. Do a see market. I can't have him. Maybe we have one horrendous thing happen. One place. And so right away, everybody in the brother. And we have a Hollywood Hills last week. One day. That's a really cool. South Campus Charles Perry building. Better known as La Primera Casa was put on lockdown about 10 a.m. The five straight building houses both classrooms. And administrative departments. Why is it called the, the Charles Perry building. But it's better known as La Primera Casa. Well, what is that? Besides that English. Not English. Officials said it would be close to the least 11 o'clock. Well, Jesus, this is all news. I just got this off the hill website. Can't you idiots up. They do a bit. You morons. No wonder everybody hates the hero like poison. Meanwhile, hundreds of students were stuck outside. Witnesses said the fire alarms were blaring and police officers were combing the campus. Looking for the mad bomber. At least one, maybe it's your fine work. When surprised me, he's just going off the depend. At least one teacher can be in class on the lawn. Students said students taking final exams were later assigned to different classrooms. Not in La Primera Casa. And FIU. It may actually make CNN for about a quarter of a second. Boris Yeltson is dead. The dolphins may be coming to QA. And maybe some other stuff too, but we don't really know. We do know, but we lie about it. Because parents said lie about it. I said should I read the very Jack Ashcom. Yeah, but just lie about it. Why couldn't they have made it official on this show? Wouldn't that have been the first to use way to do it? Hey, Mr. Upady. It's not a sports show. Why? Why do you want it all? I don't know how it all goes. It all comes out. Every couple. That's great. Great. When Nick Sabin left town. Who broke right? Let me say it again. Uncle Neel. What are you doing? Something for the other people? You'll keep going. You'll keep going. Everybody else is running around. The Humphoral have it. The Humphoral have it. The only thing he's got is a big baloney sandwich. And a lot of baloney to go with it. He's good. Humphors okay. Just too fat. Now, he ought to be getting ready for the a cripple crown, shouldn't he? The big house race is coming up. Ninety-five on the pool. You can bet. You can bet. Chris' life on it. That if I want to clock, we'll have a thousand boats. Are you, you feel safe? Yeah. Ninety-seveny-six. We need twenty four of boats in twenty four minutes. Twenty three. Well, we're nine seventy seven now. Twenty two. How do you like that? Oh. How am I ahead of you, Mr. So, Josh came in at this morning and gave you like a little squeeze and said, Be sure and thank the old bag for that check. Yes, he did. He can't hurt the master. He can hurt the master. I told me to pass it along and, you know, I slapped him on the ass and told him to pass that along to his girlfriend. Now, Ben, you slapped him on the ass. No, squeeze. Did you all squeeze? I give a little clue on the ass. Don't be certain doing a bunch of factory in there. Okay. It's a last little thing we need. Big what time we got this radio station. I'm including those damn ball games. By the way, anybody watched the, When I what game was that? Which game was that? Was that Detroit? It was Detroit and where they playing Calgary? Anybody see that? Jamie McLean going nuts and take that chop the guy in a mid session with his goalie stick? Well, I think it's suspended five games. If you did that on the street, you'd be in jail for ten years. That's like a Todd Bertusi thing man. It's like a tempted murder. Crazy person. Jamie McLean couldn't stop a bowling ball from I'm going to get our yards away. But nevertheless, that's hockey, baby. A lot of violence, a lot of bloodshed, a lot of teeth sprinting all over the place. To my spurt and going on man. Speaking of that, nine seventy of an pull. Chris has got a, he's got his eye peeled on her because his like nine eighty one. You see how they're coming in nice little chunks now? They're trying to save me. They're trying to save your job. Even though they'd much rather have Josh back. Nine eighty two. Now we're happy with Chris. He's doing a fine job and he's a good eater too. He's a good health eater. We like that. I'm going to show a Fitz-right-end. So tell me about the melting pot again. They came in the brought both kinds of cheese, both the Swiss and white wine combo and the Chetarine beer combo and the had all kinds of things to dip it in. And I had a sign language teacher here teaching us how to hit on DevTix and eaten cheese. Three. And come to the cheese. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. The word around town man. It's a water cooler when I was down in a this weekend. The word around town was a whistle station. Do you believe that? No. There was no word. There was no retina. Because nobody knows. I mean, if they would have put up some billboards saying, he also going to be taken Friday off because he's a slacker and he works whatever it feels like it. And George is going to be working on Friday then then you'd have been dangerous. You know, yeah. Nobody knew about it. It would have been dangerous. All right. You're crowd. Now, should I mention again about that Neil got fans side on their eyes? I saw the invite and I, of course, had deleted it. I mean, I got invited too. Oh, yeah. I go to the right. So, the thing is, is who I'd like to meet Neil George Chris, Josh, all these people. I mean, it looked like a fan side. It's supposedly our page. You know, it's going to end with me or the show or George or anybody associated with the show. And some of our friends were already on there and, well, you know, whatever. They don't want to meet me because I never got an invite. Some of their friends are on or because when they got invited to be friends, they assumed and had to do with me. You know, and then that's why they got it. Wow, they need to be another site. Exactly. That's four. Okay. There doesn't need to be. We've got the Neil Roger show page on there. We've got 80 trillion, I'll tell you a minute, how many friends we got. Including only a couple of count. I mean, no, few. Oh, look at all the young messages on there. 400 from Johnny G. Gee, Johnny. I don't know. I got so much maintenance to do on that, Dan Fick. And maybe a friend request from Neil's, yeah, there is another one. You're right. There's another one. A friend request from Neil, God fans. Let me click on my, I do like that picture though. Can we use that picture? I'll just blacken my. So the older one, I got the story. We have that picture. Got those old feroons. One of them we got on there now with me is the odd father. That's all right. But what does it say about me? This is the home. Yeah, this is what pisses me off. This is the home for fans in the arrages. The King of South Florida, radio. I blah blah blah, weekday, excuse me. No, it's not. This is not the home. And the big old show is on there. Okay. So we must have obviously said a thing to the big old. And of course being terrified that I was going to rip me. And even Angie's in billion, that's just all that great stuff. All those great things we pull out. Yeah, she brought it. Come on, Angie, why is up a Mark ABOC. Hey, Mark, get a brain man. And I be power 96. And who else has he got on a gene raber? Yeah, you can always tell it's legit. Now Nick, he's the one that said this thing. Nick. And when you click on his pictures, Nick, it makes you sick. Who are you, Nick? Nick is in the other areas. Some old code, some fat old code, okay? You see Nick? He's a fat old guy. I don't want fat old guys on my damn ice-face page. If I want a fat old guy on there, I'll put pictures of me on there. What does it say? Single, sexual orientation, not sure. Not sure. Yeah, mail 64 years old. You're fairie. Now he's talking about me that is, see? This is bogus. So I'm just, I'm not gonna that baby. I'm blocking it. I'm deleting it. I'm sticking it. I'm just, I'm just, I'm sitting him nasty. I'm sitting him nasty. I still need all of it to place. I'm puking on the monitor. You've got some freaking nerve, Nick. We don't need any ass systems. The ass part we could use. But not the instance. You jack ass. 1987 on the pool, well Chris can breathe easy now about, wow. Oh, 988. You know that they're trickling in to come to your side. Stand kid girl. Read it, gentlemen. I don't say that. I can't even call you. Because you will never ever have a career in singing. He happens to feed the biggest idol jump. This hair is worse than Donald Trump's son. I, I, I, what a job. This is the son's I. He's just a misunderstanding. He's still on the show. Is it not? But that's so wrong. These pussies suck on Jay. Too shocked. This is the son, Jay. The terrible. The son, Jay. He's a highly intelligent social character with no fear of dying. I know. Maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots. But he's those jumps and I got a little bit. That if the wins then Simon will quit. I'm just a little bit less than son, Jay. I hate you. He's irritating in the media. This boy sounds like nails on a truck or something. I hate that guy. The son, Jay. It is. It was just weird. So he can't dance and he can't sing. Look at his head. What is that thing, son, Jay? He's that guy. He's a son, Jay. I'm gonna be the hate that guy. He's a son, Jay. Oh, Jay. I'm gonna be the one who's been listening to this guy. I'm gonna be the one who's been listening to this guy. What is this thing on stage? Are you looking at that? Oh, guys. This after he had one of his 400 heart attacks. He was trying to prove I am. I'm not gonna die. And the last thing he said was, I'm dying on the hair. I'm dying on the hair. There you go. He changed his mind. What a silly monster crap. That's the world for you. Just like John McCain doing a bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, a ran. That to me. Yeah, I thought to myself, I asked myself the musical question. Can you imagine Barack Obama doing that? Can you imagine a swivel read doing that? Can you imagine any of the candidates? Can you imagine Rudy Giuliani doing that? No, he's good for Cocoa Puss. He's an idiot. He's a crazy prison John McCain. Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, a ran. He reminds me of John McCain. He was looking at a die. It's funny. Yeah, that's right. Big joke. Big joke. We're dying over here. Let's blow up the whole freaking world. Okay, 1000 to those crazy. Nice going. You're safe. You've had 12 minutes away. You had long way to go. Cool. Like in Team America World Police, remember they're at the end of the movie. And I think this ticking ticking. And he's got to stop and be foreblows up the whole world. Remember that? Yeah. Well, he did. They always do, you know? And no matter what the movie is, whether it's serious, whether it's a conical, whether it's somewhere between, whether it's of stupid piece of crap, or some great pieces of stuff. Or some great pieces of cinematography like Team America World Police when I look Baldwin. That's another good reason to watch that again. We have Eric Baudgren. Oh, man. I'm going to watch it again sometime this week. I love that. I just love it to keep her. And don't forget, Matt Damon. Hey, Matt. You're fair. Oh. Now let's see who to help wrote this. I'll be associated with press staff. For the whole staff right this piece after the five to four decision lines, we can switch these to Supreme Court reverse course on abortion, upholding the federal partial birth abortion ban act. Many court watches are wanting what to expect next. For guidance law professors in Supreme Court specialist, look to list the five to four cases in which justice, San Rudeo Connor, who retired last year, had been the swing vote. She was a swinger. One list compiled by Martin S. Letterman, a Georgetown University, had 31 entries with cases on religion and race, elections in crime, medicine and free speech. I remember that. Last week's abortion decision, Gonzalez versus Carl how demonstrated the court's new math with the justice who took the O'Connor seat, Samuel Alito in the majority, and the new swing justice Anthony Kennedy ran into the decision, the court upheld by a single vote, the abortion act. Just seven years ago, just as O'Connor voted with the court's liberals to strike down the subordinate of the basketball abandonment procedure, and automatically has intact dilation and extraction. In impulsive moving and intact fetus, rather than dismembering the fetus in the uterus, the decision we cast across the pro-strow abortion, shifting its emphasis toward fetal life and away from deference to medical judgments about women's health. The decision-aligned street brought in the focus, the greatest hopes of conservatives and the worst fears of liberals is the court about to make sweeping changes in important areas of constitutional law, including in decisions expected shortly on the role of money and political campaigns and evaracing the schools. O'Connor was the swing vote in so many cases, especially in high profile areas like affirmative action, campaign finance and separation in church and states that, or when chimerenski, law professor would doke, Samuel Alito is likely to bring about a change in all these areas. In the coming months alone, the court has said to decide two important cases in areas where justice so counterflated crucial role. One case considers whether school systems in Seattle and Louisville may take into account students' race to make sure that schools remain integrated. Students in both systems are offered at choices schools, but they can be denied admission based on their race if enrolling in a given school would upset what local school boards had determined was a desirable racial balance. That's not precisely the same question as the one considered in groups of versus Bolanger. The 2003 decision which justice is so counterwriting for a five-to-former juridie upheld a racially conscious admissions plan at the University of Michigan Law School. That case involves not integration but affirmative action, where the court lying in the government to give some groups a boost. But the two cases are in the same doctrinal neighborhood, and integration cases will almost certainly give a powerful hint about where the court has headed, not only on affirmative action, but also on the use of race by government more generally. Included, just as O'Connor said, that society may need affirmative action for another 25 years. Some legal scholars are betting that Google will be modified or overruled before the expiration date. This Wednesday, the court will hear arguments in another case that could start to undo part of justice O'Connor's legacy. In 2003, he was in the majority on McConnell versus Federal Lecture Commission, which have held the major provisions of the McEinfigold, a fine-gold campaign finance law, including restrictions on some campaign season TV advertising paid for by corporations and labor unions. That's McEinfigold, as in bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb around that. The new case considers that same ban in a particular context in what Laura is called as an applied challenge. An anti-abortion group was constant right to life in, had sought to run television commercials criticizing the Senate filibuster against present-bushed judicial nominees, and urging viewers to ask the states to senators, a lot of whom was up for a election to permit the nominations to come to a vote. The Federal Lecture Commission says that the ads were thinly-vailed campaign commercials while the groups said they just asserted speech at the core of what the first amendment protects. If Alito takes the position of the senators in the 2003 case, said Richard H. Pildes, a law professor in NYU, that would represent a profound transformation in the park on which to reach campaign finance practices the betting line is that he's likely to go that way. After the Congressional Power to Drive Money from Paltice, even until he's spent a free speech, it seems settled only four years later, the issue is back on the table. I wonder if that's the square table. Justice O'Connor also played a central role in religion cases and in recent years, he had shown increasing skepticism in capital cases. It will not be long legal scholar, say before Justice Alito's impact is felt in those cases as well. Say it prayer and school are, we're going to blow your crap away. In 2005, Justice O'Connor was in the five-distance majority of the decision involving this play of the 10 commandments in a Kentucky courthouse. When the issue comes up next Professor Jimorinsky said, there's every reason to believe that Alito will join Scalia and Terrence Token Thomas, allowing this plays a religious symbols on government property. God forbid. There is more to judicial decision-making than math. Of course, in Justice O'Lito and his colleagues on the court, I'm a little rule based on the facts and arguments presented to them. The court is more overrelected into overturned decisions in any event under the doctrine of starry disizes, allowing phrase meaning to stand by things decided. Indeed, in last week's abortion decision, the majority did not overrule the 2000 decision and maintained that the brass fellow was distinguishable from the federal one. It is similarly unlikely to the court will overrule many of the cases of professors list outright. Nonetheless, however, there is probably no better guide to where the court is headed than a careful inventory for Justice O'Connor has been. I'm not sure if you can see where you've been. That's where you're going. God, whatever that means. I don't know what that means. I'm getting no gag in here. I think it's the fact that it's not 40 below zero anymore. It's kind of toasty. A little on the murky side, a few showers today, but I think in fact it was the same here. It was 75 here and it was 75 when left four a lot of day last night. I like that. And right now you know what it is? 73, Mr. It's a little on the murky side. I said a little blue sky out there. A little some. 73 degrees. Other than that, it may not be shocking for you. No, just like those last couple of the last three, eights in Amsterdam and it was in the mid 70s. It was beautiful. All right, hands to them. Oh, God, almighty. I'm getting weak just thinking back at that time I had and hands to them. Oh, brother, even the hands here is running out of steam. There's steam power, daddy. 1,014 votes on the pool. How often do you think about sex? Well, I was just thinking about hands to them, same difference. Let me say it again. People go to hands to them for two things. Sex and drugs, okay? And I don't do drugs. How many times have I told you that? 45 million? So I'll say to you what? I'll take George's answer then. I'll go have sex and George can go do drugs. Sounds like a plan. How often do you think about sex? Several times today, 546. Non-stop 273 of us legitimate honest to God perverts. Not make believe perverts. Not want to be perverts by the way, Borcee Alson still there. 273 non-stop. Once you're twice today, 1-18. What a boring existence. They must work with a lot of ugly people, you know? So the 60 and never, 17, never think about sex and God help us from them. Hello, this is honored. This is not a tomb. It's the one, the two hour. Father in law, we'll get off my butt. If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she marry such a fuss? Father in law, you think you better than me. But I don't need in cafeteria and I have cable TV. Always wear black shoes with vermilion of the shorts. You can blame it about satacum. You won't drive it in for too much wear in the movies. Too many songs at the beach. Everyone except for it. You should have been in peace. Father in law, you like driving because And you hate any music that has to get charged. Father in law, tell me I am a creep. But I am a creep in cool and fun everyday of the week. I am nothing like you. Don't throw to the dark track. I don't drink alcohol. When I eat a thing that your daughter's my wife. I will not destroy her. You just gonna have to get over it. She being very lawyer. I am a girl. I am going through a little coffin. Maybe I will croak on the ear. Let's promote it. I am going to build up that 230 hour. Mother got out of the car to help the street. This was in Canada. She disappeared. She disappeared. She disappeared. Please forgive me. I am not saying you are your name. And also tell us about the circumstances that went into what appears to be in a doctor. She got out of her car to help the old lady. She abandoned. I don't get it. A little girl. Somebody jacked the car with a little girl in it. Somebody hijacked the car with a little girl in it. That is what I gathered. That is bad. We have to say that we are not going to be the one that we are going to have. I am going to tell you something. If there was ever any doubt when you said it and watched that over the weekend on the news channels, on channels that are pretending to be news channels, you will be on a shadow about it. It is all over. That is like that Gorbidil article I read last week about the end of America. It is all over, baby. Close the door. It is the over. Here is our pool. It is not over yet. There is nothing wrong with this pool. It is an oldie but goodie. What is wrong with that? How often do you think about sex? They get it right now. They get it. It is got the word sex and if they like it. They like the pool. Several times it is 8,550. I think some of those people are lying. I think if I gave a number like 100 times a day of 1,000 times a day, non-stop 277. Once you twice say that, 121 sold in 60 and never 18. Oh my God. I can imagine who they are. They are probably the 18. When you think about sex, I am thinking about sex. I am thinking about sex. I am thinking about the Serbian stat in myself. Just don't care the way I am going. Here we go. Looped the loose. Spinning through the new cycle by Jamie O'Neill. This is a working chip. This is a well said. Sometimes it is not so hard to understand why young people are forsaken the news. And why survey after survey turns up the fact that fewer and fewer than reduced papers are watched to 24 hour news channels. And while it is never easy to argue and favor a beautiful ignorance of current events, the case could be made that if you run through a half dozen news cycles, you can pretty much anticipate any news stories you get told by those who produce the news. A commodity that often seems to have little that is new in it at all. The names in the particular has made change, but the news stories come in us in predictable packages prefabricated like modular homes. A cliche word and exercise that precludes much in the way of incet our understanding. Been there, done that, and stage our view all over again. So as an nation we behave like crazy people, repeating the same behavior, but always expecting a different result. Take for example the I'm a story. In the event you were in a coma during the week that the story dominated media coverage, you'll be reassured to know that the I'm a story was a virtual rerun of the Michael Richard story a few months back, and the Richard story is repeat of dozens of earlier stories, Mel Gibson and the Rumi Jesse Jackson, Jimmy DeGeek, Howard Co. Cell, Ad Nazium. These are stories where the nation's invited to participate in a little orgy of condemnation and moral superiority. So if you caught the Richard story and we've been hard not to, then you know most all you need to know about the I'm a story which was once the dust that will appear a dime of media saturation and follow day for mid-year, narrative arc. Begin with an ugly utterance followed by fake outrage followed by the comforts' contrition, followed by a parade of pundits examining the remark, and finding the examination of six old of a nation laid bare. So important is this offensive utterance that broadcasts repeat the remark endlessly, writing in our collective consciousness, and ensuring that when all else about the episode has been forgotten, we will remember the remark verbatim and be able to recall the words that were so horrible as to launch the media fire sermon in the first place as in that we headed hose. The endless repetitions of the horrible remark and the condemnations of it will inevitably be followed by yet more pundits will argue that the reactions to their marks are excessive and or hypocritical, and these counter reactions will be followed by the deep thick analysis offered by experts. They'll explore the situation and places like the situation room, and find that the unfortunate remark has provided the nation with a great opportunity to explore one of our chief hills, and to begin the healing process without which one of these big national pop-sight wallows is never complete. In order to facilitate that healing, the big name proprietors of the nation's healing franchises, the doctor fills and the packed shoulders will be tried on the American live to wash our stew that healing with soft spoken platitudes, paliatives, and placeboes. But before the healing can begin, another sterile will come along to interrupt our national convolutions, and that news story will make us sick all over again. Just as the Michael Richards story was knocked off the news by the end of the cold smitham session, so too to the Virginia Tech Horrors show for an end of the non-stop, nettering about that I'mus. The Virginia Tech story began its familiar arc starting with sparse details, and lots of full time consumed by news readers waiting more information, offering the nation their anxious concern for the victims, and their misdivocation about how such things can happen. A note for no replay of things said, and the tone used when the combatants in interplaced not so many years ago, but far enough in the past to ensure that we might have forgotten what comes next. The prayers of the news readers will be echoed by the doleful official grieving of our politicians high and low, and then will come the explainers and the bone sifters will make sense of it all, will fill the airtime with limited discussions of our toxic culture of Hollywood cartoons and rap music. From there we'll proceed the hand-ringing over our insane gun laws, and then after that the healers will be trapped out to minister to the National Psychie, to guide us through this process while hooking their books through their TV ministries of what ever product line administrations they might be peddling from the secular to the divine. The dialogue will spill over in the political arena and break down in arguments over the second memory of the constitution, and those way the two men discuss the national and state gun laws will be followed by smartly interviews as reporters ooze fake empathy while shutting microphones out of the noses of the next of kin. Somewhere in that mixed news vendors will drag out a few experts draw for cautionary profiles of what to look for in people who might know in our schools or workplaces who can be ready to explode themselves. Then the healers will return list of stories been pre-empted by another more affordable tale that will rock at our attention elsewhere before any healing when he learning has actually taken place. Meanwhile, this elsewhere is in wars we started or genocide is worth ignoring, will go unreforted or underreported because our attention is limited, and news divisions can't really cover more than one big story at a time on the 24 hour news channels and besides the news story is breaking in its time to move on. Two of the much-voted healing processes that turns out has never met more than getting on with our lives, and that means moving out of the next cycle of something bad happening followed by 30 second sound bites of deep reflection, and then the rest of the cycle as we are doomed to repeat it over and over again. What won't happen of course is any real change. Racism will continue despite the eye mist firing, and the culture or main means period and of course, and yes we'll wake up yet another day to carnage in our schools because the loopy run on the national news pre-close any real thought and any real understanding and any real progress. No new gun legislation will get passed because the scenario has set in stone, part of the clich that rules this particular story. Despite the fact that polls have long shown that the majority of Americans favor some measure of gun control, the punitive consultants say the issue is toxic to those with political ambitions so nothing will change. And so round and round we go looped the loose, spinning through the news cycle, living in a nightmare production of groundhog day that renders us in table of addressing our problems while we repeat them endlessly, round and round we go looped the loose. I love it looped the loose. I haven't heard that in a racoon's age. Have you? No, no, you mentioned it. I was at song looped the loose. Here we go looped the loose. Here we go looped the lie. That's it. What is it? I don't know. Something. It's something you got it. I do. I doubt it. I do. I do. I do. I do. We got a thousand forty votes. Looped the looped the lie. I think no lie, man. We got a big press conference. It's not a press conference. What is it? A big announcement. A big to do with that's right. It's a big to the 30. It's a big to the 30. It's a big to the 30. Everybody bring a fork and we'll split up. Okay. It's a carrot. It's a similar. I'm not really all I found. I still like potato coral. I'm much better. Lushing. Yeah. Neutopai. Neutopai. Ha ha ha ha. You tell me that the fat. Chris there still hasn't seen fat. He took it home with him. And hasn't had his way with it yet. What is wrong with you? His fat. Yeah. And pink. So I don't want to go there. It's everywhere. You don't have to go there. No, geez. Speaking of gun laws, I'm fishing through here. I'm stalling because I got this one more stir from capital blue. Looking for ways to eliminate gunhole loop holes. Gun law. I'm going to say you heard me. Grappling with the deadly shooting screen. You are sisterie lawmakers. Say yesterday. What a lot of women in the gaff between state and federal laws. That can allow someone with a history of metal and list to buy guns. In other words, if you walk into a pawn shop and you go, They'll say, how many guns you want and hot? Oh, I had a great idea over the weekend. I must forgot about it. Okay. I got a great new way to dispense guns. You know what it is? What? What else? What do we dispense just about everything in? Plastic. Oh, yeah. There you go. Vending machines, baby. Get your gun in a vending machine. Oh, look at this. The meeting went, well, this is from Norma Kind. Is this supposed to be a confidential item? No. Oh, read it out there. Yes, baby. Would you like to know? They still want me, baby. He gave a written proposal. It even gets a nice for Fridays off. Great. Oh, I see. But Joe, a former DJ and I'll be hosting the Joe Bell enorme cancer from the Floridian State. Right. Great. Wait, wait, wait. He offered me to lie the way it says Joe had the low fat turkey played for a life. Who are you kidding Joe? I got news for it. Okay. Now it says agent to the stars and Craig Bidio of Fang. Yeah, what about you, Norma? You're fair. Craig's getting old and Craig, Craig Bidio. He's still as pretty good. See, he's always got to be some factory in there, you know? So that's good. They still want me. We're going to extend the contract another 100 years. Maybe give a couple of Fridays off. But we put a movement on. There you go, George. Where I go? Where I go? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to be. There aren't going to be any tapes. Don't you understand? I'm trying to say, you see, you're one of those people. No, really. You're one of those people that you can't be nice to. You know? Oh, yeah. Your heart is a rock. Your heart is granite. Yeah. Your heart is made of stone. But it didn't get that way by itself. Are you picking on the Mrs. Again? I don't pick on her. For Mama, Mama Sita. Hey, take your pick. All of these ladies in your life. Hey, your daughter is great. So she's a great man. Yeah, yeah, she is. I'll have to say that. I wouldn't recognize her. Well, she looks just the same. She's got a, she's a genius. She's a good woman. She's an employed. She has that employed look about her. And by the way, we're not sending anybody any pictures of your daughter. Okay, I'll let crap on her on that. My space. Oh, she's got her own, my space presence. Well, good. And a rich, full social life. She don't need to help him. Nobody. Now, she, I don't want to get an ambassador. Whatever. She's 18, right? Yes. She's obviously got some boyfriends. She's got friends. And she goes out with her friends. And what they do is nobody's business. She's 18. Including yours? And what she's 18. Yeah. She's a legal age. That's right. So she's got her own business. Now, there was, you don't really want to know what she's doing. She fulfills all of my expectations. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what's all there she is? Where she's supposed to be? Where she's supposed to be there. Right. And she does what she needs to do when she needs to do it. And so in other words, her boyfriend, she's fulfilling your own time. What? She does on her own time. That's a healthy attitude. Well, I'm going to tell you that right now, everybody out there would like to have a father of a girlfriend just like that. Am I right? Am I right? I'm right. Sure. All right, Chris? Yes. Members of Congress have shown a little political appetite, however, for a time to do with span federal and gun control response to the massacre of Virginia take. Swungho, we show who gunned down 32 people on campus, killed himself Monday, was invited to the psychiatric hospital, a late 2005 and deemed by a judge to present an imminent danger to himself as a result of mental illness. That's why I'm trying to disqualify him from purchasing it gun under federal laws for a short time. I'll finish this when I come back. I got interrupted there by you and your daughter. Stop your demand. If you're gay and want to win, skip on the coming year instead, we'll have a turn to take my stars and dear viewers. We want us and you want to give you a queer as ginger-bound, we don't care how gay you are. Well, I made plots from the U.S. 7 man, somebody won 19, we're only an hour and a minute away from that big major announcement. What could it be, huh? What could it possibly be? What could it be, man? I got any ideas? Any theories? Could I have to do with the dolphins? The dolphins? I don't know. Now, is that true, Chris? I think that's all. The dolphins first told me I'm in London this year. Now, we're going to all get to go or what? Is that part of the deal? Oh, yeah, I'm sure. Oh, you're going to have the little girl who's wearing blue jeans and a green shirt and she, and I wonder how would the mother get out? I mean, what is that all about? So what is that? She's stuck to help somebody and I agree with you. I understand. You haven't called in the car. That's your concern. There is no other concern. The rest of the world could be on fire. That is correct. That's right. It's like when you're in the air for it. Look, I was yesterday. And you see, all these little kids running around. And I, you know, one of those people are trying to buy my own business. Yeah. Good luck. But I just think to myself, is there a parent here that's with this guy? Because the kid is running loose and there's nobody within 100 years paying any attention to this kid. And like, and then you'll look back and like somebody is like, God, let around halfway paying attention. You know, when your kid bothers other people or lines up hurting themselves when you're not watching them. Chris, since the fact, did you read this? Oh, yes. That's a terrible thing. I just returned from lost Angela's California, and ran into the Phil Henry as he was leaving a Starbucks. I told him quickly that I was from a software that I used to listen to him when he was on the air with you. Then I asked him if he was still supporting George Bush. And that's when he told me to suck his **** and he walked away. And Chris says, if him, he says ****, a lot of **** in his facts. Well, how do you like that Chris? What does that tell you? Are you sure? I think so. Chris, Chris, could have just made it up because it's from the same MD that all these other facts. And including this next one. Do you notice that? The header on these? Yes. This must be the new hobby. It says, I sign my facts with a P. It says, P or Phil. For a number of few different reasons, number one is when I fast you and signed it, Phil. You thought I was using a fake name, which I was not. Oh, you remember this guy? Don't you remember Phil? I think so. We know Phil. Yeah, I'm not affiliated with any card dealership. I send every facts with my home facts number. No weirdness, no trick for me, sending through a third party. Yeah, call us when the party starts. Okay, call me a green. Also, I signed all my emails with P. Just lazy, I guess. Yeah. I've been straight up with you and all my facts. As I have opinions and you and like you, I express them. This is lies to Prince, so like, Stand out. I don't know. South stretched out. It's switched up. Well, depends on how you look at it. It says, I have opinions and like you, I express them without any BS. This is one of the greatest attributes of the show. Honestly, which in society they've put some emphasis on, Do you or George watch mind of men's? Men's here. Men's here. Men's here. What is that? Big men's here? The comedy show, Carlos Men's here. Never heard of it. Some days, it's 10 or 10, 30, and coming central. Yeah, he is the bomb. So he or he or he or he or he or he or he or he or he? Huh? If by bomb it, he means something that falls from a high altitude and that explodes on impact, then yeah. Is that bad? It's not what people want it to be. This is the field I was giving me all these diatrimes about the show and how it isn't that the guy I sure was. I don't know. Yeah. I don't remember yesterday. Well, whatever. Okay, thanks very much, P. Phil, whatever you're who we are. And I don't want to show and George's. Don't ever do it. We got a thousand 61 hosts on the pool. Our target today is 1100 by 2 o'clock or Chris dies at 2. And then we got the big press conference coming up at 2.30. And what? During which his death will be announced. I think it will make 1100. I want to give you like a little challenge. It shouldn't be easy, man. We need 39 votes. We got 37 minutes. There's just barely more than one a minute. You think we can't do this at this high paid show. Although I don't see much or anything happening there. 1061. I'm clicking that thing. 1061 baby. You're in trouble. Maybe Eric's doing it. Yeah, Eric's got the freeze on. Baby, Eric and Mr. Freeze. That's Milton Burrell, right? Did you say that again? Mr. Freeze? No, who was it? We looked it up. Vincent Price? Otto Preminger. Well, Otto Preminger, that's right. See how we forgot that was at least what five days ago. How do I remember that time? But Virginia court officials going back to my story here by going control. And since it because the judge ordered only outpatient treatment and didn't commit children to a psychiatric hospital, they weren't required to submit the information to be in the federal databases for background checks. In other words, Schlock lawmakers pushed yesterday to a little late search break. That was a call for uniformity between state and federal reporting to make background checks more dependable. I think everybody would agree that somebody with a psychological problem should not be a lot of purchase or weapon said Senator judiciary committee chairman Patrick Lee here Vermont. Second lawmaker is appearing on the Sunday news programs agreed. There was a definite failure of communication that ought to be changed with federal legislation said Senator Arland magic bullet inspector Pennsylvania. He knows his bullets, baby, especially the first team bullet that once you're Governor Conlay and President Kennedy. He knows his pristine bullets, baby. Tony or Democrats centered in a truck to a murder Republican Carol and McCarthy and outside just like he has to do with the required states to upgrade their reporting of mental health records to the federal database. The bill will provide new money to state stuff and automate their records, but also apply financial penalties on states that don't comply. McCarthy was husband was fatally shut by the range gunman on Long Island railroad is working with representative John Dingle, Michigan Democrat and strong gun rights advocate to get legislation through Congress. You're cracking your knuckles again. You know what happened to when you crack your knuckles? You're not going to come and shoot your ass, man. It's annoying. It's one of those eight sounds that we hate. Thousands, 70 votes. Now that comes through for fat crit, I mean for Chris. See for me to be called anybody else fat, like you were hanged for like that. That's bad. That's unacceptable. Well, not fat. Not so fat. You can't see, right? Can't see one. Other fat in my feet? I can't see feet? What else can't you see without a mirror? We won't wait to forget about that. That's kind of a new is fat. It means that only he said, can we move along please? You're always getting stuck in the groin. Meanwhile, he said he would hold a hearing sound guns and response to the Virginia Tech shootings. A Democrat who now control both chambers of Congress, have shown little evenness to top and existing laws or little confidence that such efforts would advance. Such efforts have been unpopular with voters in rural or swing districts in the past, where they love their guns, baby. Don't effort my gun for my piece. Federalizing a request for our arms deal is to conduct background checks on gun buyers and prohibits sales to convicted films and some people have been legally declared to have mental problems. Don't forget bad words kill people. Guns don't kill people. Bulletin guns don't hurt people. So, nappy headed hole. That's bad. Guns be good. That's right. Because that's the American accent way. Gun nuts. Gun nuts. That's it. That's redundancy. They made by planners. They be meeting highly of baby. Pliders makes bad nuts. Do you like planners nuts? No, they're a crap. Cash user or crap corporation. Oh, you hate craft. That's right. I'm going to go out and meet some craft macaroni and cheese just to piss you off. Good luck. I've got my bluster up to. I know. And normal get the contract done and then he's going to ask me going to fix it and have me sign on the dotted line. And he's going to reach for the pattern. Oh, like that. That'll be it. That's my luck. Even with my 50 billion dollar bonus in there, you know. I hope there's a big signing bonus in your norm. And guess what? You ain't getting out of it. The big sum of stuff. In normal. Let's say it's a job. No, we're going to rush. Press the platform for Shreddiel 560. The dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment, Jim Madditch sings, Do it. Well, I'll grab. I'm running free. Well, I'll grab. Here's the map, though. Jim Madditch sings, once it's raw. Oh, I'll grab. Oh, I'll grab. Oh, I'll grab. Oh, I'll grab. I'll grab. Oh, I'll grab. Oh, I'll grab. Well, I'll ride! Well, I'll ride! And first Jim said he built a little bit foolish. I like it. I'm gonna kill a whole ha! But now he says I like it. I don't like it. The mad dog just hit his an offer that cottage cheese bar. If he wants me to sing God Bless of the Arcade, it pays to use the cheese ring up there. I'll do it. Oh, I know! And everybody knows that it's so bad! Oh, I know! Listen to the mad dog. Sing of self-happy! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! Oh, I know! I know! Didn't do it! They'll do it all, block us to school. If you're hard-out, Joel, poor Joel Fineberg across the street as a ticket man. Somebody ripped up their ticket, I guess. And no ticket, no washi, baby. And I just tried to print that story out again from our page, and I couldn't even print. It just wouldn't do anything. After I went through that whole thing about how great it is to beat your feed them and Mrs. Hippie mother, whatever. Oh, now it will. There it goes. It just said my computer said, like, a little brain fart. Mm-hmm. Isn't it entitled? It is. Oh, geez. Oh, geez. He probably wondered what their long pause was. I was just building up with his knees. Oh, I really looked for it. I'd appropriate drop or something either way. Oh, brother, that was good. So I'm pretty happy. I don't want to read the whole thing, because that in part might like upstage the whole or sign that it's too 30 because I'm sure nobody in town has got any idea what this big announcement is a 23. But I just want to read the door for a time with folks again. Come on, you can do it again. Thank you. Oh, they're toward the Ascent of the story. You know, I'll never forget the day that she showed up at PizzaLoft. I think how Goldstein was there and everybody's other people in. And I had no idea who she was. The battling broke. Remember that? Right. And she stood there, like kind of like a statue. I kind of a chunky group. I was just going to say, yeah, statues usually made out of something solid. And like, don't you know who I am? You know, like, uh, like that. Let's just say no. Jell-o-mold of a person. Anyway, very jackass, wrote Saturday that dolphins are moving back to QM, which I'm sure couldn't have anything to do with the big announcement of a 230-to-safety new with my dog and Humper. But we're just Joel Fibre, you're quoted on here. I got to hear about this. I'd be put a loop, put a bob, a bob, a bob. Find Bar of City lost money on the dolphins. It wasn't comfortable offering anything close to last season's rights fee. He said he really goes to the contract last all season and it changed for financial concessions. He allowed the games to be simultaneous on Big One, or six, which is now all Paul and Ron all day, 28 hours a day. It was in the best interest of the station to not end with deal with the dolphins. There would be a loss as soon as the pen hits the paper, find Bar of City. In the best interest of the dolphins, he said he felt strong along during negotiations. I'm very upset he said. I gave them blood sweat and tears for two years, hiring Jimmy Seffo who belongs in a funeral home he so did. I gave them the world. Hey Jimmy, you're fairery. All they care about is money. They think they're so high and might as they can flex their muscles and get whatever they want from home every day. They don't care about anybody else's business or situation or needs. Now they don't care about your needs, they're in business. Okay, Joel, you idiot, you cry, baby, you're similar. There's nothing worse than a guy that's got millions of dollars. It's loaded with cash and he's crying. You know what I mean? What do you mean? The tickets dolphin show from 79 PM week nights, which was part of the right steel, will go off there immediately if not sooner, find Bar of City. Like right now, pull that baby. He went, I was expected to care regular dolphin programming, but details had been this close. Findberg said that the station was offered a 2.25 minute annual right speed. He also offered 260 way in the hospital, the incited cost and to cover the salaries of the announcers. I don't think they like your station, Joel. I don't think they like you. I don't think they like your horseball station. I don't think they're really happy with the whole deal. Findberg said that dolphins open some new doors to some national business, but said, I'll be a better station without all the financial losses. WDQM thinks you if I don't have the dolphins, I'll go to a business. I'll survive and prevail, he said, you should live so long, baby, as they say in Siberia, you should live so long, as the Siberian studs statin said. There's he the Serbian, whatever he is, Serbian statin. The tickets deal with the dolphins preclude the station from pursuing rights to other teams. Without that restriction to take a night for sure rights to the Marlins, or in the final year they're deal with WQM. All we can say that is, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Well, send you a salami sandwich, sujo, kosher, Hebrew national baby. I like that. They're going to pursue maybe the Marlins. Now that we're in the last year of that stiff, I mean, of course the only bad news about that is, that means none of those early weekday departures. And I'll be very honest with you. Our audiences do happy about those. People are really care about this show. The people are really love us like crazy. Have me a anti-neal of blow up dolls. Those people aren't too happy about those preemption with those stupid ball games. So they'll be happy if the Marlins should go, you know, just in case they should go. Bye bye bye! Like that, you know any? There's not a whole lot of interest. Just like there's no interest in the Panthers. You can't complain about the interest in the Panthers because there isn't any. Hey, Russ, you suck. That's it. That's the Panthers grow. Hey, refuse suck. That's it. And speaking of refuse. Well, I bet you're Chris is in my ram, but here I walk because you haven't said anything about a half an hour. I'll let you go, you know, watch me. Where are your friends? Right here! Oh! Where are you doing? Yeah, slowly. Right here. Texting my girlfriend and all that. Texting your girlfriend. What else do you think are you doing the show? Listen to you. Well, now you know, so he's picking on Josh now. You are really all over Josh's ass. That's fair. What did you call him last week? My little boy? Your boy. Yeah, your little boy. I called him your love monkey. Yeah. And I just said him a check for 1200 bucks. That's right. Yeah. Or maybe you were wrong. Maybe you're full of crap as usual. A thousand ninety three votes on a pool. And of course the best part of all of us, as soon as you start talking that crap, there are a whole bunch of people in the audience start hyperventaly. Oh, do you hear that? I mean, I'll just have to go to the end of the day like that. Because they all, they all assume something, man. Who the hell needs Josh when you got hands to them, man? Who the hell needs him? I mean, he's a good guy. Don't get me wrong. He's fine. He ever stole a free train. I take good care of him. I take care of him on the head. And maybe he was just subliminal. I don't only said him that one story to put in there for yesterday. I mean, who the hell's getting up early on the Sunday morning to look at stupid stories? Or was it Saturday? But whatever the hell day it was. I guess it was Saturday. I think I said him one early in the day. And then of course the rest of the day. I was busy, man. I had more important fish to fry. And I'm saying. Nope. Thousand ninety three votes. Seven more and Chris gets off the hook again. I can't stand it. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I can't bear. I know that he's she. I'm a car on the street. With a minute to beat. I'm at the cruiser. I'm at the cruiser. I'm at the cruiser. She'll realize then. She'll ever let him. She'll have no. The very up total all the way back home. I'm gonna go out and know where to go. I'm not swine. I'm asking you to go. I'm talking to the man there to go. I'm asking you to let him some change. But here's the blood of I was all just. If you want to find some fish, you can all the way. Go through things only. It's that day. I'm leaving with the mad end of the door. Oh yeah. I'm begging him to let the chai. If you want to hear that sounds. How are the stone-yots? Maybe that when you got to an other day. If you can't come up with a bad change in your slayer. And about as I have lost the real I needed. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm trying to get out of time. Come on. Hey Joe. You're done. I'm done. Come on. Come on. I'm done. Oh no. I just killed the change. I hate to admit this. I'm listening that. I haven't played it in a very long time. I hate to admit it. It's very embarrassing even for an old queen like me. He actually did a few songs I liked. Well, we're throwing it that once a part of time. Yeah. He made a mark of music. We are the world. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And I don't know. I don't like the idea. I just just keep the marketing is real fast so that we can keep those starving people by the end of the month. I mean, a whole thing is so stupid, you know. You will say for Africa, my ass. It sure works really well, didn't it? Yeah. Yeah, there's no one for me. I've heard of it today. It's just like that form aid and band aid and cool aid and... I don't like that. I don't like that at all. No. I like man of the mirror. E. What? You know what's the band of the mirror? No How can I tell that? I don't like that in the mirror. Why do? Like Ben? No, I hate Ben. Billy Jean. You know Ben. I've really jeans off him I'm the movie a wizard that is correct Ben was the sequel That was about the guy with the ransom. Who's the actor that was a woman? Don't tell me. Oh, geez I don't know. I'm not gonna tell you because I know who it is, but I can't think but you can Google it for Cornelian. I know that lazy for the kind of big box they're paying you. You can't reach over there in Google. Oh I'm gonna reach it over. Listen to me. I got to put my phone down something and didn't you tell me this morning that the engineers were having a nervous Duck quiz was telling you because it was so bad today. We're not running any juice today. Okay, I guess we had to give the dolphins all the money. I mean, you know I didn't really say that but we we can't afford to wrap right so Russell and Coco says I just thought you'd like to know that at one thirty QM signal was cut by 50 to 75% almost unreadable Upheared central Florida can anybody hear me now talking as loud as I can As always Neil says when the ratings get low enough, it's time for transmitter maintenance. That must be it Or maybe it's sabotage by the boys across the street. Maybe Joel has given us a little payback paybacks a bitch. I think that's what it is So what's the story of I say signal so long? We don't know I don't know let me just click this again to get to eleven hundred here. So Chris doesn't have to face the guillotine It's just thick and it starts a stick at ten ninety now. Do you get stick? I'm test duck Well, we got twelve minutes to get one more vote. I mean if we can't do that. Oh, there it is, love hundred Okay, now Johnny G who wants to part of time a year ago. It's data used to send his pizza from his establishment Johnny G's and it was very good stuff That's back when he was sane Now that he's turned into a self Deforekating groupie He just he must have four hundred messages from him today and the last one about the last two about the top friends list I don't don't you think pretty much sets for kids? I mean my space at the beginning was strictly for kids anyway And probably to a great degree still is or a wrong kids like me But people are worried about who their top friends are that to me is like wouldn't like childish gibberish seriously So I wrote him back or we spawned so I said I have two words for a Johnny grow up With several explanation points he writes back Like that he's having a rough year and just do it anyway Now I have no control over that nor do I even have any idea how to do it. Can you arrange that? Arrange what to have to give them on our top friends and a show page The gal can lie you and it's very solid the term to do it just to come in now Not now you know why Hold him down. He just said because he might come out building or something. He might drive into trap That's correct because he needs help and he admits it. He's Just compulsive and he did the good thing he deleted himself from that phony meal got fans thing which total bogus And anybody else on it who likes to show and understands the way it is now wasn't coming from us okay It was coming from some phony guy who decided on his own that it would to represent a bunch of crap on there You know I know that's unique and novel Anybody doing something like that So let me ask you this what do you think the big announcement's gonna be a 230 Tiotono after we met very jackass thing about you'll find it really talk about it WQAM hello Yeah, sir. What do you think the announcement's gonna be? I don't know but absolutely correct. I work out in Davy I cannot get the station in at all I just took lunch. I can't even get the station in my work truck. Are you serious? Oh my god. Thanks all bad news paly. All right, but you have a good I'll talk later. I'll do it tomorrow I guess I better practice my vocal manipulations or whatever my throat I better wobble a little bit because we're gonna have talk we allowed to rest we'll start project days I and then Davy can't hear the station and Russell and Coco said they cut the signal by 50 to 75% what are we doing using candle power with somebody going by a couple of candles Seriously, is anybody gonna tell us anything or and if we got this big announcement coming up in 230 who the hell's gonna hear it? Man oh, it's just to me. Hey, Norm. Hold off on that contract couple minutes Now go ahead. Just do it. Right. Just do it George George needs a security I need the money to maintain my lavish lifestyle. That's right and Chris will he needs a job, you know and free food And the free food that goes along with it all the perks like the free food which I can't think of any other ones So we got no no no signal. We got no power baby. We got no power. We're stuck on night pattern or something. I don't know Is that what I don't know. I'm just throw all hey listen I bet you those guys right now are out of the transmitter working on it feverishly and a transmitter too Did you tell me that the stuff is a real engineer? He's a computer kind of guy There's someone is at me. I don't think he's a player He's a transmitter running it about two percent just tell me. Let me ask you again Can you hear me how does this sound? How's that oh And I'll leave that but let me also ask you you like it now. I'll forget to come and get all the good Johnny G. Yeah, and the top front Yeah, yeah, I want no I not that I want to do it. I just I'm tired of it He's well like a little shroud. You know how little kids right if they pest you enough You find it say okay, okay, whatever take to you off my back. I'll sign it to him after the show You'll what I'll sign it to him. I'm sign it everybody now You're assigning I'm signing I'm using sign language. Oh, you're signing now I thought you said you were signing them like you're all the sudden new directly assigning a project Go doggy on the cars. He ain't good listen to you. He's not gonna pay no attention He's been on you for a long time. That's true So I guess I'll a little bit later on. I'll be calling Norma Kent and then maybe I'll call you and say he take your a George too But I didn't hurt my daughter said well now what then I would say that no that he would do it He did you hear what he did Oh Since 2004 those emails have been Separated from an R&C policy which is too automatically delete every 30 days to leave it So You You You Bye bye