Why do you play stupid? Just just one My dad is me here, you are not real It's done all of you who who Just you one It's made a fight about global warming But it's just all Yeah, all you folks who poo And those of you who don't But we're sure jealous about that I'll tell ya Tell one is five 60 there's Richard Quest with an 85 teeth Oh my god, he's enough to make you Let's have the revolutionary wall over again Let's forget about her Wack, let's send all the troops to Britain and bomb those bloody brits Bastards Anyway, we got all the stuff going on today So are you going to take care of that Do we get that? Because, you know, we have the money Down base pages on there It's like the... My job is done And soon it will be there What do you mean by that? Erick is going to do it Well, he's the one that has to do it Yeah He's got the power To take a shot I'll do that to the page you were talking about Is it the deal right? Who's that? Yes Yeah, because obviously a lot more people see that That than our our my space page And look at those comments and stuff like that And the kid with a t-shirt that says I got but Something that never It'll be done by the first break And I got was a crappy t-shirt But I guess pretty quick And I just counted around, you know, with a couple Young guys there in a gutty chair Each other's hands and each other's Basket I just... I don't know I mean, counting around is one thing It's kind of serious to me And we're all those rumors, you know, about Pretty and then there was that Pastey looking blonde girlfriend Which believed me if he was of a head of a sexual Bence he would be doing a lot better than that She just appeared, you know But maybe she's a guy So we got the ratings coming out And the second we got a great call to start Mentally And then we got Dave Johnson calling you Love our class With our derby preview You know what I did? I did a minimum of homework on the derby this time Okay? I really did because it's what's the point It's not a fair place There's 20 horses It's like... And when I was in Amsterdam Because the BBC is on a lot There's only stations when you're near Europe That's the only thing I would say is kind of a let down Is TV Although an Amsterdam They do have a lot of shows in English With sub-tattles, you know, and they just leave the English audio Thank God, old, you know, stuff But the BBC was showing the horse races I think on the weekend As I came to the hotel Relaxed for a little oxygen Between my activities At any rate And they have all these Dave and I have talked about it before They have these, what is this people trace? Is that what the hurdles are? Yes Actually I know that And the bricks are a great big on that And they have hurdles And it's just unbelievable Like the one hurdle Like six horses get wiped out To go falling all over each other And to jack these go flying in the air And it's like, oh, it'll be lost And it's like a four and six and eighteen On that hurdle there And they just keep a Gallup in a long Like nothing happened, you know While we held a head of destroy three today Just barbed variants That's what they are The bricks Maybe that's why they have those rotten nasty teeth Oh look at that quit-lism visiting James Town Shortly Don't anybody touch the queen? I'd forgotten I'd heard that before And then forgot about it Because I don't pay any much attention That particular queen Well who do you want to hear the queen? I'm very concerned who would want to Want to touch that bitch You know, I remember reading the book The World's But I could tell you that was really a very funny book And just ripped the world family That's why I found out that the thing was Batonberg and it were really a bunch of Nazis I mean Germans And the comment was Prince Philip was getting really Exhaust rate Because he couldn't keep the old bitch The queen out of his bed They obviously have separate Maybe even separate bedrooms I don't know because you know it's the royal family And everything has to be prim and proper And God forbid they should like, you know Do stuff like that But anyway, she, he couldn't keep the The world queen out of his bed Well, I know something about being a horny old queen Ha ha ha ha ha Believe me Wow Anyway, which is a question saying And put this into context Oh, she's I mean he needs to be taken out right now I mean like taking out for a walk like a dog I mean just taking out Jesus God Well, before we get to ratings And Dave Johnson and our journey preview Another great call here QA and hello QA and Those shoulders Rose still laying options Very jackass right to the hell this morning And it was a Chris who You know I got a Email yesterday in my space From some guy who's obsessed with Chris He said he went and he pulled it Work in any ran home and voted In the Well, whatever he voted twice on post We give our 16 hundred yesterday So I did it for Chris Then that make you feel good Kind of scares me a little Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Very jackass As Julie Stiffelis is decided His broadcasting future But his buddy and former dolphins Radio partner, Joe Rose Apparently still mulling his Several of the dolphins Radio played by play voice Are you kidding me? Confirm this week he'll leave Channel 10 with his Contracts expires in September Rose mean while was offered a three year Contract extension to main 7.90 to tickets morning host But was given a deadline with the next couple of weeks QAms got interest in Rose But isn't a lot of contact him Filist Contract expires September 1 Rose declined to comment but his agent Ralph Stringer said Rose hadn't made a decision As of yesterday afternoon Says very jackass Because Rose does not have a non-complete clause He would be allowed hypothetically to leave 7.90 of September 1 and go to work elsewhere Like QAms the next day Nobody would be surprised if Rose Phase it 7.90 is very though the dolphins are moving From the ticket to QAms Rose probably would not Won't have an opportunity to continue working As the analyst on the game broadcast The dolphins at QAms initially discussed having Rose joined several unended to an A3man Both but now there's a feeling And in turn 3 voices on the radio broadcast Is 1.2 many Uno Two masks Have you say 2 Too many Yeah 1.2 many Debussy out of Oh Well It's way beyond my capacity So W2M with dolphin offer The Rose likely would include a regular talk Show plus a role on dolphin pregame Repose game programming Probably not a role on game broadcast Unless the dolphin changes a thinking on 3man With which is possible it says very The fairy Rose the former dolphins tight end Intense for main release force cast Then B.C.6 Several mean walk it up Continue to attend the on this contract But never hang desire to do so Hardness WPLG's lead force cast 93 the former dolphins receive a reduced TV duties to Sunday Monday nights After landing the dolphins gig Helicopter's final PLG broadcast in September My wine business is growing And it's where my time needs to be spent Siffler and several of said my royalties to the dolphins And WQAM Siffler or main divorce with dolphins on the radio Hey Jimmy You're fairy Channel 10 to climb to come in on Siffler's departure But I'll raise decided to make real man So it's leads for us anchor after Miss Siffler's leads Former dolphin receive a ojamek duffy You give up his midday talk show on the ticket last summer Where he had a Oh point oh Met with QM officials in the past week Appeared on air Monday has been considered for a role Oh my god I hope it's just a jelly role Wow And this is really amazing This is really amazing QM likely used to at least one hour air for on air First not only for dolphin<|sv|><|sv|><|sv|> But also the handle some evening talk shows After the expected departure of the marlins after the season And the panthers the panthers The panthers were likely changing stations Possibly to the ticket Play by flame man Steve Gellley Gildstein He also had value as a talk show Bury says host Probably couldn't continue doing shows for QM long QM long to the walk after you show To get that voice off the air QM initially tried to have any k-apparing only after marlins games And other slots but decided to resume airing as light night show Every week night one change from past year's camp and goes out there at 1 a.m. not 2 And it goes out about the number of female sportscats who doubled from 1 to 2 With the Jill Martin returning and we are brody But we will end up with the cares And then something about Keith Olbrmann Oh geez And Bob Ever saw this and this one did that And Keith Shaw and Johnson And beginning Monday ESPN 2 signature morning show We'll say this name from Cole Pizza to first take And we locate from the Arc 2 ESPN's Bristol Connecticut studios On bonus veres says we can now watch Steven A Smith Argywood colleagues in high definition Well won't that be something to watch Steven A Smith Argywood colleagues in high death I'm sure George will be tuned and will be glued what the set So that's various take on all the stuff And the fact machine is going out and you just send me something here Yes Oh The rating is this the ratings? Yes Ah Oh be still my aching heart They're bad I'm told Are they really? That's what I've heard What a surprise not Big Is number one overall in mind 2554 Wow from fourth to number one This is before they put the one in ancient Paul on 40 hours a day 6.4 for big WBG Wow CNQ FM no speaking in glaze there's still second Power it would look at the jump they made from 12 to third 5.2 for power Radio hitmo all this is really heavy ethnic Radio hitmo 6 to fourth Hot 105 from second they dropped to fifth Radio on more all the ethnic all the time From first down to a time for six Love 94 from 7 to 6 And the coast from 37 to a 4 O That's the top eight overall the whole week Really bad well that's so surprised WSDJ no speaking in glaze 3.4 and 8 W EDR WIOD26 up to a 3 3 in over all the week Number 11 from 14 to 11 I'm still looking for a Oh no Oh no Do you see that? Really rolling them shing them Went from a time for 19 to 15 for the 2.8 And QAM from a 3 3 from 11 to a time for 18 to 5 They kicked our ass Oh no The ticket Then I can your Joel right now I'm going to see how to can ask all right your number 15 Wow I'd be pretty excited about that We're number 18 over that's the whole station Monday through Sunday 6 a.m. midnight Wow How disgraceful Square America went from a 2 6 down to a 1 8 An audio mom V from 25 to 24 They're making a really big move Look at that there's a station called WTPS They used to be I work there I manage that station in Kalamazoo and ported Michigan, 1968 and 9 and the call it is disappeared Because it became WVUK country buck And now there's a WTPS There's nobody knows what it is Do we know what it's an AM? Can you believe that? What? And by the way WFTL850 Oh my god, that's the what's his name? Man Coward station They got a 0.3 overall during the week Man Man at man Coward's sure doing it It's neat just like we are Hey listen we're nobody to talk The ticket kicked our ass Oh man You can just see Joel Frienberg over there High five Yeah, Joel you want to stay here man Hey Joel I hate you by the way Joel He hates you Which is you would die a wicked then So that's not a very good Not very a spikatory start That was in Network here's that line Remember that narrator with the deep voice? Yes And it was not that they view of the hard wheelchair Was not a spikatory or something like that Morning this man Oh, let's do the break first When we come back then we'll do the break down these day parks And I think probably breakdown is the word Why do you best? A valuable now And in a cold diaries on jay Me That me Me Me I've been all I've been lots of money Me Me I've been very broke It's you Sex is fun Baby pretty Me Me And in a cold diaries on jay Me no feel good Oh yeah me no feel good Ten 16 at five 60 WM You can say that again me no feel good Yeah And I'm shit my guts are Let's take a look at that schedule before we get out of these numbers Dig randomly is ratings Of course you can't complain about ratings on this station Because we don't have any but anyway I'll power our mad dog at two We have to power our word hanging in mad dog four to five Oh the humpers got to be on today Wow that's what it says here all the way I know because then it says 80 k from Vegas five to six 30 Because the humpers in the Louisville Now Marlins on deck at six 30 Marlins against to the Padres right here in town no less Well not here in town but they're in town 705 And then game night with Craig Mish follows the Marlin game The Marlins actually in play yesterday so that's good Men 25 to 54 this is our bread and butter release to use to be let's take a look at these Stueher numbers number one is big Wow no, what do they put around an ancient Paul on there for a million hours They had a 7.6 their number one which says a lot about the market In the morning WXDJ is number two WHQT have 105 oh and the brand it tells me that WTPS and Al Sharpen station Where they have I don't know a lot of angry dark folks Hot 105 number three in the morning Aralio on more dropped from first to fourth oh 7 2 down to before point nine share CNQ FMFA M8 49 to a 4 one There's still number five power 96 look at the jump they made over a power M.S.B. the Greg Ruden factor Two two four to a four one from time for 14 to fifth in the morning a power 96 An audio written mole is fifth of the coast is six. This is men 2554. You show me a gun Oh since two the coast two fairies W EDR dropped from 69. Well they seem to be fading Aren't they WEDR and they always in men they will weigh up there right away Life WLIF the music of your life slush is tenth and then waxy in the morning is number ten Time for tenth with a three point oh look at that they went from a two five up to a three point Oh, for that's Joe Rose who probably is coming over here. We hope don't stay over there Joe They hate to the he hates a Joel fiber like boys mookin no better What what did I tell you was the strong the perfect camels back when they let Joe Rose go in this show Yeah, yeah, did I tell you that but it was worth it because we had to get Howard over here Oh, I forgot about that. Let's see and but now their number ten tied in the morning Waxy with a three point oh what of our guys got all work We're number twenty one with a two two all boy wouldn't Kimba look cute with a two two one From a two four down to a two two dropping like a bolder from the top of the Empire State building Wow, and speaking of dropping look at us here midday. We're I think this is a record in my memory The record low. I don't remember ever seeing a number that low. No ever we're time for seventh though We're way above everybody else on this station is all I can tell you and we'd be to craft out of the guys across the street This is a one day prayer where we can be intimidated for real all the way to very embarrassing number last Ten to three we had a six point two. We were second and then the ten to two we got the number one right right. We do we get number. Huh? No, we got number one. Yeah, we did. Yes, what the breakdown. Yes, fairness. Here from ten to three We got a three point seven. We're tied for seven. So that means we got a four. I don't know probably was a four because the three one follows us So it's not going to go up that much for something four one four. We'll pass a radiative more So we'll be in the top five six. I'm like whatever we got not good not good not on this not a show That's a pretty Paul. You number, but you know something. You have to look at what's around you man That two two in a morning. That's just sure leaves me cold and oh, shivery You blame those guys. What is it? That's a going after new ones big oh big is just kick an ass Who was number one OCM QFM in midday? No speaking place IE and big boy big is just going crazy It's a good thing they need all those changes though. You know they were kicking ass and now they were on and Paul being on there 100 hours a day They'll probably screw it all up. That's what radio people do the best that's what management does the best they screw it all up Look at what great job they've done here big number one with a six eight in the afternoon boy I understand a lot of wired diaries over there a lot of you on more is number two dropping from number one dropping from an eight six to a five point eight Power from eight to third power 96 had a big book well That'll make somebody in the building happy they're running around proud as a peacock And when they see the QM members are gonna be going oh radio ridmall 37 to a four six there up to fourth love 94 is fifth love 94 CM QFM Number six IOD three one to a three eight. That's the instrument minister right in the afternoon Okay three to seven and then waxy from a two point eight to a three point eight The love bastard guy. Oh brother from 17th to a time for seventh kick our ass Of a coach three four and six HDR 33 a lot of your swabby three point one and w QM and afternoon at least we're consistent from a three point one and a follow a three point one in the O winner from time for 12 to time for 11. Oh, we moved up a slot So a little bastard and three eight we had a three one Not good But you can't tell these bastards anything because the experts are I and Z the Skir America went from a three point four in the follow a two point three and the winner book they dropped like a rock They just faded fast WTPS at a 1.2. Oh, what about in the morning the man cow? We haven't looked at that yet Because people keep asking oh he's gonna be the fact the reason he had he's got an old point something I guarantee that if he shows it all Let's see WF to yeah, well, that's how he's consistent and it was what a fall book yet Oh point three and the winner book. He's got a oh point three man cow. He is really a factor not So where did our audience go? I mean we had a three seven when we had across a street a 2.3 So we kicked I mean we had a four something tend to two so we kicked them double you know their number But all the other day parts it looks to me like they just cleaned our clock So to speak that's pretty embarrassing And then I predicted the night time we were going down baby we're going down you could smell it You could feel it you could taste it it was you know palpable whatever the hell that means The stench of calmenor, but now that we got the dolphins back, right? Huh? Yeah, that should we have an impact on that here's the apple from yesterday We did over 1600 votes during the show at least we're still holding little something there. Not you know I'm not saying we're kicking ass, but we have a little something in fact just for all time sake Let's play this for the last time Yeah, because I don't think we'll ever play that again not the way things are going in this joint That's what your favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom We asked you today and we had 1746 votes it right smack in the middle of a week and may wow By the way, all a sick would a mild a mile. I'll stick to a mile speak in about we have it all right by sleeping in Your favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom mash edge out all in the family. This was a tight-to-battle 197 for mash 1951 for all in the family Welcome back caught a 151 the Jefferson's 138 Sanford and son one 35 W crap in Cincinnati 131 Maybe we ought to change our colors to W crap Good times 95. I love that thong good times George Hateson. That's part of the reason they hate George great For any millisemity 7 taxis 65. I got a pounding headache now from reading those numbers. Well, that'll blame you I've got a nauseous myself Happy they 64 hour remember those The Murray town of more show 45 the odd couple 41 the love vote 35. We have to say right the love vote Beverly Hill, Belize 32 the Parfrage family 31 greatest American hero head Peace company 27 Tico and a man 27 the Brady bunch 26 different strokes 25 Mod 24 green acres 23 Dufsa has it 22 Le Verne and surely 21 soap 17 gets marked 15 one day the time 15 the Bob Newhart show 15 Alice had 11 room True to 22 too many numbers room 2 2 2 had 9 that's like the morning show with a 2 2 oh 9 for room 2 2 2. Mom had four As somebody said we had mom on here twice and we do mom's got 24 on the top and 9. I have to form more here So one had 28 big deal Facialized three Benson's three and road up had only one road up as in road up Dindron Well, isn't that special Mark on sure is special In fact, I'm ready to pick up look at this the whole button. I just knocked the yeah, I can't keep my bacon order. Would you their Chris? I just discovered a great new diet. Yeah, let me hit that whole button. Yeah No one will be a thing popped off because I got I'm so animated here after seeing those numbers I knew they were gonna be red enough first was it was a swore saying oh, they might not be so bad And I said who are you kid man? Who are you kid knew idiot you fair enough? Try to talk himself into it. You can't talk yourself at a number as clarity. They're got them where you don't we had those people by the neck We had them on the verge of extinction across the street. They were on the way out and we just we opened up the door We said hey come on back in baby here. It is let's just put it right in your hands Doctor well Friday you best This is a man behind the black curve Come on I just finished my whole set of war. I miss just the eye dress as bitch. It is love in words. I miss just the eye dress. That kind of song will catch the role. The role will be the role. Back to 10.30. What a final season. We used to be great man. There to be great. We used to there. Now I see Eric's on a fine job. Also a little editorial comment there on the picture. Eric always does a stellar job. I'm sure about that. I'll make your point. He asked me what the caption should be. That was mine. I was George's greatest great. That was a touch. That's his. I'm the right. That's great. I thought we were told him so he got a better one. What? I suggested a different caption. He discovered a funnier one. When you stop interrupting, Jesus no wonder people hate you like poison. Who does it? Brady Quiddle scores a touch down. Down there I guess is what I mean. It's got Brady's on the right there. And that picture and he's got these two other young guys there. They're touching each other's parts. I don't know what that is. I do know what that is. Okay. It's what it is. But he's got a big smile on his face which means he's either just fun and around or he's having a hell of a good time or both. I don't know. Maybe he's enjoying it. So I guess you're the Christian going you didn't go last night. Midnight to see Spider-Man 3 huh? No. What goes this weekend? What are you eating now? This is all of a tree meal. Bacon that's a common way in meal. Doing this next break. If I'm eating. I can already head man. I'm going to make some more to celebrate those ratings. What did I tell you? Can't complain about our ratings because we don't have any. They ripped and every sports I don't know about night. I didn't even look after we got to like 3 to 7. I stopped. I told you don't send any more and I can't take no more. I don't want to see it. Although I do have the nighttime. Let's see. One praises didn't print out. In fact, maybe that's an open. The nighttime that they had a two-four night across the street. They were 15. And what did we have? We're in the top 500 or. Where are we? Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We loved the Panthers. Look at what we had at night in this last in the winter book. From a 2.5 and a fall at night. Which we never do well at night anyway because we put a lot of garbage on. But in the winter we had a 0.7. Oh. Baby. I'll point. 7. What's your point? My point is I'm throwing up a little in my throat. Is what I'm doing. Who could have ever believed? WQA and we used to be great. Hi, Neil. How are you doing there? OK, sir. All right. Real quick. You're talking about the ratings and big 105.9 and all that nonsense. Yeah. I actually call them and I told them that since they extended fallen runs hours, that'll be two more hours that I won't be listening to 105.9. Good. And you know what? I'd love to get a book. So I could just take you guys in there for every day. I listen to you all the time. And well, you and George, you're not around and to how would fallen run. I just don't need them. Yeah, we either. Yeah, we're just going to be on the first. Once you're on the first time, it's dangerous. Exactly. It's just neurotic repetition, I guess. OK, pal. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I'm one of our friends. We got one left there. Good guy. He loves this. A lot of other people used to love us, but not no more. We used to be great. We used to be loved. We used to feel the love. And now we feel like. That's a great adventure. Is that one jackass? I can't. I never forget that as long as I live. Feel the event. Did we ever do the fool? I didn't do the fool. I don't know. We'll get to Spiderman 3 momentarily. All right. Dave Johnson and the woman that Kentucky Derby stuff. I started to say before I didn't do really. I did a little homework. I read a couple articles and whatever. And then I picked the couple horses that I like. I just like that one name. No business like show business. Show business. We used to be in show business. Remember? We used to be in radio. No. Right. Okay. That's about it. 783 votes on the pool so far today. We got a thousand made. Chris, it's good that we at least get a thousand votes. It means that all our people vote four times then. My spouse, girlfriend or boyfriend, is smoking hot 220. I got nobody 200. I got nobody. Oh, we're so lonely here at QA. Used to be hot enough so much anymore. 146 more like Luke warm. Now I guess. Oh. Used to be hot. But just okay 98. Well, we're going to the end of course. I didn't invent this pool. Somebody over there at the university dodge. I want to Kimbers Boyfriends probably invented this. And so I slapped that maybe on there in a pool too. Just okay 98. What if nothing wrong with looking just okay. I wouldn't mind looking just okay. And as opposed to this. Okay. Too fat 68. Average looking 26. Well average looking like George's average looking. You know, not great, not bad. Just average. Kind of like a non-descript. Obviously a sin 14 and 2 skinny 11. But that's bad. My spouse girlfriend is ugly as soon. 14. Well maybe they have some other redeeming qualities. You know, like maybe they smell real nicer. Maybe they've very considerate and kind and loving. Or maybe it's just, you know, they can't do no better. I don't know. That's what it is. The first 783. Spidey fans. Packs out Florida theaters after midnight. Spider-Man 3 Open for Special Midnight Previews. Yes. Today it's a lot of movie theaters. A coconut grove. I'm in sure for a lot of it. I'm a beach in dozens of other cities. The cod dolphin cinema in West State started showing the film about every half hour since midnight. And it's continuing to run through Saturday morning when it'll cut back there be hour. Oh, you know what movie is on? I should turn it on right now onapolis. And you know who's anapolis looking really good? No, I don't know. James Franco. Oh. He's like a human comedian. He never know anybody like that. Yes. There are people in show business depending on how much I guess drugs they've been doing in between last film or whatever. They look really great one time and then they look really, I don't know. Like not so great the next time. James Franco looking really good in anapolis. And I think he's running around naked and part of that movie. I've seen it. Mm-hmm. I'll speak in of Spider-Man. Now he's in Spider-Man 3 right? Yes. Well good. Thank God. The March and anticipated movie offensive nationwide today. But here's what some sneak peak viewers thought earlier this morning is they were leaving the regal cinema and Lincoln wrote in the evening. And of course on city calls here that we're doing the same thing this morning. They were interviewing people who've seen last night. Did it the same thing at all over the place. On a 10 point and why would you want to go at midnight to see me? Is it really that exciting? Well, it would be the reason. I had no law. On a 10 point scale how does Spider-Man 3 rate and why go to the midnight showing? That was what the Ash in the Harold. George Jean, Miami Beach, give it a nine. The other ones who were 10 this one was just missing something I've worked with. I got it a working came here said, Jorge, I guess that's George Zhang. Jorge Zhang? Whatever it is. J. Del Rio of Miami Beach gives it a 10. It was awesome. Everything about it. Awesome. I had to catch the catch the first. What was that mean? I had to catch the first. I'm going to have an end with them. Stephanie Hernandez, Miami Beach gave it a nine. I like that there were more villains than before said Stephanie. Sydney, Brass, senior date, Miami date country day gave it a nine. Bad guy, Venom was awesome. I brought my tickets by three years ago. Edith Friend Leah Erenson, she was so excited she cried before the movie started. Oh, whoa. Vladimir Dorsonville, an animation student. I'm sorry. That's the administration. Animation student Miami International University of Art and Design gave it an 8.5. It was slick. The storyline didn't stick exactly to the comic book. That's okay. I wanted to see what the graphics were like. It said Vladimir. They definitely lived up to my expectations. And Jose Bedia, film student that you have given it a 2.5. Ooh. The graphics were like video game quality was beyond cheesy. And the script didn't even get me started. Jose said, but I had to come check it out. And he did any any two happy about it. Well, it goes to show you. There's Rob, but what's his name? Marciano, they're on CNN. Standing there along, some kind of along. And I'm sure it's going to get a lot of you people excited. Maybe Brady Quinn might get excited. That picture raises a lot of questions in my mind. Remember, I was telling you months ago about all the rumors about Brady and he been spotted in this place. And I, you know, I don't know. But what turns is that man? He still got drafted 22nd. Maybe maybe that's a part of it, you know? Maybe there just isn't a big market for a game. According to back's name, I'm telling you, more now that we got, what's his name, Maria? He is married, by the way. They come to me Jeff Garcia. He's married to that hot babe. Okay. How is that possible? Nobody wants fresh breakfast. Maybe he's just, maybe he's just a little a feminine. They're plenty of head of research or guys who are a little on the femmy side or maybe he's just gay. Who knows? Maybe she's a beard. A dick. I don't know. Maybe. Not going to change my life. I'm not going to lose any sleep over it. Twenty before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, where we don't do any promotion we do. And we have, you know, who killed us, don't you? It'd be sad. Clarence. You know what put the nail in our coffin? I wrote windbag. I wrote windbag destroyed WQAM. Yeah. To cover, except for this one, he took over every show on a station. I still say we have a change of color. There's to WIRA. All, I wrote all day. And this is what happens when you put the keys to the king given the hands of a little child like Clarence and say, Hey, have a good time, Clarence. Let's put on every loser that ever can. And the fact that they've put no gimmick, Duffy on here again, maybe, who had a, Oh, point. Oh, cross the street, who belongs on the air like I have along doing open heart surgery at noon today. It's just, you, you just scratch your hand and wonder. What are these people thinking? Thinking? I do. You. You. Where's Steve? Sengaya, you stand on the talk, huh? Ready, thought of his two-plant. Pull up up, both fools were off. Time is thought. He was horrendous. America voted. Sengaya. You are going on tonight. Ah! Just be nice and say goodbye. I'm a little bit more bravo. All right, then girl. See you. Goodbye, then. Goodbye, then. Yeah, I'm on on. Bye, boy. That's it. That's it. Bye, boy. All right. Ciao. How do you say bye? Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye, dear. You know, there's no sense in getting we knew was going to be really bad, right? Yeah, well, I, I don't know. What is there to say about it? I mean, we knew we didn't know. No bonus money, right? Right. So what's the form? Whether we're like number five or number seven or number 85 or like at least we had, we were time for seventh. Morning was number 21. Afternoons were time for 11. And nighttime was number 855. But what do we have at night? Oh, 0.7. What do I tell you about hockey in this town? And thank God, they're friendly getting red luck. So I mean, not that I'm not a big hockey fan, but it's like, it's like, you know, nothing wrong with Halle Vaba. You're not going to sell it in Saudi Arabia. They just don't like it. They don't want it. You can't sell Halle Vaba in North Pole. You can't sell Halle Vaba Glym and you can't sell Kaka. I were a winback man. What do I, what did I tell you about him? And like you always say, what do you know? What do you, right? I don't know any of the people they say. They say that to me. They say that about what you say. They say we possibly say the same thing about what do we know about neurocasting about putting Alex Marvasion or video rating. And all these other non broadcast people. Let's get OG McDuffy on and put him on 50 hours a day like Ronald Null Paul. And see if we can break a point. Oh, wow. And I was nice screaming in yelling a year ago and sending emails to Jolly Jewelbot to Clarence and about this sports nerd. It's just people want to be. That's right. They want to entertain. They just don't want to sniff those. That's right. They want to entertain. They want to be an artist. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not going to move for that root time. Not in the mood for the QA and Psychotic. I am looking at picture again though. Brady Quinn and that kid with his hand on that kid's crotch. That puts a smile on my hand and a smile on his face. The other two guys are kind of like the kid. The kid in the middle of that. Brady's got his arm around there. Who's pretty ugly by the way. That kid in the middle. I think Brady could do a lot better than that. But anyway, he's. He looks like terrified, doesn't he? Well, he's got his hand and Brady's crotch. What is that? What do you mean what is it? Gay. Don't you know it's a basket-fest boy. Maybe the practice he brought to Oberfest. I don't know it's a basket-fest. The tisket of tanskid. Let me squeeze your basket. I just- I just- I just- I just- Where did that come from? I guess that's where he doesn't his spare time. W2QAM hello. There you are. He knows. Okay. I just want to point out yesterday's poll. What was the little mistake on this room? No, we don't care. Okay. Go to hell. That's my comment to use here. I'm going to certainly move now. And- and you know, we don't need knit pickers. Yesterday's poll, you made a mistake. You put mud on- Yeah, I'm going to email on my space from some jackass to tell me they had mud on their twice. Oh, skews us. Okay. We made a mistake. Well obviously we made a lot of mistakes based on these numbers. W2QAM hello. Hello. Yes. That's where did I reach? What is it? What number did I reach? What number did you call sir? Who are you calling? I was calling Neil. Well that's Neil. What number did you reach out? What did I say when I answered you? I said W2QAM hello. I'm sorry. I didn't choose this. Well. W2QAM hello. Oh, hello. What? I have a smelly sand China. Yeah, great. W2QAM hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I guess you'll want us to come in now. Yeah, come in from the pool. Yeah, come again. I guess you know we're going to have to go by our we're going to roast all of your ass in it. W2QAM hello. Oh, I'm just sorry. He's just QAM. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What number did I reach? W2QAM hello. Well, Neil, your rings are direct results of George Rodriguez talking on the ring. Yeah, that's right. Like the last 17 years where we had the great books. He got no credit for that. But George Rodriguez sucks. That's why we're number 7. We're proud to be number 7 in the middle of this Titanic experience here at QAM. W2QAM death radio. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know whether you congratulate your numbers or not. No. No. Okay. This is a deal. Me and the Donald mail 30 something. I listened to you from Ken to two. But other than that, Neil. It's not a light radio. Yeah. I radio is like having a constant GB playing. No, you can go from rock, disco, whatever you listen to. But basically what it's coming out through your shows the best. But be Neil and I have one request. Can you play that one that's somewhere on 907? Like future neo Rogers? What is that? Listen to the old Neil. Oh, old man. No, no, no. Get out of here. Old Neil. That was the fake Christopher again on a phone. You're not kidding us. 817 votes on a full. I mean, I, you know, we're getting a request from fake people. I'm not talking about this caller, but I'm just saying online. How's it going to end with lunch by the way? I think she's coming in today, George. Oh, gee. 817 votes. My spouse, girlfriend of boyfriend is smoking hot, 228. I'll ride. I ain't that nobody to 05. Used to be hot, but not so much no mole. 152. Just okay. 103. Lookin. That's 71 average. Lookin 33. Nothing wrong with being average. Lookin. Many of us would settle for that. Many of us who are way below average. I'll be a sin 14 and 2 skinny 11. Well, fanned them up a little bit. Take them off to eat. Although that can get a little bit expensive. 820 vote on a poll. Dave Johnson's going to be called. Let me probably do the break a little bit early. Okay. I want to be in the middle of an 85 minute break. That's another thing. But I don't want to go in all the negatives. You know, we're just, uh, masking in the glory of ancient success, you know? You just wonder, will people still talk you when you number 45 and number 75 and number 82 and a 35 station Markable. They still even, well, they still even dignify you by the presence. That's the obvious question. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. Everybody. Does want to let you know your skits are going national. A million out of couple weeks ago. Yeah. I got a guy on there and he calls up. You don't want to get one year life line. You get the call somebody while he calls somebody in Miami and the answer was, Bob, who would you like to? Excellent. That's going to do it right. That made my day. Didn't make you a day? Yeah. I'm taking that right. That's a good day. WQA and hello. Hey, I went last night since Friday. I give it a eight. I liked it. I liked it. The action was real good. The storyline. We get sentimental. We were laughing when there's where I guess we're supposed to be crying or something. But you're like it because the son of the goblin, he comes out with a shirt off and some little shorts. I know you're. I better go see you right now. See you guys. Okay. Thanks. Hey, one more thing. I'm glad you're off. Then pick a brandy Quinn. Yeah. Brandy Quinn. I like that. Brandy. He left the end out of his name Brandy Quinn. I don't know. Maybe they know what it was something about Brandy. 820 vote on that pool. I think it's a thousand. You know, it's all the numbers. Just they were so you forked with that 1600 during the show like just setting the world on fire. And now we're just not setting the world on fire. We're just. Hey, man. Don't make you way in. Hello. Good afternoon. I'm Neil. Good morning. May I ask your question? Anything you like. Thank you. You get tons of downloads or bits or drops or whatever you'll call them. You get the one from the Godzilla thing. Can I ask you where you got that time? Can you put me in the right direction? Oh, that's perfect. I want to get that for a double. Godzilla sound effect. Godzilla sound effect. Just Google it. Google it. Google Godzilla. Godzilla. Is that fix or. Oh, man. He's just. He just can't even help these. Not thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Not thanks a lot, guys. Perfect. He's been very self-flowers. He's in school in the right way. He's working on it and a Google too. What if that's top of the land? You've seen you're giving them good information. You should have found out. I don't know. Where I was. Is this a user man? That's a user and an abuser that guy. He's a self-free confloridious. Selfish, self-indulgent. No good. Yeah, whatever. Oh, and look at this. A couple more numbers came in. Oh, look at that. WFTL and man talks 640. Well, do they have call letters? WMEN. Says you're missing up two different stations. Okay. Well, during the break and after the break and after Dave Johnson, I'll check that all out. Because I'm sure he, well, if I can check it out right now, we got to come in at mornings. WMEN. That's man cow. He's not even on that one. I had a point three. Maybe he's WMEN. Let's see. WMEN is not on this page. It's not on any page. It's on, it doesn't show. It doesn't make the book. It doesn't, it's not in here. He doesn't exist. How about in mid days? 10 to 3. WMEN. Is it on the second page? No. Is it on the third page? No. Is it on the fourth page? Uh, TPS is a point eight. Uh, no. Is it on the last page? So he has a point. Oh. Oh. Nice going, man. Can I don't feel so bad about our, the number seven or whatever the hell we are? How the mighty of fallen jolly, jolly, you really doing it? This is the Neil Roger show. What the fuck? Solid. This is your point. What the fuck? Any questions? Oh yeah, there's some questions. O'O. Donald is leaving the year. Boy, America is sure going to miss her, Prop again to pushing big muff, blabbering nonsense like this. You wanted the way we go into a ran for the money. That's why we would do it. I do believe that it's a five physics for the world trades at their tower, seven, the fall the way it fell without explosives being involved. You think the government's perfect slie, misled the American people, so believe that Iraq has something to do with nine eleven? Yes, it's a proud. In America, we are fed propaganda. And if you want to know what's happening in the world, go outside of the US media. It's pretty obvious to anyone that listens to the rosy hates America. Well, the Christianity is just as threatening as radical Islam. But she loves the people who are trying to kill us. A ran is a danger. Iraq and Afghanistan never threatened to kill us. Don't ever disparage anyone who's trying to kill us to rosy. You think terrorists, you think that robes them of their humanity. That name terrorists makes them not human anymore. Yep, rosy loves the terrorists. But apparently she has absolutely no compassionate sensitivity for Asians. You know, you can imagine a terrorist like, you know, we're not to jump all the time. We don't want to jump any of you. We don't want to jump. We're not going to jump. We're not going to jump. Rosy's finally leaving the view and pretty much every rational American is thrilled about it, especially Donald Trump. Rosy, Donald's disgusting. I mean both inside and out. You take a look at her. She's a slog. She talks like a truck driver. Rosy is a loser. It's 1101. I didn't know that that line ringing. I didn't see it. Maybe it wasn't paying any attention. Or what? I didn't see it. Because Dave Johnson's always like, he, you could set the atomic clock by his call 11. Play. Maybe he abandoned us too. Maybe he heard about the numbers. Oh, that's possible. I think that could be it. We got the speaking of the numbers. 841 votes on the poll. So now it's like our life is on hold for a second. This is very, are you sure that you didn't make this up? Yeah, I made it up. Just set you up. All the call him. How's that? You're going to call him? Yeah. Well, maybe he's busy right now. Maybe he's punching his guts out. Maybe he's been waiting for something like that. Are you going to call him? Yeah. Go ahead and call him on the bat line. See, and say, hey, Dave, let's go on here, man. Just because you're old like, like, nearly. Call him on a cell. Not from the bat line. That's what it's like. I'm not sure if you're going to call him on a bat line because if you were, I'd see it. Right. No, I'm going to call him from my cell to his because that's where I have his number program. Oh, and then you're going to have him call me. Oh, this is a pretty complicated thing. Well, I'll give the poll result. Okay. That'll kill enough time to free the stall. That's where the horse is hanging out in the stall. And that's what we're doing here at 2 a.m. Let's get our win back on a photo. Meantime. See if we can't get down there in the ones too. See if we can get a two to two. At least we did a force on the nests for certain, right? In man. He's calling right now. That's a pretty, that's a pretty weak number by the way, a force on the front end. That's, as you said, almost unpriced and don't read numbers. You're using that. Yeah. Attaboye, jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly. And wasn't a jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly. I know you're going to have a gigantic march. If we could just play a couple of fart sounds, I think they would put us over the top. I'm watching line 12. I haven't seen anything happening. I do. I do. Now, just like magic, there he is. That's what they were. They was getting a little org. The rest of us. Right, Dave? Good morning. How you doing? I'm doing great for an old man. I'm doing great for an old man. So how's the weather, Louisville? I'm in New York. What's wrong you doing in New York? Well, I'm finished in Louisville. I came home. What does that mean? I'm finished. I did the draw show. I'm not there. There is no radio broadcast of the Derby. So I'm all. I'll be on the couch like everybody else. I'm here. You're not calling it. This has got to be the first time in what since we grew up in 1915. I called that race. Yeah, I know that's what I'm saying. I can't believe that. There's no radio of the Derby this year. Well, I think there is. But I'm not involved. I think I actually think there's some radio. But it's not across the country. Maybe it's a local thing. You kind of like you doesn't mess around with some local kind of thing. No, I mean, you know, I wasn't half. So I'm coming home. Oh, man. You and Letterman. You're the only people I call for now. Well, there you go. Listen, we wouldn't forget about you. All of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, got us together. Well, I want to find out who you like though, because, you know, you've been in the long line of text. I think you're beaten me. Listen, I got news for between the two of us. We couldn't pick a winner in a two-word race. If chicken picker was one horse and the secretary was the other one. We still couldn't picker. Well, at least we give people horses to eliminate. I got to tell you, I still don't like this 20 horse field business. I can't stand that. Well, you know, it's not a horse race. It's a cattle return. I wish it were 14. I think that would be a much fair race. But, you know, then there are some derby winners like Francis Canyon Arrow. Oh, no, what was it? Yeah, that was Canyon Arrow. Yeah, the Canyon Arrow? Yeah, he would have gotten in. Yeah, but there's some long shots that probably wouldn't have gotten in if it wasn't 20. How about Jocomo at 50 to 1? Yeah, how about him? Yeah. I mean, they're saying people are back with Tiago. That's a pretty good horse. Long shot. You're going to pick a long shot. I got news for it. I didn't do a lot of homework this time because in the past years I've wasted a lot of my time reading the racing form and reading articles and trying to study up and then we want to pick and our nose. You know, what's the point? So I just basically picked a couple of days. I did a little bit of homework. I picked nobody's like show business. Only because of the name because it seems to be a pretty good horse. Yeah, he does barkly tags a good trainer. I think street sense is my top choice because, you know, I'm very, high on on the trainer Carl Naskers at terrific horsemen. He wants a breeders cup juvenile on that track. And even though there's a jinx against two year old champions coming back. Carl, Carl is a kind of a trainer that could get it done. Well, I swim out. I picked nobody's like show business doing and looking him up in Curlin. Well, Carl and could be a freak. I mean, he might win the Kentucky Derby by the same amount of lengths as Barbero and we say, well, what do we, why are we not there at $12 or $14? You know, Z's going to love that kind of a price. I think if you think that can be a choice, I think it'll be second choice. Maybe five, six, the one five or six to one. Yeah, I can. Well, you might get, I'm going to use him in some exact box. So that's what I'm all it's all I'm going to do. Maybe maybe a tri box. But the street sense is my number one choice. But you know, I'm looking at the, at the Oaks today. Have you looked over the field to the Oaks? No. Well, let me tell you, there's a hunch play in here. You know, you know, my, you know, I tried to get tested to be whether I was the father for an anacol's baby. Don't you remember my Christmas garden a couple years ago? Anyway, I touched it that line. Yeah, go ahead. My dearly beloved Anna Nicole. But listen to the horses in today's Oaks. Are you ready? Yeah. If this isn't an exact box, I've never heard of one. Are they got dream and a van, a red to riches? I again, swift camper, high heels, and the best of all, cash included. Wow. I mean, that's got to be a, a superfect box for me. Any old. I'm still listening to, I should say the shock. Okay. I'll go back to it. Now who are you picking with the street sense? So you're hooking him up with? Well, I'll go with how much circular key they, the, the Todd, the, the Todd, the Todd's got five of the horses out of the water train. Yeah. And I think circular key might be the best of the, of the, of the bunch. So I'll use him. I'll use no biz like show biz a few, if these are leisure top choice. Yeah, it'll make me feel better. I'll use it. And then maybe Tiago as a long shot, the clunk up in there. Because he can go mile and a quarter. I know that. And I was telling Georgia in the last hours about, when I was an Amsterdam, this couple of months ago. And watching those races from England. And those steeple chase races. And we talked about this year until go you and I. And the fact that horses are just falling everywhere. And those hurdles and the jockeys are flying. And horses are falling on top of each other. And at the end of the race, they were only two had to be put down. You know, and it's just, what is that? What is that all about? Why don't you animal lovers put a stop to that? I'm surprised they don't, but yeah, they're, you can bet on how many horses will finish. Really? Yeah. I think if they start with 25, you can actually bet that, you know, it'll be five or eight or whatever. I don't know. I don't get it. I've never seen anything like in my life. I mean, there was one hurdle where about six horses went down the same time. And the announcement just he was just lowly gagging right along. Like it was nothing unusual and life goes on. I guess for us, not for them. But I don't think they have many depths over there by, you know, falling. I think we have probably more horses that are put down for broken bones and things here. Like Barbara. Well, he didn't dive a broken bone. He died a lot. I don't have an eye. Yeah. That was the after the injury and I raised. Yeah, but putting the weight down on the wrong foot or whatever, something like that. You don't really think, I mean, you like streets sense. But you don't think we have less than turns out to be curling. Super horses here. We've been looking one for how many years now? Well, we used, yeah, you know, I thought, remember Empire Maker, the year he was, well, he was with funny side, wasn't he? Right. I thought he was the closest thing to a triple crown when he was before the derby that I saw and then he'd even win the derby. But curling could be the real deal. I mean, street sense might show him up. Could be a freak. He could. You said, I don't have a freak. Like how we co-sell. He's a. Yeah. I had to get that in there. Curl is only been to the track three times. It was the first time he ran he ran so fast that these people bought him. He was trained by Helen Pitz then now they gave him to Steve Aspison. Steve's only had him for two races and he won both races by a mile, like eight or nine, ten lengths. Right. So Steve doesn't even know how good he is. So he could, he could be any kind of horse. And I guess there's only one horse can win the triple crown after tomorrow afternoon. Excellent observation. As usual. Okay. They've listened. It's a great hearing from you sitting there in your counter. So who you're going to take? Who's your top joy? No business like children. Okay. And I'll take street sense and then we'll talk about it at the break. Okay. And I took street sense out. Okay. And you, you since that for me. Okay. Thanks Dave. Take care of yourself. Bye bye. See you. What do you say he's the father of animals? Baby. He's a content. Oh. Wow. Somebody picked me up off the floor. Eight hundred and sixty four hosts on our pull by the way. You're a spouse, your boyfriend, your girlfriend, your this one. How about that more than one of the above? All right. So basically, see, I didn't want to, I just, the thing with her by racing to me is it just so disappointing last several years. I just can't get all excited about it. But I don't want to like, poor cold water on it. So how do you like the fact that Dave isn't doing the broadcast on radio this year? Whatever. See, that's what happens when you get to be old and gray and they just discard you like it like a used dish right. Beware of exploding ball. It's the certifiedly and saying. John McCain, singing his way through the hearts of voters across the country. Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Big strike, big strike, big ball, big bullies, big ball, these ball batsp tffaxman at, he packed a bag dad And his cheeks, 2 in bark on a binge boys, drag jagged to hera and it been nice to have, you try to be assured discharge sua. So every walking found spawner said as your covert I will have no function and pouch shoook Thank you for your post-makingay The.(s but So down to my cheeks, where I store nuts and many other things. I can just put a room for my wild car keys and even a wristwatch. And I am crazy at home. McCain's message is clear, if you listen carefully, do the voices inside his cheeks. God only knows when we are getting on the get-in. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. They are fine, signal, I see you guys. 118 at 5.60WQM. They sounded good anyway, sitting there on the desk in New York. He always sounds the same, he did this in age. I guess your voice does not, sure does. I am like that from the condo. I may be somebody else sound like that. Just sitting in the window of myself. Anyway, this fact just really cracks me up. I think you are missing out two different stations. Mancows not on WFEL. He is on man-talk, WME and the old WGNA. Those of you who are like, for 10 to your selves, like Steve Lampo, you are for 10 to the these marginal Palm Beach, groward, whatever these low power stations are. The nobody, even those where they are in a battle with the colors are. They are both owned and operated by the James Crystal Radio Group, and they are all ready to go to the radio station. And then it's got the line up here for the two stations. How they do up against you? I'll tell you. The same thing they do against everybody else. Oh, boy. Oh, can't see everybody. That's just against me. They don't show up anywhere. Men talk 640. They don't show up. Oh, mancow, Dennis Miller, Roe Me, like all these people. They got a point. They don't show up in this sub book. And WFEL, like I said, Dr. Laura and Bill O'Riley, the radio factor, they got a point three from 10 to three. So, evidently, the James Crystal Radio Group continues floundering in the staggering and all these things. Well, I'll tell you, let's go back now that we got the time. Okay, we had to rush that little bit there in the first hour. I want to go back and really analyze the lines. Really? Oh, yeah. You don't think you weigh in, hello. Hello. QI, the new? Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, how you doing? I'm sorry. I called him in, go about the... God's doing. Okay, good. You know how to talk to you, General. Okay. Good loss. He called him in and he go about to Godzilla. I'm going to go to the board. I'm going to talk to you again. Okay, what is wrong with you? Well, what is wrong with these people? Nobody wants to hear about your Godzilla sound effect. Get a life palli. Get out of here. I have no line. Take a hike. WQAM, hello. How are you doing this morning, guys? Okay, sir. Hey, what do you think of this QAM bowling team? They got going. Bullying? Did you hear about this? No. Oh, sir, is bowling with those? No, they're bowling. Yeah, they're bowling with Don Carter's wings and camel rack. It's a QAM guys. Yeah. You're not going to be bowling, are you? Well, what does that mean? What are you talking about? Are you like a bowling team? They have a bowling league. So what am I? So what's wrong with that? I used to bowling three leagues as a matter of fact, in Kalamazoo 100 years ago. But who cares whether they're bowling off the year? Okay. Maybe we have to start bowling on the year. Certainly could improve in some of these day parts. Not that I want to start playing amateur program director because as you all point out all the time, what could I know about that? Right. No. And I'm sure they're well aware of that. I know nothing. W.A.M. Hello. I nail fire at a horse running in the Kentucky Derby. I named it Navi-headed horse. How would the network sound? Navi-headed horse. I like that. That's not just that. Great. Fated horse. Was it funny? Yeah. Don I'm just going to call the race because Dave Johnson's at home. W.A.M. Hello. You're sure? Can you play the bridge tender? No. I'll give you a kiss. No. No chance. Yeah. I know where you're going next. I have to think about that. Send a picture. Okay. How we got to do it? If we can play one or two fart sounds every now and then, just a little one, we might still have like a five. That wouldn't be great. But I mean, time for seven. What kind of a number is that on a prestigious show like this? And these people are sitting around on their thumb. You know, you're like, oh, we got the belly and way up there. We got all these spots on. And we're going to make them some money. Yeah, you're going to make a lot of money with these kind of numbers. Let me tell you that right now. 8708 votes. And if normal can't think so, I'm going to kiss Jolly Joe's ass after looking at numbers like this, because he's in the middle of intensive contract, we know when to go to the association. I might have to rethink that whole deal anyway when you come right down to it. I mean, what we want to do is stick around long enough that we can work it down to like a, like M.E.M. You know, like a man call a point. Oh. W.Q.A.M. Hello. What's the wind coming? It's about the one to two hours. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, I know it is. Okay. Great. Anyway, I was thinking, did I do no more about radio and anybody else except one of the person? Yeah, was it? Yeah. Yeah. Only you and Ricky taking no more about radio and anybody else. That's on the business today. And? Well, you know, Ricky's about ready to respond. You're still on. Okay. Thanks for the first vacation. So I'm the nation. My sweety voice friend. What a very bad morning voice. Ricky Tickey's got one week to go. Working graduation, so Rick Rick shot. There's a guy got to give a tip of the cap to it. I don't wear a cap, but tip his cap. Tip it can do when Tyler two, whatever that means. Remember, tip it can do when you're in Henry Harrison? No. He's the guy that couldn't get out of the cold. He died. What I heard. Yeah. He's still dead. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Very controversial. Ladies. Well, controversial. Yeah. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Go on. Hey, Neil. Mr. Uh, could you talk about it? Can you talk to Daryley? I heard that. Yesterday actually heard that Michael Jackson's going there. He heard those there were a couple of three of them. Well, he's going to be two by the way. Queens are two by the way. Queens are two by the way. Queens are. She's not the only one. I'm sure. Don't touch the queen. That was the big thing they're doing on there. They're five people who have touched the queen and five Americans, I guess. Well, made them mistake because they don't know the etiquette. And you're not supposed to touch the queen. You don't shake her hand. You don't pat her on the back or on the booby or a. I have no idea what you were. Her call broke and really had a touch. It's silly. It's silly. Just like the brids. They're silly. They're silly. They're silly. They're silly. People. You don't have to go to London to see the bread or anywhere. You just go to Amsterdam. Any weekend. You'll see a bunch of really silly people getting very drunk acting really silly and we be loud and really stupid. And those are the brids. They'll give you the schmits. The queen is in. Where the house she was in Virginia. She was in James town. She was saying, oh, we're so wonderful. We just colonize you poor people again. Yeah, we've never been the same since we cut the core with you. And at least in America we spell color COLO R without the you. You know, a favor color all over the you can't of the still hasn't cut that on Biblical court. Labor LABO U R. It's very laborious. WQAM hello. No, I just wanted to say George is gay. Well, great. We're really delighted to hear you say it. WQAM hello. Could you praise the bridge tender? WQAM hello. Room 227. I can't tell you that early. The one who's wrong is wrong. It's all the way to the bottom. No, no, no, no, no. I don't treat you to it when you're still a jackass. WQAM hello. Doesn't the thought of a woman president scared of women crap that. Why is that? Magic underwear, baby. Magic underwear for everybody for free. That's scarier than a fundamentalist president. Yeah, that's right. Scary than some fundamentalist guy that we like we got now. Some of our business and fundamentalists. Yeah, doesn't the thought of a more men president scared of. Yeah. He's got about as much chance of winning as I do. 87. He got about much chance as a man cow and at number one. Thank you. And again. Why do you wear steel? Goodbye, kitty Carl. I'll tell the truth it's been a while. You had a pretty good run on that surprise. You'd rather see a guy like this at the 10th of the age of 90's. Oh, that's one less angel panelist. Professional contestant. Next morning, old actor death fool, I put my money down on Charles Way. You still alive that I'm ungridden. Hey. You did a monster to spell the rest with angel, Swilled with such a sting, wish game show caught me. I should be sad. Better to not most than a person be. Only Francis John, maybe but how you're best by the sun. Resting in the memory home of all forgotten names. Of further birth, of dawn, you're dead. 1132 at 560 WQM, Mad Dog at 2pm afternoon. And what can I say? Let's go back and look at those numbers again. Maybe there'll be differences time, George. Maybe I'll make some up. Look at that. We had a 42 share. Oh, right. Monday, Tuesday, Sunday, the entire week, men 25 to 54 that coveted demographic. Now let's see. I would these go three, three. Waxies got a one from a two one to a two eight. And then this is the weather book. This is January for brain marks. This is post-doughin. And QAM went from number 11, which is pretty embarrassing as it was back in the fall 3.3, to tied for number 1825. Had with that, oh, there it is. MIV. That's the station, isn't it? See this idea that they gave me this man talk. I, isn't that, no, that's not MIV is on FM. That's what am I talking about. That's a music, men in black. We're tied with them. We're at number 18 over all during the week. Number 18 and then 25 if you already have any idea how embarrassing it is for the work of the talk station. And what I'd tell you about sports talk. The format is, but nevertheless, we know nothing and they keep pludging on. You know what people want when they turn on the radio, they want to be amused. They want to be entertained. They want something. Yeah. They don't just want to hear the same thing. They didn't bend bags. And I'm not just talking about our win bag. We have plenty of other win bags. But our win bag in particular, they don't want to hear the same guy talking about over it. However, it's all right. So you got some out of your ears and not your black dome. That's right. Every orifice in your body. But I know what I'm just, I know what I'm doing is just thinking out loud. That's all I'm doing. I'm not trying to give anybody any suggestion. I'm just all I'm doing. I'm just thinking out loud. And I have a habit of doing that. Opening up a big mouth. I would be in doing no great chase. And I will say this though. If you put those two numbers together, Waxy, and QM25, we got a 5, 3. That would be a bad number. But pretty much what you've done is divided into two. And because this station doesn't do any promotion or any involvement or you. And our idea of what the way to combat is to take anybody who failed over there and put them. Let's grab right up and put them on here like O.J. McDuffy. The fact that they've got him there, I mean, that morning show believed me. Doesn't need any help in failing. Do you know what I'm saying by that? Do you want to hold the bouncing balls? They don't need any more nails in their coffin. And the fact that they took him and put him on there. To talk whatever they see we talk. I don't understand what he's even saying. To me it's mind blowing. Now who's idea to think that was? Do you think that could have been kind of pissing that could have been him? What? And a brain trust? Do you know what I'm talking about? You're hearing me. I'm tuning you out. You're hearing every word I'm saying, Mr. And you're weeping. You're sitting there. We're not hearing you. Whatever. And I don't blame me. We all ought to be. Maybe you can do without the bonus. I can squeeze by without the bonus. Okay, Mr. I can squeeze by. And if we have another couple of books like this then I'll Kroke and then if you're in my will then maybe you have an I've money to cover a few bonuses. In fact that's what you better hope. You better start talking real nice now and hope I stick your ass my will for a couple hundred grand. Because otherwise if you think bonus money is going to keep you going for a while. You better I ain't going to see that. You better dream another dream man. You better think another thought. Don't worry. 890 in the pool. We'll go over a thousand today. And we don't really care. Talk about depressing. I mean, you know everybody has a bad books or bad monster, whatever. But it's just you could smell it. You could feel it. You know, like those people on the Titanic they could tell that water was coming up over their head. You know. They could hear all the screaming and the carrying on around them. And they knew something was happening and it wasn't something good. My spouse, girlfriend or boyfriend, is smoking hot 252. I got nobody. I got nobody. 123. Used to be hot not so much anymore. 165 not so hot. Oh. Just okay one o' eight. Too fat 77 average looking 45. Like I said nothing wrong with being average looking. Most people would give their left not even women to be average looking. 46. Ugly a sin 15 and two skinny 13. We'll see that 2. 579. Two skinny. Sultimented Tracy only 13. 904 there by the way Chris. I'm sure said it now. I'll be excited. Let's have a week today. Let's like some of your type candles. Let's wave our hands over the candles. Baroo hot to say a prayer that maybe we might make it a little comeback. Of course we got cursed with a really brutal January. Once that month went down we were done for this book. I totally did that. Yes. I mean it was like none of our people got diaries or they just all turned on us like cornered rats or whatever the needle was. And of course satellite radius got nothing to do with this for the other mavens out there who would. Well you know now let's satellite radio because it's a share of the people who are listening. The numbers that we're giving you that's a share of people are listening. So it has nothing to do with satellite radio one way the other. WQA and hello Josh Daros should be fired. Right. Amen. Let's get Josh Daros fired. How you like that? That was probably the process. 3. In fact maybe let's send him over there. That seems to be the routine now. It's like we've all been door out of QA and in the ticket. In the QA back and forth. They are just just run across the street. Oh there's the queen with a really nasty look on her face. Oh and that's because vice president Cheney is welcoming the queen and she looks like he's a real far bison. That's what she's thinking. You can tell with old people are thinking because they have all these real all these wrinkles and stuff. I don't have a lot of wrinkles. Although I think after today that might change. WQA and hello. Yeah I must be stupid. I'm on your website. I can't figure out how to vote from there. Is there a place you go to vote? Do you see the poll? Yeah. And you can't vote? No. Why not? There's nothing pops up. Yeah I just keep working on something will pop up. Just keep looking at Brady Quinn with his hands on those guys. Crack is something will pop up. Brandy Quinn. 9.040. Didn't chose to go. And if people are going to keep calling badmouthing George. Probably the third best broadcast around that station right this minute. Okay. So I'd be able to play off George. No we're not sports intensive. I think he's no hour windbag. I'll say to that. Well I need to out smartmen either. But you know we can only hope and strive to improve right? No. The post of those guys die right? Yeah I bet honest to God. You know these little want to be muscle boy. They're fat now that's shaping. They want to be jack. And I'm sick of the whole thing. You know what? Yeah. So I, you know. You know. Let him keep hanging around the hurricane lock rooms. If the jack is wrapped up they want. And then when you raise keep going out of the, Oh, by the way, I'm going to ask you. Are the ratings based on the whole thing or If you were the ratings. You're the one. The whole thing. Since you got 24 minutes, the commercials every hour. Do the ratings go down to the commercials or Why? And not on this show. We don't. Maybe that's why we still have a little bit audience left. We don't run the 85 minutes an hour. But listen, have a great life. There's a guy now. He must work across this tree. If there's no question about that. And that's basically what it boils down to is our people call their people and their people call our people. And it's like, you know, a bunch of little kids in the playground. And that's, is that what kids do? They play games in the playground. That's all about. Give me the ball. Give me a, uh, way. Give me a game. Oh, right. Sorry about that. 920 people. It's on a pool. I'll tell you one thing. No matter how bad I like, if I turn about, listen to me, I probably look extra surly and extra bad right now. Extra bad. So bad that I knocked the thing down off the, I ended the audition line. Did that bad? Mm-hmm. That's, that's not a good day. In 2004, those emails have been separated from an R&C policy, which is to automatically delete every 30 days to later units. So, we screwed up. Oh, the email. I'm older, leader, email. You can delete the audio one. But you got a path. You got a people leave when you no longer see me on your drives. But I'm still alive. I'm still a fool, but I'm right. I've made a great one, but I'm not. The great for me, I got to see that you think. Oh, me away. All the day, the is sick. No one can type in you saying, I'm an email. You can't erase the mail. It goes into many circles. They can't say they've been lost. That's, I say, the dog, if my homework. It doesn't work that way. He just don't want to produce no day, no. No, go wild, house. How old are you, so is that no doubt? You, so you, back over you, too. They can't read any paper. But try to face the blame on them. You can't stop the radar. I just don't go away. You can't bear with your prayer. I always even trail on an email. No, I'm an email. My heart's email. You can't stop it. But I'm still paneled. It looks like you violated the hashtag. And I'm a class. Another eight-day minute gap. And is the real difference? All right, public and my drinks. When did the public email? Something's nice. But you can't make it. Go away. One, two, seven, eight, eight. Docs and always be proud. I'm just emailing. I'm going to play this again because it'll make you feel better. Okay. No, we're not. Yeah. Yeah, I want to hasten to add that. We're definitely, or not. But we're number seven, time for seven. Almost number seven. We're like number seven and a half. I predicted this. I've been screaming about it for a year and a half and Jolly Joe. But it would be, it would be, it would be, it would be, it would be, it would be, it would be, yeah. Jolly Joe, who doesn't even know that I'm on Tuesday and Thursday only in the summertime. But I'm not going to rip him because Norma Ken says, Oh, don't get him all whipped up now. Well, yeah. Right. Whatever. You know, I can take it. I can leave it. You know what I'm saying? I'll survive one way or the other. Not going to miss any meals. No sugar, by the way. Chris, yesterday, that's two days in a row. Aren't you proud of me? No. Although now, see, now it's the depression such as a thing. Yeah, no, no, no, no. What? You got to get a different attitude. See, starve yourself out of depression instead of eating, you know, for comfort. Oh. I think I'm depressed about these numbers. I'm a first of all. I knew we weren't going to get the bonus anyway. So whether you're fourth, fifth, seventh, uh, 180. And then again, at least compared to what we're surrounded with on there. I mean, the nighttime, a point seven, which is in the winter time. Of course, mostly the panthers. We love the panthers. We just don't pay any attention. We don't want to know about them. And we certainly won't listen to the game on the radio on the radio. Oh, oh. A gay couple is asking for an investigation after they claimed they heard threatening comments announced they were the intercom system and for a larger day of Hollywood international airport. A couple of six years said that we're in the baggage claim area of terminal three or one flock in a morning Tuesday when the announcement was made. My partner said, did you hear that? And I said, I kind of think I did. So Anthony need wiki. Then about two minutes later, we heard it again. A man who lies with a man is if he were lying with a woman she'll be subject to death. It was almost so threatening. I was frightened said, waitmen, a huts to need wiki's partner. The passage is found in the Bible according to new international version of the bit of August 2013 and says if a man lies with a man is one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death. Just like those disobedient children, stone into that. Kill everybody. All right. I understand that's a Bible verse, but there should be no reason why a Bible verse would be coming over the P.A. system of a public entity need wiki's says. Need wiki's says he filed a report with a security manager at the airport and in the email he advised the Brewer County Commissioners of the situation. Airport officials said there are numerous paging systems throughout the terminals that are reserved for employee use only. They said at that time at the morning anyone could have gotten their hands on the system. That time at the morning one in the morning you can't your hands on it. So far, we don't think we can identify the location, but that's what we're trying to do is say therefore representative Steve Bellamy. The couple said that someone should be held accountable. Someone who's younger or just coming out even someone is coming out coming to our city for the first time. If that's the first impression they get it's really sad, Hudson said. Man who lies with a man like Brandy Quinn, even if he's got his hand in some guys crotch like that. That was that. Maybe he's just feel a little crotchity or feeling a little crotch. She was had a big smile on this face. So it's like that, the mighty Quinn. Okay, now let's get back and spend a couple hours on these numbers. I just get malic and aschmere as a single. Oh yeah, that's more than they deserve. 6 to 10 a.m. and let's see Wild how they do. What do they have on them? They're actually doing new. Look at that. Joe Rose beat him. Waxy. If I was me, I just read them and check for million bucks. Say September one come on over and no matter what they offer you just tell Joe Findbird to take up a big dump. Is that what you would say? Sure, why not? Off from 10 million bucks. Don't give it to him, it's just offered to him. Waxy, 3-0 in the morning there. Yeah. That's actually not a bad number during the present. I think what's his name? The better than that. See, that's the thing that's really bizarre about this. All looking at all these numbers. You're taking about a five or six year in your slicing it in half and they get a little bit more and we get a little bit less and that's it. I OD is two five to two six in the morning. I guess they're doing news in Dave Lamont's farting or something like that. See, if we could play the fart sounds, that's another thing. Like I said, you want to be entertaining, but when you can't play anything, you can't say anything, you can't do anything, you can't make those. All you could do is make sounds with your mouth. Like that. Hey, now. QAM, now this is a death mail it looks like to me. I think the square table in whose game, whose not-k, all those other news to you, is a segment they put in a, who program that show whose idea or all those ideas, toast the aptly named one toast he is. In the fall book, in the morning they had a horrible number two four time for 14, but now they've reached a number that even they can't believe I'm sure a two two, a two point two share, that's twenty first. How many statements are listed on here? Thirty four. Being twenty first out of thirty four is not exactly what I call. Hot. You know what I'm saying? Look, what is that? It's so hot. I say. And wins WINZ in the morning. The square America had a one five. They dropped for civitously from a two six down to one five. Wow. Wow. So your rows of three point oh and the Kenny and Bow morning show two two. And annihilation in abortion. And abortion. I think if we can just get OGM McDuffee on there, all by himself or we do we can get that thing down away. Oh, point two. And no time. Maybe the next book. Then mid day we're number seven times for it, or at least ten to three. See that's the one thing you're saying, well, maybe we did a four. We cracked a four between ten and two. Sure. We tended right now. Okay. We cracked it. All right. We're the crack show. Crack is whack. Six two in the fall book. There was ten to three. See we can't get the hourly breakdowns till next week. We did want to be number one in the fall book. I'm sure that I'm positive. Then we cracked yes. What do you know? Exactly. And now to a three seven, which means between ten and two. We got maybe a four one four point two. Sure. That's pretty weak for this show. But you know something. Take the morning. Take the two two. Yeah. And then we got a three one in the afternoon. You put those numbers. And then we got a four something. Wow. We're awesome. And what do they got across the street mid day? This is the only day part where we just kicked their ass. That's said the kid. You know, said roses seeing crants shorts. And left over a reject from the eye. I'm a show that net he hit a dish. He had a two oh and a fall. He's got a two three now went from twenty to a time for seventeen. Not exactly something I'd be right in the home about. Okay. So the kid, especially when the rest of your people had a number. And I will say this. And you'll be shocked when I say to this. Okay. And I probably shouldn't say it on here because it's you. That somebody's going to be like, oh, do you need a little. Give it no. You know, mostly I'm not boosting them. I'm not boosting them at all because I was sure. You know, there. I wish that their tower would fall. Seven ninety my S I used to work at WNWS for 100 years. That was seven ninety. That was talk radio baby for old people. Old people. Not just a bunch. But I guess I don't know because I don't hear them. But I was told by a close mutual personal friend of ours. I don't want to mention the professor or anything like that. That he used to be a huge, hangover fan. And then now he's listening over there. In the afternoon. I don't want to mention the bastard because that would be bad. But anyway, the afternoon. We actually had a three point eight. Now there's a respectable number. Not great. Not sensational in man for his fourth station. But that's a respectable number from a two eight up to a three from 17 to Time for seventh. Three eight. And the and the maydog and the hump are between three and seven went from a Three one to a three one flat. They're not moving anywhere. From time for 12 to time for 11. So three to a three one. They kick our ice there and it might like I said they got a two five. We got a 0.7. Think that they can have the panthers. Okay. Let's have a go. But instead of creating some panther games now in the middle of the day would be because then we might make a little bit of progress. And how many markets can you think of maybe LA that are more Transgent than the South Florida? No, that's not too many. And as a result of that promotion is like is like desperately needed. This really needed because you have all these people coming in and and and And if people are already listening, they haven't got a clue that we're on in And not just this show, the whole station. QAM what's that? Do we have do we have a billboard? No, I'm putting up a billboard, big one. And you what's going to say? Help. Help. That's what it's going to say. Help. All the else's help. Throw us a lot back. Okay. Throw us a word. Yeah. That's what we need. Brad, little Richard baby. Somebody help me. Somebody help us. Please. Between my knees. I'm 152 votes. I'm getting out here damn I'm over an Amsterdam. I'm getting out. What are you laughing about? My spouse girlfriend or boyfriend is. I have a 52 vote. Us right. Can't move the Amsterdam yet. Till we get to dolphin tickets. Smoke and hot. 269. I ain't got nobody. 238. That sounds so sad. Oh, I got nobody. I got no boyfriend. Girlfriend spouse. Not anybody whose name I know. Anyway. I used to be hot but not so much anymore. 170. Just okay 112. How's Randy Quinn doing? Too fat. 81 average is looking 52 average is fine. Of the assistant 17 and 2 skinny. Only 13. This is Randy Quinn. Whenever I shave my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 for one hour. A long long time ago. It was 1900 and Jesse Hems was just a lad of 9. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they partyed like it was 1899. The war events that made you shiver. But there were times we did the liver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event. Or everything that man did invent. A century we will present. This is how it was. My, my, how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. 100 years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they pulled in there, playing it too light. And the start of radio. Signified had his mother's name. And want to theory and next week. And the Titanic. That story. We all know. Well world war won. It soon began with shooting arched to Francis Bird and then. Millions died from the flu. And flashed thinking was great new. And then brought shahad, each feather, luchin. Panabarkin, neck, dipalk of the oceans. The knop, please, we won't see again. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my eye. Have a time it did fly. Since it started some deported many teas. We decline. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Out with that his family, jibber, jibber, jibber. That's produced a new model, jibber. And the bird's land is near Paris. Then some old bebred game, Panabarkin. While street and the great depression and women. Would both like you and me. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in. And World War II would soon begin. Major at sovereign land. The project minute and ever loos should try. All in Tennessee. We caught a first one. Got TV. Then the day that lives in him from the unknown. Trades come by. I'm glad I heard. Who were singing in my eye. My other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many teas. We decline. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. The Frank Lane Wings, today was soon be win in. Starting with the day invasion. But at what an appalling cost. In Russia no one did the frost. And Germany they find these laws. Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. That man little boy and old legate. Change the whole world on that very day. Me though had just begun. And trying to move by the city. The first player in baseball that was black. Is we held out there home and back. Massage you sits as like they jack a horn. Trades come by. And we were singing in my eye. At the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many teas. We decline. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Separate for the week will make such a fuss. A grosser to tired when on the bus. Only your cured with a black seed. Then my shots get us big time with spot nick. Our troops into the rear quick. Discovered the double helix. Screaming. Oh, Jay, I've gained a thought's way too soon. But promise to get us all to the moon. You ease first and space. Can the pill we fitted with race. And the wren should set but climbed into the night. Cubas miss those gay blunts. Quite a fright. Selfie stasher is on to fight. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my eye. How they used to defy. Since it started some deported many teas. We decline. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Niels giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about what it gets. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by iron. And a virus made us too scared to go taste. Access to babies held the loft. Some guy named Bill Scott at Microsoft. Turn over all explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China they detry. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. And they were singing. My, my, have a time to defy. Since it started some deported many teas. We decline. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Huh? A hundred years have gone by. I mean, okay it's probably not. I missed a bacon while I was playing. That's fine. I see. Well, it's wrong with that. I didn't know if you were just in the bathroom. Puking your guts out. Why? Over one bad book. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. Why? Over one bad book. Let me add something. How many thousand years have I been on here? A hundred thousand years. A hundred thousand years. And so we got a bad book. Am I going to like a child? Oh, geez. We had a way we would tide for number seven and men. Who cares? Well, good. Why? And what's the, what's the fallout in the building? What's going on there? Are there people jumping out the window? What's happening there? Well, I don't see what's happening in the hallways as you know. Well, why not? The room's coming. There's no meal was right. We suck. You're an idiot. Clarence, you should be fired right now. Right in the middle of your lunch. They should come in and say, hey, Clarence, have a nice weekend. And by the way, you're fired. Did it did it did it. Oh, and speaking of did it did it. You know, it's probably we left out of the sleeve now. But they're also. That's right. Am I right? Oh, yeah. He's not. You can be damn sure. He's listening. We must be badly mull. Not. If we had a point zero zero zero zero zero zero zero one, we still wouldn't miss you. Trouble making turd. I like the a little ration that trouble making turd in a single. This bacon man. Extra crispy. Mmm. Mmm. Nothing in the world. I won't say anything. But there are a few things better than crispy bacon in my life. You are right. Mmm. Not too crispy. Just, you know, that sweet spot in between where it's got a little bit of chewiness, a little bit of crispiness. Yeah, that's sweet spot. I don't know. I don't know. Remember, Christopher, you're a funny buddy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a funny buddy. Yeah. Because I've been using that email the, you know, ten. It's just, it's just amusing, you know. He said I'm an emotional cripple. I am very entertaining and he enjoys the show. But I'm an emotional cripple. I don't understand that there are people who play one of play games with me. And he's not one of them. And you know, he's not one. Right. That's why his profile was deleted. And that's why we got hacked. And that's why he's honny. He's a crisp. And he's Ethan. Yeah, right. Not very entertaining though. I'm glad to hear that. Because that's what the public wants. They want to be entertained. They've dull on it here. Some loser sports ass from the newspaper being on the air. 400 hours a day like our win back. I can remember last year writing emails to Jolly Joe screaming, just wailing about the stuff. And he's just, you know, and one of your not the other. In run rear. What do you know? That's right. What's all the line up? I know what days I don't work during the summer. I know which days I do work. And I know which days I don't work. Those are the ones I like the best. One day wins day Friday. And I thought that was damn why did Joe to say, oh yeah, well, George will continue working those days Monday wins day Friday. No tapes. How about, although I'm sure he'd much better put on tape. I'm sure he would tip. Especially since I'm, you know, since I can play so many different bits and now and say so many things and make some money noises. Like that with your mouth. Making noises with my mouth. Maybe that would be a new format for the show. Making noises. But my mouth. Not bad. I wonder what George would say about that. Ah. 970 votes on the pool. You know, sound not leaning on that crisp. Yes, I notice. There's the clean marking the 40th anniversary of James Town. He's got a bunch of flowers. He's always slurping about your life. There's dignity there. I'm going to say that. I don't know. I thought I had a good scam. And she's got that little off. He's got a new person. She's got a new black purse. I wonder how it's a British Republic of Ford that? Looks like she's wearing a night count. And I, did you see that? No, I'm not. Crazy old bad. Crazy old bitch. The queen. Well, the queen. The royal her majesty. And you think that, you know, we think you've got problems. WQA and hello. QIM. QIM. What is it? Oh, I just look at her last girl walk by here. Yes. I just distracted there. Problem. Your sentence. Your sentence has the locations of the republican wall. Email's there. And chat a new bit down to see. It's going to be breaking the news any day now. Yeah. I know you don't believe me. I believe you. I just don't care. WQA and hello. Again with the ratings. Oh, I haven't finished reading them by the way. Let's get back to those. Very surly crowded. A man very surly and squirly. Not happy campers. It's the fourth of me tomorrow's Helsinko to my own. No, the university can't stay by the way. I was going to dig out that thing. What's that thing called Ohio? Cross best today. Oh, yeah. What about it? We're going to get out. Why didn't do it though? And don't you do it either. All right. Don't too much like I'm not way to it. Yeah, these people don't care about Ken State. They don't care about anything. Wednesday or they bird dinner meal. Wednesday or early bird. Yeah, I can go to the early bird now. I'm probably going to see me this count. WQA and hello. And look at that. And look at the movie. WQA and hello. Oh, ah. Not there. WQA and hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. Can I talk to you? Speaking. New. Yeah. How are you? Okay. How are you? Very, very good. Listen. I was watching to the set Rosenberg show and he mentioned that you. Then you had a lot more literature than you did. Wrong. Wrong. He's the one who's ready. And a lot more. And he stressed. He stressed a lot. He's the one who's ready to go. Let me stay to get him. Wrong. Ha ha ha. He's got a two three. Sure over there. Okay. He stressed this. Yo, he's the thing of it is the star station did well for them. And kicked our ass in all the sports segments. But for him to go on a year or a year. Hey, I've been to the feminist guys. He's talking crap. He had a lot more listeners. Actually, their Q was higher. And you know what? What? Their Q was my tire. Our Q on way, way, our Q went in the toilet. But their average quarter hour was they had 53 and we had 84 hundred. You know something neither one is anything to write about that. That's been 25, 54 average quarter hour. Nothing to write about. You know what I'm saying? So you keep going on here and lying on the course who don't cares about Q. His like the listenership was saying. Now, it was able to do for a couple minutes here in five minutes over there. Oh, Jay, we don't want to hear any more of that in New York sound. And then they ran away. WQA in, hello. That's Mr. Doctor Wright through W. WQA in, hello. I know. Yes sir. Yesterday you were talking about smokers and people who smoked a lot. What about? Hot, hot, hot. Hot, hot, hot. Yeah, you're talking about people on TV. You're smoked a lot. Who used to be? Yeah, that's right. Rod Serling, what about him? And Edward Armuro. Guys, that's all you ever saw him doing with smoke. Right. By the, you're all new? Yeah. There's also a couple weeks ago, you were talking. I haven't had a chance to call you. You were talking about the movie Willard. Right. Yeah. Can I get a breath right away, Chris? Oh, don't do the break yet. Can I get a breath right away? No. I didn't do the break yet. No. It's 1217 for crying out loud. Get out of here. Right. Friday you busted CNN. Woods buys boards boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys Arts... Sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports arts sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sport sports sports sports sports sports sports sport sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports Special sports speech sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Spars Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports once we're sports it o k Oi M regular facts of factors But the selections on here many of them are really bad. Who did mode to destroy QM's ratings? They said he's got George and Chris. Oh, well, what is that? Or why is it that you instill so much hatred in the audience of it? They feel compelled to take these good two to shots. Oh, for fun. Yeah, right. Now they hate you. Right. Who did mode to destroy WQM's ratings? I can't like that. Kenny and Beau did mode. Clarence, Joe Bell, or I will win back. And don't forget Alex Marvins. I already did. And how can you leave off? Joyce. Right. Right. Okay. Well, that's what I put in the hopper there to think about. 996 votes were on the verge of a thousand. Chris has even batted in our lives. I should about that. I'm going to go over those ratings again here in a minute and maybe they'll change this time. Ha ha ha ha ha. We sucked. We sucked wind man. It's a big time. Bad. Really bad. Very bad. Betty, Betty, bad. 990s. Although you know something interesting. This is the only show in both stations that cracked a foreshare. Amen. Yeah. And this is the only non-sport show. I just mentioned that in pan-port. Oh, yes. Only a coincidence. Real man. All they want is ball games and jog straps. It's all they want about. Non-stop. My spouse, girlfriend, or boyfriend is smoking hot to 86. Well, good for you. Maybe we'd like to watch. I ain't got nobody 247. Used to be hot but not so hot no more 180. Used to be hot now maybe like Luke Warmo. Maybe on certain days. You know like on alternate Tuesdays. Just okay, 115. Well, maybe just okay is not so bad. Get the job done with just okay, right? Too fat 84 average looking 53. Ugly as sin 17. That's bad. Ugly as sin. And 2 skinny 14. Of course, you kind of wonder about those people who are saying that their partner is ugly as sin when they look like, you know. Maybe they're also ugly as sin. Maybe they know Dan Agua. Well, we're getting rid of the marlins. That should be a real boost. See, that's another thing that kills us too. They're not taking into account. What? And that's not going to be good for the spring book either. April, May and June. That's not going to help either. All those marlin games. As much as we like to get out of here early, like next Thursday we got at here 11 30 in the morning. You know what's going to happen to those numbers from 11 30 to 2? Ho, man. WQAM. Hello. It's just doing a follow-up favor. Bring back high to radio, Charlie Murdoch. And we'll be all. I don't know about the rule. The rule that's the rule to answer. The rule to answer. The rule to answer. The rule to answer. He was too away. He's got his own board going there to hold you. That's great. I think that was Ricky Tickie. Let's put him on. WQAM. Hello. Always a deep breath. Always a deep breath. Kind of a tell-tell giveaway, especially the bad breath part of it. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Move it on. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing sir? OK sir. I mean, no disrespect by this and I mean it. I'm a good man. I got a question here. I'll give you a lower down guy. You're always hating on the sports guy to sports. You're on a sports station, Neil. And the problem with it is you're the only non-sports program. And you guys just act like there's a problem with sports. I mean, you should be on a different station. It's like trying to do a playboy programming on the Nickelodeon network. You know? Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's a golden bag. Yeah. It's in the bag. It's in the bag. It's in the bag. It's very sad. They're all sitting across the street. There's two glasses of the pivot man. They're all sitting across rubbing their hind legs together. Oh, look at that. We've been in the movie. You know something? And who cares? Who cares? OK. It's all just a bunch of fall-drawls. It's all just just a bunch of nonsense. 26 past noon. Of course, we've been seeing one wrong station for nine years, but you know what? We'll continue taking the money. And of course, in your case, they didn't say much. King King! I knew he'd sold to the y, But we'd sold one mouth to them. It might make ... That's fine, Michael. I'd make a show with my mouth. I'd make a sauce with my mouth. All right. But then they're got labels and z  exploded now. I've got ne to fill... But my mouth... A brand called I Make it, Snould-ah. make it snow with my mouth I make it snow with my mouth I'm making a snow with my mouth We put make it snow with my mouth I'm making a snow with my mouth We put my mouth We put make it snow with my mouth I want two flares to enjoy it I think we did put play that all day, 24 or 7 and get bigger numbers and we did this last book I could be wrong about that, what do you think? I think it's a great idea I mean, what should we have to work? Yeah, we could know, I mean, we could load them up in there in the DCS Somebody's got to do it We got a thousand six volts grid On that pole, maybe now we're talking We're really cooking, are we back? No, we're cooking with guests The former legendary neo-rogi show on QAM A new report on ABC News, the blotter provides new details and the mysterious Washington DCS squad ring and the list rates madam who alleges that her service only provided women for non-sexual trists According to the report many of the most in-demand women were in their 50s Oh no, saggy There was never an age limit Women were in their 50s, they were proud for the so-called DC madam pole ABC News They were some of the most popular women on the staff while I guess they were experienced and saggy Palfey told the net worth that a rest court service generally offered only part-time jobs to women in need of work The service ran for 13 years And in a civilized country which leaves America out Nobody would have paid any attention and they'd elected everybody alone had a good time I made sure they either worked or went to school in the daytime, Palfey said Women took around three shifts weekly she said Everybody had to get up at six and seven nights And they said, well, you know, you're going to go to work she remarked. Palfey recruited women by placing ads featuring your telephone number and local alternative newspapers and campus publications including University Maryland School newspaper According to ABC Here's an important fact that you just said I'm sure it says Sit is being very complimentary of you calling you the best in South Florida and a genius But that you now rehash your bits and our mailing it in nowadays from Canada and our winding down your career So sit the loudmouth of the yorkers now in your head Oh yeah, I think about you so much said not You have no choice and I'm sure you're up no choice on the radio all the way Don't hear it. He's in my head I guess he's feeling pretty good about things It says the radio wars around like the good old days Where's the same guy that worked the thing earlier? Huh? This is from the same person that worked the whole day I worked with the WME in WOMF and W Women and all that crap Radio and how are they doing against you? So this is another one of these people He's listening over there and he's listening over here and sending me a fact to try to You know put the fuel on the fire. The radio wars are on See I hate to break the news to you, but he's not our competition Rush is our competition. Scarrot America is our competition We don't compete. We're not interested in sports shows. Okay. We don't do a sports show So not only is he mad in my head. He's not in my back though. Anywhere. Okay, he's not in my armpit. He's not sitting in my aircraft for a bit. He ain't nowhere Just like in the numbers with a two three share and you can have all the kumi once Which he inherits from Joe. You can have all the kumi once. I'll tell you one thing. I sure likes when he heard What's Joe's kumi in the morning? I don't know. They took the numbers away from me. So I got it right here. Look at that. Whoa. 54, 800. Holy moly man. That's a serious number now. His time spent listening is week only two hours forty five minutes, but nevertheless 54, 800. That is one huge kumi over there. So you know, See the kid gets a little slump over there. That's why he's got thirty whatever he's got. I wouldn't be no right no memoirs. Okay, I mean that's just my suggestion to you. But he's in my head and the radio wars are on. Jesus. Are you paying for that? I have no life. Of course, anybody that would take time to send me a facts with a line up from two stations that nobody listens to. That's obviously somebody with a rich full life as Mr. Eagle would say. WKOM. Hello. Hello, dang. Yeah. Boy, WKOM. Hello. Yes sir. Start talking, right? What is it? Start talking, right? 560, 560. See your step in on my Kennedy's name whatever the hell he's saying with everything over the soccer Rizmau. He's got a sock in his mouth. How many QAM hello? What did you do upon the kid? Because he's doing me over there. Then you can find out who's over the spot this morning. 560, 560, we are pull on the air today. Is that what's wrong with QAM? That's the pull question. Are we sure? Now we sure ought to have fifty million calls on action. Yeah, yeah. What's happening to QAM? Who done it? Who did mole? That's the pull. And we don't need any calls from across the street. You people have a big party over there. Have a ratings party high five, low five, and brandy quinn each other on a clock. And whatever you're doing, have a wonderful time. Because when I was down there last time, a couple weeks ago, I seen about billboards. You know, they're doing like billboards and they're doing promotion and stuff like that. And they got very jackass on the payroll and they got them in sensuous relationship. What do we got? Here we got Rams with God. Squat. Alright. Squat. WKOM. Hello. Hello. Good to see you. Yeah. Can I hear if you see K&T WANA please? WKOM. Hello. Oh, yeah. When you were talking about SEGA? I'm going to SEGA, yeah. Yes, SEGA women, you know, they're on five to Sergio. Every one of them. Yeah. Hello now. How did that? Baked because I used that service. Did you? Yes, I did. And they were wonderful. Those old women were the greatest. They were experienced. They were told. They were knowledgeable. They were how did you treat a man like a man? Oh, I see. Well, I wouldn't know nothing about that. 2011 was on a full- Ha ha ha ha. Talk about a guy with a real, live-in-and-vivid imagination. He used that service. And they know how to treat a man like a man. I don't have to treat a man like a man. Believe me. Do you? Oh, yeah. Yes. But I'm already making God a little sound for. Oh, I'm six. Oh, no. That brandy Quinn. I could put another smile on her post. That picture is just, I don't know. Would you say the word is revealing? It's telling. Telling a story. Yeah. Telling me something. Fibody QAM. Hello. Neo Jesus. Yes, sir. Well, I've got one good point in maybe some of you got out on your phone. I mean, that's played Joe Bell. That's the story. There's so much fun with the sport. I mean, what direction you propose they go? What can I? I mean, have you listened to other radio stations? I mean, it's horses, flopping, what's on this station? And for your poll, I mean, have you thought about maybe there's too many spots on this station? I mean, did you listen to that day? I mean, they had airs read on. And they were like, okay, man, 3D, you have something to talk about. He's like, no, I don't have the spot today. And they're like, oh, okay. Oh, she is what I've got to bring that list for the audience, right? Sorry. And I'm out of my fear. I'm going. Okay. Now, he makes an excellent point. And I've heard a lot of that. But then again, see, that's the deal now. We just want to have a lot of spots. We haven't had ratings. We don't care about that thing. I want to do a set of a spots. So it's a good thing it's in my contract that we only run 60 minutes an hour because otherwise, they would run like 45 minutes an hour. Oh, you want to buy any arages for $5 dollars? Well, that's good. It's like a contest. And remember, what's the problem? Time when we had all those tens and 15s. We still have some of those on there. I think we got the one that says, hey, get some heat tickets. You know, we get your heat play off tickets right over here. 10 18 on the floor. You know, something we're doing okay. Who answered that like we're doing spectacular. You can feel it. You can kind of smell it. And you can taste it too if you stick your time. It's fucked up. Friday you best is. But for the government, just follow the best people. On your winnowing finishes are from most parties. Ground, offered no apologies. And most of the way are those for the default ones. It costs hundreds of dollars. My ground. There's no one left to play. My said brownie. Your little woman, she my said brownie. The short carers up in flames. There's no one. I know who's more lame. George Bush. You better make them shut up before he says. It's with you who messed up. You can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many. Think that he should do time. You can go back to your horseshoes. Today both Republicans and Democrats Criticize the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the wise. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's testicles have to be cleared by the way. I was 1245 at 5'60, WDKU AM. Our poll on the ear, today, we got one poll going on to the Internet, so of course on our website. On our website, we're Brandy Quit is a brand new Sheen. His thing. I just want to look at it one more time, one more time. And maybe I'm just not looking at it right. You know, quoting it. Look at it. I don't know. Old geez. Look at it upside down. And you notice that the other two guys fear like purposely putting their hands like I'm the thigh. I'll be seeing the same. Yeah. Like the kid in the middle, he's got his hand on brand on brand these thigh. They're not actually on who's a good. But he's got it. Well, I do know what I'm saying. Right smack dab in the middle. Was there a song like that? Right smack dab in the middle. So like that. I can go look. Oh yeah. Now let's start our radio war. Let's get Neil talking about Dawson. Yeah, right. Good luck to you. Okay. That's what you guys are over to. You think I'm old and tired. Old and stale and tired. And Stugas is probably sitting there. They're all sitting in the faxes over. You know crap like that. Boy. WQAM. Hello. Neil. I wonder if Clarence is still a booking guest for Stugas. Yeah. Good afternoon to you sir. And back to you. What's the new in the world of Shmuck? What do you got? That's it. Hopefully a mirror. Okay. Go see one. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, how come you guys never talk about public transportation in South Florida? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh keep listening pal. Stay tuned. And the year 25 25 we're going to have a whole week of shows on that. WQAM. Hello. No. Yes. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. I'm going to perplexer's knowledge. No tree planes flying around for a lot of hell. You know what's going on? All these what? No tree planes flying over on the beach there. Yeah, the end of the world is coming. I'd go have a good time if I was you. WQAM. Hello. Me? Yes. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Any other thing about that? Okay. Good. I got an idea. I heard about all the ratings on that. I think everything started going downhill. Talk to that full news. So I can't hear you when you're last talking off. When Josh left the show and. Yeah, that was the one. Josh left the show, right. Which has a lot to do with the morning show and the afternoon show and the night time point seven. When Josh left the show right your boyfriend. We'll hook you up. WQAM. Hello. Can I have a new meal? What? No. No. No. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes. You think that Josh has anything to do? Oh, God. Give it a rest already. Give it a long, long rest. Oh, my God. Over and over and over and on and on and on and endlessly. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Big and passing it back and forth in the phone too. That's another thing that Jolly Joe has been reading tremendous in that whole deal too. I've just forgotten about that. You know. You just throw in the towel to just give up. I mean, you can't complain about the assistance we've had from corporate and from management on our mission because there has been a man. No, zero. Zippity Duda. WQAM. Hello. Bread, read please. Yeah. No, you know something he's starting to smell a little bit better now in retrospect. Remember that? Yeah. Well, that bad haircut. So I'll do this morning in the year. Did you really in the tea room? I wasn't even brushing. Why didn't take an inventory? It's a... Probably a good idea. I'm standing side by side. Probably a good idea. Don't know. I'm facing QAM. Hello. You seem to have a good time when you have good ratings. We have a band time when we have band ratings. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. This is I'm telling you. I've paid myself for the 30-paster. WQAM. Hello. Your last draw. Including you. We can only create QAM. Hello. Raise a me. I need help. Amen. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Please. WQAM. Hello. And instead of 15 hours of draft coverage, they should have done 15 hours of bilingualism in South Florida. What a gotten a bigger number. Had a lot of lady callers there. We have had no lady callers. When is last lady caller? We haven't shown what you were... I remember that far back. Wow. 560, 505, 60, 50, 60, the Verizon singular while is lying. WQAM. Hello. Just once, you know that there is one normal sane person out here for you, Neil. Well, I was psychic on my way. I can't believe I couldn't do that again. You're the first lady it's called about 700 weeks. I just wanted to say hi, just because all these people are really strange on here. They're acting like children. So just one day there's a normal person out here. Well, thank you so much. You're welcome. Have a great weekend, bye-bye. I didn't like that. How do you explain the psychic power like that, huh? That was a mean thing. The legendary old queen still got it, baby. I can still smell it. Hmm, man. And if I had nobody, I wouldn't have believed it. What do you mean by that? The light was ringing when you said that, so she was already calling. Right. But all the other lines were ringing too, so I just punched that little up there. Knowing in my brain, in my mind, I was like his sounds in my head. Psychic sounds like Nancy Reagan. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. That was Joe Bell. QAM. Neo, this is Sheriff's shack. You're under arrest. WQAM. Hello. Neo is the end of days. There's all like here. A QAM. What's all these planes? Ha ha ha. It must be the scary show. WQAM. Who's WAM? QAM. The nickel please. I got news for it when we get that desperate. He had a nose for programming. I'll tell you that. Now, what ever happened to him? He got the Candid Jackson Miller something like that. Last I heard he was an organ. Are you serious? Yeah. Some am stationed on the floor. Are you sure? Wow. He sure moves around a lot. I bet you don't even unpack his sack. Speaking of unpacking your sack, remember, Jasmine Kay had a big press. I'll never forget that. It was a truck for what I remember. He had a big truck that he put in the studio. And I think he used to keep his wife in there in a spare time. You know, we didn't want to use an abuser. The key. Man. A strange guy. See ya. See ya. You can contact 200, boo. This, you. WQAM. Probably still does. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to read a read. Read whether it's fresh. Well, we're doing this. She can move on. But those are doing it in my heart. WQAM. Hello. Neil. I am a very proud Englishman. I must have quit. Can I just see the queen as a father? I think it all bitch. WQAM. Hello. Let's go, favors. Oh, that came this tonight, by the way. There's a tomorrow night tonight. I'm sure George is going to be watching. Let's get to talking, talk, go and hell. Point seven at night. A zero point seven, man. On this station is zero point seven is like, it's like the world has ended. It's like the Armageddon on a radio. A number from a hell. We love the Panthers. Nobody cares. WQAM. Hello. You think you're tough? No, I'm cute. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. There's only three shows I listen to on the radio. Yes. Yourself. Stephanie Miller on 940. Yes. And Mike Maloy on 940. How did the 940 do from 9 to midnight? 940. From 9 to midnight. There's no such thing as 9 to midnight. I can take out the different 7 to midnight. Okay. 2.1. They would drop from a 5-6 in the fall to a 2.1. The talk stuff all dropped into no man's land. This was not a book. The WQAM do. Should they put on some sort of more of an entertainment show in the morning instead of what they're trying to do now? What a concept on entertainment show. I mean, was this curr table in a round table and who's gay and who's not? I don't know. Such a josh or something. How about Bob and Tom? That'll work. Yeah. That'll work. Okay. Thank you. We just saw the problem. I'm not going to try to get these guys out because I think they're days are never anyway. Like minimal digits. But what do I know? It's very sad. It's the worst thing. I don't want to say that. You say it. What? That morning show. I'm not saying which one. Say it was. The worst thing I've ever heard in my life. You know, actually I'm thinking back to the show with the Ron Hersey. The man who's wrecking. Oh yeah. That was, you know. Here's the poor result. So far we've got a thousand 36 votes. I mean, it's just, I mean, why don't we just do transmitter main instrument those hours? I mean, we could move the big O up. But you say, he's really rock solid. Certainly, we couldn't do worse than a two to two. I mean, a two to two in men. On a sports station, on a legendary sports station, on a legendary station period. Oh, I bet your rich husband like crying in his camp. You're doing the right thing, Rick. Make no mistake about it. 50 years ago, enjoy the sports of all your labor. Have a wonderful life. 103 seven. My fast girlfriend or boyfriend is smoking hot, 297, or smoking something. Smoking hot. I ain't got nobody, 258. Used to be hot, but not so hot, no mole, 187. Just okay, 119. Too fat, 88. Too fat. Average looking 56. Well, that's, that should be our thing. QA and average looking 56. All right, which we had average numbers. Oh, OBSN 17 and 2 skinny, 15 of the 137. I think that 1600 plus votes during the show yesterday means we are back over the top. Don't you? Hi about it. This is on, this is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. There was a father, had a bravado, no more than Santa. We showed him love, sing along, call him, no more than Santa. One, two, three, four, one, shot. And love here. I love being fun today and I like. You are the same tonight. You're the one who wants to be with me. I say I'm thinking you face you again. Run, shoot, shoot, shoot. Shoot, shoot. Shoot, shoot, shoot. She's my video presenter, Peter Mockier, sing along song. Over 50 of your favorite sing along song on 3 fun loving videos or DVD. Let's all get cooked today. I will buy food right with a one tonight. We're so much a virgin. God, let's put them very first time. They told me, this is an exclusive TV offer. They'll call them all for the Priceless Collection. They told me, it came really fun. Why don't we get drunk and drunk? One, one, five, six, two, every humans are big wanted to out. The former ladies and gentlemen, we're really suffering from all of the sudden wake up on day and you realize no legendary, no mole, former ladies and gentlemen. Which is not that bad. That's what's going to happen to make sure after he hangs it up. He's going to wake up on morning and we realize he's no longer the legendary. We're sure he's just an old man. I mean, old. Five, six, seven, we're doing a little survey here on what's wrong with QAM. After a disastrous winter rating book, disaster. Not just week, disaster. Two is in three, mid days we just barely cracked the four, I guess, right? Ten to two, right? WQAN Hello. BIO. Yes sir. Mardi Coole, on you, Baba Long, Balu. WQAN Hello. BIO. Yes sir. Your bookstown show the fact that a lot of listeners on the internet, and I listen to you every day on the internet. It's a matter of fact, I'm a 94 in Tampa right now. Listen to you on my laptop. I'll be damned. So, let's just say at least a couple hours every day. So, well, thank God for your sir. Okay, take care of Buddy. Say how to all I'm yay who is over there. So, I say have a great weekend. Okay, take a good take. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on me, Verizon, singular, wireless line. Let's get these phones blaze and maybe let's get them cooking. Cooking with gas, we got a thousand, forty, five, both time. But we got some gas too. After that bacon wouldn't surprise me if I roused some up. Really? If you roused some, yeah, WQAM hello. Hello, Neil? Yes? How you doing? Okay. And I just, you know, I've only heard bits and pieces of you talking about the rating being down. Oh, I've heard. Yes. Kenny and go in the morning are brutal. I mean, I'm sure people have mentioned this. It is the worst show I've ever heard in my life. But you know what's funny, Neil? Is that now? You know, that's really funny. You know, it's not too much, you know, tend to do it. It's new and after two, I went to, so I won't tell you one of the guys that got the question. Well, I had told me we can handle it. Leopard tart. I like Leopard. Leopard. Yeah. Even some of my close best friends in the universe have, you know, bailed out on us and two o'clock they go to Leopard. He's not even out of two o'clock. What time's he on? He's on three to seven. Whatever he's on. Or four to seven. Yeah. But I hate the other guy. It's good rosen, whatever the other guy. Yeah, rosen cramps. And he's just trying to start a thing with me because he's got no eye mishoda run back to knock his right no more eye mishoda because I'm a scot can with his nappy headed hose. So say the kid thinks he's going to be, you know, a big shot in South Florida. They aren't interested in obnoxious New Yorkers. We got nothing more ready to send. Go ahead, sir. It's completely obnoxious New Yorker. Anyways, and the lolly show over there. Yeah, Joe Rose. Yeah. He's he. Look, I never liked your rose and and now him being alone. It is way too much your rose. But like I runically enough to all. We'll take. When I first started with the QAM, the first team was pretty good. And I think the best part. Yeah, I agree. Greg read dropped that egg on a floor and broke it into women in pieces. And you can, they kept taping it back together again. And Greg kept picking up and slamming it against the wall and slamming this fist through the wall. Any, you know, that was that was the deal. And I forgot this guy. And I forgot Charlie Joe. It is big fed ass. Oh my god. You can't complain about our management. You know how to rest in that goes. 1047 on a floor. We're going to get to 111. Let's go for 11 today. What do you say Chris? Just just for kicks. Okay. Just relax. I mean, after the yesterday is Titanic performance with 1600 puzzles and a fully started six weeks ago. That was pretty impressive. And a much rather head like a seven or eight year in the book today. But nevertheless, we'll take the 1600 votes yesterday. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what would see that guy was just talking about the first thing? What would the numbers that they were getting? Way back when? Three, and fours, I guess. Maybe five and then. Yeah. Not three and fours. You know, I was one of those of you saw this in pretty much every morning. I kind of missed him. He can't some footing them back back together with the people back on here. If he paid us. Okay. There's no chance of defo coming back. And guilty. And guilty. Who are you? I want to go these on his way over across the street with those Panther games. I'll tell you the three of them together. Good chemistry. They're not a good. You know, individually. I don't think they do so well. And the interesting part of his back in the day back in those days. The station was kicking ass. Everybody was doing great. No doubt about it. And that's when you came on board and you were kicking ass right after them. That's correct. I'm sure they had a bunch of, you know, they had to do your effect on them. I guess as well. Anyway, you know, that's all I had. Just a member man. That's the model and radio. Meshwood success. They broke it. I've been predicting this for a long time. They broke it in the little teeny tiny pieces and I'll they're got to lapages glue and the crazy glue and all other end of trying to take it back together. You can't do it, can I? No. All the king's horses and all the king's asses and all the king's men couldn't put Brady's thing back together again. Poor Brandy Quinn. Well, it's good that he's got a big smile on his post after being drafted twenty tooth by the Browns. But we can see now why. WQA M. Hello. QA M. Hello. WQA M. Hello. Hey, no, how's it going? Okay. Go get it. Get Steve came back and after you've been driving. Yeah, that'll do it, yeah. Steve came and the young, you remember the young. Okay. WQA M. Hello. Hey, mealt. Yes. Hey, I didn't hear the ratings for the nitty and booed morning show. What was they? Two two. Two two. All right. Two two. And big big head Joe. You're a cross-free beat them. Three. All right, man. Okay. That's all I listen to is Joe and you. That's it. Well, thank God for the meeting. Just tell Joe come back home where he belongs. That's all. Everybody send him message. Come home where you belong Joe. We need your bad. We want you back. Let's play that by the Jackson five. We want you back. Is that the name of it or who I want you back? Well, what I want you, I want you back. On by the way, they're waiting. The new is conference. Josh Hancockie was drunk when he crashed a car and got killed. And he also had the marriage of Winnie and the car. How about the crash on Sunday and Sam Lewis? That picture. You're all about Josh Hancockie's dead. Who? He was driving drugs. We want you back for Joe Rose. Little Robb. Thank Joe and Moa. Can smell that. Show them out, can't you? I want to give you it update. Okay. Say again. I want to give you it update. Yeah. Who wants to listen up to? He wants to tell us. Do do do do do do. Yeah. See the level is so low. I can really tell if I actually hit that or not. You hit it. I hit it. And the pocket baby. I hit the pocket baby. I'm right. Ricky took his crowd of me. This is cool. That will be a man. Not always do. I hold a song. He'll make some sounds. He can talk them up with the best of them. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I've a tell you what's wrong with your show. No. I'm not interested in what's wrong with my show. There are nothing wrong with my show. It's like you. It picked up the phone and did it with it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now. Now. It is. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. More on. WQAM. Hello. Gotta get the burden. Take me back. No. WQAM. Hey. Yes. The last two. Yeah. Yeah. So, isn't I asked? I was going up 95 and I see a good one with rows and levitards. Lebaster. Yeah. Yeah. And there's like, first, just a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, please help me. Help me. Please. Please throw me a rope. How stupid you have to be to see that this is part of the billboard. How dumb do you have to be an imperceptibly man? More mentally. You have to be a good stupid man. I'm putting up my own billboard. You don't deserve to be driving. I'm putting up my own big billboards. I'm going to say, help. Help. Help. Please. Somebody help me. My little Richard. Help me. Help me. Help me. You are eating Tyson. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Not the meal. Speaking. What is that? I'm going to say it again. Speaking. Wow. You're not even better over the phone. Yeah. You have a great voice. I really need to use it as a 16 and I'm 44. So you've been around a long time. Oh, God. It doesn't matter what anybody says. Is that play horn and I don't 16. I see here in WKAT. I have to hang in all that. I've heard y'all away from there. And now in there. You don't have the same quality of the voice man. The voice. Same old queen. Okay. Thanks. We'd go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How are we doing on the pool? We're going to make our 1100 or not. I don't know. 10, 52. We need 48 more votes in 50 minutes. Oh, yeah. 10, 50. Easy. 10, 53. What did I just say? 52. Oh, and we don't need to start counting now for a little bit. Okay. I mean, you've got a little bit carried away with yourself yesterday. Okay. Because we've got 16. But instead of your negative to a projections. Yeah. 15, 15, 15. 15, 15. And the old queen showed you a thing or two yesterday and believe me. That's all I'm going to show you. Friday, you best. Get ready for the story of CD. You ever heard. Dan Rathers. Sorry, do it. I'm sorry. So sorry. Not only does Dan say no. Sorry to what we're going to read. He sounds even so here with Chicago. It's hot to be. It's hot to be. It's hot to be. It's hot to be. It's hot to be. I'm sorry. But Dan Rathers. Sorry to what. Beatriz. Sorry. Sing along with Rubin. He said it. He's like a Mr. Shant. He's like a Drunk of Paul. And I'm sorry. Hold her hand. And if you're not completely satisfied. Dan Rathers will personally say. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. This next, uh, fact you just packed me with just obviously an inside job. Sounds like it. Yeah. I think this is from a fat boys boyfriend. It's what it looks like to me based on that hit around there the date. Anyway, Uncle Nelson, it says, as you described Howard Stern many times, a shadow hoodie once was, unfortunately now applies to you. Right. I'm no Howard fan. I'm a Neil fan. However, lately it just feels like he's always cutting the days till the next vacation. Let's see how many. Um, and or two PM. Or two Lamarlin game comes up. And wasting as much your time as you can, reading and counting down polls, which you obviously know, and how many how many years I've been reading the bedtime stories about a hundred now. And the polls for about 80 years, which you obviously know one really cares about including you. Oh yeah, we don't care about the poll. Right. You were the greatest because we could all it here comes to good part, okay? You were the greatest because we could always count on you to say whatever you felt like saying, you know the true boundaries better than anybody does. I missed the real Neil, the one with the big balls and the venom. Please bring back the real Neil. I miss him badly. Also, the FCC has now brought far-th sounds that I know of question mark. Exclamation point. Stop being a whussy. Please find the real uncle Neil and put her back on the air. PSI understand if you won't read the song here. I'll allow it. Oh, so obvious. So, no side. Yeah. So inside. Bring back the one with the big balls. I got news for it. A kind of money they're paying me if Joyce is a wants to be a bunch of bitch. And we can't play the far-th sounds. You know what? I live without him. I live without him. And I live without playing the 70% of the comedy bits we can't play anymore either. Because, like I said, they're going to get whatever within the parameters of what they'll allow. We're saying it much. That's what they're going to get. I come in every day. I don't need to make any apologies to anybody. I come in every day. Two things. A prepared and B ready to do the best you'll possibly can on that given day. And even the little George knows that. Yep. I don't come in here trying to fake my way through. Slide my way through. Do these fake shows like Mr. Ego used to do. Oh, let's have a hate call seminar. Alright. I guess he would be driving into the last second from his baseball card shows. We do the best we can. We do the best we can. But that ain't much anymore. Well, that's right. Within the parameters of what they let us do. And when you work for people and they pay your pay and they take it what you can say and what you can do. That's just the way it is. Okay. Stop being such a wussie. Okay. Oh, brother. How's sad? Day freed man. 163 votes in a full will make that 100. But I better not read the result because I'll just be killing time. 560 5060. Typical software to baby. Typical no matter what if I was on here for 100 years. 100 years. And I will grant you an ask kissing is very boring. It's like a blanket. Oh, you're so wonderful. It's boring. But I mean, all the negatives that I've looked at has an impact on me. In fact, you know something I'm going to have to have some ice cream today. Chris. Let you know. How do you know? Because then I win and I'm in your will. You win what? You are win of the win. The chance of your fan ask being in my will on a scale of infinity minus infinity is non-existent. None. I thought that's what the, no that was. None. How many sent well? I'll be doing my will. I've turned man. In fact, I'm telling you what I'll put an envelope and I'll send it to George and he can pass it on to you. But I probably won't get it. I'll get it. I'll get it. He probably won't get it. George can use that 30 cent. Yeah. WAM Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey. Yes, sir. They all. Yeah. The fart Joe. You can't play them on the air, right? Farts sounds. That's correct. Okay. Down here in South Florida. I know you're up in Canada. Down here in South Florida. They have been in auto supply. Commercials. They come on TV all the time. Yeah. And then the commercial. The orangutan is sitting on the hood of the car and he cuts a big juicy one. So right on there are all kinds of spots. We have spots running here where there's like a dulls floating children. There's kids. They're running hard. So I'm not going to waste my energy going through this again. Don't you don't have to convince me. Call up Joyce over there and equals convince that bitch. Okay. Convinced Jolly Joe Bell. Oh, gee. The forming sounds. And Joyce this. And this one that. Yeah. When somebody, you know, somebody left for example of somebody. Why don't make you a race card driver. They tied your hands behind your back. And they put a blindfold on you and said, hey, go out there and win the race. Baby, let's see. Let's see you doing. You know, you do the best you can. I hope that you survive the whole ordeal. And that's, that's all you can do. And these people are in total denial. Oh, well, you know, if you would just have a Chris screen the calls. If you were, they know nothing. I'm going to say it again. They know nothing about talk radio is less than nothing. All they know is ball games. Ball games in Docs, France and guys that throw baseballs in footballs and basketballs. And I'm going to tell you another thing. Considering the fact that they once considered themselves the premier sports station. I mean, like, hi. This is Fred Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's hockey authority. The old Rogers. See, I mean, we had the stuff like that. How come we don't, I mean, we had those horrible horrible rejoins things with F*** shack and who, who the other ones we had. Yes, can we? Green, wait. I think we had one from. Yeah, I believe so. Oh, but I mean, how come we don't have show intros by some of these people, huh? Or about where some of the past people like Danny Boy. How come we don't get Danny Boy to do an intro for this show? Or from where is the sum of his good buddies like the Humper and Mad Dog, huh? You see what I'm saying? Nope. What do you say? I'm saying that Josh Dero clearance Dero is us, Simple then, that's what I'm telling you. They're just, let's talk about, see they got the wrong guys for us sitting on their ass. I'm not thinking I'm sitting on my ass. I'm waiting to see something, a little something, something beside this horrible, awful, Well, I'm not going to win with you. Thanks. 1065 and at pole, 560, 050, 50, 50, pound, 560 and a Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. You just don't care anymore, y'all. WQAM Hello. Josh van second in. WQAM Hello. Josh, he's got his own fan club out there. And a lot of fake Josh is on the internet. Everybody wants to be Josh. And that's because they want to rush and girlfriend, I guess. WQAM Hello. You're on the air with Neil Sir. Oh, I'm on the air now. It sounds just like you, yeah. OK, thanks. Thanks, Josh. Listen, but I got a call a few minutes ago, I was saying, what was wrong with you, show. This is not wrong with you, show Neil. I've been watching for time listening anyway. Many years, listening to you. Yes, this is nothing wrong with you, show. I do every minute of it. What I do, what the only thing that I do have a complaint about is this spot that plays in the afternoon. One after the other. You know, I mean, so much time. I'm excited. And then, remember, we're going to start doing to maximize our profits. We're going to start playing two at the other time. Yeah. The other guy is advertising, you know, right now he's advertising that the guy that beat Neil, Rogers and the ratings. But what's up with that, Neil? That's true. We had a four something he had a two, three. Which sounds bigger to you. Well, you wonderful. How about Hank and Jim, how did they do? Neil. Not good. Not good. All right. Thanks for taking my call, Neil. Thanks for making your call. Well, basically, at a three, eight, we had a three, one. Not good. Yeah. And so I guess, I guess now you go by a cue. I hate to break the news. The essay of the kid. Nobody pays any attention to cue when you talk about ratings. Okay. It's average quarter hour share. Even children, even little children, a sandbox, know that. But since you just paid, she'll, for I'm in stuff there, sitting there making a bunch of stupid remarks, what they would you know a lot of it anyway. Oh, I miss his off the air, the Iron Man. He can't go back to New York. So now he's going to try to start a contrived in the other day. Now, just keep talking to good game. Like I said, the day that you beat us in a book, that'll be a cold day in Purgatory. Okay. Baldi. 10 70 on a poll, 1,075, 670, 560. I did say I'm not going to resolve because I would be killing time and going through the motions. It puts the motion in your basket. That's what Randy Quimassan. Looks like he was from a little. In fact, that was a still picture. I wonder if there was like if we could, if there was like a little motion going, I don't know me. A motion, maybe a little motion with that motion. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good. I've been listening to you since 1979 and the answer is real simple. You guys made your bed with the dolphins and now you're going to line it. You're going to hire all these dolphins and poise. Well, I mean, you, you, I mean, I mean, 2 a.m. Not you, not you, not you. I mean, you're the greatest. You'll always be the greatest. Yes. I'm talking about QAM. They hired Kenny, a bubblegum worker who's the dolphins PA and now it's a boat dollar who's the former dolphin and and Jim Manditou, won't talk to dolphins. He said that dolphin happy talk down your throat until you're earring. It's not what we want to hear. And, you know, I was a big little QAM fan, but I switched. I listened to Joe Rhodes. I listened to Sid Rosenberg, late in the afternoon. I listened to Leopardard because they listened to Leopardard. And they did because they talk about things other than the dolphins. And when they do talk about the dolphins, they ripped the dolphins. They tell the truth about the dolphins. Yeah. And so that's the reason why people have turned away. Okay. You guys, your station's your shield for the dolphins. It's become a propaganda arm of the dolphins. And it's not what we want to hear. It's really that simple. It's not what we want to hear. So I was, I want to hear, guys. Well, you, you, you, you, you, you used to it. Well, then we're going to find an alternative. Okay. Well, I guess you told them. I told them. You have a great deal. See. I think the timing on that whole deal is not really very proficient. Is it? I think we got them dolphin broadcast back on here. We're going to, oh, we love the dolphins. They are the best. Come on. Let's jump on the man wagon. Come on. We don't want to be left out in the cold. Here we go. Here we go. We love the dolphins. It's a big, big, small. Miami, that's a dog. Oh, boy. Hey, listen, master Lebanon. I'm saying we're speaking on the line. We're at my junior, honey. I believe that we have enough future. If I can carry on this way. If I say I'm so, but it was just a lie. I am so free, dear, hi. What is easier than go to a meet? See, hi, my name is Whitney. I started long ago. Smoke's upon a dear little girl. Have a win and LSD. Angel dust and something. All these lovers so that they're next to see. Lying in my face and I'm drunk free. Ever touch you with me. They've found some part on me. You found the greatest. Do what you all inside of me. One thirty two and five sixty w to Q a m. So, you know, one of the things that we've heard repeatedly over and over and over and over and I wouldn't know because I don't listen. But the fact that Eric Reed is on there doing his own live spots and our windbags got his own lives spots. How about ours, Marvaz, he doing spots Chris? I don't think so, and I am. Oh, well, thank you for that. Then we've got him on the air for a Christ's sake. So they can sell up, you didn't get him out of there. Kick his hands out. And it's just it's got to the point it's like you old agada was talking about the worst team before you had. Yeah, Joe doing live spots and then Gellie would come back after recorded spot or two and do a live spot. And then another recorded spot or two and then default would come back and do another live spot. And by the time they got through with the eighty five minute break you'd be like, oh, like an endurance contest. Can you endure this? Would you pass out first before there was actually any kind of program on there? Before anybody says, makes a little sound with their mouth. You know what I'm saying? No. Now, San Luis Cardinals pitcher Josh Hancock was drunk at the time of his fatal accident. And marijuana was found at this fortetilly. Quickly was driving, you know, this, America, are you ever going to grow up with this? Marijuana was found. Oh, gee, he hadn't part in his car. Wow. Police chief Joe Makua also said in his conference that they 29 year old Hancock was speaking on a cell phone. At about the time of the crash, early Sunday, I sixty four and say those. He was driving, speaking on the cell phone, I had a little wacky weed in the car. And Mr. Hancock was legally intoxicated at the time of the accident. Mark was said, say, Luis Medical Examiner Michael Graham said, Hancock's blood alcohol level was zero point one five seven. What's like our number at night, isn't it? Close. Zero point one fifty seven nearly twice miseries. They go in at a point zero eight. He was smashed. He was plastered, baby. He was feeling no pain. Well, maybe that's a good thing, you know. Makua said eight and a half grams of marijuana and a glass pipe used to smoke. Merge, we knew we were found in the reddit for the explorer. Tax ecology tested, terminated drugs were in the system, haven't been completed. And how much is eight and a half grams of pot? I don't know if a metric system. Get up on your own conversion system. We don't do the metric system for weed down here. Or for anything else. Right. So how many kilos are you smoking today this weekend? I get only two point two pounds. All right. That sounds bad right. And actually, the reconstruction team determined a handcock was going sixty eight miles an hour and a fifty five Zoma is issued. These struck the back of a flatbed tow truck stopped in the driving lane. Makua said there was no evidence handcock tried to stop at all. He did swirb but two late. Graham said the picture died within seconds of head injuries. He wasn't wearing a seat belt, but there wouldn't have prevented it anywhere they said. He was speaking with a female acquaintance at about the time of the accident. See that? Speaking with a female acquaintance when this happened. Those women will kill your man all the time. The last year or two. They'll kill you slowly and extensively over the course of many. This was at least quick and pain. I guess painless. He was you know, so plastered. Ten seventy nine in the pool. You better refresh that Mister don't read the result yet because that guy's going to be a very upset Crazy Dave. Ten eighty one. We need nineteen more votes for eleven hundred. W to Q a m hello. Is this five six me? Let me say again. What did I just say sir? W to Q a m hello. Oh. Yes. I'd like to shed some light on the eight point five grams. Yeah. Go ahead. Eight point five grams is a lot of pot. It's like over a hundred dollars worth. So yeah. What? Yeah. That's not a lot. Well, I mean, you probably wouldn't be buying that much unless you'd have in a lot of fun. Maybe you wouldn't. Okay. Thanks. Sound like an expert. Sound like a voice of expertise to me. And here I thought George knew something. Here's a fact from Joe Huertha who says the ratings for your show on the last book. Our surprising considering you have the best radio show by far in southeast Florida. Southeast Florida not South Florida. And certainly not. I'll listen to every day and I tune into the Mad Dog and Hank. But Neil that morning show with Kenny and Bow. Has to be the worst the absolute worst. Even when Doidoy do I was there. I could listen to the morning show. I can't anymore. You know the day I tune in accidentally. I felt like battery acid was being poured into my ear canal. Neil your ratings will go up and once again you'll be number one best regards to Joe. Thank you, Joe. And you're right about that morning show Joe. Oh, it is just. Woo! It is unspeakable. What is this? I can't even say it on the air. It is. Uh. That. WQAM. Hello. I can't say Neil. Eight. Eight grams. Seven grams is a quarter which is twenty five dollars. Twenty eight dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I probably would. Okay. I don't think so. I'm not going to write anymore. That's true. Yeah. I also have a big pot fight. Come on. Let's have a big pot fight now. Yeah. You're a cat fight. Let's have a pot fight. I'll win. Come on. You two weigh in. Hotline. Hello. Oh, that's always the hotline. Come on. And how did you think that last? Yeah. Yeah. I'm good. If you were there in the studio, you oughta smack Jordan head. Not knowing his metrics and his weed. Yeah. Twenty eight point three grams and now. So eight grams is a little bit more scale has English on one side in metric on the other side. You let this guy speak for Christ's Jesus Christ. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Again, it's twenty eight grams and an ounce. So therefore a quarter of graph is going to be a little over seven grams. Yeah. So that guy said a little about the buck that's right. But that in a lot of weeks, it's just something good stuff. That's right. And you know what? And the guy's still dead anyway. So it didn't really make too much difference. No matter how you cut it, he still did. No matter how you smoke it no matter what you smoke it from and through and around and about. He still did. And he was drunk and talking to some bra on the phone. Oh, she was probably nagging. Oh, honey, you're like that. Probably not how it goes. I do. Nagging and nagging and nagging and annoying and just driving him up the wall and probably just, you know, probably wanted to die at that point. Probably just let me get it over with. W2QAM. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Hey, I was wondering, what would the open hand face ratings on the buzz in the morning? Open an Anthony. They don't show up in this market. No, sir. But I'm Eastern shopping south Florida now. Not that one. Okay. As. See, a. Hopefully an Anthony man. Now there you go. And what about Don and Mike and what about all? I'm telling you Bob and Tom. I said that long time ago. Did I tell you that? Yes, you did. For a year. You really believe. I'm using the Bob and Tom to get a two two in any market. No. No. I mean, that's a pretty scary number when he came right down. And then, of course, that one month where they had the point eight or whatever that was. Whoa. Whoa. Hang on, baby. Hang on tight. We're in for a wild ride. I can tell you that. 21 before two a QAM. I thought coming up at two and then it says the power hour, but I don't know if that's so legit or not. I don't know. Because Hank is in Louisville and if he's not doing a show today, why would he be on between four and five and then it decayed from five to six to three from Las Vegas and then the Marlin game. You understand what I'm saying? And then game that with Craig Mish. Mish Mosh. That's what we need is a lot more of those, you know, living markets on the air and those people. When you think, whatever. And of course, don't forget O.J. McDuffy. Seriously, if they put him on the air, I would like on a regular, I may have to kill somebody. Why do you best? Where's Steve? The TV. And there's a middle-class TV. It's kind of bizarre. She's dancing with the stars because she's advancing with one day. Well, it's sure it's quite a side-hide. Where if I said it could make that high? Well, it's a seeking for me. It's what we want on the sea. Because she's a dancing with one day. It's a couple of she's dancing with one day. It's a dancing with one day. Well, Marlin is through what is she trying to do. She's a dancing with one day. Oh, oh, oh. She's a numb, no, no, but the world. That has danger when she's real, help. Well, they're getting corrupted from that egg as well. She's dancing with one day. So folks are gone to jail. And it's a pretty brave thing to do. Yes, you're taking the chance when Heather dropped into dance. Because she's advancing with one day. Oh, she's dancing with one day. She's dancing with one day. She's dancing with one day. I don't think she moves because she's dancing with one day. Oh, she's dancing with one day. I'll tell you what to do. I'll make her run high with both. Boy, oh boy. We're really into this week. We're on slide now. We got 10 91. Chris, what do you think? And Ruben Ruben, I've been thinking. Okay. There's numbers where we're really sticking. I think you're pouring. We'll get it. You're going to get it all right. 10 92 and he ate both for 1100. Not that anybody really cares about that. Like that fact. So you're the fat boys boyfriend. That's who that was from, by the way. Was it? Oh, yeah. I'm just called me Shilah Combs. All right. I was going to mention this. I didn't mention it, but I didn't read the story. Folks think of it anywhere active as joined by S.A. She doesn't know why she wasn't allowed to perform for recovering soldiers recently. And while we'd army medical center, she planned. And later the Washington Post published Wednesday. She said rocker John Melon camp, who used to be John Cougar Melon camp, but that got a little bit to pond, you know. So I just John Melon or as what's his name used to call him John Melon Balls. Remember, Ganzo and Ganzo's will, Ganzo? Oh, you're so lucky. He was talking about Cornball radio. Jeff Melon Balls. Had answered a performer in the last Friday, she accepted his invitation. I've always been an advocate for nonviolence and I've stood this firmly against the Iraq war. As I did against it yet, and on more 40 years ago, she wrote, I realize now that I might have to have contributed to a better welcome home for those soldiers fresh from Vietnam. Made that's why I didn't hesitate to work step-down, but taste is seen for those returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. In the end, four days before the concert, I was not approved by the Army to take part. Strange irony says, Johnny. By S.60, six boys, season old, far enough. Sure. Even older than I am, that's old. To the post of the telephone interview, two days she was not told why she was left off the program by the army. There might have been one. There might have been 50 soldiers who thought I was a traitor. She told the paper, the post reported that the water we officials didn't respond to request for comment this week, but that an email statement published Monday on rollingstone.com. Spokesman Steve Sanderson said the medical center received the request for participation by bias just two days before the concert. These additional requirements were not in the agreement contract and would have required a lot of occasionally told the magazines website. Melon Camp earlier told Rollingstone.com. They didn't give me any reason why she couldn't come. We asked why and they said, she can't fit here, period. John Bias, communist to all of the, you know, next thing they'll be asking for a Jane Fonda to be there. That's America for a band. Fashista Fashista, if the Nazi effed way baby, make no mistake about it. And here it's the QAMF in way where we're taking the pipe baby. We would take out all of you. At least we still got our hair above water. Not that I have a lot anymore. You know what I mean? Like that song. What's that? Moving on up? Keeping your head above water. I'm not going to play it again. I'm too lazy. To play the show anyway. Ten, ninety. Ten more votes for that. Eleven, hundred. We only got thirteen minutes to do it. And the way things are going. See, that's what happens with complacency and stupidity. And of course, parents do what they ought to do is, at two o'clock in honor of this book, they just came up. They ought to take clearance out. There's got to be a big flagpole somewhere there. Like maybe next door on the corner there. At the anecdot, please. Probably. Probably a big flagpole. And just hang his ass right from there. We can get Charles 467 and 10 to come and cover it. Give him publicity for a change. It's about time parents got hung anyway. WDQYM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I was just going to say I've listened to you for a long time. I love your show. I'm going to think of listen to since 1927. But at least. I think when the Jews, the Jews come back and I'm sober. I think you're rating is a part of your back up. When the Jews come back, when the Jews come back, remember you used to say the Jews come to use? Yeah. I hate to write to you this rating is from January for Bury and March. Yeah, I just figured out maybe because they go away that God bless the rest of the ship goes down. You want that? Hahaha. Hahaha. Ah. WDQYM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's your school to slide guy? How are you doing today? Okay. I remember we should go and call him and talk about Joe Rose come back to kill him. Yes. But if they go on to call him, my name is Held. I know I read it on the ear this morning, sir. I heard that. That's what makes sure that you heard it. You just remember the quarter five that goes to you. That you come back to kill him because now, in kidney, there will flow. Okay. Thanks for the bullet and. Volume Kenny blow is what this guy said. I don't know about Brandy Quinn because she's got her hands and everybody's pantalones there. And I picked your Johnny O'Rages.com by the way. Right. I love the pull below the pull below the West below the West. I'll tell you that. Talk about a hit below the belt. Yeah, Brad. It's right under the polls matter. Fact. There it is. Brad, you got that pink shirt on to you. You haven't forgot to notice that. Do you know? No. Where he's got a pink shirt. She's got a big smile on her face. Brandy Quinn. Brady Quinn scores a touch. I don't know who is who in that picture. That's what it's saying. Brady Quinn is on the right. Okay. Okay. I'm not going to go back and look to see. She's on the right. She's got a pink shirt and some great pantalones. The kids got his hand in the general area of really his thigh. Not his private's. Not his thing. And even the other guy there on the left who looks like he's having a pretty good time with a drink and his hand. A drink he poo. He's got his hand on the kids thigh. But Brady Brandy, she's got her hand right there. Smack on the sweet spot. If you catch my drip right on the kids. Fuck. Right. I just, you know. They're just having a few laughs. You know, guys will be guys and all of you guys. You get together and grab each other's. I guess I don't know. 1102 Chris, you're okay. You're safe. Cool. I think it's Chris is fault that we had this bad book. Right. We've been talking about. Jinks. And he's probably responsible for Kenny and Bowen. You have to do it in the nighttime and that 0.7 tonight. I mean, when this radio station can have a any day part, I'm sorry. When we can have a day part, even though it was a lot of panthers stuff and it starts with a, Oh, you know. And of course, I'll tell you another thing that really helped to is when they started putting that in the SPN radio on a 10 o'clock at night, that was really good programming, baby. Wow, to make sure that everybody wakes up in the morning with their dial set and anywhere but us anywhere but us called Pennywise and pound foolish, Pennywise and pound foolish. Maybe instead of sending a big off and that thing. What do they call it? The thing? The common line. The NFL combine to measure everybody's things with his calipers there. Maybe instead of wasting money on talk about it like that, they could actually put some real live programming on there. All the way, I guess they are having any chaos again because that went over like a pregnant pool of all the other in a hot July day at the equator. ESPN radio 10 o'clock at night, while some people might actually still be awake at this gray shameful. Even George who hates as you know, the spectator sporting like poison even you could have given a point or a two. What? You heard me about what? I don't know. I'm not worried appointed. No, is the apparel result? Well, can see how to be proud. I haven't read the result for a long time because that one guy there, a fat boys boyfriend. All you know is read the apparel result and you're just going to the motions waiting for your next vacation and your next big fat paycheck. And what's the point? I got news for this show isn't the problem on this stage. You can be damn sure that you can bet my life on it. My spouse girlfriend boyfriend is smoking out 315. I ain't got nobody, 270. Used to be hot and not so much no more to 01. Just okay, 124. Too fat, 94. average looking like I said, averaging bad, 64. Of me a sin 18. And I guess sin must be pretty ugly, huh? Oh, really? And 2 skinny 16. I've 1110 votes. We didn't do so bad. Okay. We're holding our own. We're hanging on. We got the life raft here. We got that long cord along you. In the oxygen here and we'll see. We're training water. Wait and see if these people will ever come to their senses and see if they're going to shoot clearance right out there in the parking lot, right? Two o'clock this afternoon. When the little hand hits the other big hand. Right, the girl is a girl with four. The girl is a girl with four. The girl is a girl with four. The girl is a girl with four. The girl gets the bun of the feet. Five, six. All. You do that. Oh, the girl is a girl with four. You do that. All the girls are a girl with four. And you're a girl with four. Oh, yes. That was about this radio thing. All the back today. Oh, the whole picture is so dull. My, I mean, heeeey. What's that? And that's all new, very beautiful, don't you? Oh, you're awesome in the body. That big is bad. Why is she? Why is she? Why is she like this? Yeah. I don't know if there's news going to kill her or not. I don't know if there's a chance. Oh, real good. I'm not done with flattering myself yet. How about your food? Now bring back with a blackie ball line. You haven't shown this well before, but you're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're an amazing woman. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. That game is a whole moment. And sports up your ass all day. Five, six. We're eight and. No, not yet. What? What's the sport you start play out? I don't know. I don't know. I'm more than a good guy than a man's. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. Bye bye.