Don't get how many take over any walk, free spall, come by, come out of the woodland. The baby happened with me. In a birthday card? Oh, they don't make break enough cards. You're fire, I see you all. Be a chill, go, be sick. You just have to be a band, eh? I've heard of that day. So what I'm gonna do is be a bandage. Because you have a bad day. And take it once down. Take it, stand, hold. Turn it around. Take it, don't go. Tell me don't go. You work at a smile, let me go, come by. Yeah, let me go. Yes, it's been fire. You fire. You need to act for things to go. Now that's when I call, I'm bad, hey, hey. All right, look, I've got a hangover. Who knows what that means. He lost his genitals in a fire. He's just gonna rest it. Like we've lost our mode, though. I think I'm going to be sick. You're fire. I've got one bonus. Yeah, let me go. I've got a lot of fun, you can't go back now. You can't go back, you can't go back. You can't go back, you can't go back. You can't go back, you can't go back. I'm too low for this. I saw this drunk guy threw up. And then I'm chidgen-edit. He broke up. He cheated on me. I got your son. She dumped me and broke my heart. You broke your penis. I paid by her with just much to wet my shun. Then I won't gotta raise her. I have one going in. What's wrong with that? What do you need to pay for? I don't know. What do you really need to? So you have a pair of hair. I have a pair of hair. There is. What do you need to? Braceful. When you can have one big round one right there, then it will be your chest. And by the way, Mariah, Louis still ain't interested. Okay, hey, Louis. You're fair. I know that he's on our main mice face page thing there. He's on. I never know the set before. There's a picture of Louis Miguel. How they have forgotten. I'm going to start getting some of that Louis Miguel music. I'll get you the few. I'll crank it up. You got this. I'll get this. I'll get this. I'll get this. I put it into the computer here so that I could make you that data discreememember for your power. That's right. That is correct. And I think you're there. It's one of my greatest all-time accomplishments on the legendary Neil Roger show is back when it was time of casting us in Tampa and that onchias redneck yay who knows picking horse ball town called Tampa on WSUN. And I actually had redneck spine, Louis Miguel records in America. It's true as in Tampa. I know that for a fact. Remember we see you've calls. We don't want to overdo it though. What's that guy to do with Mariah Carey? Hey, Mariah. Guess what? You know, he might occasionally dabble on that side, but not too often. 118 votes on yesterday's pool. Now what was the story? Well that's right. We had the ball game yesterday. Anybody know that the Marlins winner loses. Anybody know. Does anybody care? No. I didn't think so. Exhibition. Yeah, the one five one. All right. Let's hear. We love the Marlins. In fact, the game was probably so simple. That we ought to replay it starting at 11 this morning would be good. I think that's a plan. I don't sound like a playman. Excellent. And I even though I have another losing day of woodbind, every trip they're pretty much mostly, but not that bad. In other words, it was a marginal plan. How's that? Now what Hank was in Newt of the day, he can fabulous with me during a break. And I sure wish I could have heard what he was saying, but Chris had the, well, not your fault. And I don't know why I'm blaming him. He's getting better. Yeah. I could barely hear the offer. But anyway, he was going on about A's been winning so much, sure, lately, and his gambling exploits in this legendary, the legendary gambler, Hank Goldberg, is even beyond the there. What? Let's take a look at that schedule today. Is the odds of Mark's, they just mentioned it in past. Eyes of Mark, everybody knows what that is. Mad Dog at the rival sports wheel, a two o'clock that at 4 to 5, it's the power owl with Hank and the Mad Dog together at the rivals. What does that say? And rivals, coupe at rivals. What does that mean? Well, that's the wrong example. He's the up-take guy. Produced. Well, whatever, cigarettes had so much to write on here that he just couldn't handle it. He just crumbled under pressure, which he's already doing. Nice job on those numbers, by the way, clearance, you're building up something nice solid one share. All across the board. Nothing like consistency. Hank had rival sports wheel from 5 to 7, so that's where we're going on today. Then you got your pants in preview, and said, when I heard him this morning, and now I shut the monitor off as soon as I heard that voice, pants in preview with 7, pants in the assabers at the Mcerwin at 730, and then followed by 80K from Vegas. Well, everybody is somewhere, you know? Well, that's good. Well, that's good dog and a hump are at rivals, and 80K is in Vegas, and he wasn't to run though, but it would be pretty good, but right now it's tough. All these... All the party things. Here's the poor for me as to, to speak with silly things. This was disgusting, huh? But you think you want to apology to the audience? By the way, Chris will be pleased to know since we have a full four-hour show today. I'm not really happy about Kenny promoting everybody should be watching it. He didn't really put it that way, but you know, why remind people? Why, why is it like saying, well, this is the show we got on coming up next, you know, old Neil. It's got nothing to do with sports and with college hoops, but 1230 get on the barcle out. You're a bapapaya. Barcure allows you to do this, okay? You jackass. I think they have to take that square table and, you know, just turn the thing over on his hand. They will have all your march madness updates right here. Yeah, good. I got it. Now, I'm sure I'm going to be able to... In fact, I'll tell you what, because we're so sports and since it's on the stage, because our program director and the people at own in this station are sports nerds. Maybe we could just put the audio from that on here. Which is that going to be on Chris? Yeah, I'm going to be on this. It's going to be on what? CBS. CBS. CBS. Well, CBS here is the channel 16. CBS. In fact, I watched the local buffalo play by 16 all the time. Here's an autopsy. How do you say? Has made an escape therapy a very heavily. Well, escape therapy with Montel. There we go. Excaid. That's like being ex, you know, ex alive or something. Anyway, getting back to this. Exhuman. The most embarrassing bodily function, order or abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is cutting a louder, bad smelling fart. Boy, there ain't nothing close to that. It's a good thing it's not close. 591. I think I made an excellent point. Yesterday, I don't want to linger on it too much. But the same, you follow what I was saying? We say to you, if you're alone in the room and you do it, you're thinking, oh man, it's really great. Right, especially if it's loud. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, thank God, thank God, thank God, thank God, thank God, thank God, yes, God, yes, God, thank whole people, great, I'm, Friday, and I, I'll be fine, March 5,, Friday, 29 of September 4, 7, 2030 24, 31, 28, 31 it pinebl best, I knew with the bell of both nations, and in October They just stay hated everything. It's a soft photo, and from the way, and that's because there's a lot of unhappy people there. And of course, if I was forced to be there against my better judgment, I'd be pretty P.O.2. Luckily I'm here, and I'm not there. Oh, kiss the ground in Toronto, baby. And yesterday, again, it was like 58, I think yesterday. Not today. But it's a little previous spring up north. I'm getting a no-r expected stiffy in my pants 59. We won't touch that. Well, spit flying out of my mouth while talking 33, having a fishy smell, women it says, but not necessarily 20A. There are some oriental people. I hate to say this, but oh boy. Smelly underarms 26. In fact, they smell a little bit like Luca Brassie, because they sleep with the fishes. It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brassie sleeps with the fishes. Smelly underarms 26. And people on my first 20. A food between my teeth 20. Visible nose or ear hair 13. Stomach rubbing 13 like my dentist is doing there on Monday. Although, I think that made it a little less. The previous Monday was much more aggravating to me. A lot more pressure. And he had a big red rubber ball in my mouth. It felt like choice. But this Monday, I think the fact that his stomach was scrumble. It was like it was a distraction, a diversion. And I was thinking more about that than the fact that the pain was so grotesque. In fact, the bleeding finally stopped today. It's only Thursday. Dan Ruffen, my her nine, you better get head and boulders, baby. Burping four. And you know, in Holland, I can't say in Holland because I never really been. I've been having been like you tracked and all those other great. The types of cities. But I'm just a dumb. They do that. They go out of their way to Belfsla. It's just a big shone. You do that too. Or is that just something that Chinese people say? That's what I heard. I never heard the, you know, Chinks do that. He's trying to go to the Japanese. One of those, you know, you know, one of those Asian groups of people. You burp it to suppose to illustrate or what it's like. It's a statement that you're enjoying your meal or something. I see. I'll put you in. You're a student. Let's be your noodle. You know, bacon is probably you shut up already. Jesus God. All right. All mighty. Crisler motors. Burping four. And the none for having the hiccups, which are other than that. Chick that's been hiccups for about five years. The one over there on the West Coast. Listen, if you live in Tampa or Lutus or one of those plays, you'd be hiccupsing a lot too. At least at least it takes your mind like I'm talking about. Diversion with the dentist. It takes your mind off the fact that you're there. And women with a facial hair tell tell mustard and none. That's not a bodily function or abnormality. It's just if they wanted to shave it off the beard and mustache, they could do it. Maybe it's a fashion statement. You never know. WCWM. Hello. What are you doing? Sure. Okay. So that's our pull from yesterday. The one today we've got it like I started telling Chris a moment ago. We've got to lick eight hundred and twelve hoats already. So confidence is very high. This I'm not lying. I even paid any attention to this, but the sunset will make such a big sinus out of this. It's almost like when steak and shake first arrived in time. Remember that few years ago? Yeah. Why do you say it would set you this morning? Everybody's making me a huge deal about it. But what? One place open way out in the end of the world. No, it's outside my house. It's like I said. Yeah. It's after about a month. Yeah, it was a adult. And that's not the only one. There's plenty of steak and shakes. They're shaking it. And they're sticking it. Oh, they got the best shakes that steak and shake. It's right there on sunrise. What are you talking about, man? You better get with it, man. Because you just don't weigh out your hair. So in other words, there's sunrise and plantation acres is way out. You're undernourished. You're under me. Yeah, I'm sure. Go ahead. I'm talking to you, this. You're only here this on QA and this is on radio station in North America. Where you'll hear go ahead. Go ahead. I'm talking to you. Or anybody talking to you. Yeah. That goes to share. A cushioner and tosses. That's where you say that. Now, once pace off coming up by the way, once pass over. We know Easter is like April six is good Friday. I guess the eighth is Easter sunrise. It's just something we'd be forward or something, right? What is it? Isn't it right there in the week before? I don't know. I don't know. So Jews have a head start program on his end. I mean, we'd be forward. Well, didn't that happen during the summer? Is it a little bit too difficult for Chris to turn out? I'm going to somebody send me. I don't know. It's not on the calendar. It's not on the calendar. What is it, a calendar for Goiam? It's not a calendar pass over. We're very certain is going to be passing off. Pace it. It can't be. Everybody would have been. That means a little bit of water. A little bit of water. It's on the set. The last supper was a say. Or maybe Jesus, Freak was a Jew, man. Jesus will be a Jew. What? The way of work. It's on Sunday on the second. April Monday. Well, if so, that means I'm taking off an extra week. Vacation. Isn't that the week you're going to be off this way? Yeah, just on vacation. We for pace off. That's right. I'm going to have my last one. I'll have a season pace off as they say. And I have no idea what that means. No, do I care? It's all about you. It's all about you. Go ahead and tell me. I have to attend at 5.60. WCWM. Roger. This court finds you. Get to. Jumping out of the Cal State. Y'all, Frank, for this. Bernie, jail. Where is the part and you need the most? I can't believe this. I can't believe this. I can actually go to jail. I can jail. Cuz, go to la viesto, the me toast. Ah, crap. Not working for you. Damn right. They said he's guilty of who he, he lied and now who's lost. Let me just need to see him gone. I'm here. You. So the sunlight just to get us to war. The house I was at I'm safe alive. How the burdens guy high while we're getting poor. Now we'll never be able to afford my signature. For shen, Jamie must have been high to think we left them real. And our lives, and we just need to see them gone. Let me hide a bad day. Shooters on the down. Give the fence a song, but the dignity now. If this was you, I told. Jamie said to lie. They're all going down, because they found it that's fine. You let us say, we'll be clear alive. We'll be long, we'll be long, we'll be watching you. We'll tell you, we'll be yourself. And we'll shoot you with the face. 10, 18, it's 5, 6, 2, 2, 1, and here to be great. Used to be great. One of the great. That's what Bruce Bruce Lee told me. We are going to be the best day in sports station. And I looked at him. I thought I didn't do a sports show. You cloned. You used to be a person. And he said, well, you don't have to leave it on. And I'm his day's work for it on the state pay. It days pay. And I got out of my band. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. Let's see. Wait a minute. Let me just find the right fit. Here we go. Oh yeah. Yeah. Go after your sleeves and do do do do do. But if the engine and raw off your sleeves, get out the old man. How many times do you have me boys? 9 times a day. You're not the old studies. Lift up the hood. Go to man. Always think. I'll be a friend. I'll be a friend. You're not in with them. Well, that's really said. Ross P. Rollman and obnoxious little bastard with big ears. Although I sure would have been better than what we got right now. Of course, then again, so it would have anything else. It's kind of like the programming across the street. Dead air would be anything. And that's why it's just amazing to me. But I don't want to go into that again. Okay. So I've teased this before and you just kind of let me off the hook. For all time. What's wrong with that? Did he let me off the hook? Can't do it. How? It's time. Can't do it, shall we? Can't do it, shall we? And that was kind of interesting because you know, Tom Hagen wasn't in the muscle end of the family. But he could flex his muscle when he needed to. When he kind of gave the nod of the head like, yes, stick him in a car and you know, it'll be an accident and somebody got hurt. Anyway, it's not even open yet, but the new cross brings Chick-fil-A is already drawing crowds. Oh man, it's open now though. Why is this a story? You think they're, you think the people from the Sun Sentinel are like eaten a freebie there, something like that. There's nothing I despise more than people eating free meals from radio stations and newspaper. Oh, I'm sorry. Now, see, that's the perk of being in the business. If you can't get your free meals, I'll let those of you point even being in it. You know? Especially for you guys. Chick-fil-A. Now, what I've seen in that, I mean, I know it's a chicken joint. What's the idea? Well, that. The nation's second largest fast food chicken chain. I'm sure we know what the first one is, like right next door there, can't say. Begin drawing crowds and groupies to its new course brings where we say anticipation of its grant opening. Today, they were, they were, wow, they were all gathered around yesterday for chicken. Oh, I got to, I got to blow my nose. All right. Well, it's not, it's not good. I want to keep, let's discuss it. Yeah, nothing. Oh, man. Yeah. Much better. Thank you. Well, that's why I see it's informal here, because there's nobody around. I got like a drawer over there, and I got all those old ACNs this and there, but I'll hand these spanking case I sneeze and mong on over myself. Oh, not good. More than 50 people, while a crowd. That's like bigger than the audience we got of certain day parts. More than 50 people flock to the restaurants new stand-alone restaurant at 1341 North University drive, and start to camp in, I have to be among the first 100 people for today's opening, which has already happened. If you missed the opening of Chick-fil-A and Carl Springs, you missed it. Damn it. The restaurant open for breakfast at 6 this morning and the first 100 patrons got 52 coupons, for a one-year supply of Chick-fil-A meals. Well, no one that they're all lined up, but you're free loaders. 52 coupons, for a one-year supply of Chick-fil-A meals. The cross-frizz location is the first free stand in Chick-fil-A drive through and Broward. Well, that's, that's like saying that the CN tower is the world's tallest free standing building, which it is. Well, usually they're all in malls and stuff the Chick-fil-As. Oh, so this is, I guess it is. Yeah, it says most of the chains of the area restaurants are mall-based. See if you would love to get told. Sorry. Well, I'm sentenced here. We would have known that, but you, yeah, that's fine. You've got to be Mr. Smarty pants. We know that you know what all of them. That's great. I'm happy to know what all. Because I don't know much. What? The Atlanta-based company plans to open more than a dozen new locations in South Florida, the ice-35 years. And this is written by Jacqueline Jovis at the Sun Sentinel. And if you're saying, like, this, you're giving a call. All right, I will. Oh, what is it? There's a bad, they have good chicken sandwiches. That's their big thing, but also their other big thing is waffle fries. Waffle fries? I like waffle fries. I don't like regular fries, but I do like waffle fries. They're good. You know what really sounds good to me is cheese waffle fries. Cheese fries. Cheese fries. That doesn't look good. Is that what they call? I don't know. I do believe they have those in Crystal. I'm not really sure. And then of course, and we have that one lonely crystal on Power Line Road somewhere that everybody calls about whenever I bring that up. And I don't have any idea where it is. We order where we really care. Because with, with Crystal, the burger was about like, like, 18th of an ounce, and the bun is like fluffy and big and all carbs. Well, well, what you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. The bun is like fluffy. Not that huge, but just compared to the burger, it's gigantic. It's monstrous. QAN Hello. I think about the Chick-fil-A is you walk in a film like the Chick-fil-A. Yeah, okay. A cool for you ought to be. WQAN Hello. I think you know. Speaking. How you doing? Good. I just wrote about the Chick-fil-A. Flooded with people. Really? I'm not going to stop the street. They're waving. Hey, come on. Everything's chicken and all that kind of stuff. No, I'll be damned. Well, let's go. Don't get hooked in there, man. There's like three people there, I think. Ha ha ha. Oh, so I don't know what this is. Maybe it's my allergy's acting. I'm allergy to work. See, when you're off at 12. 50, like we were yesterday for the ball game. And in fact, I was out of here so fast that my cat guy wasn't even down there. He's always a human ifs early, you know, because I told him on a clock. And I was downstairs at five to one and I called him up. But I said, hey, listen, where are you? You crazy terrorist bastard, Nidenson. He's a good guy. Terrorist. WQA in, hello. Me? Yes, sir. The first guy in line was from Peter'sburg. But I had chicken. Yeah, probably drove down. Yeah, I would think so. He waited all eight minutes from six o'clock. Yes, they just took a free chicken for you. Well, I hope you got plenty of it. So I hope you enjoyed. I hope you gag on it. WQA in, hello. Now I had to be him, you know that. QA in, hello. You should be ashamed of yourself about Kenny and you're talking about how he's talking about that. So fast, if all after the way you talk about his show and dog on him all the time. Yeah, yeah, you're right. That's a good point. He's so soft. Um, so that's what I'm going to be good. It's going to be in the dog. QA in, hello. No, no wonderful. Good. WQA in, hello. I knew how you doing. Okay. Good. I listed you guys. All every day I'm on the road all day. The crystals you're talking about is on power line and sunrise. See, did I say power line? I said that. I think yeah. No, I'm sunrise bullet bar. Right. And you want to definitely, when you pull up to that right through, just keep your head low because it's not the greatest area, but the hammerers are outstanding. Yeah, absolutely. The hammerers are outstanding. If crystal, what are you talking about? Good. They remind me if you're right. If you're in the right mood for those little sliders, or whatever you call me, if you're in the mood for that, they don't want my arrows. I'll tell you that. By the way, Wayne, if you're out there listening somewhere, call us again one of these days when you're ever going to open up again. The years keep rolling by. Everyone wants it a while when at least expected, I'll punch up a liner, be way in our old give me the latest update. He's working feverfully to get that real cancel going in. I'll tell you, well, canceled's got it all over and so did one cancel all over Crystal. Although any time you're in Tampa, you're so depressed and so anxious to get out of there, that what you do is you, the one on tail maibries, always good to pull off to the drive through, and you just open up the truck and say, fill it up, baby, they throw it about 4,000 of those greasy little cheese burgers, those sliders, and then you get some of them cheese fries to get your, and you get that mung all over the steering wheel as you drive. It's really good. And then you get on the highway, and you just, you're for it, just get there loud of their spasters you can. And you head for lutes, and the temple terrace, all of those places. 26 past 10, really seriously, what happened is there's like some kind of a genetic, like it's like the missing link, and that part of the state is something missing there. Like I think it's in breeding. Does that what it is? All those centuries of in breeding, that could be like in Tennessee, like in Nashville. We've got a love Nashville. Don't try to start the drive at a wedge between me and Kenny Walker. Okay, he's okay in my book. Although that's show, well, 864 votes on a pool. And see, I thought that we're doing entertainment show. What does he give such a crap a lot to Dan Colle, whoops all about? It's a sports thing, okay, make up your mind. You know, you know, is it entertainment or sports? What are you going to be? What is it going to be this week? It's going to be an entertainment show. There's going to be just another Dan's for sure, which we got way way too many sports shows already on here in this town. Way too many, one is too many, way too many sports shows. I think this afternoon, Mad Gogg and Humpur ought to talk about strip bars and getting laid and stuff like that. You know, and about the big boobies, things that people really care about, as opposed to some stupid ass bunch of ball games. Don't let me forget by the way, 1230, it's a college hoops. Okay. 27 past 10 of you. You did a lot of bass. All right. The few Rogers are sports old radio WQA. King Mountain North Carolina's. We're going to call for Oprah. Hello. Oprah's wondering, were you sexually active in college? Yeah. And I thought, whooping was a laser. Yeah, nothing like that. Chicago. Hello. Hi. I love the show. Thank you. I want to run into a crowded buffet in yellow opera. That's true. Yeah. Who knew? Boonsboro, Maryland. Hi, Larry. My question for you. Okay. How much do you weigh? 64, 63. Get out. Yeah. Houston taxes for Oprah. Oprah, I'm trying to earn money for college. Do you have any suggestions? Uh, prostitute yourself. And so, yeah. Seriously? Why not? Yeah. On the streets. Hopefully. What the hell is it? Oh, that's a lady. Oh, excuse me. It could have fooled me. If you hear anything in the background, they're doing another one of our fire alarm tests. At least I think it's a test. It's for real. They'll be able to smell the fumes. And the good news is, George reports today that the work and the guys in the roof ain't working. Yeah, so far. So far. So far. So boldly the after effect. We may be trying to give you lungs a one day we pre-vied out it. But, you know, just count your blood. I think it's a great way. Roads on the pool. Oh, I never even did the pool today. Did I never got around with it? We were too busy with chick-fil-A. And then we had like 600 calls all of which were the same person by the way, but never less had a lot of response on it. 885 votes on this pool. Embarrassingly, I don't know blank. Now, leading by far, I know the answers to everything on here. 634. Thank goodness for that. I know them all. I know what all man. And that would say 711. Pull that day and you'll mose it off. That's right. That's why he's a blathering idiot. 634. No, the answer to all these questions will go good. That's 72%. I hate this pool another 10%, 89. Embarrassingly, I don't know the words to the star-spangled banner 58. There's nothing embarrassing about that. It's a horrible national anthem. It's an awful song. And it just makes the only way that ever saying it right was Jose Feliciano. Remember that? He's saying it? Yeah, the start you don't have that? You better get loaded. I thought you were an expert on all this crap. Anyway, words to the star-spangled. Can you hear the beeping on the thing in the back? Yes, hose the door. You can hear it. It's going to get hotter and hell in here too, so I hope that that is. Korea not far ready to you idiots. Embeursingly, I don't know the answer to several of these 51. That is embarrassing. Where Iraq is on a map 18. I guarantee you that the honest answer is a lot more than that. 18, my ass, okay? In fact, if you look at a map of my ass, you'll see Iraq. It's all mischaping. The answer to any of these, no, yes, messed up a team you. The political leads in seven, who are nation's capitalist name for six. Wasn't it a blink-o-one? Our first Jewish president? What size fought in the Civil War three? How many stars there are on the fact flag, too? How many states there are on Union, too? Come on. What are your American-accredits and dependence, too? And who was the president before WWII? I don't 888. They're two idiots out there. They don't remember. Come on. All baseball coacher and deadly bus crashes being released from the hospital. Let's break news. I'll see you in a breaking news. I'll be a bit of a book about, okay, that's Tony Harris, that's Smongadia, that's on their can't stand him. Boy, he gives me shpilkeys. I just can't stand his whole syrupy, silky smooth, a rough test gathered through, something about him. So who cares about Chick-fil-A anyway? What's the big deal? I'm more interested in the Orange Bowl, not the stadium. Oh, remember that once a pound of time, it's not before your time. Like in data and every shopping mall of any size had an orange bull where they had the plastic slices of pizza, they tasted just like playing it. And like Orange drink and all kinds of sugar-free carbohydrates and stuff that were just, is that still in business or what? I have no idea. Orange Julius is still around, because there's one in the eight and center, boy sure what shark can have that. I haven't seen any of those down here like, Orange never gets hit out of here. Get out of town. All right, I'd love to. WDQA, I'm hello. Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. I don't know. You got excuse me, I got a little cold here. That's okay. I don't know a couple of weeks ago, talkers magazine, if you mentioned it, you made their top 100 most of your day. Yeah, 16 on. It used to be 14 or 15, but I fall in just like the numbers. You know, dropping like a rock. No, it's good to see you're still in the top 100, don't you? Yeah, oh yeah, wow, top 100. That's quite an honor. It's like saying in top 50,000, you know, what an honor? I don't read that crap. You're a little right, you're mine. Whatever is less of it, it will rot. A talkers magazine is for idiots. Right, I understand. The only reason I had to mention is because Howard mentioned it the other day. I know that. I mean, the old news, thank you very much. It's like a week and a half or two weeks ago. And he said, oh, he's a lot better than that. You ought to be a head of most of these people. That's right, Howard. Are you serious or what? Yeah, you ought to go on serious. You know, then go on FM and go, you know, take a big dump in the middle of Young Street and just have a wonderful level. All these people do this, do that, you know, just leave me alone. I've doomed just fine. Just fine. Huh? Yeah, that too. W-w-a-m-ho. Q-a-m-ho. Q-a-m-ho. Oh, that'll be you today. When I got this, yeah, that'll be you today. When I left one pound. Ha-ha-ha-ha. All right. Buddy Holly has been in the box all these years. And he's still cutting them up or could just cut them. W-a-m-ho. I deal. Yes, sir. You think you were talking about your rating? Yeah, this. 560560. I'm not going to get a lot of calls in today because they got short. The ballgame, this day. 934 votes. 1-894. What did I say? I'm eating cock-eyed here. 894. So, we'll be well on our way to a thousand by the top of the arrow. We'll be way over 900 and Chris is really pumped up about that. Oh, yeah. Jumping for joy. What? Definitely. Yeah, let's, I think that's a great idea. That was Brandon's idea. Thanks a lot, Brandon. By the way, the two of videos you put under the two you, Q, they're no longer, what does it say? They're no longer available, right? Yeah. So, I appreciate that very much. And George keeps telling me I got to see the South Park episode. Oh, yeah. Even more so than last week, although both of them, they're about different things and both of them are must-see. Well, I'll be scouring for that since there was any hockey game tonight. Replayable. I believe I'm a big opponent. It'll, you know, you might mess yourself. It's so funny. Really? Well, I'll be sure and have the depends on. A standard Republican is calling for a turn-ege in. I don't stop with his fire alarm. I mean, how long it has gone? B, B, B, B, B, B. Oh, my God. I'm going to go. Oh, and also, let's be in the morning shrug. Get back to this in Alberta, 50 minutes. Speaking of another reason to rip them in an ass. You know, I, like I said, keep them on or down as low as possible, because I really just can't handle that squirt table and gay or not straight or buy or upside down or, you know. But somehow, Tim Hardaway came into the conversation again this morning. And Kimba Bulkhamper, see? And it's a fraternity. It's a sports fraternity. Birds of a feather, all the jobs. All the guys that take showers naked together, they stick together. And so all I heard was Kimba said, well, you know, wasn't that much of a big deal. And Timmy, you'll be all right. And you know, I'm sure he probably hasn't trained as mine. And what he said, but the, you know, God of the guy said, worst things than that. Timmy, this, and Timmy, that Timmy, Timmy, Timmy, sounded awfully familiar to me. Timmy, Timmy, Timmy. You're fair. You're not like they were doing something. Maybe, maybe, both campers were like, they're shot with Timmy Hardaway. Really, was it? It was just, grow testkin on it, acceptable and embarrassing and humiliating to me. You know, if he would have made some comment about all you crackers, whatever like that. But because it was a fag comment, that's still socially acceptable in America, especially among in jocks circles. You know, audio pansies, audio fagots. Audio guys who are light in the loafers. You know, mad dog, why's he's too said a lot. You know, light in the loafers? I know, I know some gay guys who are, pick all of our jocks, including both campers up with one hand, and just smash them together. Just give them like an airplane. It's been 900 votes on the pool. I would see, do you think everybody care about Tim Hardaway or what a dumb jock like that says, what is anybody care? You know, I don't know my down with. So when we come back after the very crisis, we're going to start talking about black people. Night night, team-ray, bird is right night. Last two badgi, ray, bird is right. One of the changing ray, bird is right. That's the story of Tim, is the light, another team-ray, bird is right. No one else can do the match, but we just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We just don't get it. We're like that. And he still got him. And then mutton chopped half sideburns and whatever else. He always gets a big kick when I say mutton chopped sideburns. But that's what they call them. Right? Back in the 70's mutton chopped sideburns. I was right in and along here, and he was also had him in jene r美 burn did not. It's jene r美 burn did have one time. He did have mutton chopped. He did. What's the pot of time in America? He did what? He told you he didn't know what to do. Oh, man, I'm losing it. Okay, here's George. Oh, he just blew it up. You're a monster, mister. Nine hundred twelve votes on the pool. I don't know if I like this pool or not. Let's see. How many of what percent I hate it? Yeah, ten percent hate this pool. I would agree. Although I do like the one I would think I may use this one for tomorrow. Oh, and you know what you forgot to remind me of? What? But it isn't my pile here. I just found it by accident. The BSO deputies will conduct a traffic check for what operation tonight, nine to midnight, stay away from waterdale lakes. Not just that, anytime if you're smart. Nine to midnight and the thirty nine hundred block in north was twenty first free waterdale lakes. They'll be a checkpoint, baby. They're going to be checking who's not the unised they're going to be doing body cavity searches, everything under the sun. They're going to be looking inside outside up on top, down below. Vehicles be inspected for defective safety equipment motors will be asked to show it, baby. Show their drivers license, registration, and proof of insurance, man. Information is publishing compliance with the Supreme Court, but we put it right. They don't want to tell you that in other words, but the Supreme Court said you better fast up and tell them that they're going to be shaking your ass down. Nine to midnight tonight. In the thirty nine hundred block in north was twenty first free waterdale lakes. So if you're a plaster, you're probably not really good idea to be driving through that hood at that hour. Nine seventeen in the pool, a big crisis charting this down. We're going to get not going to get fifteen hundred again today. That was you know, maybe you're once in lifetime kind of a thing. Maybe someday we could do that again. You know, we ever had a good pool. Everybody'd line a vote on. Do a set. What? What? I don't know what that would be. If I know what it would be, I'd put it on there. A set of Republicans calling for attorney general Alberto Gonzalez dismissal is Democrats ways of peening president Bush's top aides and the escalating political fear over the firing of eight federal prosecutors, Senator John Sinuno of New Hampshire. A long time Bush administration critic facing a tough reelection campaign, called for Gonzalez's outdo yesterday just hours after Bush expressed confidence in the anxious, tragic attorney general is a long time friend. I think the president should replace him soon and said, and if you, I think the attorney general should be fired in it. Let's get Donald Chumpiner. He or fired it in demand. You little magic. Although some Republicans have been tepid in their support for the attorney general, tepid. Luke Warren, baby. In fact, that's what we stand for. Flip over every week is Luke Warren. Sinuno was the first to go so far in a wake of an upper or lower the distance to Barman's firing of the attorneys and his response to congressional questions plus a separate report that the administration abused his power to secretly investigate suspected terrorists. The White House issued a court response to Sinuno as a march. Remember, court, he was the one that said, Damn, God! We're disappointed, obviously, the White House folks have been told he's snow said they just dismissed the Department of Folks Women's Foods to comment. But a beat put a boot put a bow down there. Although Bush left himself room to sack the attorney general, speaking about sack. Remember that thing we had yesterday about the long not sack whatever that was. Yeah, the thing was that came, right? It came, okay. It came, buddy. We're going to give you a bigger bag. Oh, yeah. What a sack of crap that is. Speaking of Mr. Eagle, and that make believe sure want to make believe station. Everybody's going to make a living, oh, yeah. I was thinking when I was reading that, but I didn't want to editorialize because it was just overwhelmed by that. But not, not really wasn't shocked. I was thinking of myself, here's a guy that's head over the years. Everybody part. I don't think he's got like one eye eye is ass his unit. Everybody part of him is like fake with all these people he puts on here. Here's the doctor. This one and that one and they're going to put a new ear on your lower. They're going to stick a nose where your left ear used to be. So he's got all these funny body parts. I've never less more power to him on a station that nobody can even, even if they wanted. Listen, they have no idea where it isn't if they knew where it was. They still couldn't pick it up. How do you like that? I'll look at that first Mormon president, Mitt Romney. The answer is no, he'll be on the lower. Another good reason not to watch the suspended one. It's in the bag on a lower king's show and the guests can all smell it. So he's got Mitt Romney on there and see, it's not so much that he's a Mormon. It's the fact that he's a phony, he's full of crap. He changes his positions depending on which way the wind is blowing like John McKin. Kind of that field, you know. And all this excitement had to be a publicans have about Rudy Giuliani because of all his pasturing on 9-11 and so on. When the stuff hits the fan about his 85 divorces and all the him and nudie Gingrich man, same deal. All these phalyandering right wingers. They're always pointing the finger at all. You perverted liberals, all you secular humanist perverts who are doing everything that moves and doing all these disgusting things. In the meantime, they got like 85 wives and 25 girlfriends and his buddy Bernie Kerrck is up there banging his brains up and nothing that was supposed to be the big bunker across the middle of the road train center. Even RT wouldn't go there. 9-28 votes on the pool and burrsingly I don't know and then of course I know all the answers to these a 667 72 percent so they're not embarrassed because they know what all. I like this Bob McAllen guys. I don't know what any athlete of any era. He's got to think 27 Yankees to play with Baygrews more recently in basketball, Michael Jordan, the bulls of the 1990s. Yeah, but probably the number one choice would be the late 50s, early 60s. I mean, that's what we'll state even play with Ohio. Let me suit up with Jim Brown and Ray the Schruppin' back. Oh yeah, let me suit up there. Let me look at him. Let me get naked and take a shower with all these jobs. That's what Bob McAllen is saying on the fan in Toronto. You see, it's not just a South Florida thing. It's just a worldwide thing. It's the sports nerd mentality. I hate this pool 96 10 percent. The words to the star's fail van or don't know him. 60. The answers to several of these 53. Uh oh. Where Iraq is on a map 18. See that's not moving because they don't want to admit it. That's how embarrassing that is. In fact, if we asked where Florida was on the map, there's about half the audience couldn't find it with all three hands. The answers to one of these nine, flood of allegiance seven, who are nation's capital as name for six, isn't it very taller more? Yeah. What size thought in the Civil War three? Wasn't it the east and west? Sure. What year America declared its independence three? How many stars are on a flag to how many states there are in the union two? And who was present before W? You may not remember, but Bob, well, we sure wish we had a backup to do that. See what this is very important. Facts is on another poll. If Bush decides to cancel the 2008 presidential election, who will be the stop him? Oh, Tom, let me put that way down here. A back of the stack. Yeah, back in the bottom of my stack. We got all of them. I like the one for tomorrow though. About the dumb expressions. I mean, I don't know if it is for tomorrow, but I'll decide. You know, I'll try to judgment myself when I get around to it. What I'm good and ready. Remember Burger Chef? She ended up in America for like a half an hour ago. But I do have a record lecture in that. Now Burger Chef, I think it was in 75. I remember that very well because I was at WJ and I was Palm Beach in 75. But I lost all that weight. What was I doing at Burger Chef? If I lost all that weight. I was finding it again. You lose it. You go looking for it and you find it. And I did. That's really sad. Although I'm not that, you know, I'm still in a very low 180s. I just can't make the transition yet in the 170s. I got plenty of time, you know? In fact, if I'm next vacation, if I should be an Amsterdam of all places, I think that will help a lot. Because you don't be in a lot of great cuisine and Amsterdam. Let me just warn you that right now. It's a fun place when there's a lot of tourists there. But only the Dutch people are there like in a wintertime and when the weather is crappy, which is part of the time a lot. You don't want to be there. Believe you me. Because the Dutch people generally speaking are mostly disgusting and grossest. But besides that. But when the Amsterdam because it attracts somebody's savings of tourists from all over the world, especially all over Europe, that's when it's really interesting. And I mean, like that, you know, but not the food. The food is never interesting. Tell us the expression of people say a pig in a poke. Or I already read these yesterday. Well, welcome up to some other ones. In fact, we were mentioning someone I should have written a mine here. Well, I'll put a lot of work in on that. I'll spend at least what 10, 20 seconds on that. Maybe even 30 seconds. 30 seconds. Huh? Republican lawmakers from that for now are listening to an expert play down the promises of embryonic stem cell research. Did not let the public know they were meeting even though the Florida legislatures considering two bills on the issue. This is in the Harold Gary Finout. I wonder if he's can to Gary tune out. Oh, we got a lot of those on here. What have drew us now, Steve is doing? As many as 25 House Republicans gather at the University Club at FSU on Monday Night to Electro-Vimer Wing Condick, a neurobiologist and professor at the University of Utah School of Medicine. The dinner and comics expenses were paid by the Republican Party of Florida. The lecture comes at the same time that legislators are considering two bills to set aside 20 million dollars for stem cell research. The main difference between the measures, the version backed by Democrats, authorized by the spending money and embryonic stem cell research, which we also have the stress of human embryos while the Republican version does not. And by the way, speaking about the county for how much rather had a shower with the ill Murphy of anybody. Republican leaders said the meeting was first disclosed by the Palm Beach Post and non-violet any public meeting laws. There was no secret meetings to represent of Ellen Boggott Boggott, a Republican, one of those who attended it was a lecture to provide people with valuable information. Representing the Franklin Sand's, the Western Democrats sponsoring embryonic stem cell legislation said he was disappointed, he wasn't invited to even told about the meeting. I would like the issue debated in the sunshine, Sand's said, he was going to call an expert, so this is the most of the issues in the affair. I wanted that ever to start, especially with right wing lunatics. You're killing life, you're killing life. Yeah, all these people are dying in Iraq. We're not killing life over there. Thank the Lord for that. Thank God. They deserve it. They shouldn't have been like this. They're general Peter Pace, who gives me the trust when he comes right down to it. Representative and Terry Flores, a West Carolina Republican sponsoring will have said to side money for stem cell research said doesn't involve embryos, so she had nothing to do with the organizing Monday night meeting. She said the meeting was the idea of the state to you, which she said promised members earlier in the year that it would host presentations at topics of interest, so party members could make more informed decisions on the issues and continue being in the end of the fall age, like the pissed off caveman. He can probably relate to the Republican president, or most of them are coming from. The end of the fall age. Let's take 400 giant steps backward. That's what we've been doing. And let's say I'm not right at a kilowatt-buncher people, like Moe would say. I don't want it's not really worth finding that thing on area. Kill some people. That's what the Bush administration does better anything else. Kill a whole bunch of people. That's right. Blood on her hands. Blood just rushing, pouring. It's like somebody open up a gigantic faucet in a bathtub. And it's just pouring blood. Like what movie was that in? Was that in, was that in, he there is? Yeah, I was just going to say he here's John, I was just going to say that. That's the one, isn't it? What the elevator door's opening up and all of them blew up. Yeah, all of them blew up. Down the hallway and that old hotel. Oh my God. That movie was terrible. I mean, head potential. I mean, head potential had parts that, you know, some good parts, but as a whole, yeah. It was grotesque. He was Johnny. That was about the only good thing he did in the movie. When he sat there and he kept typing, but it would be better. But it would be better if I'm tapping and typing and typing and tapping. But it was pretty weak. 1056 and 560 QAM. 6.0 is our drawing. This is our drawing. This is our drawing. This is our drawing. Any questions? All the world loves a cloud. So this April Fool's Day. This radio vision is going to make a fool with other views. That's right. We're going to turn you into a laughing star. Just be the 10th color when you hear this star. And we'll get your pants down around your ankles. Tie your hands behind your head. Pay the smiley face on your butt cheeks. And lock you out of your house. You'll be the center of attention and no time. Remember they're not laughing at you. They're laughing with you. With you and your butt cheeks. Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of since they've already done quite a good job. Make the fools of themselves every day on the air. Employees are never the less wish to drop the pants and public are encouraged to do so after leaving the station property. The NA PRO Fool. People are free for your chance to win. It's 1102 at 560 WMC. The eyes of large rolling a couple weeks away from Easter and the pace of and all these good things and the April Fool's Day. That's a me is one of the most prophetic things that people do. They go on here and they make up some stupid cornering and they get to the other side of the motion on. Oh, gee. Great. We're the used to do that. So how much you want to bet that we have people on this radio station that will be doing that. Although it's a Sunday show. You asked the United Repentary. What have you been? That guy's going to call back. What did you say actually be ashamed of myself? Why would you imply that I was talking about the least? I've been trying to show myself. I give my honest opinion. In the fact of the matter is that when we got guys in there promoting some stupid basketball game, we're doing Gonzaga and University of Rochester School for blind women. I mean, what's all is that? That's not exactly what I can. Well, of course it is what I expect because that's a kind of leave in your given a sitting way. Actually I take that back since it's on a Sunday this year isn't it? April Fool's Day? No, it is not. Yes it is. So yes. We before Easter Sunday. April Fool's Day. Oh, Sunday the Friday. The Sunday show Sunday Sunday. The Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday okay Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday together Sunday day Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Saturday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday midnight Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Christmas Tim or take his word, but I don't want to sit on the air. Maybe a little problem with the health department possibly. One of them. I don't know. That's just a rumor flown around. That's just extra protein. And the thing with the fuck rockers is that there's one right there not far by it for more I've been living for the last many, many zillion years. So right, so I'm going to say, it's so much University. Very good. And you know what used to be next door to what I'm not sure if it's still there. It was in RB's. And every two years, RB's comes out with something really, really good. And then you try a few times. He said, oh man, that was good. And then they discontinued. That's right. You know, when these are famous for doing that too, although I do like when these all the time. They've always got general good stuff. But what's in a while that come out with you? Like the shroom and cheddar bacon and what? Don't have any other salads, though, at one day. Like their taco salad or anything like that. You do what? I said, don't have any of their. Really? Yeah. For example, their taco salad is just a salad. But in other words, a bowl full of greens. And then they give you a bowl of chili. They're chili. And you're supposed to pour the chili on the salad. And it's all green. It's soupy. It's like that. So much fat. When we're going to get some fast food for Jews for a cry. So he says, I've got a fast food for going. So I'm going to get in back to flood rockers. I think that I like flood rockers. You know, it's the same thing. The idea of building one, Bervie, or to your hamburger cheese burger. You know what? The only problem is you have to remember tell them, don't butter the bun. Hold the butter. They butter. No, listen. You don't have the sensitive stomach. You got the irritable. You have the same thing going. And every time I would eat there, I would have to. It's not that far from my house. You know where it is. I'm maybe a four, five minute drive from there to get to my house. But Jesus, man, I have to pour that fat. You mean, you didn't get any way they're asked. They buttered the bun. Oh, just like that. What? I like that. Well, I don't like that. And then rumor, I'm getting this, that Chick-fil-A does the same thing maybe. But now, one of the gunster put mayonnaise on there for your burger and your chicken sandwich stew. Talk about chicken order. You don't put mayonnaise. Let the Dutch do that on their fries. Okay, ask John Revolta. He'll tell you a hundred times. Oh, the Dutch, they put mayonnaise on their french fries. Ah, ha ha ha. Yeah, that's what a great line for Volta. You idiot. But at any rate, you don't put mayonnaise on the sandwich. And just tell you that right now. Go ahead and do that. Not real people. WCW and hello. Hey, Neil, how are you, buddy? Okay, sir. Yeah, just not to be living in the past and get Georgia upset. Don't get upset. Sure, that was one of the, that was a horrible place. But it was it, make you own Sunday place, right? Everybody's stuck to fingers in the sink, all the dirt. You're running, you're running out? Oh, and I don't remember that. So I was so glad you brought that up though. Oh, what a fine reminder that is. VIP, dash, I mean, pasta VZ. Zips, zip, I remember that. And tasty freeze. Oh, yeah, remember tasty freeze. It was kind of like a rip off on the old dairy queen. Remember the dairy queen. There's still a little bit of that. I got those BK brothers. Say, whatever the call I don't know what they got. But oh, don't do those. But anyway, Zips, it was like, somewhere to what we're talking about with the burger chef and fuckworkers, where you would go in and you'd make your own Sunday. And they had, you know, like your, like car vial ice cream. What do you want it like soft ice cream? Not not real ice cream. What do they call that? Soft. Yeah. And it was, the ice cream was not good. But then you could drown it with like, you know, hot food, your butter sky, your caramel, or some people say caramel. I have no idea why people say caramel. And they know where they're hell out of me. And it's one thing if you say tomato when I say tomato, or potato and potato. But caramel, do you love that those people? I really love hardly of those people, eh? Oh, yeah. Like that. That's right. Big gabbellie. Warnings you're all the time. I'm going to tell you if you missed a kidney and bone warning show man, you are missing a last ride. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be back in Brooklyn. She's still relaxing. Got a handle across the street. She's like the poultry trout for taxi burger from that. I hear you. You were making a huge hole ball away. 1973, wherever the house of wax and 3D, the original one was in price. They made, they made it. They made, they made that one too. Too many we made movies of ones that were class of station, just to release the original. But then again, they can't make any money off of that. Q, A, and hello. It's butt breakfast is no longer there. Really? Absolutely. You're right. No, your burger place is Mr. K. You should. I'm going to analyze the university is no longer there. Absolutely correct. Sir. Okay. Maybe the British didn't rate their wussity. Oh, I don't know. I'm sure it's still there. I've seen it, man. I've seen it with all three eyes. I haven't been there in a long time. Well, I have. Because that's where my house is. Man, it was just there a couple of weeks ago. I'm sure that Fudrock is didn't just vanish in the thin air. You know the rest of the time, I don't have any idea what it is now. It's changed about 600 times because it's too damn big. Across from the Howard Mall on the corner of university and what is that? University. And something. What was that? Huh? University and what? What? What? Well, you know a crush on the Howard Mall on the corner there. I think it's brown. It was a Chinese restaurant and Howard Boulevard. That's what I'm trying to say. Give me a little help. Okay. I'm out of touch for Christ. Say, sure, the one that's supposed to be the expert, Mr. Howly Wood Brown. Somebody help me, baby. I'm lost. I need a road man. I couldn't find Howard Boulevard with both hands. I looked like a stone throw from there. No, but there is a huge restaurant. It just off the corner there. As you go and northeastern, I want to west side of the street. And I think it's changed 40 billion times. It was a Chinese restaurant. It was a 40 trillion. And I think nobody can afford the ren in there. It's a problem. I got to do about 80 billion dollars a day. Business just to pay the rent. Because the place is humongous. You know, it's an interesting thing. I try to tell ponytail this long time ago. Who called it in my anniversary, not that long ago. 14 days ago. Two weeks ago, it was made as a matter of fact. Let's replay the anniversary show. I try to tell them that. I was thinking this yesterday. I don't know why. But there are some locations. Even if they're in the middle of a place where everything else is doing great. But just certain, for example, we got that right here where I am. There's a street that's got all these great restaurants on it. And then middle of the block, there's one place. And it keeps changing. No matter what opens up in there, it goes out of business. The other places all do great. But that just at one, you know what I mean? There are locations that are like cursed. That's exactly. That's what Patty Hurst said. Hurst, the worst. Oh, 34 degrees currently. Well, what's wrong with that? Plus one. I think I've just got through saying that there's sky miles. Whatever this said, Chad, the ever. But see ever. Where's Rob Marciander Day? No wonder I'm depressed. 980, 78 votes, boy. And before the half hours over, we're going to be over a thousand. Things are really looking up, man. I think the audience is making a comeback. I don't think they really went anywhere on this show. I think maybe it was an aversion to that square table. Maybe the telltale we're going to like maybe catch something. It's Bob Dull. Bob Dull says Bob Dull's been a fine-advised lawyer. Later to investigate the Soilin Green style treatment of our wounded soldiers at Walter Reed Hospital. And along with Donna. That's Donna. And Bob Dull's as with the capable help of Donna. You, good and asked for a better team to investigate Robert Reed Hospital. Much like John McCain, I'm a decorated combat veteran. Turned politician through my baller down the memory hole for anyone. That came along when I big enough check. So, I rest assured this thorough investigation of Walter Mathel medical hospital isn't good hand. It's better to find out about the other hand. The man that will endorse the check I'll get from IAP Worldwide Services. And they say worldwide, but they're located in Florida. 11.17 in 5.60 WCM. I've said this is a lot about a community man when the opening of a Chick-fil-A is big news and people are gathered all around and they're running up and down the streets naked and just going crazy and flappin' or thing in the breeze. That tells you a lot. They're finesse to breeze. A California woman whose doctor says marijuana is the only medicine keeping her alive. It's not immune from federal prosecution and drug charges. They federal appeals for a world yesterday. So, I never heard baby. Fascist USA. Let's just keep playing that for the mentally and the time. Or then we might throw in a little of that too. The case was brought by Angel Rage, an Oakland mother of two suffers from scoliosis, a brain tumor, chronic nausea, other ailments, under doctors advised she eats her smokes marijuana every couple of hours to ease her pain and bolstering on it after an appetite is conventional drugs do not work. The Supreme Court ruled against Rage 2 years ago saying that medical marijuana uses and their suppliers could be prosecuted for breaching federal drug laws even if they lived in the States as his California where medical pot is legal. Because of that ruling, we issued before the 9th U.S. Court of Appeals was nearer to be so called right to life theory that marijuana should be allowed if it's the only five lives to keep a patient alive. Rage 41 began sobbing when she was told a bit of a sentence said she would continue using the drug. I'm sure not to let them kill me. She said it and she said, Oh my God, oh my God. I swear this says right here in the AP story. Oh my God, so what she said? I do like that. But right now it's very funny because my psychic powers must be kicking because I was just thinking about hot now and here Brandon says I'm sure you've been to these places hot now which I never I know where it was. I never went there. A druthers red barn, sandy's and burger queen. I've heard a red barn. What was that like? Pol folks red barn? What was that? Oh yeah something like that. Pol folks red soup ice soup video like green soup piece soup. Uh oh. I don't know how they make the piece soup but pol folks but burger queen. I've heard of that. I mean I think probably most queens. You know there was a restaurant and Dave not on and Davey but on Davey, Rob road. Davey Boulevard. Called Jimmy January's. It was a gay restaurant. Okay and it was really good. It was great. It's also long gone. Do we find out for sure if that fuck work is gone? I would really like this fire report on that because if it is you don't ever mind. Chuck your fax machine. Oh. We're just refrared back for almost fell off the gear. Here's what it says and to the pool who is the first to send the necturacy of independence. What gay means anything about sports? Who my daddy is? What sex skills like and how to boil an egg? That's good. Okay here it is. Wow. This fax says fuck rockers closed six to eight months ago sir. You better know your fuck rockers mister because you sure don't. Sir. And you are. I'm so really correct sir. Wow. How do you like that? So I guess my of course followed up there. Nobody was talking about when I had a sign on the door that said ain't going to be serving no food no more. Maybe the fact that we're buttering the buns. See I never realized why. I mean the food was really good and you know what they had in there that was great. I think you wouldn't find it burger, chef or some of those other joints. They had these big vats of like. You know how you go like win choolers in Marshall Michigan used to have it like they called bar cheese. Okay you know what bar cheese is? No. I've got to put right down. They put bread or buns or crackers on the table and in some restaurants they had like a crock of real orange looking. Yeah. Yeah. It's like butter you know what I mean? Okay. And but it's incredible. It's bread very good. The edible spreadable very good spread them and say cheese. But so what was I talking about? But anyway the food rockers they used to have that. Huh. And man do I love that. Slytherin maybe a little slices of pickle on there and a little some of that nice cheese. That's edible cheese. Mmm. But it's gone. Fudrockers. Now if you don't have long that food rockers was there that was there for about I would say. I was there in 50 years. I would say maybe a blanket in a there. I think Henry Flagler built it. I wouldn't be surprised. Oh you know who built uh uh uh what is the name of that restaurant that in uh Amsterdam and the hotel Europe? Freddie oh now the restaurant famous bar Freddie. Freddie. Freddie. Freddie's bar since I'd be hotel Europe which is a very over priced very expensive hotel. Yeah that's right. Freddie. Freddie. Freddie. And then in Amsterdam you go to the Heinrich and brewing gets some free samples. I just mentioned then passing to that was like right up the street from where my uh the last department was. I had an Amsterdam. I think I'm going to go back and do that again. Give me an apartment Amsterdam. Oh this time I like the bedrooms not underground with mold and spiders. The size of bowling balls, things like that. That was probably not all I could. I felt like little miss muffled every now and then because I'd sit down on the edge of my bed and long would come a spider and we got a thousand four road squares. Oh my god now it's time to go get that bar cheese. Did you get the regular or the jalapeno? Look at this. It says I double you beast is I just went on the foot rockers location. So I threw away two left and floor a door. One in Orlando and one in Miami at 10680 Northwest 19th Street. You might plead me please to know there's one in Canada but it's in Satskutun. Satskutun says Satskutun. I don't think I'm going to be going to Satskutun or any place else in Satskutun. I wonder if Satskua changed up in Satskutun. Wow. Satskutun says Satskutun. I wonder if that's where your medicine had. Yeah I was in four roads on the pool. I'm trying. I am. Moose jah. Yeah. Right next to the ice. And a callow is really good. What a fastes are just pouring in here today. Today's pool. Nations capital. I'm sure most people realize it would name after George Washington. What about the of sea? Why the district of Columbia? Name for Christopher Columbus. Question mark? The district of Columbia. That's an excellent question. I haven't got any idea. Yes. What's the answer? Do you know the answer of this question? The district of Columbia. Yes. Well Columbia. Yes. As in the city was named after Christopher Columbus. So yeah all the Columbia Columbia Columbia. What do you mean Columbia is the city? What city is Columbia? South Carolina. South Carolina. Whatever it is. Columbus South Carolina. Columbia. You've got me confused. All the Columbus. Whatever is our number. Number. What about for Columbus? How about Icaramba? That too. How about Yamama? So Satskutun Hill. Well yeah. Now we're getting down to some really nasty frivolous. But thank you very much whoever sent this in from the Floridian Circle and Lake Worth. 2010 votes for Lake Worth. That was my first department when I worked at JNOS Palm Beach was in Lake Worth. And I would have been a 75 or 33 years ago. I would have been a half of my life was had gone by. Do you understand what I'm saying? What did you say? I don't know. And at 32 I mean I was definitely not qualified. I wasn't nearly old enough to live in Lake Worth not even close. Not even close. 1010. That could be 1010 wins New York or could be CFRB Toronto. Here's the Bremic Farland Sports Show on CFRB. And now let's go up to the Gondland. Bill Hewitt and Bremic Farland for Maple Leaf hockey. Let's get hockey intensive. Okay. Currents all whipped up into a frenzy. Very soon after that. There's not any ice here. You enjoy one and you're my one. I'm a man. I remember that. I'm sure George is all excited. Norman is on here on the Maple Leaf for Classic. But WQAM. Hello. Hey. Neil, how are you doing? Hi. Hey, this is just a little FYI. I just opened up a flood record here in Wellington Florida. Really? Yep. You know this is Randolph. Do you ever read in flood records? Yeah, that's pretty good. Now you know the cheese I'm talking about. That's incredible cheddar cheese. No, I didn't use that though. But I'm just telling you it's there. They have it in a big crock man. That is good stuff. I mean if you like that. Yeah. I know. I've got the next time. But they have big grand opening. They have given away a bunch of stuff last week or so. A lot of people are going over there now. I'll be there. Okay. Everyone Wellington stop all by. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. I will never be in Wellington. I mean I don't know that for sure. I mean, you know, one day I'm one day I might wake up like in a stupor, you know. Like, yeah, like what just happened. And I'd be right there in Wellington, you know. And as they take me to flood records, it sounds really good. Actually, that sounds good to me. See, I like that idea of, you know, if this is about hold of mustard, hold of ketchup, hold of pickle, hold of, you know, hold this. Somebody tells her hold of pickle man. I run and call the police. But they write. That's Burger King right. Hold the right. Hold the pickle. Special orders don't upset us. Right. I can't let us. Right. But I like a place where you can go in like that and you can like fix your own. Just give me the burger. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. That's right. Okay. You don't get, but the buns you all have the runs. I'm telling you right now. Or good. You need a good. Yeah. You know, charhup where you're right there on the other side of the counter from the person fixing your burger. And you can just point to the something and say more. That's right. That's right. More or less. You know, I'm going to go back there. You used to go to my pill doctor there in Tamarack. Almost every single time because obviously when you're going to go get blood taken, you'd be going to be fasting all day. So I was starving and it would be after work. So it would get to be like three o'clock. You know, I'd have the blood drawn and on a way down the knob, he'll row. There's a charhup right there. And every time I go through that drive through. And in fact, I should be getting free charhup every Wednesday too. You know, that's really sticking to you, man. You know, guys don't even feel it. He's sticking to you. I feel it. Do you? The hurts. Well, because the thing with Chris is he eats the bun when he bring it to burgers and stuff, you eat the bun. Why do you do that? I mean, George is, George's whole family is atkins and getting it. They're not a bunch of big fast sloths. They could use it. We know a couple of pounds. But why are you eating buns? What is wrong with you, man? Because it's yummy. I imagine. No, it is not. Mmm. The I love bread. You like bread. Oh, Chris loves it more than both of us. Yeah. Well, drop the buns for seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction. And while others find it funny, to those who have it, it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll be on a date or a business meeting. And... Excuse me. Excuse me. See what happened? Frequent burping syndrome. It can ruin your life. But it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help. Trains specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchus. A special place known as burp inders. Gosh. Burp inders save my life. Joanne and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me. But I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper. You know? Burp inders. No shame, no guilt. No more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping in mid-sittance to one cork of big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals and the help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number to call. 5, 5, 2, 1. It's 5, 5, 5. Burp inders. Call today. And stop being so gross. Oh, it'll be gross. Disgusting. That's what Joanne says. Everything is gross. 10, 22. I'll take you gross to those. So, fuck rockers is closed at it now. And for months, that's what happens when you're out of touch. Important things like this, Neil. Life is passing you by. You know? That's the really sad thing. Although now that, you know, everybody in the audience is heading for Chick-fil-A. I just got a message here. Everybody I know is heading for a Chick-fil-A. Aren't you true? Sometimes I feel myself. Now, where's the, oh, there's the fart one we can't play that. Which one? The one that goes, some of our cards are feel. Oh, yeah, that one like that. Yeah. That's my favorite one. A couple of these in it. Oh, we probably could play this. Here we go. I love it. So, now that, we hear you, Don't even know that, but that we'll be right. So, now that, we hear you, Don't even know that we'll be right. Neil, let's go, please. Neil, let's go, please. Neil, let's go, please. Neil, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I love it. I love it. I want to go deeper. I want to go deeper. Now this is not a good one, and that one we can't play with. Alright, yeah. You'll, I'll make you feel real well with my dissolved job it. You'll put your finger way up, and you'll always see it on the scratch where your brain used to be. I thought I said the first time. I don't know. I was just going to talk to you out of it. Yeah, why do you know it's just two reals. What are one of the four of you? I said the show, what's the other? I said, play the best. I don't know. Eight of the words, it was good. The waffle fries, it was a good chicken tail. I don't know, man. I don't know. You know what kind of thing? Like a fan. Right next. Real Yahoo Red Next. That's America for you, baby. See, I did this once before, and it's a very ugly thing. Most of us are sophisticated. So I like the people listening to the legendary Neil Ronder Show. We're a little more sophisticated than that, okay? I mean, if we stick our finger way up on our nose, we're not doing it because we want to scratch our brain. We're doing it because there's something in there we want to y'all. Yank out. When it does yank it out. But I'm telling it. So what's the story? Because I don't want any of my close personal friends going over to Chick-fil-A in Miramar, anywhere else to have lunch, and then find out that they came back, Pukin or guts out or like with wild explosive diarrhea for the rest of the day, and then blame me for it. So it's not fancy. It's just a good chicken sandwich isn't a awful fries. Well, so what's wrong with that? Nothing. Now they got the cheese waffle fries, like they do with the fries. No, I don't know. I didn't really. What do you mean you don't know? Okay, if there was a was it in the mall, was the first one? Just didn't say that asked me anything. I've got the answer. I think that's what George stole me. And that's what I made up. He took a swami head off them. I bet you couldn't ask the tapes any question, Joe Bell. You still have a question, Joe Bell. You still have a question. You. Columbia is the capital South Carolina. 120,000 people says this fact, and says hi, George. See that? Hi, how are you? I'm not even here. Well, it's because I was a waffling back and forth speaking over the wild. You were waffling on it or you were saying. But you had to be confused. You know, it's one of those things where if you say that enough, it's like, Oh, I mean, I mean, it's a lot of was Columbia. Every time I drive to North Carolina, I drive past it. Columbia, Columbus, South Carolina, I knew that. Whatever. There's a lot of things. And I want to ask the South. You know, the Columbus, why can't they call it? There's Columbus, Ohio, right? Am I right? That's what Ohio State is in Columbus, so that's where the, the straight jackets play. The Columbus straight jackets. And that's where Jeffrey reports your close personal friend speaking to something that won't buy your life. Because usually when they name a land after someone they put that IA at the end of it. Like, nearly a that state named F. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the district of Nelia named F. How about F. Yeah. Get out of here already. So, I think it was the Marlon game yesterday. I went to see waffle fries rule. Oh, here it go. I've been with one in daylances. My buddy here. And it's good. Yeah. I'll be drinking at the end. It'll always be careful. We're glad I winks a lot. Wink and blanket and not. Now the one in day. Yeah. So I don't know. Everybody else is pretty good. You're, of course, you are so damn hard to please anyway. You know, what did I say? I said it was pretty good. You said it was pretty good. As you said, if you're getting chicken sandwich and you said something about wild diarrhea or something, oh yeah, yeah. Did I say that Chris? It's as unfancy as a place can be. And how would that? That's so, it's good. I thought it's, uh, such a big honor. Yeah, hockey players. Boy talking about lunch. Wow. Uh, 134 on the pool. God. I just got so much good stuff going on here. It's all good, like bubble with say it's all good. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised. I'm trying to think of what I seem to. I mean, you were a flood workers used to be. or here's your body mochi also everybody's in on this all it says the owner of it is a hardcore event of a maybe that's why they make such a big deal well i had a uh... on the email before i might space a guy uh... one of our regular is he said the me he said he wanted to be because they close on sunday because uh... the owner's religious and he said i'm not gonna go somewhere with a force the employees to the well i mean they give the day off anyway in all managed on a hallala has there never on a sunday and who wants to take a play on sunday anyway right right i should support or supposed order off for pizza on sunday or something like that all for me let's see who they have you and here are some old make maple leaf on here on all the time we missed out to a clancy i wonder if he was king the guy got a kid the king clancy thousand thirty four votes he is an amazing that you live in a place where all this is like the talk in a foreign language you know hockey talk man well this guy's good the next one out of the middle i do what is name is he's very good in fact i believe it on there because somebody's gonna score a goal here pretty soon but never but five six seven five sixty hundred we get in the fast food thing today and you want to know why see the sun sent a lot i got sucked into a number of you sorry i apologize for that especially if anybody has a bad meal because of me that i'm sure they want do i do i ever turn people on the bad food i don't think so nobody nobody is fan aside and most of my adult life friends people underweighty bad food if i tell you places good you're gonna mm my fan when you walk out of there in fact like you're sitting here enjoying i'm on i'm thinking back and i can't say that you've uh... ever done that no steered us wrong i would never give you a bum steer you've cleared us wrong a few times but never about food well i'll see if i can clear what the boss they get clear what we do it oh what a thought i feel unclean or horrible thought just cross my mind i'll be too late you play and hello hey me i do it okay i don't find that spot if you minister on university with that restaurant uh... talk about the system he you can say it yeah it's not a vacant lot uh... and there's going to be a long range going up there oh a long range there's the one and i'm hearing sunrise what we need another freaking wall greens for yeah well they didn't reach twenty two thousand yet so okay thanks how do you like that that's just what we need out there in no west broad is another wall greens and other cvs another row what used to be after cvs uh... there's a you know one thing if you'd like a you need a lot of pills you know or like a lot of body wash well what is that about america you know we started the thing with all the the rest stops and all the exits on the highways on the interstate by the way thank ike i's now for all the interstate how is those ideas could take a night and we started with that near and almost every major intersection there's like a McDonald's and a burger king and a windy's and a taco bill and they appear to hunt and whatever you know about the elisa doesn't uh... fast food joints and now the new deal is every street corner like in a residential area has got to have at least one pharmacy there at least one drugstore must be a lot of people doing a lot of drugs she got a little and they don't come anywhere's then they'll write it hello i'm conservative pundit and culture recently i call democratic presidential candidate turn at words a f*** now apparently the liberal left wing tree having media has suddenly decided f*** is a bad word hello did you hear the applause i got when i said it anyway i've been asked to make a retraction so here goes john Edward is not a f*** what i'm in the state is john Edward is a pillowbiting grump ranger that's still okay right hi this is i zei a Washington from greens anatomy i've learned a hard way that words can hurt well and culture may be beloved by millions shouldn't like it if i called her a bony flat jessent horse face even if it's true huh which it is so remember never call anyone of f*** because f*** are very sensitive thank you yeah oh we done now that you'd hold those c*** yeah yeah timid you know old timid hardaway if you've been a book and but it's more you would have uptuck breakfast i'm telling that right now rationalizing about you know timid and that's because he's shoured with a guy's naked and we were a jacks grab anybody who's an athlete they can do no wrong you know right and even at the big what's his name the chinese basketball player y'all y'all mean how do you know that y'all does commercials i see even then he can do no one oh five six seven five sixty your arm going for lunch to collect no i'm not kitchen no i want i'm going to do isn't going to go to uh kick somebody chicken neck never answered my question i tell you what i'm going to do there was a guy on tv i'm being years ago wasn't her beschroner said that who'd have used to say that i thought you were going to do yeah but whoever he's dead i'm sure he's dead so he can be he ain't going to be doing anything at this point but i'm going to go to a taco bell and get that you know the breeding with no beans oh i hate beans oh oh oh some clean that old bean you never know where it's been and i especially those mushy beans you know like a mexican's like a lot of them mushy refried beans hmm well what does that really mean refried beans when it came right down well let's start let's start thinking about some of this food that we know kb four we start continuing ourselves for somebody else's fun and profit let's start thinking about let's start analyzing a little bit i'll go find a refried beiner that can explain it to us oh it i'm abitching at a full co you find plenty of a refried beiner and maybe it's a border you'll find some too refried and we shot or maybe we try and how about a retried beiner oh i'm going to go and get that burrito supreme with no beans and i'm going to make up my low carb pasta and remember i did that once before oh man so you use that stuff on your luck with the sour cream and the olives and all the other good stuff and send a little chunks of tomatoes you don't like really like cook cook for yourself like get a frying pan out and brown your beef and all that's a great while okay move to do then because they sell you know mixes taco bell mixes where you can mix up your own like taco meat oh wait i want to go through all of that i'm out of the way so you want me to go through all of that the nonsense all of that otherwise they say in the Ethiopian what wrong you to sit there in your fat ass in order out what me order out but they have Chinese delivery over there yeah they do i'm not going to do that i'm not that lazy okay i'll walk at least a block and a half to get to my nearest taco bell maybe two blocks when you're right down to it i'm going to say to you again the only reason that i'm alive here today the only reason is because i'm here five years of walking no car right i walk and this is the truth i walk more in one day being here than i would if i was done in any year what and one day we're working out walk first of all in temptation a few days ago i know sidewalks by me there's no way to walk you can take your life in your hands and walk you know you know where i live what we're even walk like on an on the grass in the weeds we're only a fallen malluka trees many of my still like down from the hurricane a hundred years ago i mean we're going to walk is no way to walk like Martha and the bandettlers would say no order run no we're to hide i do love martin bendellas i love that mode time would you please tell me to watch that again before i watch raising your persona and if that guy calls in the day say how do you like that movie didn't watch it yet okay i'll let you know because you know me if i do watch it one of the first things i'll talk about in the morning when i come on here right is also hey i watch that movie nice that with Francis McDormand and then this quade oh he keeps calling you know he's gonna be over hiking in yeah martin the bandettlers baby little mowtown sound that's a should not a jingle would have been good that's too late must start it again okay i thought the computer here yeah but you got it all right i'll do better when when they get to the point where they're singing on hold town i'll make up to the delay the i think we could use a little work yeah all right we'll work on it one more time all right one more time oh see you're letting the whole jingle end before you're a song i think that you're hearing it differently because of our delay between a subtle one not but i'm hearing it differently what is it all down here man you are crazy pyrus dot owner for 17 years now i just got proof well what how could i be here you know what that's like that's like that thing we discussed about forests right because i think i think you're smelling it differently that i am but it's the same thing in the air there believe me it lingers and i wanted on my fingers oh and the lingers and the same with this it's a sound it's like it doesn't bear or but you hear the jingle let's try or time you hear the thing alive when the jingle starts that's when you hit it okay w muck out there that's a little bit bad not great all right i'm gonna hear a start that's when you hit the thing is there's a delay between us course oh i was as you need to notice it i did oh the load night minus a see we had a couple of tease days here and that's gonna be well it'll taste a winter time again that's all right don't bother me look i said you dress for you put on a nice a nice gown you know you put on your nice stockings that come up to your crotch what do they call those those long johns what you do oh yeah what kind of people dress like that gay and then of course the hell of a north the skutman man the skutters you know i guess i'm trying to find a figure we are if you look long enough you figure certain things out why they actually read it for the sub there and that's because the weather you know what i'm in europe and i'm watching the BBC or even here i can watch it or the sky tv and they show the weather it is not even if it's like sunny and nice in Berlin or Amsterdam or anywhere on the continent in the british aisles i would say 90 at least 90 percent of the time the weather is really to grow test and depressing and it's dank and it's dripping and it's like it's like it's like the clouds over the british hours have post-nasal drip and it's always dripping it's like there's some bad sexually transmitted disease that is infected the world family and everybody else as well by association and so like scaldon of course being way they're up north if you think it's bad luck in London when you get up to the northern part it's always they're always showing all these gales and winds and rugs and mung and ice and crap so that's why they have to do these bizarre things to like you know because the weather effects are mine i guess didn't even go off the skutters they did what does that tell you all any to know that's all we need to know is that the skutters infinite goff and they don't speak regular anguish they speak gay lick or something and there's nothing like that look or several of them okay a thousand fifty five notes in a pool while i'm telling you what what is it lately i'm just wiki and i'm just i think it was a chick filet thing and you notice how i hopped on that story and everybody all my buddies out there are going to chick filet for lunch today and probably like i said going to have wild intestinal grip for something like that what is that intestinal grip gri pp and with these these that's a real fast is personal to it is that like the papers like stomach flu and then i find out the results of this thing is stomach flu that's just a somebody made that crap up the jim a flu yeah you think there is such a thing is a song about it maybe they i don't know i just made that up to strip grip gri pp hit a grip man get a grip already got some i bet thousand fifty five notes you ought to be ecstatic today you don't have all that the the tar the tar baby on or i am you ought to be i really think i pulled in here this morning the Mexicans were not there i was just doing a hands-on pick on the beavers again all of the this here's some more of this stuff they're doing for tomorrow you know what i made of a steak before what and you need to today's Thursday this is isn't tonight why didn't you interrupt me this is not Wednesday shod about what something if i'm because i read the DUI checkpoint that was for last night in waterdale lakes on this Wednesday i keep thinking it's Wednesday anyone on the why because i forgot about woodbind Wednesday i mean i went but it was mostly an event i lost a little bit not all that much i was never ahead at any point i was never behind all that much and it was and for me that's like a major miracle lately you know i was kissing my machine mine but this is a time with this one's for tomorrow i apologize by the way lotted a lake's the closest clear okay i got to get plastered as my suggestion in fact if you're going to be anywhere near lotted a lake's probably good idea to get plastered first bso deputies will conduct the y saturation patrol tomorrow from 830 tomorrow night until approximately 530 Saturday morning in the following areas dear field beach pompano beach in oakland park or just as in areas of it doesn't say like it in here in areas of dear field beach pompino beach in oakland park impaired drivers will be identified in the ui laws will be actively in for the fact that you even had like a martini a little bit of a lot of the paced off celebration to drag your ass away and it was ever going to see we're going to put you on a George Bush's go logs so let's say again a 30 more like till 530 said it morning what are we on a tear now that's nine hours that's a lot of hours baby is rubber creeper would say yeah yeah is that rubber creeper is a great way for the lord of the board that's the one if he's seriously if he says that again I'm just I don't know what I'm going to do I'm just I may just do the show out on the patio in my underwear in the cold in the freezing cold it's broken old it's like a 30 full a 30 tomorrow night till 530 Saturday morning in dear field beach pompano beach open park they're going to be doing dy saturation patrol they're going to be all over your arse baby they're going to go all over you like stink on joys sniff in your breath and sniff in your back though yeah whatever you got they'll sniff it it's what I told Brady Quinn I said wherever you got a thousand 62 doses what we got that's kind of like you don't think ass cars you'll witness a Imagine and I want some you know banner spam and shout Back in the lags and tastes the same We'd better break these The sweaty fish with all seats, thoughts was made of a licking, so just a little bit of a time. Now, I'm on back to keep find the shining ground at my leg line, and that's my coffee jam, and you deserve it, washing it with all the wrong. The hall, baby. Oh, my book is not a jelly jelly, but it's a jelly, but it's not a baby. My book shopping for these four envelopes people, and some, So, so, so, baby. First from all, if you're doing your best to check me, it's a big piece. So, baby. Says it, says it, says it, says it, says it, says it, says it, says it, says it, says it. Probably 35, 60, WQM, home of Chick-fil-A, baby. Now, probably shouldn't say that, because, again, I store with her, KFC, loves us, and remember you send a bunch of food and stuff. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. So, the nice, nobody loves me, loves you. He might even like, like, we're going to say, love. Might even like Chris a little bit. Maybe Chris hasn't been there long enough, or anybody wants to love me, you know? You think? To love somebody. If you love by the audience, Chris or not? No, not yet. A little bit too soon for that. And then on a second date, that's when you come into the kill. Thousands, 71 hosts will go over 100, this half hour. I'm thinking, like, 13 today. Aren't you, or any, I think, like, 1300? Yes, I was about good. That sounds good to me. I think it works. It works for me. Here's the Marlon Pregame show, by the way. I think they've planned it there, what? Not which. Oh, come on. Be a sport man. Well, they say every day, but not every day's on the air. I know we don't carry all the games, though. What kind of a public service is that? If we're, um, real Marlon people, I wear the hell is what I'm looking for. I can't find it. I'm looking for the Marlon's baseball schedule for the Pregame broadcast and regularize. I printed that when I was down there in Florida, and now I can't find the van thing. Or can't find the dang thing as Buddy Bud Pass will say the dang. Those dang Italians, you know? Fony Balloni, baby, that's Buddy Bud Pass and Fony is a $44.5 bill. Can't find the damn thing. And that's sad. Marlon's schedule because it would be nice to know, but for show. It's in my pile somewhere. See, I have this, I do have a bad habit of doing this as far as being disorganized. And it is like, I've got all these different piles of papers like over in front of my, in front of the DCS where the keyboard is, you know? I've got, it's the pool pile. I've got all these piles of poles and then there's some other sort of stuff that I don't want to lose. Like, hey, it's the Wednesday check point even though it's Thursday. I can't believe you let me do that. I mean, I believe that I did it because I'm an idiot, you know? And I'm old. Yeah, I wasn't paying any attention. Yeah. I don't have any email from Norma Kent by the way saying, hey, guess what, Joe Bellon, I just re-up you a deal for another six years, Neil? I don't have anything like that in front of me in my pile of pay-up papers. He's probably having another verbal war with Jolly Joe Bellon. I have no idea why. Because Jolly Joe just loves my pimply faddle ass. I'm telling you that right now. Don't you believe that? Sure, I know. In fact, I think Jolly Joe loves any pimply faddle ass. Nearly six and ten Americans want to see you as triply Iraq either immediately or with an ear, and more would rather have Congress run US policy in the conflict than President Bush than President Dumbo than that butcher of Washington, the butcher of DC District of Columbia, Colombia. I wonder if that was named after your ex-government is life, Colombia? The smuggling bitch? Mm-hmm. No support for Bush's decision in his past. Or maybe it was named after his drug addicted daughter. Or maybe it was named after the son George P, you know, the one that was driving him out in Wheatleason is girlfriend's parking lot because he's a crazy person. Or when I was at the other, how many sentences he got? Are there two that I'm confusing with? I don't know. I don't know. It's a huge piece. He used to be really cute by the way. I hate to say that because it sounds very gay. But he was. And then the other one, I think that was like banging his girlfriend in broad daylight in the parking out of some shopping mall and tell a hatching. Yeah, it's a different one. Oh, that's a different one. Yeah. Well, at least the whole family's dysfunctional. It was nothing like that. The wife is a smuggler in a liar. The husband, yeah. He's a fat ass liar that has devious plans to screw the public over everywhere he can. And then of course the daughter's a crackhead. That's what I just said. Did you say the daughter was crackhead? No, well, well, that's not that. No well, it's the last and a well baby. Don't be picking on the last and a well. Even though it's Easter time, I think it's not to really disturb thinking about Christmas, man. Haha. Though a support for Bush's decision to dispatch additional troops to rack root of 37% from 32 in a mid January poll, a slim majority of 52% say countershared black funding for that new deployment. Only crazy people would say, let's sense it more people over there for human sacrifice. And then we can read more stories about how the hospitals are mistreating them and treating them like garbage and how they're going to. They had one soldier wrong, was it last night or the nightly news, who's been, he has been hit by IEDs five times in Iraq. Five times. I think like that. Five IEDs. After the first one, when you think that would be like enough, you'd think. Yeah. I did that one time. About 15 years old. Yeah. Had a brain. If your buddy's got a mask, how's he doing? You see him again? Not lately. He's running out of water. I just want you people who are going to eat a chick-flan and really makes no difference to me. I'm not one of those people. I'd like the Christian yellow pages and the atheist yellow pages. Who cares? If you've got a bit of a product, I'll eat it all by it. I'll try it. But he's an even evangelical wild man, I guess. Evidently. So, so they say. The CNN poll was conducted in front of the truth. Sunday, Bush, but we put it on. Well, we don't care. It's very boring. 560560 pound-560 and the Verizon singular, wireless, I'm a thousand seventy-seven boats. This poll isn't even more than reading the result. You know? Oh, the only reason. And again, I don't believe it anyway. How many people say, oh, I see. In person, they don't know where Iraq is on a map 24. I know for sure that of the thousand seventy-seven boats. I basically at least twenty percent couldn't find a rack on a map. I'm not sure if you're offering a five-day bus. At least. If you had the globe, you know, when you're killed, you used to have the globe, the world, and you remember how that? Sure. Well, I mean, I have one, you know, but I have two of those. I've had a few globe. But anyway, a big sum. Well, when I was a zombie for you, turned the Iranian on the map. Yeah, you couldn't find it. How about those U of M things? Of course, that's University of Miami. What's that, Teddy? Yeah. Yeah. Couldn't find New York City or all these kids from New York. Oh, we can't find New York City. Could that be long, Gile, and out there, sitting in the aisle? Yeah, it could be. W to Q a n, hello. W to Q a n, hello. Yeah, you really have shown him to be duty for this trick toy. W to Q a n, hello. You know what? It's joy. W to Q a n, hello. God, you. Okay, biser. We ought to have that would be good book of ram, but, you know, into the tune of a bitch girl by a hauling host. Yeah. I can just hear it now. I have no more. That's as far as I go. He's working on it right now. Is he working on a fever, slain? His balls fought too. I guess it's along on some way to 15th. Let me remind me toward the end of the month to send him some more money, so he can keep his mouth shut. I mean, they're just to keep him calm, you know. Right. They still don't even pay them over here, you know. You know, I, there's nothing I can do about it. You, you keep playing that on me every single day. I'm going to let you get on this road. You know, I'm going to ask you this right here on the ear, right in the middle of this ear, you know anybody who's more generous than I am. No. So, why do you refuse? I'm bringing you another piece of shit to do so. But I just, because you keep telling me that it, it's just making you up to date. Why do you want to? I got all these other people out here on my, my junk-buck buddies on the internet who are doing all kinds of stuff to make me feel good. And reach out and give me a little pet on the back of the next time like a smack in a head, which I can use, which is great. And it makes me feel, and put me in a positive, uh, attitude instead of a negative one. Makes me feel loved and, you know, something makes me feel like I'm alive at least, which I need that. And then you come up with this, the pressing crap about all the solutions to those big, oh, what's the one we want me to do about it? Get all bent out of shape. Should I go in and lay down on a couch and have a, have a fit and start crying and balling like a child? I don't know, might help. Oh, can't give it a shot. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to do that on those days when I have to, when you come in a little bit late, and that goes in too much of the morning show. I think it's a fate. I think it's a half-day. And when you told me that toast, remember toast used to work across the street? When I told you, I still, I think he's still on the payroll as Chris the told you. When you put that square table thing in there, my, oh, no, I think I was. And one of the questions I heard this morning is I had the level turned down, almost in the off position. Who was your favorite lesbian couple? Oh, oh, I know the guy's going to call back. You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Neil. Oh, and you know what, you didn't remind me, and I came in to my basketball game between that run to quote and door. Oh, I'll be right on it. WQAM, hello. Hi, guys. Speak to Neil. Speaking, sir. Roger's grew up in Rochester, New York where he amused himself by, and I'm not interested in hearing your balloon again. Okay, you're crap. Fife, this is the Wikipedia, right now. All this garbage. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. You know, crap. I'm ready for the hobby, though. I'll keep you off the streets. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Jim Bush lives in cold gables now. I'll ever look into golf course. Fenn's. Yeah. Fenn's. Yeah. And George F. Lee in Sparta. See? But he said, and he was like, I think he's going to be in the middle of the street. But he said, and he said, he was in Sparta. I guess he lives in Sparta. 560560. I think he's talking about Sparta because maybe if you were Tony Curtis, you got you guys confused. Either he's better because I'll start you a little bit like Tony Curtis. Okay, but Jim, I get poor as a Jim, you really am. I was just kidding, right? 10 83 on a pool. I already resolved again, maybe one more time to make sure because it's just one of those, you know. WQAM, hello. I count. Oh, here's one of my favorite lady. This is the only lady call we get most of the time and she's just a little bit more. I get most of the time and she's a recording. Well, what can you do? We do get the, and in fact, you know, it's even the lady factors have been laying down on the job. We have no offense all about maybe we're not talking about Johnny Depp enough. I'm sorry, I didn't in the church. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Huh? My name is Barry. I'm saying like a Barry. I write bad songs about romance. While I'm wearing stand-and-stand, I'm trying to strip me. My songs are real big. I had a series of big games, but that was back in 76 now, though. I want to hear fake ol' in that atmosphere. They won't end up in all my albums. But my songs are weird. Got a notion. Like a banana. By two fans both live in my turn of being. Got a notion. Like a banana. Of my notes you keep been half on the city of Atlanta. Rectom. I write the song. I've got a hunk of the size of yunders. When I get a slope of nose, I be dressed down in a hole right now on the case. My life is back in place, and so on too, again, and sticking. My songs in your face got a notion. Like a banana. By two fans both live in my turn of. Got a notion. Like a banana. Of my notes you keep been half on the city of Atlanta. You're fair. I write the song. The first thing I was on the year in South Florida, doing weekends, playing in and spending a lot of time with you, following Russell Wase's no less than either of these here. I played that song. I write the song by my parents. If you're that exciting, what a memory baby. How many years ago that was about 400 years ago? Before Jesus was an infant. And I was one of the first songs I ever played. I write the songs by my very man, though. That's not the song. What does that mean? No. Copicabana. Copicabana. Well, that's not what I played. I write this song. It's going to be a bit of whatever. Some other Faggy song. That's what I hear. Well, that's it. That's a very man, though. Hey, Barry. You're fair, right? I was married. Why can't you hear? See? That's not the one. That's not the one. He's a little bit of a good news. Excellent. I have been alive. Oh. Too bad. Yeah, too long. That's exactly where I came to mind. I've been alive too long. We're all the world is singing with you, Barry. You've been alive too long, okay? Just lay down and die. I, I, I, I, I know. That's bad. That's bad. Mandy. And now, you know, I hate to admit this. I actually like this song a little bit. I think I did then they, yeah. They played it in the ground. I'm not going to play it too much. It's pretty good song. Especially for a better news. If we like her, it's cheap. You're going to talk to supper. What? No. I know where it is. I'll see. I think I may have gotten a little piece of his beak. Just enough about my beak. And without Pinucci, just wanted to wait as big. Is there any part of his beak? He just looked at me. If you wouldn't have messed with that life, I'll be right still be with us today. Don Pinucci. I wonder if Pinucci had Pinucci? How do you know? I wonder if he knew Louis Felicia? From Chi-Coo Chi, Louis Felicia? I thought we just had to play in this time. Yeah, the real one. Oh. W. W. You're going to have to do it. Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. Thank you. You mentioned no well bush earlier. And it kind of got me wondering. Do you think that whatever she was trying to score drugs, she ever had to do at that? 560560. And Pomp 560 on the Verizon Sincuert Wireless Line. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Hey, let him rest of the papers around. What about the last time of their concert? What do you mean this is the call? This is it. How do you know this is it? I'm telling you. I'll say something. You'll say something. Come on. You can do it. Something. Come on. Can't do it. Couldn't say something. We could join in here. Good job. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Let's let all the rhyming. Come back for it. W.Q.A.M. Hello. I hope I never get here. In the V.E. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Three quick things, buddy. I happen to have a lot of others. It's definitely closed. Yeah. Okay. And when you saw this call, he's by the way, Northbound would be definitely closed. When you played with his other song, are those the airplane wheels getting on the runway? Yeah. That's right. It is right. Good to see you. I mean, your sharpness is a massive ball palace. Here we go. Let's see the pirate squeal on the runway. Eventually. How long has this command been pulled here with the pirate squeal? We heard it goes right before. It wasn't a begin. There they are. That's bad. I stepped on it. That's really bad. I promoted a DUI thing for last night and then I stepped on the wheels. So, of course, you show me. But you know what the good news is? Chris, 1100 hosts on the pole. Oh, my God. Now, we're not going to make it to a 13. I don't know what you're talking about. You're hyperventilating the agreement. Like I said, I can do it. 12 plus, whatever we can get. No, not no 1, 1, 1, 1. Stop it, it's a balloon. W.Q.A.M. Hello. I saw both begins. A.B. Second. Okay, Mike. Okay, thank you. Say how to rush away. It's the gun now. Okay. Now he's had a little bit of a bit of a ride. That was the fake bone blind night, but we'll tell you. Oh, it was not. All right. That was not the fake blind mic. That guy named Sam who does a great blind mic impersonation. Are you certain that you knew that that was the fake one? Are you sure it was quick and witty? Oh. Then sound too quick or witty to me. Why? Because you said, I forgot now right there on the street. Get out of here. Get away. What? Where do you come up with this crap? He's been calling for years. We used to work with him. He used to brag about it. Sam. We will look out at him at part time engineer. And what's the station? I did. I think he did a little bit of work here to once in a while. You know, we had a guy named Sam who was a production guy. K.A.T. 100 years ago. The other one who liked the guy is good guy. I don't know why he was a good guy, but he just did this. He just was. He just the production ace. K.A.T. I'm going to go back and we're going to get a single line out of retirement. Since it's going to hit up the new K.A.T. We're going to get all the old people back. Can't get you molten back though. I think he's dead. And our Smith, the engineer, I'm sure he's dead. Maybe we can get misshor kinder on there. From the space transit to enter me. You know the star. Gaze. Mm. WQ. What do you want? W.A.M. Hello. I'm going to know you're a star. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. That must have been the god. W.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is a messy house doing Toronto? messy hall? Yeah. What is that? I just bought a million live in messy hall. My name is 71 Toronto. Oh, you're actually probably sure that damn thing though. Uh, good thing. Another quick quick story. My friend just got a fancy job offer in Manhattan. He's living up in the purchase. Right. Good. Go ahead. And I told him whatever you do. Don't do it. The great deal Rogers did. Don't turn down a great job offer in New York. Well, like job offer tonight turned down. I don't know. I thought I heard he tell that story before. Oh, that was W.A.M. Three different times. I was rich. Far. Who was a big fan of mine. Yeah. I mean. You're the mental legend in New York and that would have been cool. Well, I've been super cool. But I might have been talking to some people in IQ larger than the thumbnail. So why the hell would you want to do that? I'm doing okay, man. I have no regrets. I'm doing just fine as wine. You know. My friend is up there in the purchase. I said, don't worry. I'll be there when you want to return. Don't turn down. That's correct. You'll not go nowhere. Good point. Okay. Good luck to you, Val. Good luck to your buddy. There sounds like you could use some. All these people. If you just go on serious. If you just go on, I, you know, the fact that these people are lunatics and it's a technical disaster. And a drill bell and the clearance between the two of them have got an IQ like the Asays Year of thumb. I mean, yeah, that's annoying. It's something to bitch about. But yeah, sometimes in life it's good to have things to bitch about and belly aching get off your chest. You know, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I would be very, very boring. You're grateful. I've told me that very recently. If we didn't have people and things, all of these things to bitch about, and what life would be extremely boring. I don't like boring, you know. Right. I like a little bit of a segment. Not too much excitement. I like a little excitement. You know what I mean? No, what do you mean? A little. You know exactly what I mean. I'm a little, a little. Well, not that little. 11, 7 on the full though. Oh, you, anybody has a opinion. This is something from our way. You don't know, don't know. We'll pay your name and food as soon as we start. I send them the update. Don't even bother to quit. You're gonna do it. Everybody's planning to pass. Hey, you're gonna do it. You're gonna do it. Everybody's planning to pass. Hey, everybody's planning to pass. Hey, everybody. Pass has to say. Hey, everybody. It's the other thing to hear. Come. You're watching all of you. Everyone's on the surface. You know, but what you do. This is the fourth thing. I'm going to find them. The push-fatherland nation has to say That gotta hate those two Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh And citizens they borrow two Believe everything we say And the state's run you Blood water for the poor Will a pure haste say A roe of insane equals to you That has to be say I'm trying to bear We don't need to see our jobs So a bad economy's boom We're vaccinated by jail Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh And the fact of marriage in way Everybody's hurting, so she's Like a few assays Well, this evening I will say about jail Or she's got a great ass Like you said about her in summer She's down on your hands and knees and lick my boots Okay 1232, 560 WM happy a Thursday I can't believe that I did that thing reading the stupid ass thing It said well, go well Well, what? You didn't pay any attention Yeah, but it would've all done that Read the wrong day Chris never did it I'll go a whole radio show doing that some night yet Not yet Oh, hey, hoops Oh, that's right 1232 I've literature on TSM right now, which is owned by ESPN now But there's a Muhammad Ahmadi Aftar Oh, they got motorway in 2007 I was on the network, you said it's on CBS Correct, there it is I should choose a bad light You know, what's live What's wrong in the stands for each game There you go See the delay Of course it's in late Because don't don't you understand these people are picking up You're watching it live on the channel for these people Here on my cable, I'm just picking it up off the set And then they're refeding it And then they're sticking their own spots in there Now who's playing here? Maryland and Davidson John Davidson Barry Barry's solid job He's all 188, it looks like a real barn burner Maybe it looks like a nippon tuck Or nippon sugs, oh 13 to wait, whatever it held is It's a nobody kid Bar off the crew He's a lot of schools that they've published And playing time at David's, he's on his own Who's the wisest in answer he does the somebody in the film games Two are cannot stand him, he sounds like he's got a moth full of elephant dropping Oh my goodness, I say oh my goodness is right Okay, that's enough for me That's all I need I'd rather watch the at least beat Tampa Bay from a couple of months Who go, why do we rather we'll see that Is supposed to this, let's get some hockey talk on person If that's a kid without much energy and that much skill To put on display every night Maybe it's kind of losing interest down the stretch You're knowing that their faith is already sealed But who knows? Who knows? That's right, you tell him a brand of Everybody's named Duff, hey Duff You're fairy 11, the 20 on the dial That's a KDK Pittsburgh is 10, 20 on the dial Excuse me, I say 11, 20 out of no with it is 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 on the horizon See what's the pilot found the A and that was really exciting You know like when I was a kid since 100 years ago Before they invented like iPods and stuff A and radio was really exciting When there was nothing on FM accepted Much of classical slush and garbage like that And everybody had an A and radio They had like a little transistor When I was at Michigan State I had like a little white RCA Transistor radio And you could drop that thing You could smash it because it didn't have any Q It was at that point they started making all these transistorized Now they called solid state right They call it rock solid state And everybody had those and even in East Lansing there Michigan State my door We listen to my WABC and the WLH Chicago and CKL WL these other great stations Yeah, at night time it was big 50,000 And of course in Florida nobody could hear most of that Which is one of the reasons Florida turned into what it is now And outdoor septic tank WQOM hello Don't ever use taco cold napkin to white ears I'll give that a try today How do you like that? I don't know if that's such a good idea getting that Why not? It sounds really good to me I was great the first time I've done it But I'd have to get off my fan arson Go all the way over there It's at least a block in the half Ooh WQOM hello Yeah Yeah I bought this on that twerk Yeah there's a process all right WQOM hello It's called putting your neck in the gear team QOM No Long time, long time brother I'm right I just want to say a greeting to you I'm being late at congratulations on your 30 And I ran into Rick Levin's file a couple of weeks back Wow We're going to the police to work at Chalice I'm right next to the right And he asked if you were still on the dial And he thought that for sure you would have been required That's only still going strong But I was still on the dial Where is he? He's up in New York with Teddy Teddy Teddy Teddy, Teddy, Teddy, Teddy, Teddy, Teddy Dalyl Teddy, Daniel Teddy, Daniels You remember? Yeah, that's right I do remember that bitch I mean, you never remember a penny Penis from Heaven Penis from Parker to Roy Okay well, say hi to Rick again Thanks a lot He's OK as you could go I love this show Let's see about all those fakeers man There let's see See if you go to Taco Bell Make sure you check your bag to make sure you got what you ordered Oh, when you stop stop This isn't stop for this is Toronto baby This is a real city got all these real people working, you know people from India and Pakistan and Hong Kong. It says otherwise you might find a, it says Taco Bell is notorious here in South Florida giving the wrong order. Otherwise you might find a nasty surprise in your bag when you get home. Maybe something with a bunch of mushy beans in it. Now you see what I do is I, I know this is requires tremendous, what's the word I'm looking for? There's a word that tension on your part, a tentiveness. That's what I'm looking for. Okay. Is you actually standing when you watch what they're making? Right. You keep your eye on it, you know. And you make sure they're not to be that mushy bean thing. They're all that, that big vet of mushy beans. Oh man, how can you people eat that swirl? And what is it they like about is that, I mean, I don't know, delicious, but no taste but bad to exactly, which is like when it's there in the, in the dip, you know, it's like take it or leave it. I mean, I'd say it was good mushy and it's like, you know, chalked it, putting. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Or like nicely, nicely tempered part of hog and ours or Ben and Jerry's ice green. But that's mushy and it's good. Like Rocky road would be good. Now, maybe instead of going over to Taco Bell, maybe I'll just, the mozi on down to the Eden Center and go over there to a, a, a, a, a bastery province, go eaten at Eaton Center and have like three, three, a, a, a, a, a hot flood Sunday with like, well, better not they're not doing that. So you're starting with the food stuff today, would that Chick-fil-A story? Let's find them. Let's find them some some, some Sentinel. And if anybody out there eats so today, Chick-fil-A and gets a wild nasty, intentional grip or whatever if they're gripping it. Well, don't blame me. W Q, Q AM, hello. W Q AM, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil on a great lot of day to you. Yeah. Hey, you're coming up. Good boy. How about we all one would be good. I'm going to go to a question. You could go. Yeah. Let's, let's write real voice. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. W Q AM, hello. Hello. Yes. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is. Okay. Love your show. How's everything? Everything is great. Well, he has everything by you. How's things, man? Everything's good. How's every little thing? I'm looking for a, and Neil's noise is the, uh, bit tied, Tommy or Tytony. Oh, I even, I get to do a request now, Tytony. Hello. I'm Tommy from Tytony saying for the best high food and the best service. Long as you know, Black, comment down to Tytony or Southeast. We know like Black people. They don't keep well besides Black people want to eat Tytony anyway. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget we have a spare ribs. You're changing, I told. How's that? We'll sell menu. They tell what's all. So if you know, Black, comment down to Tytony. Come to think of it. Those damn gay people. We know like them either. Should they keep food, but they talk too loud with funny lists. They stop other customers. No comeback. So no gay, no Black. And why we added Latin people. You Black reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and excuse table. We give you some of our else already. Latin people always lay. No Black, no gay, no Latin and Tytony. And George people, you stop picking all of them. Who can't have what? Take where to go. That's our side. Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill. We ain't all want you here. No Jew, no Black, no bad, no Cuban. And why people? You think you better than everybody else complain too much if we don't teach your ass. You'll know come back. No white, no Black, no Jew, no Latin or so gay. Everybody else for the best type food. Come on down to Tytony on the beach. Hurry before we have to load the biggest name. So best talent to the business. We'll rock for 40 or 560. Who are present in July? It's not me fun. I ain't gonna give it that dry. Oh, my, who you make the voters run? I ain't the one. We'll rock for the black guys. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. I said, that's time with a little hockey talk. What do you say? Oh, with old Bob Cooler just turned 400 years old. 1131 votes on the full by the way, pretty impressive. You asked me. You are there aren't you? Right here. Come on, because I had a little hockey talk. We had about four seconds of it. Oh, hockey talk. I got to do a hoops. Go off the down before. Well, that's not here that college whoops, grab what's the school? I don't want to know no, no, no, I can watch it in HD. I'm show. Let's see. I'm not on this side. I can't. Like I said, I come out. I got like me with all the bucks that I'm making. How come a guy like me don't have a really nice HD set right in here inside that to achieve in the other room? Because number one, I won't fit on there. Number two, what do I need that for? Although I can be watching the basketball game in HD. You think the community? You know, it's funny. That really basically mostly the four. Maybe all you know, I want to have try. I'm talking about. Yeah, you're talking about that. Oh, he is just horrible. The one on the left. One point, see, there you go, great minds work alike. Here is something like that. Very long quiz. Fat minds work alike. Let me get that off of the real fast. Go to any other channel. Anything else? Anything but college hoops? Oh, you better you better get with the new. That's what all real men are worried about right now as college hoops and all the bets they have on the games. Right. If they didn't have the ability to bet on these games, they couldn't give a crap less about, you know, loyal, right. And chat, nouga and, you know, upswitch and all these other upsillani. I can't wait for the big game between upswitch and upsillani. 567, 0560. And Tom 560 and the Verizon Sngator Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello. This is an excellent deal. Yes, sir. I know the day, sir. Great. How are you doing, sir? I'm fan damn sad. Listen, I got a great idea for you to piss even more of those religious groups off that calling you your show and bitch and write you letters. You should read the letters and piss them off even more. Some second time to hear them complain and pitch about you. You're the bad to find. What did he do when he's talking about? No, it's too ugly. Like that. Let's hear it again. Okay, just in case you're listening to Thursday. I'll write. Thanks for kissing, pal. Kissy kissy. I'll never on the first date. 1137 votes on the appool will make 1200, I think. That's the goal. And Chris and there are 1314. Come on, let's do 1600 fast so you can do it. You better like, you know, have an idea today is the eyes of March. You think that the eyes of March these people got time to be potsking around floating in our stupid asshole? And this is not a good poll. I'll give you the result right now. Now this poll is terrible. I think it's one of Charlie's okay. And Charlie sends so many good polls. He's not going to feel bad about that. Is he? And he's going to be does not really Charlie. We don't care. He knows he's a valuable resource. He is. He's a great resource to the showman. He got a sin in 6,000 polls already. And a couple of movie actually pretty good. Embarrassingly, I don't know. And that's got a list of stuff. But I know the answers to all the 70% of our stupid audience, 797, 797 out of 1137. I hate this poll 10.48%. I'm 123. They don't like it. I can understand I can relate. The words to the star spangled banner AB3. They don't know them. And who cares? You don't need what we don't have the Josef and Luciano sing the star spangled banner. That's the RCA. Oh, no, I don't. I don't even have it. Please, not your dad. I love Holies. Holies, whatever his name is. Holies, Nevi, De Aliciano. Yeah. The answer is to several of what he just realized. It's not like I'm losing it. It's just, you know, when you talk about four hours of a day, you're going to like it. You're a tongue where your tooth is supposed to be. We're my bike. I'm going to let you know. Maybe I'll go back to the dentist again. The answer is to several of these. I don't know 65. That's tragic. Where Iraq is on a map. That's up to 27. Most of these people are liars. Liers. If we put a gun near your head and we said, okay, we're going to pull the trigger. Unless you tell us where Iraq is, you just say, go ahead. The answer is to many of these 12. I don't know. And that's that's crazy. Pledge of Allegiance, eight. I pledge allegiance to the Fag. Now, how goes? One nation. Indervisable. Yeah. You stand liberty and justice and for justice. Everyone knows where we go for justice. Don't call you. That's right. And that should be the pledge of Allegiance, shouldn't. Let's get the senator to work on it. You know the senator from Manavada? Who are nations capital's name for seven? What size fought in the Civil War for? Oh, east and west, I'm sure. What are your American declarates and dependence for? Who was president before W for that? That's just got to be a joke vote. Okay. That's just silly as crap. How many stars there are in the flag to? Although it could be who was president before W? It could be your people, you know? Because the was a woman was a, it was some communist. The communist, the communist, the communist. How many stars in the flag to and how many states there are in union too. And there may be some relationship between the two. I could be wrong, wrong about that. Out of now, 1144 votes. So let's start to come in and chunks now. Doug Thompson's got a column. I should have read yesterday, but we had a short show yesterday. But you can blame the marlins that you had to wait a day for this because everybody loved Doug Thompson. And as a student commentaries from capitalhillboo.com, don't we? Yes, we do. Yes, is the we do. He says the Bush administration trying to investigate itself from yet another scandal tries to dismiss the firing of AWS attorneys who failed the White House loyalty test and the legal move because the attorney served at the pleasure of the president. Okay, fair enough. But let's remember that under our system of government, George W. Bush serves as president at the pleasure of the American people. And we've got a news flash for you, Mr. Bush. We the American people no longer believe you should be serving at our pleasure. So if it's so key for you to sack AWS attorneys because they're no longer serving in your pleasure, then he'd call him American people to think it's high time you pack your bags and they came to your temporary resident 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. You've overstate your welcome Mr. Bush. American voters delivered a strong message last November. We're sick and tired of your lies, your corruption and your legal and moral war that sends so many Americans to their death. It's no longer our pleasure to have you serving as our president health for some of us. It was never our pleasure to have you lying corrupt as a Washington and took these supreme court to put you there after you lost the pocket of donation wide. That alone should have sent a message. Most of the Americans of Odenation wide didn't want you to be our president. That means you started out serving without our pleasure. I'm not surprised to sack eight U.S. attorneys. Lighthouse document show you one of the fire of them all, but that would raise all kinds of red flags. You got rid of those with the gold, a price of good crooked Republicans for their crimes and hope that it wouldn't become a public issue. But it did. Just as so many other examples of your question of elections and emergency review, the horrible levels of criminal activity. I'm also not surprised that a British general attorney general of the O5 Gonzalez is in the middle of this latest scandal. Gonzalez will be just another ambulance chasing shester in Texas. If he hadn't proven his loyalty by twisting law to fit your despotic ideas on leadership, like John Aschrop before him, Gonzalez is a knee-jerk conservative lightweight who puts power above the law and politics about the constitution. Your actions have been last six years showcased your other content for the constitution and the world of the people. You've forgotten that we the people are your boss and your employee who serves in your position in our pleasure. So let's follow the example you said with the dismissal of the way you were attorneys. Mr. President, your fire did it. That's what Doug Thompson says. Your fire did it. Is what he says. I'd like that. We're going to send you rest to Abugar. Yeah, maybe the rest of you too. Really, it just amazing to me. All the crap that's going on and this still talk in American Idol. And this still stories about and the coal and who is the father of the baby and who's the father of America? And I was saying, I think Tom Brady done it. Looks to me like he's a man on a mission. Or maybe the missionary position. But I don't understand. It's calling me too weak later and still being mad. Like it sports is nothing more than a release mechanism. It's a chance for a few hours either in the course of the radio program or at the time you spend the stadium or the arena to forget about all the other programs. Yeah, I figured about it. That's where Ababacone on the fan 590 in Toronto. He's pretty good. He doesn't take it all seriously. See that's what I like his guys. If they're involved in this sports business, that's how they make their living more power to him. But they don't take it all as serious. Like they realize that it's just like he just got through saying a diversion and perversion for whatever. You know, go to a game for a couple of hours. And like he said, let's not be talking about it a week later and still be pissed off about it. And what do you think about the anti-injemy? What do you think about the coach? And what about that next savings? And we've towering in front of the Roman lynch's ass. And about, you know, yeah, the coach, the coach, the coach, the coach. How's Ababacone doing? He's the coach. Only behind his back though. 1151 votes on the poll today. And it is a nasty poll. And we're still going to do 1200. How do you like that? Chris, Chris, I've just laughed at up his sleeve. Um, now what was the, what was the menu do you sure today? How is group of fingers? What are the, what were the group of fingers? What? What is that like bread and groupers? That what that is? Right. Like fish sticks. Oh, man. Like Mrs. Paul's? No, fresh grouper lightly breaded and fried to perfection in how he's deep fat fried. Oh, are you just wait till Chris is a girlfriend comes in over the child? I can't wait. I bet you can't. Yeah, but how about the lunch? We have something for her too. And Ababacone doing the whole surprise. Here's the bullet and she don't want it. You made it. But she don't want it. Scott for now. And when I'm up in bulk at Ticket slapping all women with tape and lips around the pool. I listen to the neural Rogers. Welcome. Yeah, I mean, I listen to an neural rod just over at balance. One, two hours. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bed. Spam on to time. No chance I'll throw a show with you. And I grab a dive with a grab each and get there. Why all help you? You've got a lot of big buggy jewels for Brooklyn Heights. I've been with you by a very party but you're not high-time. Me and all, then that would blow. The way that it we had a fight that used to be. Wood one here at Canada and push it back. That's roughly the entire... And... So I'm going for a show with a show with a show with me. For me, is much better since the 10th not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there. And so with you and me, for me, is much better since the 10th not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there. We're going for a show with you and me, for me. What can we be like? No! Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. I don't see, I've never let that go all the way out before, like that, you know? But it all hang out, baby. I don't know. One at five, six, you know, a lot of chicken nuggets, but they're like a little something special, right to very instant. You know, like that thing about this, too many, or later, you know? That's right. And all the bombs are bursting in everything is falling out. Is this way full of brandy, you never? Yeah, that's it. I'm going to have a little drop of crap, a little tinkle. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon cigarette arrived was lying. Chris, ring, nobody missed enough, is there all watching college hoops? I'm sure they got nothing to do with it. I mean, just 7, 2, 1, record this. Oh, yeah, it is Carl Rovon, there in Troy, Alabama, that's a good place for him. So I was shaw it north, and then in 29, 37, 38, David Shetty back in for the church. And I can recall the two. One thing about the problem, guys, the question is, you really need guys, you just say, I'm just going to be in bed. 7, I said, man, it's a little cold. Because I got in foot before, 7 foot tall guys are freaks, they're freaks of nature. Like y'all mean, y'all see him and you go, y'all, you're like that. I'm not right by toe, that's what I say. But once in a while, and you know, come as basketball used to be okay, it used to be like some human. And of course, what you talking about with the guys look like, that sounds very gay. I'll share with the else, what I watched is crap for. I have no, I don't bet on sports, I'm going to bet on ball games. What kind of an idiot? Well, I got the car, I got the, yeah, right. I got your car, all right. Like John McCain's got his picks. Okay, pick this John, pick your nose, pick your right dome, get out of here. You're not following anybody. No, mole. W to Q, I am. Hello. Oh, yeah. Yes. Hey, hey, do I have to say, I wonder if you've heard about it or the sea. I'm going to let me go throw a bit about three here. About one. Oh, I have. I have. I have an arm, I have everyone just an arm, just a lot of times. Okay, well, I'm not going to arms about your phone. Okay, get it. You know, when I work some colors back some day, sometimes after getting a phone that works. Okay, everybody's up in arms about Chick-fil-A. I think it's what he's saying. Well, you know, something, you're going to break to show what an idiot I was. I'm thinking maybe with all the publicity I gave him because it's on set in a lot of cool today. Maybe they would bring you guys in food. Then I'm thinking, well, the guy's the guy that owns the chain is an evangelical fanatic. Is you're going to like this show. Right. He's a fabulous, he's a secular humanist kind of radio show where we tell you that it's all a bunch of crap. It's all about to balloon you. Okay, ballooning without the taste and who likes to ballooning anyway when he firm right down to it. I could live without it. I never had blow. There's Hank is on CNN. But anyway, something that maybe our friends at KFC next to us and say do like us, and since it's not owned by a religious nutpress, this is the curl wasn't some kind of evangelical lunatic running around. He was just spreading a good chicken word. I saw he was doing it. I understand the national people that hook us up with the food when that happens. What do we provide that? It's not the local manager. Like the guy's also treating me or may not know who the hell we are. KFC. Right. So what do I care about that? See why do you make everything into a big stimulus? I don't really care what's the national people, the local people, the state of the regional people. Better ways, we can't care about that. I'm just saying somebody there likes us. Okay. Somebody there likes us. Please, you know, like that. WQAM Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes. Can we talk about still got C. WQAM Hello. Hello, Bill. Terri, Terri, come home. WQAM Hello. Hello, man. Yeah. Listen, you know, first of all, you people out of know you are the king of just, have a lot of subjects to talk about. Yeah. Wait, but the reason I'm talking is because. What is the reason you're talking, sir? I am not an expert on Islam. By the way, it is Caramel. But that's true. It is not. It's Caramel. Okay, only going to say hello. Look it up. Okay. I'll go ahead. It's not like called. I'm not an expert on Islam. I have read National Geographic once you twice. I'm sure you have. And you said, just one, it got a probably a month ago now. And you were having this fight of ideas about Muhammad. And you said, people don't care if Muhammad likes with his right hand. There is left. That's what the whole thing with his. She isn't as soon as he's all about. That's what all the big are. It is about. With one has the Tony. That's boring. Sir, I don't want to hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, anything. I have to do with all of religious crap. I'm not really interested anymore. But on the year, 31 years in this town. I, you know, I had all the gettskis on there. The rabbi is in the priest and the ministers. And the chysters and the slack. Mysters and the arbitristers. And I'm not interested. It's boring. If you want to waste your time with theory, you can't get the money. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. What is it? Dingleberries. They make a great jam. I think a very jam. I never met an Elton John song. I see him. I see him. He can dance to it. He's a huge AM hello. I just stepped. It's whoever you're calling. That's what it is. Get up, Fawn. Get up, Fawn. I mean, what are these people doing? I'm calling these out of the aquarium. Somewhere out of the ocean floor. What are these people doing over here? This guy must be a bunk-bud buddy without another guy called couple of calls ago. The people are all up in arms. Yeah, about your crappy phone and they're calling a radio show. If you have a phone, it isn't any good. Don't waste your time calling radio shows, okay? Basically, there are three kinds of people that call radio shows. Number one, people have nothing to say. Number two, people who might have something to say, but have crappy phones. And then the four people who actually have something to say. And some people here from them. WDQ, QAM, hello. Yeah, if the last year's the loan was a football player. Yeah, a lot of positions you think he would play. Yeah. Sure, as I wouldn't be tied in, I'll tell you that. That was the socket rocket table yesterday. QM and our morning show with their one-seven share. See, anybody can have like a really horrendous month. Like everybody didn't jay any rhyme in the station because we're fading fast. But I mean, you know, over the one-seven is over three months. You know, that's a one, a two and a two. They can't even, they can't even do the lower as well. They can't even get up to the street. You know, I want a two or three. And across the street, they can't get up to a three and any day party. They're okay. What does that tell you about sports talk? Okay, about narrow casting. And that's that I know anything about radio business. I've only been in it for four hundred and fifty years. On AM, at FM, NPM and mornings and nights and mid days. And you name it and the naked and clothes and everything else. But what do I know about it? No matter what I tell them, they do the opposite. That's the deal. You know, we had that big lunch, Bruce Beesley and Jolly Joe Bell and Norma Kent and me. We had that big lunch and the soup was great. So you said, yeah, never shabby. I've got plenty to say. W2AM, hello. I've got a lot of material with George. Those two are, there was two in the bunk. QAM, hello. Vial. Yes, sir. For time to time, you play some pretty exciting, hockey sportsman, sir. Yeah, sure. I say the greatest on the app, I think, is the basketball one. Yeah, okay. There you go. Just go in the corner in the screaming to yourself. Wow, he did it. The screaming to yourself, okay. Not interested. We're not doing any quest, sir. We're not doing any sports. So if you're in the sports, you want to see some basketball turn on that horse ball. Hey, crap. There you go. That's hard. You're getting. And he got candy. Anyway, they railroaded him. Dave Halberstam. Good guy. I think it was an anti-Semitic thing. You can't just be undergrown to the other way. So we got to go talk to Pat Riley and ask about that. I know this Pat Riley is getting political. Yeah, the other day. I didn't even mention it on the air because it's so stupid. They're asking him about the war. You know, but when you have to start asking guys who's in terror lives are involved in some stupid ass sport. And you want to get some political analization from that. That goes to tell me how desperate it is. It's become. That's America for. You know, is that magic that Alberto Vio Favganzollos again? Dave, it's top law enforcement. Oh, my God. 1177 on the pool. We got 1200. 1200 will be fine. I mean, when you've been doing this long enough like I have, you finally get a, you get to hang of it. I mean, you get hung. I wish QAM hello. You think the tap is to trade by now and for Alexander Ovechkin. No, now you're talking. Yeah. Okay. Steven women are comedians sitting. That's great. That's great. WDQAM hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, no, how are you doing now? I've just come back in the town. I've just used down when I was living down here. I just want to give it a shoutout and give you all my support for the Leafs this year. And I'm from Emmett and my team is not going to make it. Yeah, we're not going to make it either. I don't think, but we're given a shout. You know? Yeah, no. Go go strong and leave nation and beat the Hercules. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very good battle for the 4-4. I'm not going to call right on man. I can barely think of a worse match after that. I wouldn't want to say to repeat me by the second. I would probably go out and go to Chick-fil-A first. I'm trying to think I'm under his Chick-fil-A to we have it here. I would think so. We got all the other major changes there. Major change, would you say? Well, considering that they were only in the food courts of malls up in so reason. Yeah, no, no, I'm not. I would say no not. No not. Not that major. How about minor? Okay. How about major minor? I see. How about you QAM, hello? I'm coming. Tell me QAM, hello, folks. Yeah, he is out of control. QAM, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. The Neil? Let me say it again. Yes, sir. You said Neil and I said yes, sir. Would that indicate to you? It's probably me. Yes. I said good. I feel alert. Just me? I was listening last week and you were talking about. I was getting called. I was not there. I was not there. All right. Woo! Not only are they, like I said, not only are the colors, the usual caliber and like old points, but they also have the phones today are really good. I'm going to go to Taco Bell right now. Here's George. All right. Let's talk cops whoops. Oh, they're in a commercial. Talks from Collin Toops. We're just talking about a few of those pirates who are among every. There was time, hey, get to meet with Jack Wolves. How you get to hell out of here? Yeah, it was interesting. They said they were dinner time. And they went through that whole rant about the Johnny Fontaine never gets that part. And they're like having dinner. You know what I'm seeing? They know who he is now? Johnny Fontaine will never get that movie. I don't get how many day go, getting you walk, brief, ball, going by, come out on a woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my crowd met friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You all know what it was. Come to lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you. Pop little boy. No. Goodbye, scooter, living, living, living, living, living, living, living, living, living. You out and secret, egg and something, you've been got on the kill. Like you can be your treasureless moon. Can't pick your boyfriends in the twos. Looks like it's time for tripping. I'd like to ask working under him dig from your vantage point. Does Johnny have a mole on his hand? Raccoon. Here we go again. I never feel fond and always wind up in the head. We'll never know how many agents died cause of your defeat. Oh! With love to know that can grow, we'll enjoy. We'll do, we'll see you as hell, we'll change the youth as can live. Oh, we'll be fine. We'll be fine. Oh, good old, serious, a spurious spirit of Agnes. Baby, 118 and 560WQA. We got Mad Dog come up with two o'clock. Then we got to power our tank of the Mad Dog. All that stuff from rival's fourth skill. And more of that, would we know where that is? And then the Humper would survive. Then we got to Panther game tonight. Panthers at 7 o'clock and then the Panthers in Buffalo at the Mcereon 730. Sounds like a loss to me. Any came from Vegas after the hockey game. Look at that soul. All of a sudden went blank. They're all watching the hoop. Are you serious? Are you serious? Sounds like one of those European soccer games. See how we can go to a soccer game if you played me by the second. And one of the things that amazes me is, is boring as soccer is all during the match. Yeah. People are like, there's this constant roar going on to the ground. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. And you wonder, what is it that they're saying? What are they doing? What is all this noise about? There's absolutely no. Oh, I guess we're the best, say it loud. What is right now? Christiana Ronaldo. Say do I have an eye for him or what? Who? Christiana Ronaldo. It's my boy. Christiana from a portagacy baby. 5605, see probably no, if the portagacy is the, you don't like the Mexicans. You don't like the, you know, like the, you know, like the, you know, like, you know, people from, like, people from, like, many kind of Republicans. I had no problem with any of those people. None of them are just, I'm not saying, Honduran. When you get to the gypsies, then they'll have a car. Are you saying the Mexicans are gypsies, though, if you go. No, I didn't say that at all. What did you say? B.S. is there a fine hard working beaners? Oh. So the good thing today is the Martian Nail. Sinko they Maya, see. You asked why people call it a top radio show says this facts Paul. Benzac want to w E E I and Boston. Howard, not Howard David Howard Miller used to be a W E E I. Boston. He was boring. I used to say that people called in to hear them themselves on the radio. Well, there's no question about this and I'm as fact to because very often what you'll do. If you leave the call on for a little bit, you can hear them turn up the radio and with the delay You know, they're turning up lots of they can hear the sound of their own voice on the air That's what they do, man. They're squeezing their knee catch and anything else they can get their hands on I'm while they hear their own voice on the radio, which is what they're trying to say is I have no right I'm on the radio, I want it like big deal, okay? I'm on the radio every day. It's other than the paycheck. It's so big deal to me WQA and hello There, unfortunate, good flying too. QA and hello I'm Camille. Yes, sir. I'll come to circumcise that man going back to Amsterdam tomorrow. Oh boy I'm freezing over there. Kevin Koot take your seat. It's not freezing over there I saw the weather last night was like 13 degrees, man. I'll look in the light I think we're just going to be 13. We just 50 that's 56 Fahrenheit Listen, you know soccer is the best sport. It's the most free the Lord is man. It's not always garbage soccer Oh man, it blows man. What's my ass? That's a sport. No, I can get good. I can't get great. No, it's great Go get lost. See how the damn rack Or maybe just see how the rack would be good. Maybe it was a torture museum there. I'm stood out. They got the sex museum and the torture museum Right next week right there. I know they don't have the food museum I think they do that one place called good luck and believe me you needed to survive That's what I think it's called good luck and I Finally it took a magic marker and I put it like on the pineapple on a piece of slice of pizza that didn't window on the pineapple slices And every time I go back to Amsterdam, I look at a window and it's still there I don't understand how come that stuff doesn't get molded Like they put like macaroon. No, it's not made of plastic. It's for real because once in a while You'll see some poor kid some is Schmendric tourists come along and go into one of those doing And I'll say well, I have a slice of a pineapple and they'll go into that pan and they'll take one of those I'm and they put it in the oven and they heat it up baby Maybe they heated so hot that it kills all the mung on there. I don't know. I'm not exaggerating. I'm serious And I guess most of the people there are so fried most of the time that they they don't even know Yeah, you know you can even feed them any kind of garbage Maybe those are dog droppings on all the streets. I don't know 560560 and pound 560. I can only imagine what the dog's eat there. God Got to be better than what the humans are reading. How many Q a m? Hello? Hey Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I was the way to nerradiol for a little bit But you were talking about restaurants before I'm a your restaurant guy that calls once and a while works for fast food magazine We lost a lot of restaurants here on federal highway bud Rutgers Houston Denny's a lot of that tell me what happened to Houston's I love Houston's mine a lot of these buildings Sublime they got the image to the hurricane the guy from Houston's just got tired And they wouldn't have played the building his landlord so he just packed up and left and That happened to Denny's that happened to flood Rutgers They got a lot of damage in the hurricane and they're just gone the only thing good over here on this side now is own a fresco over there Mexican place on federal But the problem with floodworkers a lot of these players like that they're getting killed by these 99 set menus And McDonald Burger King Wendy and they can't compete with them You know who that line I mean what do you want do you want cheaper you want good? That's my question I want something delicious something really succulent or do you want just cheap? You know what are we gonna rush your slippers there look at all the money in that time man? I know and the thing about chick play it's a very well respected company because they treat their employees really good their turnovers like 56 percent it's usually two to 300 percent of fast food and he is a religious guy That's close on Sundays, but he treats his employees very well and that people that worked there like it so and that's sense He's pretty good so I think I wonderful to know it's enough to turn my ass around on it There you go I'll tell you see when I go so cheap for a year all the way maybe like I said maybe they'll send some food over for you guys tomorrow Maybe and maybe not and maybe they will and maybe somebody else will grab it since you're getting the screw on the Jerry that is you know, I mean both camper he's he's eight feet tall. He weighs about 400 pounds What's that was he need all that to char hot for anyway? That big body requires a lot of maintenance. This is what it is how about sharing Kim Bahang how about sharing Share on Kim Bahang who's that Kim Bah what's he gonna rock? Boy Those are the names man Me Kim Bah talk about evercrumbian zombie Hey Kim Bah do fairy and then and that was before Dikes really became popular too. I'm not saying that she was but I mean she sure She's here sounded the party, you know Just what you want if you're gonna have some chicken on-plane music on FM have somebody Sorry and since then somebody who sounds salt free and sexy and like you know attract a male audience because they sound like that Have somebody it sounds like an Amazon, you know, we can't ba Sounds like she was auditioning for gun good dinner something like that according to toast She kind of looked like that too Really I see they're right now Sitting on Chris's lap. No, but I was talked about either yesterday that day before when I was Yeah, the log in the morning. Let me tell you something about toast okay if there was anybody Appling named in this business. He's it because if he's the one responsible for that square around the oblong table crap He ought to be pill read right there whatever it all that means he ought to be pill read That are taking out there and hang his ass from the flight pole right over there a KFC across the street then you can get your freaking chicken See I still think you see this is what tells me about your belly. How are the way all these people that used to work across the street? It's okay, and that was gonna be the big end They were gonna get all the inside dope and all the inside secret. Yeah, and then now You know we got the numbers they used to have most of the day and they got the numbers we had when you put them together You still don't have a good number And believe me. I know a good number when I see one trust me when I say yeah 25 past one a Q a m Yeah, there's no point even be morning that fact because like you say as long as we keep talking sports Why should anybody clear about that? Like the other day when we the yesterday when we had never went to Marlon exhibition this game on and they have to know But if that didn't put you out like like like a light then the U.M. A baseball game with Rutgers last night ought to do it If we can't finish you off and he afternoon will at least put you in a coma by no later than eight or nine believe me Which in South Florida to be a pubic service shouldn't it should be? I was gonna ask maybe I'll save it for tomorrow because there's this big thing you know I told you I got a good friend It's going to Chicago for the first time ever on vacation And I'm reading all this is like a big argument about whether you want to get ripped off at the serious tower or the John Hancock building Which is the bigger rip off, you know? Yeah, like when they come here they want to go to see and tower take the elevator all the way to the top and get the panoramic view and all that stuff You know And what I'm reading online is that they're both gigantic rip-offs that they charge you an arm and a leg and then they you're cost you with the elevator And if it's like a couple of you know, they want to take your picture and then when you come back down the elevator They want to sell it back to you for like 30 bucks I turned in man That's like that, you know Well look at that this pop of John's now. I don't know what you've heard this is spot What do you what's your take to watch the sauce too much sauce that put too much sauce over there It's always wet and grippy otherwise it would be great Well, I wouldn't it would's a two-way and two-drip you man We should give it arrived 10,159 I'm Maryland 44 Day Vaisal 43's scarm the second hand you've got to go baby And right nowSU right My I'm full and you're fine. For the season. That's my hope to have a happy place. There's well-off in my eyes. Although with their free season. I've lost some of the news. There's a way to see in my trailer. And then I find you no longer here. You've gotten a day by night, so tell you. And throw the hearts above the scorch. We're almost all the faces of the stars. Now you've got a job. With your clothes I've walked in by now. I've been half over the stars. You've got a smile. You've got a smile. You've got a smile. You've got a smile. One thirty-two and five sixty-two. I'm all looking at it. It's good. Maybe it's good from a three point of it. It looks like to me. I'm right. Of course I'm not paying any attention. This is all clips from the first half. Anyway, I'm sure. Isn't it? Sure it is. What? Exactly. It's just two or three. I'm going to put the corpse. The corpse? Yes. You can now use the futures market to bet on hurricanes. Not the hurricanes, but just on hurricanes in general. Speaking of what that guy said before, that was kind of interesting. See, this is what happens when you live in a place where there's hurricanes all over the place. And everything keeps getting blown up pieces. And people just finally say to hell with us already. You know, to hell with us already. That's what they say. And they shut the doors. Because Houston is there on federal highway. And it's like legendary. In two love Houston's, I was just to read about the great soups they had and they Honey Mustard dressing on a shallows and sight. I liked it. But one time I went there. So it's great. Gone. Starting yesterday, and I'm sorry. No, no, starting Monday. What's all day is it? Starting Monday, the Chicago Market Valley stage began offering contracts covering the Rival of the first three hurricanes in Florida. And for the coastal region during the 2007 hurricane season, these contracts which are the cities of the CMEs existing, whether contract market, provide insurance firms, oil companies, utilities and others, and opportunity to cover risks not predicted by traditional insurance policies. A contract essentially works like this. After storm begins forming off the coast of Africa, for example, a buyer can obtain a contract covering the first storm to make landfall in Florida. The risk level of the storm would be determined by sliding scale. The CME, Carval Hurricane Index, that takes into account the signs of the hurricane, maximum one velocity and damage potential. The scale starts at zero and rises as storm becomes larger and more powerful. If the storm approaches any part of Florida becomes a higher category hurricane, the index rises. The second contract purchased when the index was a two-for example at two grand, could be worth 10 grand when the index rises to 10. So the more, and obviously the more you want the hurricane to be gigantic and cause it tremendous amount of damage, just as somebody else. The futures over can hold on to the contract to 10 grand or sell for a higher price of the risk increases. If it becomes a category 7,000, if it becomes a big blow, if the contract is worth 10 grand on the hurricane's price floor to the whole can obtain 10,000 dollars cash within a few days. This compares to traditional insurance policies or claims may not be settled for months. It's like we're already going to the track. It's like going to wood by only actually something comes out of this machine, I guess. Maybe. But a hurricane does not strike landfall in Florida during the 2000s and seven season of contract, because the second contract is worth 10 grand or more. It's worthless, worthless. Just like ourselves, the problem in worthless hurricane season runs from June, long through November 30. The odds are marked today, by the way. Okay, so you have an notice. Following the devastating 2005 hurricane season, the cause, estimated $79 billion damage, it became apparent that there was a limited capacity to ensure customer claims said, see, any alternative investment products to work through Felix Strabeo. With these hurricane contracts ensures others will be able to transfer their risk to the capital. And they're by increased their capacity to ensure customers. But if you put a move about somebody might have better hurricane, smaller hurricane, category one, category 10, category four million, category 83, whatever. Maryland 44 and Davidson 49. Wow, who knows Davidson? Anybody in who the hell they are? I don't rank number 13, Maryland's rank number four. Nice free throw, baby. There we go. 50. David's a lot. Let's root for who's now. Obviously, Maryland's the favorite the right number four, right? The twerfs. Correct. And they're getting their ask. By six, Chris is 18, oh five, do you want to second half? Oh, what do you see that? He threw up a rock, terrible. He threw up a rock. He threw up a stone. He must be stoned off his ass, that guy. Now let's see, Davidson's got four on the five guys are white guys. That's only a two point or any, oh, geez, that could, not good. So anyway, anybody wants to see this record on television, I'm going back to a hockey or something. It's so boring. I used to like basketball, once upon a time before my almost all players were bunches, seven foot tall freaks. I'll let slime with jam a crap. Yes, slime this, slime it here for jam. Let's see if there's any hockey stuff on it. That's a big time. See if I can. This is still a tell me a calculator. Oh boy, what a match up that is. That's enough to put you into a terminal coma. It's enough to put you into a Terry Shabo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 to the phone again. That is a Dorney. I'll manage this one. We thought that things were really starting to pick up this week. We weren't there. We were on fire. Uh huh. Flaming. Some might say. And then you start talking about that jaw and chick filais though. It's just what we've got. It's a fun rocker. It was okay. But for my money, the best thing we can get around here is char hot. But we will argue with that since there are fines, for a sponsor and since I like that, I used to go there all the time. That one in Tamarack on the way home from the pill doctor. Definitely worth the price compared to the burger chain. See, this business is about worth the price. I mean, how much are we really talking about here? Okay? I'm not also as as Papa John's as too doy. So I'm just too wet and too much and too doy. Maybe start talking about the price again. No, you see, one thing about it like an Italy. The Italian people love their food as you know. They're big in the food. And so they will spend an in order not to money. This proportion amount of money on food because it's important to them. More important than important thing. I'm sorry, that's the wrong language. Whatever. You don't say what do you say? I'm saying that Americans just want cheap. They don't want quality. They want cheap. Like you guys said, they want to go to fast food expert. That's why the fuckers went down the drain one of the reasons. They couldn't compete with them. A little scorly burgers. And in fact, I'm surprised they're on like crystals all over Tamarack's case. You know, you fill up the whole trunk for about three bucks. I'll take 700 of those crystal, you know, they can whatever those things are. 1210 on the poor. Like greens in Detroit years ago. Reins in top hat. We used to have top hat hamburgers the same thing. You drive through it in a little greasy burgers a little tiny once on the big, Puffy buns, you know. And the meat, the meat, it's like mystery meat. It's a size of your thumb. I long for the days, baby. I long for those days. Here he goes again, living in the past that old meal. That ancient old troll. When you go into like a light like it in a, how many times have we talked about it? Like they place on red road. What is it red and bird that drugs to her? Helens. Allen's very good. Excellent job, George. Allen's drugs, baby. Where they have the old fashioned fountain. And you sit down and you watch and make the burger the big thick juicy burger right there on the grill. And then they put the cheese on there and they put the little, uh, the cover over the top and melt that cheese on there. And you get me a nice fresh real burger made with real ground beef, baby. Now, do they have a soda jerk? And they got a soda jerk, jerk, idiot, jerk. And I'm sure they do it. And you watch and make like a real, melted, oh god. Something for real is supposed to pre-fabricated stuff that comes out of a gigantic box somewhere. You know, and so one thing I will say about the fast food joints. And this is a truth. Whether it's an amster than whether it's in Berlin, whether it's in a roll-mob where they have all that great food and anybody eats in McDonald's ought to be shot in Rome. But anyway, they do. No matter where you taste all the same, that's one thing that they do guarantee. It's all consistent, but they send it in these gigantic cartons. I have no idea where they, you know, where they're killing the, uh, animials or whatever, but it's all exactly the same. If you've got a cheeseburger, a fast food joint at Burger King of McDonald's in Berlin, it will taste exactly the same as when you get in, uh, next to the sawgrass. All right. Well, at least it's consistent, like in a little bit of a, like, at least it's edible, at least you know what to expect. And I'm just a dumb. Just because everybody's stone can't we have like a little real food in here, huh? And of course, they're especially as pea soup is one of them all. Oh, pea soup. And french fries with mayonnaise and that brown mystery sauce. Me, you, you, you, you, you, you, you. Layoffs, what's all that? Cooked peeing picky. Alan Cohen's gonna be upset. Then you will really care him. Who's it? Every good question knows it ain't too late, because it's not so very hard to do. Five, five, five, five. The name of the Gaines is a Bible that's a human footprint, to where we do. Tell people you know the way. Five, five, five. If I dare to hear how, five, five, five. Take their possessions away. Five, five, five. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in faith, but you make the Bible say it's true. Don't matter what you do, you can be guilty. The Lord will always forgive you. Think of the poison it's made. All right. Way to go, all right. One, one, one, one, one. And you to doctor down. And everybody, play with all the things. All right. Come on, you don't need money. Be the crap out of your kids. Oh, you're too the right of me, bow. Go on and feel the need. Five, five, five. And that's the way to bow. You can't get a face. You can't get a face. You can't get a face. We're not going to primary up to. We're going to have to get a head start. We've either want to want to be a voice. And I'm going to tell you right now, Barack Obama will wipe the ground with Hillary's ass in the California primary. That's February five. Mark it down. I just got through telling you that. One, forty, six, PM on the eyes of our Thursday, March 15, you will face this in a video. Barack Obama will clean up big time in California. You know what I'm saying? We said, you'll see. All right. You're going to kick her ass sideways to next Friday. Well, that's tomorrow, ain't it? Well, when I, what is it that happened this week? I don't know. It's not that I'm complaining you understand. This week is just flowing on my head. Yeah, it is. Mollon Gaming. Yeah. Oh, we need to arrange a lot more of those. Twelve hundred and nineteen votes on the pool. I guess I'll take one last peek at it. Okay, even though it's really very, very bad. It's bad. And so will this call be QA and hello. QAM. I told you, I knew it'd be good. Twelve, they're wrestling with it. 1224 votes. Look at it. This swillery. Okay, so then. And there's John McCain. He's got two chances. None. Much less than on. 1224 votes on the pool. Embarrassingly, I don't know. And then you fill in the blank. I know the answers to all of these. 854. Just under 70 percent. Liers. I hate this pool. 131.7 percent. Lot of hate and. I hate this pool. 131.7 percent. Lot of hate and. I can't hear it. Lot of hate. The words to the star. Spangled Banner. 91. The answers to several of these. I don't know. 67. Bummy. Where Iraq is on a map. 31. 31 people finally have admitted they couldn't find a rack with both of their hands and half a year or so. How do you like that? Probably couldn't find their ass either with all four hands. The answer to several of these. I already said that. And it's just to any of these 12. All right. Who are nations. Capitalist name for 10. Isn't it Benjamin Harrison? The pleasure of allegiance nine. Who was president before W.S. 6? What size fought in the Civil War for? What do you America declared its independence for? How many states there are in the Union? Three. And how many stars are on the flag? Two. What is Arnold? There is the epitome of what's wrong with America today. There is their show on Arnold. Signing a measure to move up California's presidential part. California. I think I was governor of a state he can't even pronounce it. Oh well let's change the law. So Arnold can be the president. And keep in mind of course his father was one of them. Austrians. That made the Nazis look like a Sunday picnic. The Austrians made the Germans look like. They were like Nazi deluxe. That's right. They made the Germans look like Nazi light. They are great. I'm a great Peter. Yeah, eat this. 5.670560. I don't know if something is circulating going on here with all these young college hoops. I must be super duper of Tuesday is primaries. I thought that was something to do with the ball game. I was on CNN and Bill Schneider's on there talking about super duper of Tuesday with the primaries. There was a horse. And what you're supposed to do with the season? I said horse. Oh man, the country is in fact. What is the effect? I mean, nothing. There's 14 minutes to go. 52 of peace. Davidson and Maryland. 13th rank Davidson. Fourth rank Maryland. 13th rank Davidson. Fourth rank Maryland. Any interest. Off I'm sure. I'm sure. A bunch of swill man. I'm sure they got that keg we call a battle game. Oh, that's a penguin. The rookie of the year race might have been over right there. That the most spectacular of the goals for getting Malcolm so far this season. He has to be now. What's that? What what what what what that. Hockey team himself. We know what that they don't have. That would be like opening up a halavasan at the North Pole. I mean, what is the point? What is the point? What is the point? From 127 on the full. What do I say? You're Chris shoot for a little over 400. Now what I said? Yep. I'm giving it to be an expert prevert on this stuff. I got my thumb right in there. It's probably like a game. Q.A.M. I knew. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Um. Hey guess what? What? I'm looking at it. Good. Good one. Tell me to Q.A.M. Hello. Guess what? Yes. Yes. Yes. I know that. Not if you like it to be. If you continue to talk about me like that. WQA.M. Hello. Firewall. Good. WQA.M. Hello. You have to do it. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Now the fucker office is closed. The truth is going to have to find another place to go. Because that one is saved or spot. Really? Oh yeah. I see them in their four or five times. Diminiz on the rise. Not the one I'm talking about. Is most being candle? So one candle. Yeah. Why? But he was in there with a bunch of rush. Four or five times by friend load up on the one pound. Well that's some pretty interesting stuff man. Not. But his on to rise man. He was in it was not around. I don't care. We have no interest in OJ. They ought to take his answer. We'll do a Sodom on his ass. Don't understand. He's got a rise. Mr. Zance. They ought to sign up. That's right. You know, they never think of your car. They said they sign up. They sign up. They sign up. I mean, so more or less. donations No. 90 percent. We do runtime. We still do some resistance. We all need to. The car. You must not do your brandwers. in a couple weeks ago and I could make heads of tails of it was I don't know you have any idea what it was you're asking you see good guy yes he is and loves me and loves you is my and I love you feel and then you that remember I told you about that Paul guy with the Victoria say there goes there's this other broad the she called this a flat tallyana not tallyana playing on my emotions about Italy and the whole thing metagin food etc. I'll tell you and she says oh if I get 50 friends to sign up for this I get a free watch come on helping it a lot yeah I want to this okay watch my finger on both hands go straight in the air and give it to you the time to salute here it is with the you know in the arm put there in a pity arm what do you what you call that right what it what is that the crevice armpit no not armpit where you're your arm and you're elbow what you call that thing I don't know the crook the crook you talking about so to go to school you can you pick it on the nice and<|ru|> people the Italian people are a wonderful people never still afraid train that's because Mussolini made the trains run on time and they were going to the fast twenty thirty one votes on a very bad pull and let's all their commercial break in the basketball game what is she and everybody get on the bark around here watch this garbage okay why oh cousin son cousin son anybody really care about Davidson I would know where to find a lot like most of you with a rack I couldn't find Davidson I couldn't tell you what stated sin I never heard I heard a John Davidson yeah both both the bad singer you still pretty good years ago and also the hockey guy who talks like a toilet who's with the saint Louis Blues now which got him off the ear thank God pap pap pap pap pap pap pap pap all my got motor mouth in fact JD never remember used to do a hockey show on a radio with JD we used to carry it or talk about embarrassment JD you know man allegedly his own time what's that hey good looking what is that John David something oh with me I saw a lot man he's not pretty good this pretty hair he was real pretty yeah I can only when you could afford it was been people in the last minute you see much he's been on how it was for a lot of time that's the same one what that's the same John Davidson yeah no no of course not I know a hockey one that's the one you just heard singing the easy being how they was where is that's right wow wow but yeah but to where you said that's something off a oh my god I think he's been working on a show to law I know you're rubbing off on him you do you know where you said wow that's out in here was made and maybe that's out a really fabulous old bag I'm telling that right now he why not was that really christen said that there's somebody took him really and he's dropping it had a whole wind dropping he's got a good guy yeah that's a problem used to chase his answer on the screen down david's the name is real pretty man pretty guy like him a lot I used to play his music on here when I work in sorry so sorry he's 73 the US people you know sorry two and a w j and oh was palm 75 before I became a talk host with the most there was my first talk radio job in 1975 it means I've been doing this crap 32 years pop pop pop pop pop pop pop like that and I was on six hours and I was on from six to midnight on j and oh six to seven was a sports talk hour believe it or not which is all the sports talk we had it was more than enough and I had no idea was I was talking about by the way and what seven eight was the CBS mystery theater was giving our reprieved to my brains on scramble and then eight to midnight was like regular topical talk you know like talking about you know blueberry animas and stuff like that and Andre Baruch and B Wayne swimming across like worth over there in Palm Beach for the station across the lake there that you couldn't hear it at night you can see the tower but you couldn't hear it it was like driving in a TV tried from the west and right about keen or 13 at night and they're signal to so-called version we could see there 85 towers but you couldn't hear the station as soon as you drive out of towers and wow I just got real out of new radio just about blow out your speakers those are the days baby when a radio was James Cameron presents Jesus Christ in my one son starring Jesus Christ Mary Nagdalene Judah and Pontius Pilate as Uncle Charlie bye bye