I thought I'd do this. Look in for love and they're deceptive way With some blood and spit your soul in front of my face Ooh, we're going down at my hands on a fake robot Ooh, we're going down at my hands on a fake robot Ooh, we're going down at my hands on a fake robot I could be good looking or if that's every aim But I look at you or maybe just straight Look at all my girl and the group friends that I've got so far Ooh, we're going down at my hands on a fake robot Ooh, we're going down at my hands Ooh, we're going down at my hands People look at me and they're doing that Ooh, we're vamos down at my hands Ooh, we're going down at my hands I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I made you incredibly lonely You were the moment with my reason for nothing but life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life I'm full of heart, you're here home with all day's light Because the days are back to the place of heart For what you think you're alive Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life Provin' a mind of life It's a 10 or 3 or 5, 60WKM speed of that whole online The business I still can't stand on actors To put us my space thing Because we've been blocked baby Because some lunatic, the same lunatic Who's the crazy person with no life Who was playing the game the other day Yeah, evidently we've ported Spain We're on suspended assentance for something Like they were on what would you call it? Provation Yeah, you're being investigated We're being investigated because we have a crazy person out there At least one on the other end of the line But that's a lot of unusual in some movies Especially yeah Here's the pull result from yesterday And then like I said, it's 11.30, Clarence threatens And we get the hour by hour And I just, George says we're going to be number one in midday That's the most prediction You know, we really got, we really got The whole thing moving right, December and it It's just a fall out of the diaries man And the nobody who's fixing English got diaries Except a, uh, a scare a merifax They went up I mean, like organic but they went up quite a bit different Oh, you know, it's blame me that I don't know who the hell knows Our people just didn't get no diaries Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007 Is our pull question from yesterday? 1552 votes Not a bad pull if I do say so myself In fact, there was a, uh, a collar again A listener, a fax or somebody a person The US will attack your ran 641 Oh my god Oh boy, 41.3% believe that'll happen Neil will allow for the my space friend to enter in 30 Wouldn't that be three? Jim added to work a full week without taking a day off And I think this is the day And he's, uh, he's penciled in here for today Wouldn't that be something Oh, gosh, could be the week that that becomes a self-fulfilling Prophecy or whatever that means 173 said that W will be impeached Oh, we can only pray cross your legs like a praying mantras baby W will be impeached 120 I hate this full 105 Usual self-order Oh, whatever it is, there's an element out there they hated Hey, pollution ounce or two, 100 Owens I'm not going to do it, or two or three even That was funny Wayne will sell the offense, idiot George will get his own show on QM 54 Boy and you pulled away a there in the end You did a masterful thing, you pulled away from the mole Myster think, God, so I want life hell too Especially if he's picking in finger berries Mole return to QM only 41 See, eggs dim up by 13 Not even close Well done Wow QAN hello I'm normal Ah, yeah, you're normal. I win this crowd I would agree with that, yeah And we also want you to be dead, okay, very very soon Dead Really dead, not just slightly dead, but very dead Very deep in the ground Not always about 2-3rds of way to China Here's the poll for today that we got going, how's it going? 800 need votes What's the main reason you'd never even ever called Neil? Now I see that the reason I'll just pull it Generally speaking I can handle it with a lot of agree with whatever But I just don't believe this, do you? What? The main reason you've never called Neil The leading one is I have called 2017 2016.8% of the people out there have called his show Well I believe That sounds like a total, the grand total, yeah You believe that? Yeah We got 800 need votes, which will make our 1000 easy again today Thanks for Lord But over a quarter of them have called a show Well, apparently not recently Right I have called 2017 But I don't have a lot of time It must have been 10, you know, they might have called 10 years ago Yeah, that's obviously I have no material 203, that's also obvious Which isn't stopping I'm all I would say the question is what's the main reason you've never called I have no material Well that doesn't stop a lot of people who do call We have no material I don't call anybody 152 Ha ha ha ha ha That's 1502 No call anybody Too busy, too late 139 They don't want to wait I'm fine I'm afraid to get ripped 50, what about your worst is man? I'm afraid to get ripped He's going to rip my ass Yeah I hate this poll only 27 Amirah 3.3% They must stay like it So that's obviously a question we should have asked before we started You like it? Yeah, they like it I don't have a phone for team What kind of a person doesn't have a phone? Ofish Well we don't have no omniscient or amish I don't think so And don't want my voice recognized 13 Yeah, the bill collectors will be like a trade will be tracing the call All kinds of crap will break loose 26.3% of you say that you have called this show Look at that former representative Bob Nae of Ohio It sentenced to 30 months in prison Republican Bob Nae All right Now which money python will we was that in what they were doing the nasa Neat Neat Neat What was that? Hold the grill Holy grill Nobody like money python baby They are the best Yes WM hello Yes, good morning Yes sir Yes, I was hoping you rip my ass Yeah, we'd like to I know Back to me What's going on with this weekend Any which you take on that What's going on with them? Honey's getting laid several times before the game That's what I heard Just a rumor though An anybody who wouldn't believe at all No those athletes certainly aren't having that sexual seventyiss before they play those big games right alright What do you think keeps us mucket face? 826 votes on a pull and of course everybody calls everybody's calling All of a sudden on the clear blew From nowhere to everybody's a caller WQ危am hello You see like there that one of these guy got panicky They probably don't have a phone Q危am Hello Am you? Yes, I'm one of the guys that you chat with on my face. I won't take up to dinner tonight. What do you say? I say 567. Oh, yeah, take me after dinner tonight. Well, you're not on a plane right now because if you're gonna be here by dinner time You better be on a way the airport right now. Just amazing to me the number of people that think I'm stuck down It's in that sewer with them Mm-hmm. Look at that amazing. It never ceases to although you may be a lot of those frustrated people will be calling in because I can't respond to them I can only reply to my personal close friends. I've made on there through their email, which I haven't only been out looking at today And that's okay. That's okay. There's no emergency And I think from clearance. I just can't wait. I'm waiting with baited breath for that Aren't you? Yes Now you're gonna have to partake in that too. We want to go in the air. Yeah, oh, that's right because you were not in the air first and wow That's scary. I get the worst of both worlds though. I Get to do all the extra stuff because I'm on the air, but I don't get paid like I am I see well You better not start sounding so down any presto. Okay, get out of the dumps now. Sorry W w q a and hello Neo good story for you and yours Yes, if that's by stay in my credit bank O j Simpson no one. Yeah, you want you want you on to the bank goes into the back I left them a little lump letter on his car After he's keeping his knife sharp and we waited from the commander back and when he came out his head was on a swivel There was malaria How do you always part? Yeah, there he goes. He's gone. Oh, oh, oh, oh, he's totally bogus Totally bogus, but yeah, and like these people said they have no material so this guy just made it up Pinecrest where is pinecrest over yelender? No, seriously, that was a great press. You know, you know, did land? So that's possible obviously because he lives in Kendall your buddy, O j so maybe it is true, but of course How would I hope would he have known? Well O j's car I mean, so you got a big thing on it says hey, this is my car. I'm O j and I'm a murderer and if I did it This is how I done this and by the way come over here. I'll slice your ass up for something Oh, but there's a there's a classic example of a guy who had some great material 26-1% of the audience says that they have called out of 838 votes anybody buying no anybody believe there's a chance to that WQA and hello QAM Yeah, you don't know okay, sir What up man long time I haven't heard from you man just got back to the world. I'll call you again soon What happens? I said what you got no I just got back from my rack man. I'm I was stationed up in South Carolina Yeah, I'm wondering why is it anybody trying to get us back from over there man? What's going on? Because you live in the fashion state of say that's the problem man They got bigger first to fry like ball games and stuff like that Yeah, man in my girl doing some of the stuff Huh, he fell in love with George. Yeah, like your screwed man I say go back is what I say yeah, he's been in the right Everybody's in love with George. That amazing yeah, right or a Georgia judge is daughter one He'll maybe both get you I want to be well, it isn't that the always the way it works It is like everybody's life everybody loves us except those people that they we want to love us like passionately like oh like that, you know even if it's just for fun 845 hosts the main reason you've never called me. I have called they insist on a 221 2641 percent I have no material to 12 no who could believe that? I don't call anybody 160 I don't call anybody Oh, brother. I don't want to say this South Florida ambiance is a little on the anti social side But nevertheless too busy to wait 143. I'm afraid to get ripped 53 I hate this full 27 a mere 3.1 percent they likes it I don't have a phone 16 and I don't want my voice recognized 13. I'm in high Top party oh Saddam Hussein He won't be home and back When I got to the Nick Top party In there They all came to sea to die swinging in here and it's so sharp now I hurt this mud log Right before the strong and love they said we can go to hell. The side of the machine was evil. I'm where to learn O.S. But since our country's gotten involved, the record's just a mess. There's no atomic war ahead. The global UMD, they put the sit-down on trial for crimes against humanity. And it's she-I'd now guess it's just as well. Just whether we decide to stay or go for Rex or Levin' Hell. Say goodbye to Saddam, bye bye to Saddam. After a strow was over, they sent him the death. They sent someone so phone, it's on the internet. They put a news around his neck, opened up a trap door. Now the future vague death, ain't hanging round or more. And it's she-I'd now, our purpose must loam's ill. Right before the strong and love they said we can go to hell. Say goodbye to Saddam, bye bye to Saddam. 10, I've seen it five, 60, WQAM. Here's that schedule for today. A lot of people out there said on the edge of the radio saying, Hey, what kind of crap are they going to put on today? I think we have any cracks today. We got some heavy duty or regular people, no games tonight. Well, school-wise, that looks to me like it was Toronto 3 and Florida 2. Oh no, that must be a typo, Leafs actually wanted another game. Right there in the macaroon, it looked mighty empty to me. It looked like there was lots of elbow room in there. Anyway, mad dog at 2, power hour with Hank in the mad dog together between 4 and 5. Which is not, you know, that's quite a treat when you get that, because it doesn't seem like the 2 of them work too many days at the same time. Yep. If you notice that lately, nope. The Humper between 5 and 7, that's because you don't listen because of the sports crowd, a sports and then any K from 7 to 10 while a lot of people are still awake out there. Good old, any K. Thank God they got any K back. Probably a name much reduced rate. And the good news is the soup is there. Original soup main in Aventura has brought in. What do you want is it actually there? No, no, no. Yeah, what do you got? I got Mulligan, Tony. And Chris has, you got what? Mulligan, Tony. What the hell is that? I don't know. That's why I ordered it. It's got all kinds of things in it. I'm going to give them, I can identify. Are some of them still moving a little bit? It's got like almond shavings in here and some meat and carrots and chunks of veggies, a little bit of Murray. Wow. And it's good and Chris. And what's the Chris I want to learn in there? I'm going to learn in there. Chuck E. Chilith. Turkey, Chilith. Anyway, the soup is from the original soup main cafe, Totten Hope Store. 20475 is getting both of the prominent traps in Aventura. The original soup main features is a gangrated soups of Aveeegina. Yeah, Gena. Whoever is, who is proud of the soup episode on SoundFilm. How do you say? I don't know. Who the soup is? He hates that, but that's what the episode was. I see. Well, excuse me. I didn't want SoundFilm. I'm very proud of that. I'll see. They got 50 varieties of soups. And they had gourmet sales and sandwiches, ramps and smoothies. And the soups are like 495-895 for a cup. 695-1095 for a bowl. They have French toasted paninis and sandwiches at 595. So the soup main is there with food and there in Aventura waiting for you. I love my soup. What's up, Totten. I'm in the middle of the time. You're probably getting real tired here and about it. But I love my soup. Sorry. Here's the full summary. So, just how about don't want to lose my job for calling radio stations from the Orifice and say check the phone records. Thanks, Paul. It says for me corporate time-stealing weasel using mad dogs line there. Don't want to call for more. Not a lot of call for more. Not a lot of call for more. Do you want to put that on there? I can't call for more. Okay. I mean, you want to put too many words on there. You're going to be putting paragraphs like I always write. You know, other people email me like one or two sentences which is fine and not appreciate the always. And I write paragraphs. I'm just in on this full of it. That's all I was to it. I can't help myself. I'm like the four times. I can't help myself. I'm just loaded with material. And I know, and of course, that little lo Julio is going to go. Why does the material nail bars? And you know who we haven't heard from. I don't think this week. We heard one day last week. And we got alien. That one speaking beer banana boat people. And I hear casters dead and I can't help myself. I'm just compulsive. I'm compulsive, obsessive. And I just love everybody. Well, son, some more than others. This is just a reaction. Oh, what a what a talk of that. And you cut that off you. You best start rolling. Nobody Q-way and everybody calls. Hello. Yes. I'm going to put the right. Hello. Hello. Hey. How's it hanging Lord? Okay, Palli. Today is the day baby. It's awesome. You're new. Woo. See, we're making a comeback now on the phone. I think today is the day. I was today. Is he just the Yankee and my trainer water. They announced in the new coach. I don't think so. Oh, those reports that they could do. They could. Well, I better start checking the. You know, the newspapers because sure is how our sports department man. Oh, brother. Well, even before like three days with this guy, Cam Cam. So Kim Ho Kim Cameron Cameron. Not like Kim Boca. Kurt Cameron. Kurt Cameron. Good board again Christian. I used to like him a lot. He was cute. But anyway, he can't say that. You can't say that on the sports stage because it sounds awfully faggy. You know, I did like Kurt Cameron. I found out he was a born again Christian. And, you know, I thought, Oh, geez. Let's see. My me dolphins. Let me take a look and see if they. It would be right in the front page. Cameron front runner for the dolphins job. Sandy, well, offensive coordinator. Cam Cameron. I wonder if he's kind of Warren Cameron or duck Cameron. The great harness racing drivers. Eight from Ohio. Eight hundred ninety five votes on a pool. And the 20 almost 26% say they have called a show. I don't know. That doesn't mean they got on. I mean, it just they call for at least like a second. Yeah, that. This means they got on. I mean, it's just they call for at least like a second. Yeah, that. Yeah. This means they got on. How could you say you call the show if you never got on the ear? Because it's I called the show. I just didn't get on the air. You did call the show. Well, I actually called you. Yeah, a couple years ago. And what happened? I told you about how the Harold couldn't figure out the points in a NHL right because I had like, you know, one guy was getting two points right. Right. And I didn't hang up on you. Nope. Well, how do you like that? You said good. Good to go. And the Harold sucks. Yeah. Why? But it's ripping the Harold's. Okay, my book. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I just want to call and kiss up a little bit and say to you for. Thank you for getting me through these days. I have you in my hair all day long. I think if you if you could see this stuff. I seriously know a lot of people are exasperated with my space. And I'm exasperated with people are screwing around with it. But I'm going to tell you the comments that are coming in on there. These people have been listening since they were 14 and 15 and 16. And they've grown up with my crap. And just I'm got to change my underwear 14 times during the show because they're just being all over me. It's amazing. I've been listening for about over 15 years. I know that. And I, you know, I have a job where I can listen to you all day long. I have you in my hair. And thank you for playing. Oh, you're in your hair. In the rear. Yeah. And you know, for playing, if you see K in Tijuana yesterday. Because I want to dedicate that to Mark. He wants to blame me. But that's okay. Okay. Okay. Good luck, you pal. Okay. Sounds like he's got a little a little spackle on on there with Mark or whatever. Yeah. Got a little, a little problem with him. What's that again? Everybody does. Everybody sooner later they have a. They have their issues. 899 votes on the pool. Olders, the pissed off. K. Man. Historically, you guys have struggled to adapt. Yeah. Right. Walking up right. Discovering fire and venting the wheel. Yeah. They've struggled again. How about a razor would be? Yes, by the way. I really want to record that little Richard guy. Co-commercial. So I can take drops off of it. So it comes on. Yeah. Don't step a little. Oh, I don't don't step on it. And whip it right on. Hey, Luis Miguel. Play it baby. Or hold it. 5, 60. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Oh, how was David? No. Come here. Your coach. You're rare. Joey, have a 10. Sorry, too. Says here, hasn't 10. What do you have? What are them? Such a little changes though. It's hearing today. Well, my loser caught up back friend. David, David. You don't know what, not like Connie Steven. See, he's turning Steven. That's right. I always got them confused. And both had nice legs. Good on that. Can he Steven? Two. We had you caught yourself. I caught a pack? You. Well, not anymore. You're fired at the dinner. Get out. You over there. You're cool. Shhh. You're fired at it. Get out. I'm gorgeous. Listen up now. Yes, don't get turned down. We're seasoned. So you're all fired at the dinner. Now get out. That's where he wanted here. That's right. You. What are you crying for over there? It's funny. You will be pretty. Yes. Unless your name is TILL. You're fired at it. Now get out of here. You're fired at it. Get out of here. All you's right now. Why, if you don't get out of here, I'll mobilize everybody. Get out of here. See you. You're fired at it. My job is done. And I think what I'm doing is a nice warm shower. We'll need this dress. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. What's going on? What's going on? Good morning. There's more of these of the remembers. Back home. Now see. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. I've got a conversation. Good. Good morning. Good morning. 1033. There's your new dolphin coach. Okay. Heard her first right here on QOM. Oh, I hear we're going to have a press conference. Last two or three four hours today. What else? Please. Please. Put it on right now. Maybe a smoky jewel coming running around up and down the hall. Hey, less than an hour before we find our homicerovabones. We're getting them on. I'm sure the audience is really whipped up about that. And maybe I really doubt it. But just maybe if the thing falls out right, we'll be able to say. We're number one. But I doubt it. That sacrifice to cattle. I still think it's quite a feather in our craft to the fact that we did as well as we did considering that in the month of December, QOM just are just audiences and get no diaries. Either there or just everybody shut it off in December, which I think is highly unlikely. Okay. Highly unlikely as in highly silanci. Methodist minister trying to scuttle bush library. A group of Methodist ministers from across the country launched an online petition lobbyist in urging SMU to abandon the efforts to score George W. Bush's presidential library, the APB San. The petition to newly created website protect SMU.org. Says that as United Methodists were believing that the linking of his presidency would be diversity bearing the Methodist name is utterly inappropriate. A pro-preyote. A pro-preyote. Very good. Methodists have a long history of social conscience, so questions about the conduct of this president are very concerning said one of the petition's organizers. The Reverend Andrew J. Weaver of New York Regulated for Messlem use Perkins School of Theology. Brad Chavez, SMU's vice president for external affairs and development said yesterday that a Methodist church is diverse and perverse in its membership and opinions and that those involved with the petition reflect only one view. And early article in New York Times noted that some faculty are considered about the potential library, referring that pro-Bush politics will infiltrate the school. People will be starting to run around with swastik as baby in August, with the 45 degree angle salute. Exactly. Just like that. In a meeting several weeks ago, faculty members complained of a lack of consultation over the emergency agreement and all but demanded answers from the University's president, our Gerald Turner, on the relationship that would develop between the University and the Library. It has been a lack of transparency right from the beginning, telling the Peters and the Journalism faculty told the Times, urging the University's administration to be more forthcoming with detailed information and speaking of wind, speaking of really, this is what this is why I don't even want to talk about this all that much because what's the use. Right. You even know what I'm going to talk about right now, but what's the use? Maybe a growing battle between Congress and the president over the Iraq worst strategy, but New House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, that bitch, said she won't block funding for additional troops. She's got the balls or fruit flyman, I'll tell you that right now, they're all inerred together. They're all part of the again gay plan, gay plan. Pelosi's position revealed not exclusive interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer, Kim today after a group of senators announced a bipartisan resolution condemning the Bush administration's plan to increase US forces at Iraq, about more than 20,000 troops. While the Senate resolution would be non-binding, unlike cheese, you know, cheese is really binding, especially if you have like macaroni and cheese, oh man, you won't go for a month. Maybe the British eat a lot of macaroni and cheese. Well, the Senate resolution, while it would be non-binding, would send a message to the president, whether it does mean a public and a big friend? Yes, send a message to a rock, right. I don't mean Iraq, but I mean Iraq, a boulder, and at least it does have a public incentives about ready off for their support. Wow, Nancy Pelosi again, when it's out, the bitch whim-sau, really pathetic. She needs to be taken off for a big spanking as when he's stepping a her. 926 votes on the poll. Well, in the exciting lesson, how are you going to know how much that bonus is going to be and whether you actually have some kind of a life in store? How much can the difference really be in your case, about 20 bucks? If 20 bucks would make a big difference in my life. Really? Yeah. Well, I'm sure that Chris will reach right into his wallet right now. Yeah. Hand over some cash. What are you talking about? Maybe give you a reach or a, he's making the big bucks. That big luck? I said it really sucks to be made in that kind of way. It sucks. Yeah. But you better get your ducks in a row, whatever that means. Yeah, get your ducks in a row. That's why I was stupid expression. You better get your ducks in a row. You don't want them to be all out of order and go in the, you know, all over the place too. You ever see a, like when you're crossing the street like, uh, you're a duck? Yes. And the little ducklings go stepping behind. Probably good idea to run them over because of their goose stepping. They must be fascist ducks. What's the main reason you've never called Neil is our poll question 930 as we try to decide. Should we continue taking these bang? That is in calls or should we just put this whole damn thing on the shelf? WQA and hello. Hi, bye. Uh, I have called 239 25.6% I have called. I have no material 238. I don't call anybody 170. I don't call nobody and especially you, Neil. I don't want to talk to you. You old troll you, you old fart. Too busy do, uh, wait, 154. Wait on hold. Of course we don't put anybody on hold, but the two busy to keep ringing it and ringing it for me to be in the mood to take a call. It said was obviously not a good idea right there. I'm afraid to get ripped 57. You old man's going to rip my ass. I hate this poll. Got. Got. About 3.2%. I don't have a phone 17. Don't want my voice recognized 14 and what can't call from work only 3. Can't call from work because I'll get fired it and then Neil isn't going to pick up the tab, which would be really good. George will though. George can handle it. Anybody out there if they get fired. George will look up your, uh, you're going to have to write this one. What yeah? Yeah. North West Airlines will offer an apology in compensation to a group of 40 Muslims who said they were turned away from a US bond plain in Germany. The payment will cover extra flight and hotel cost and cured after North West refused to let the group board agenda. We're seven Frankfurt to Detroit flight. That's actually those guys are pretty lucky. Who don't want to line up and Detroit? Oh man. The Michigan office or the Council on American Islamic Relations, they're going to be a lot of Muslims who live in Detroit, like in a deer board. We welcome North West Airlines apology offer a limited compensation as a positive step for addressing the concerns of the Muslim passengers. They groups executive director Dowood Valid met seven the statement. The Muslims arrived early enough for the flight. They were denied boarding on the grounds that they were too late, according to the right group. North West spokesman Dean Reist said the flight already been closed to passengers in the group for each to gate. Yeah, likely story. He said, oh, it's a bunch of smart heads. Hall of Hall asks. North West, the second largest US airline in the vanquimtsies, taking the matter to heart. They're taking it and sticking it with a moon don't try. Whatever they do. How do you like that? And of course the passengers, I'll probably breathe a sigh of relief. Like, oh, there's a bunch of terrorists ready to get on here. See, that's the same amount of the public. And of course, so one can easily understand why. But it's just not good. And of course, if that's the way you feel about life, you sure is how bad it not be live in here. Boy. You know, you have to restrain yourself. And this is a city where everybody like that toy is very polite and very friendly and everything. But when again, the elevator, and I see, oh, you last night I came in. I got in the elevator and there was the smoke of work. We could we. I thought that maybe, yeah, Michael Vick had been visiting the building. The smell of that wacky weeds. I mean, it's puffin away right in the elevator. That goes to show you the different sort of sort of civilized place. But when I see these people in there, many of my building like I told you, the the whole berca outfit, you know, you're sucking around the 85 kids. And I think to myself, I want to say that I obviously don't say it because I don't want to be judged mental. And I don't want to be of noxious and rude like an American. But I'm thinking of myself, you know, it's the year 207. It's 2000 freaking seven. Okay, why don't you come out from behind all that? And then of course, probably there are obvious in any way. So maybe it's a good idea. Some of us would be better off with the full berca, you know. In other words, cover that thing up. Friday you wear still bright. You've already been sleeping, everybody's corpse is buying it. You've got to put in from body in the ground. You feel it. It's not you put in from body in the ground. It's like a single mid-day that's lost in the ground. All of early gets to close in his body. You see, you close in his time to put in from body in the ground. It's not you put in from body in the ground. Oh my God. Look up all the ropes all should be having fun. Time for a day. Even though we still look turkey, you're serving into beef jerky. It's fine to put things from body in the ground. Right. 1046, 14th or 11 at 560 WQAM. 150 Zimboza and the pull we got that thousand-like easy-to-day man. Like falling right into the lake. So how is the soup? Okay, from the soup man to have a great meal. I'm going to have my banana banana. When I brought some fruit into you and my old general manager. You used to say, you're a law and every guy's got his banana business. That's a good point. WQAM, hello. New York, I got one fruit for. Yes, sir. I called, I called and I didn't know I got him here. I would be going to call you in the afternoon and then they get hung up on. How could people not have called him? They don't even know they have. They didn't know they got him here. What are you doing? What do you mean? What do you mean? Well, listen, call us when the ship and show us up. Okay, pal. Can I talk to you? Okay, it was pretty good. I'm a scuba zero. WQAM, hello. Yeah, back to you. WQAM, biofull net worth. I'm in a biofull net worth. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I wanted to ask you, how do they calculate the ratings over here in the US? I have a big 10 gallon Texas hat and they put a bunch of a station names on a region, a Yankee that learned all day. Read rabbit in trails. Yeah. They have good ratings and Canada. They use like a gun or something. Yeah, they use a gun. They use a gun. Yeah, they use a gun. If you don't listen to the United States and the way you're a crackaway, that's absolutely correct. I think we better start doing that too based on the December month or for QAM. And of course, the morning guys, they're probably not too all thrilled with that. Whatever number was I don't want to repeat it because, you know, they're doing a fine job. They're doing whatever they can do. And of course, the whole station, you know, that's why I say if we get close to a 7-way, I'm pretty sure we'll have between 10 and 2. That's a real feather up our ass. I'm but. 960 votes on the poll. What's the main reason you never called Neil? I have called 251, 26.1 percent. And we're nearly there would be a good thing. Because what do they always say? Like only one out of 100 people will call? They're about no. I'm not even there. Why not about? It's like 5%. Get out of here. 5% my ass. I have called 251. I have no material 243. I don't call anybody 184. 2 bus you do weight 158. I'm afraid to get ripped 59. But that's that is so sad. I'm afraid to get ripped. Like that's going to change your life. What is that going to do to you? Get ripped. They be a whole new cry or ego. No, no. I hate this poll. I hate this poll. I'm just about to admit. Stick it in the right place. There's 3.1 percent. I don't have a phone 18. George will buy you one. Okay. George will take with carry. I'll buy you phone. Yeah. Just email them. Don't want my voice recognized. 14 and can't call from work only 3. Yeah. I mean, how many people do we have out there that really do any work while they're supposed to be at work doing work? How many people really are working whenever they're working? They're screwing off. They're all over their, you know, they're on the internet. They're reading, looking at porn. They're all kind of stuff under the desk and on top of the desk and the next of the desk. I know. Steve Young says, or Riley abuses the abused, then lies to cover his crime. Rimes with slime fall. The culture warrior, the no spinner, the guy who's not looking for you, the one who tells you he's a journalist who only deals with the facts. The whole Riley he is decided this week that he would take it upon himself to attack the most vulnerable victims. A child who had been terrorizing quite possibly emotionally and sexually abused by an adult kidnapper for four years. Bill Cho, the uses bully pole pit against 15 year old Sean Hornbeck, who was kidnapped in 2002 at the age of 11, Bill will claim that he didn't attack Sean, but just ask questions. He said that despite a tip of his Thursday show offering evidence to the contrary, Bill always seems to forget about the 21st century mechanical recording devices that can literally replay his actual words, no matter how often he attempts to contradict them. What Bill said and was reported at mediumatters.org and Bill's own voice was that I think when it comes all comes down, what's going to happen is there was an element here that this kid liked about the circumstances. This is the kidnet the four year for four years. The situation here for this kid looks to me a lot more fun than what he had under his old parents. Some more cynical, I'd say that Bill was lying. I choose to say to you that you don't need to be cynical to know that he's lying, but even more than his lying, it's Bill's disgusting choice to use his show to re-abuse the boy. To choose to go with the I'd rather be sexually abused by the stranger, stranger because it's more fun than being home with my parents than cereal, it's so much more than just repugnant that you wouldn't be surprised if ABC and CNN fire Glenn Beck and enticed Bill to spread his kind of cultureworners over there. Bill will claim as he always does that it's only the left wing loonies that are out to get him, that he's the victim. This time the tape offers the truth and just what a slime Bill O'Reilly truly is. Sean Horn Beck has spent the last four years in doing who knows what torture is hell and what did the guy who's out looking out for you and your kids and castigates, judges and don't keep child abuse as stiff enough sentences, he exploited Sean again. Bill O'Reilly is worse than scum he's a child abuser. And a stranger, a stranger, I just can't stop doing a few points. Every day I hope that I catch that episode again. Are you really? Wouldn't that be wonderful? You're a stranger. It would be great. 966 votes on the pool and everybody in a brother calls us we have nothing but calls on the show, make no mistake about that. You'll see. QAM hello. Yes sir. Revitating for those numbers to come out. Oh yeah, you're a number for you as in the big old. Wow. He actually got me there where he's clearing his throat for a couple of seconds and between fake voices he was testing out. Tom Beach finds Donald Trump, $250 bucks a day for a supervised flag. Oh my god. You supersized it. I guess he's not going to be able to afford that new do now. Tom Fathers in Tom Beach voted 621 yesterday afternoon to find Donald Trump. $250 bucks a day for flying a supervised American flag at top and 80 foot flagpole that violates several of the town's codes and ordinances. Rector active in January 6, Donald already owes the town $16,000 to $250 bucks. Well you may have to take out a loan. He may have to go see what's his name. Did you say that? That's what it says here. I didn't say that. That's what the article says in the Sun Sentinel. I hate the Sun Sentinel and I know why the Donald. Yeah, the Donald my ass. I think Mr. Trump the property owner picked this fight. I think he's been provocative. One centway from the Australian roastig清 had nothing to go through because his.</ That's going to stop him. Right. It's going to stop him. Right. Right. At the end of this final dead fire he says Hamilton was a size 4 by 6 feet, the town passed on enforcing that the law but Neil Trump for having 80 foot flagpole that violates the zoning codes 42-4 of foot max. Last month, Trump filed a $25 million lawsuit against the town arguing in part that the law violated Trump's right to free speech and expression. The lawsuit also argued that the town is selectively enforcing law and is discriminating against moral law. The suit notes that there are about 20 other facts, flags imposed on the town that also violates local laws, but nobody cited them. They're picking on the Donald. If he wins the lawsuit from City wants anybody to go to military members returning home from Iraq, well that's a darn nice of him. In fact in this case, if that's the case, I hope he wins. Even though I find him disgusting and nauseous. But I think that's why he would. He says that. What's that? That's what he will give the money for. You think? Are you calling him a liar? I haven't seen the liar in a minute. I have a fat bastard with a bad, you know, comb. With a bad, the comb over. Purple, no less. His head is wrapped in a purple haze. 973 votes on a pool. The main reason you've never called me, it's a pretty good pool. In fact, look at that, I hate this pool as only 3.1. That's pretty good. Even the audience. When I asked the musical question, you like it? I see, I want to. What's not the like? I have called 255, 26.2%, I still, I don't know. Can you swallow that? Yeah, believe it. I have no material to it in 45. I don't call anybody, 186. What is that? I don't call anybody. I'm a crazy to weigh 160. I'm afraid to get ripped by the old queen, 60. I hate this pool. I'm here 31, 3.1%. I don't have a phone, 18. Don't live voice recognized for a team. They'll come stalking in the middle of night in their bathroom like Xavier Swaris. Nothing on the door at 3 and a.m. And can't call for work, solamente quatter. You're fair. This is your brain. What? What? Any questions? Good news, ladies. I don't want to weigh a finally located weapons of mass destruction. It's big training. Diggy tried to help out. And accidentally summoned out with a male. All men should celebrate their women. They should let jump on catches for them. But these fears is trying to get again. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have made a formal request to the world's journalists to lead them alone while they're in Africa. If has something had a concussion? How would you know? Forensone's guitar seed Richards is recovering from a really bad weekend. He's so out of a tree and clashed and gets he all the same day. You know the worst part about this heat wave across the country is Alboro. I told you so. While we're playing both time it's at an occult Smith may be pregnant. Sargones has been fired from the view effective immediately. Omega drummers for pop star Michael Jackson. Melon Dugson speaks about the night that changed everything. And as well as President Sheila Thomas calling President Bush the devil. What do you think of me? The law that had been a crush on you, I wouldn't be used to. And it's the moment where people can die hard fans have been waiting for her debut album hit swords today. If Laura Thomas and Mark Foley writing a book, the book will be about 400 pages and how long the book is but the book will be about 400 pages. And man who the real new is the Crocodile Conta was attacked by a stingray. President Bush was so angry. North Korea these told our celebrities not to adopt any children from that country. Emily Anderson and Kidrock each filed divorce positions from one another. Pretty spheres can't be better lined of words. Could get even scarier. It's a new book called If I Did It. Oh Jason's a detail how the killings would have gone down if G. Yeah, anything to do with them. My name is Bora. In my country they would go crazy. Oh, for these too. That's not my little African boy Madonna is adopting a ride with her home today. Kill with little intimidating because when he got there she was hanging out across. I'm very, very sorry to the African American community for the upset. No, I knew this will last seven lemon shells that was in the get name. This was a tour counter. Keeps her job Donald Trump this morning. Said he fully intended to fire her today but decided not to make all rich and arrested for driving under the influence. Police say she was going the wrong way. He knows the question. I mean for insight and you take a look at it. She's a slum. She talks like a Trump friend. Well, music fans around the world are dealing with a certain loss. I mean the guy call James Browns Papa. делаетiting my girl cell phone. We'll play technical help Kai nie can always quiet cry. Oh, my son. I'm dying out of the hair. Level three of somebody January 19, holy moly rat, man, it's unbelievable is what it is. 560, 560. Let's take 45,000 calls between now and two. What are you saying? Oh, right. I think it's a magnificent idea. I don't have to think. Start now. On as a matter of fact, in less than a half an hour, maybe Clarence is going to run an intersec. Oh, look at this. You guys sucked or whatever. I like that. Right. But as he so, he's such a bubbling force. Where those are numbers with those hour by hour to see if we can actually afford to go take a shower. Maybe little body wash too. We need to do that body wash pool again soon. Why? Do you think that there's anybody out there still using soap? I'm sure there are. Oh, my God. You've got to be kidding me. There are people still that will be like saying there are guys out there wearing two piece bathing suits. Well, no, I'm just saying that means soap when I would nickers man soap is older than buster brown shoes. By the way, surfers were two piece bathing suits. Well, you have a chest. That's another. That's not really a bathing suit. It's a surfing suit. It's surfing. You know, I'm really not too happy about that either. I understand. I prefer back in the day when surfers were like, you know, damn you're naked. But anyway, that's an old proverb like me. What do you expect? WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry today. I'm excellent. Excellent. Listen, I go back to Bill O'Reilly and I really hate to, you know, it's just like I don't even understand this man anymore. I mean, it's a crazy right wing or that's a positive thing. But what's what? Gene, because he possibly be thinking, attacking the shed, if it goes beyond illness at this point. Consider the source inside man culture, you know, with a crap about the quality. It can speak in speaking of the two. And I hate to do a vicious segue. But I wanted to send George a CD, but I haven't gone around to, yeah, and I know you guys are doing a my face thing. I'm going to thank you and George to check out our radio, my face, because we have a song on there called Good Day for the Media, where we rip these people a proper ass. OK, send it a little. If you can, if you can check it out to our radio, I'm not trying to do a shameless plug. I just want to say, OK, I saw I put you on there. I know you're on there. And check it out. Listen to it. I hope you guys like it. And I wish Howard G. Winron. OK, thanks, Belly. You know, and don't forget, I can't respond. I still can't respond. We're suspended. If we got suspended, the sentence there on there, because somebody made a bunch of crap who also was making a bunch of crap above being a student at Nob. And of course, I know who it is. We got a thousand one vote. Holy cow, it just turned 11 o'clock. Let me know if I have a thousand votes. That would be really great. And by the way, just FYI, only for George, inside information, one out of two, eight, man, so far this morning. Oh, right. Two, where the other one is, I don't know. But then again, that's just, you know, that's my insecure interview. We'll all right, follow the place. What? Everything will be just fine. You know, 1,000 and 4 votes on a poll. So there's like a real color. In fact, I know the allied radio guy, he's on our, like he said, he's on my space friend, which we have 1100 and a sum. They got our really good looking new weatherguards in in there. Rob Marciano couldn't hold a candle that guy. He might like to though. I can't tell you where he wanted to hold it. But he's not really close to that. But it didn't even rate. What is their deal with? Because they have generally a lot of really ugly people on CNN, which is another good reason to watch it. Yeah. But the weather guys, they got the Rob Marciano who a lot of queens were like all, all whipped up about him. You know, oh my god, Rob is so hot. No, it's he's not. He's these are. But the new guy looks a little like Rocky, it's about a year. My good friend, Stevie Bower before he, there he is. What else is this guy's name? I don't know, but take off the two. Can't let's see what you got, pal. Yeah, take that off two. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And pound five, 60, I mean Verizon, singular wireless line. WDQA and hello. Hey, Noah, I don't really do that. OK, I got an iPhone, he voiced the star. Always always start down there in the way down in the bottles of your life. There's a good idea. Reverend Schmendrick. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm just calling the, let's know that Tommy Brady is still gay. Yeah. Let me ask you how the dolphins do in the playoffs. Yeah, there he goes. Tommy Brady is still gay. Yeah. How the dolphins do in the playoffs? Luzer, Luzer, you got to coach yet. You lose your, you pathetic, tragic, tragic loser. There's nothing worse than being in the Buzer except maybe a loser. WQA and hello. I knew. I'm packing again, back from hole. He's got one phone and is by his mouth and one by his. Right, Tommy. I think the sounds were here now, the ones from the. Right, Tommy. Send. Just ask him a question. He'll tell you. WQA and hello. Yeah, everybody calls. That's right. I'm so sorry. The boy is here. One of many. And I'm hitting that thing and I'm banging on it. It hit and it's not there doing nothing. QA and hello. See, this thing's acting up again. And you want me to know why I was going fine. And then when these people started getting on a server, Guruji Taining, it started puking him back up. QA and hello. I think so too. QA and hello. Yeah, we're still waiting for you material. May God has you. I'm going to ask you. I'm going to ask you. I'm going to ask you. I was still waiting for you material. May God has you material. Yeah, man, cow. I didn't have any numbers. How come he doesn't even show up? Are you kidding? Yeah, you kidding. Yeah, let me say again. He didn't even show up. He didn't even exist. And how come you're listening to this show then? See, that's the thing that we've been practicing. Oh, the bedtime stories and all of your soul boring. And every single one of these people is glued. They wouldn't turn it off if he gave him like 45 cents. Maybe 50 cents, but not 45 cents. So you can keep playing a game and it's just so pathetic. And you know what, you know what it is? I have no line. And no material. I think that ought to be leading by a million miles. It's a good second place. It's got a shot there. I have no material. As if it's a bulletin to me as if I haven't figured that out yet. WDQA and hello. QA. Yeah. I hope that it is your cock. WDQA and hello. We are the show. You'll come on. You know how it goes. Are you really? Yeah. When's the material start? We're right in. Now was the end of it. That was his material. I was a middle-year. I thought maybe he could just muster up like an extra border to couldn't do it. WDQA and hello. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. They're good. They're good. They're the usual pathetic same crowd man. Oh man. I kissed the sun shining. I kissed the crowd. I don't care if it's minus 85 Celsius out there. Doesn't interest me in the least bit. The fact that I'm here and these people are. They're not here. They're not even close. They're far away. We're going to be safe. Brazilian mega church leader. Sonia Marales Hernandez. And Estevan Hernandez. Gilho has spent the last two decades building one of Brazil's largest evangelical empires. But. Now they're spending their time at a federal detention center in Miami. The couple was arrested to Miami International last week. The church is a currency smug. Wearing line because of his officers after US immigration and customs agents found they were carrying thousands of dollars more than the 10 grand aid declared investigators be seen. Agents found the first after bubble cash. 9 grand tucked out of the cover of Sonia's Bible. That's why she was praying on it. He had 9 grand in it. They found other bubbles. Somebody scored away in various places and put inside a CD case. And a folder jacket packed in the suitcase. And the backpack of the young son Gabriel. And the few thousand in the erectum. The grand total 56 grand as in queue 56. Isn't that grand? Yeah. The couple already under investigation by Brazil's federal organized crime unit for our charges, including tax evasion and money laundering. Presbyter over an empire of about 1200 churches in Brazil as well as TV and radio estacionies. Their reboreny cry churches considered the second largest neo-penicosal church in the country. The couples arrested St. Shockwave to the evangelical world in Brazil. And tremors to the Brazilian religious community in Florida where the couple is at least two churches. One each in dear field of the money in Orlando. One of the pastors at the dear field reboreny and Christ church in the arrest of the husband, wife known as the Apostle Esteevom. And the bishop Sonia to their faithful will part of a religious persecution. They're being persecuted. They disagree with the accusations. They have a clear conscience because they knew they're doing the work of gods had passed their Angelita Valley. The congregation here loves the Apostle in the bishop because they know they are serious people. And then none of this is true. It's not true what is happening is terrible and cruel. The star-front church at a strip mall on busy west Hills Brabill of Audis got about a hundred members of that. They said the possible fall off in the couples arrest words other Brazilian church leaders locally. This is having a big impact because everyone watches the news about them and people that don't go to church because they become scared to go. It passed us to see Lair. See Lair. I'll meet up. On the top of the first Brazilian Baptist church of south Florida. The largest Brazilian congregation in the state. A lot of ministries who are doing serious work in Florida will be affected by this site. That's interesting. Ministers who are doing serious work. Isn't that like an icy moron? Yeah. Oh, this is serious. This is serious. A lot. Aaaaaah. Oh, get cereal. Wow. Thousand and fifting votes on the poll. Let us really have a duty. And the great calls now are just this moment starting to trickle in. Two bastards. The federal government just molested the brothers. People keep fighting. Under hoodowing trittuses of the most parties, Brown offered no apologies. And mostly bring others for the default vote that caused hundreds of lives. My brown. There's no one left to blame. I said, Brown eat. You're the government. She must have said, Brown eat. Short careers up in flames. No one. I know who's or they enjoyed Bush. We better make them shut up before he says. If we should who messed up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things. I think that he should do time. He's way too dumb to run the F.B. A mate. So people die when he ran F.B. M.A. Now that everyone knows that you need a shipload. You can go back to your horse shows. Today, both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still in the federal payroll. And he can't be because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. The act of a job, Browning, how'd you make no mistake about that? 1118 at 5.60W. We had the story about Bill Orrwild. It is slime in the universe. Speaking of slime, did I mention mancoder? Yeah, you did. Well, here you go. You asked and you'd get it. Walter C.U. or Wrights on the smurcling chip. Hoover institution had from an colder school of history. Slimes the left for 9.11. I don't want all these comments back here. Stop with these pages. Oh, gee, I hate what that happens. You are still in the office. You're still in the office. Yes, well, it doesn't happen today. I'll go back to you because you don't have no thanks machine hooked up. Yeah, the audience should know that. But there's still a thanks machine that I spent the money for. They still haven't got the cable in four jerks this weekend. I started back around all over town to try to find a long enough cable to hook that baby up and to do it right. But it gas up and go for a long haul. Here it is. Oh, this is cute. Steve says, how are you doing my friend? I apologize. Have a listen for online for a while. I've got one for your pull. I have called your show and after waiting 20 minutes on hold, all I said was, my call, well, thank you, Steve. So much in back at you. I didn't like that. My call. 1,000 29 votes on the poll. And we're getting back to an encoder and other slime balls. Incredibly on January 18, 2007, the LA Times published, Dynesh disusives thoroughly biased op-ed article. How the left level is in the 9.11. Mr. disusives article is riddled with errors and also convened in omissions suggesting both ignorance and fraud that it did. Although I felt a lot to who for institution to sues a rights history, bridging by his opinion piece, is if he said it on the totalage of that historian, imbicial and coder. Remember his totalage? That was more. Ah, remember? The totalage. Consider that disusives expressed Americans to believe that they Clinton and Carter administrations made the US look like a weak attractive target for terrorists. Well, perhaps some Americans will, especially if they've never read a newspaper or history book to vote with the issue, if they've just returned from a 30 year visit to Mars, or if they're in the incompetent to the LA Times who published disusives' op-ed crap. You see, disusives who get it wrong virtually, every possible way it can be gotten wrong. Thus, when he blames President Carter for pulling the rug off from under a ran Shaw, they're by allowing the Iatolachomanian, as forces to seize power, you will not find disusive acknowledging the conclusion weeks for example by Kenneth Paul Apollek, almost said Polak. The Shaw-broke, who may never have loosened on himself at the strategic level, has many mistaken policies created tremendous animosity against the regime across the breadth of Iranian society. According to Polak, America's real policy-fader in Iran was to tire itself so tightly to the Shaw's regime. Disusives also can be neatly ignores the role of the Eisenhower administration plain engineering, the Kuhin 53, that over-through Iran's democratically elected government, a prime minister, Muhammad Mosadek. So traumatic was the Kuhin the subsequent 25 years of dictatorial rule under the Shaw that when the Shaw finally departed in 1979, many Iranian's feared petition in 1953, which was one of the motives for the student seizure of the US embassy. The Susah, I'll mention in the 53 Kuh, because he already is dismissed blowback in American colonialism as factors that might explain why the Iatolachomanica, the Great Satan. High school of students should already know these facts, but not if the idea logged as Susah's telling the story. Equally aronious in his son, his disusives claimed that thanks to Carter's role in producing Communities regime of Islamic radicalism, the way was paid for Osama and 911. Once again, the Susah conveniently overlooks the fact that it was been law and success and the success of Islamic forces in Afghanistan against the Soviet military, thanks to weapons that lie about a regular administration, then inspired him to believe that the silver-manion perilous power of the US could be defeated as well. Finally, although the Susah's corrected criticized the Clinton administration for its failure to kill Bin Laden when it had the chance, he fails to note that President Clinton I like the Bush administration prior to 911 was almost upset with needing bin Laden, notwithstanding the failures of his administration. The person to read on the subject of his Richard A. Clark against all enemies who served in both administrations not biased to Susah. Moreover, it's a matter of record that in January 2001 Clinton CIA director George Tenet briefed President-elect Bush about the threats facing America and told him that the number one threat was Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda terrorist. Yet now withstanding Tenet's warning, the Bush administration's spent the nine months between its inauguration and the 911 attacks obsessively making times to build a natural missile defense which still doesn't work and removes Saddam Hussein from power. Simply we call that the 911 Task Force National Security Advisor, Cibram, please, or rise to cancel their speech addressing need to build a national missile defense. Bush's people blew off the warnings about al-Qaeda so much so that when the National Security Council principles finally met to address al-Qaeda, the attack was just one week away. Keep in mind that numerous meetings of the NSC principles were held before 911 many of them focused on Iraq. Finally, simply we call Bush's words to Bob Woodward after 911. There was a significant difference in my attitude after 911. I was not on point but I knew bin Laden was a menace and I knew he was a problem but I didn't feel that sense of urgency and my blood was not nearly as boiling. But of course not when Europe says with missile defense in Iraq. So much less so much then for a dynasty sooses biased and infantile of certain about how the left, let us in the 911. Right, so this guy, who have an al-Qaeda, is Walter Euler. 137 on the pole, not too bad. And the phones are dead, the causes are smoking because these people want to be able to say, oh, I've called a show, actually talked to the old fart. Then they've said, what do you mean by that? 560, 50560, pound 560 they Verizon, sing it around a slime. Let's get a 4re here on this thing man. Because we're phone call intensive because the pull is about your calls. And a lot of these people, all we want to call is new. We want those calls or great, that's the bread and butter. We are the meeting potatoes. I'll tell you one thing, if we ever got any real calls. I think we had one or two today, we had the allied radio guy. Right? And I think there's one or two others, like we all people, but actually like a couple of things to say. Besides, let's do that. And then whatever else, you know. WDQA and home for the return, hello. 8.5, oh, oh. WDQA and hello. 10. Why are you doing this to me, 10. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. He just won't give it up. He won't give it up. WDQA and hello. I'm a college. WDQA and here I will retard is what you are. Luna's a good need to be strapped down and beaten with a stick. QA and hello. Hey, check the Sunstone website. They just hired my Schula for ballboy. Okay. Good news. Thank you. And well deserved by the way. Excellent. Choice. Ballboy and water boy. And he's going to be sniffing the junkstaffs at half time. 5. 6. Yeah. Better get on those websites and see if we get a new dolphin coach. I mean, what could be more important than that? And by the way, for these clowns across the street who think that they're broadcasters, which there isn't any of them who is. You know, so they had like a little, a little tick here and there and it's disout in the morning by a tenth of a point or whatever and then a little tick and they have a, they're still a little like two-s and three-s and a night less than a one-sure. They had a 0.9 at night. You know, so and that was doing the dolphin this season. That was that was their claim to fame as the fall book. I think fall is the opposite of orders and fall on their ass. Too bad you're spending all those millions Joel and yours money, daddy's money, whoever's money. This is what happens when you're up against people and they're like, like, like a play toy, you know? It's like a hobby. Not a business. It's a hobby. It's their play toy, and obviously they're playing with it. 25 past 11 over get mad dog, get 2 and then the power hour with Hank and the mad dog together between a four and five. Humper all by himself, five to 70s. Gonna work up a sweat today, lose two or three ounces. Any K, seven to ten, two nights. Friday, you best, too. Oh, ah. My daughter's skin is so beautiful. She's getting like the skeleton, yeah. My daughter's skin is so beautiful. She's getting like skeleton. Do my good food. She wants to get high, so high. She wants to drink and smoking and get thirsty, oh not it. She can stay away. Rehearsly. Oh, yeah. How did you get here? Wooo thats getting myіт That was pretty much fine. That's all about worthy playboy but taste was so important This birthday is... I don't know what so fabulous about I can feel it I can Because no one's Friday that's why I said it. Is that what it is? Yeah, and there's no such things of Friday that it's not fabulous but some more families than others Some people have to work on Saturday so I imagine not so fabulous for them Yeah, I don't think too many people were considering anymore doing sure they do they do oh Poor baby. Yeah, I remember that is I used to work on Saturday back in the INZ days I used to do a Saturday morning show all 10 to not be like this time slime or I'm sure that's no less That is correct. That's a very far-bic in a go-am ran that place actually was it was a guy Again it from Portland mean and you think the bees these are bad and believe me they are So one's parents go send me that thing before love. That's most amusing and ever heard anything like that in my life That's either a quiz we're taking a hot quiz here a QM like take a quiz pop Right you got any idea what you're doing and and and it's one and 32 where the hell is our number? Clarence by the way with choice. I have to take that quiz It was the she could even find a quiz. She couldn't find it with both hands and that's what that quiz is It's like okay, you get to choose these three answers and it's like okay Well you chose the wrong answer and this is why it's the wrong answer when you read the why it's the wrong answer It kind of fits with one of two other answers. So it's kind of like well, why was I wrong? I see some of the two have already done it. Yeah, I did it about a month or two Well, I know how did you have to do it? Well, that's right because you're sitting there with your finger on the button You got your favorite Apparently apparently I can't say everyone on air or the has to run a board has to know everything wow Heavy heavy duty, baby. These people are really on fire. They're really a serious now Right I'll believe that when I see it 155 votes on the pool. What's the main reason you've never called meal? I have called 276 I have no material to 69 no kidding Wow, you could have fooled me about that one I don't call anybody 26 I don't call anybody to oh six Too busy to wait 167. I mean, who's got time for that? I'm afraid to get ripped 65 you old man will rip me an ass in everybody So we heard the old man rip you an ass and made a full lot of you or like that, you know Just a bunch of whispers just nicks queues. I hate this pool 32 a near three percent wow I don't have a phone phoning Do you know anybody who doesn't have a phony to a cell phone or a regular phone or like a Something no Never heard a sips a thing Don't want my voice recognized 16 and in a lot of your cases I can understand why and can't call for more I'll get fired into your or something like that six. I'll get recommended and slap right in the old man for us like that 5 670 560 I'll give in the numbers out But I'm not planning on taking many calls in the near future But yeah, we're getting the so-called intensive today. Have they been really special? Oh, yeah, extra kind of like that corn. Oh, look at that There's actually a a sales thing there from your buddy branch moths. I don't know who that is well, look at that Your close buddy branch moths not to be confused with the dead today for branch moths You're a dead person in George Brian you're dead. You don't even exist Don't darken his door. Okay. Don't come by there and like a lie to him and like to his face Like that he came in here and gave me the song to dance whatever was about the crappy piece of copy and then so he replaced it with another crappy piece of copy Almost as embarrassing as the first one Really bad. What happened to him you got married? I don't know those the end his wife is wonderful Well, maybe it's a rubbing on us. Yeah, you know, there's something there that just doesn't meet you He used to be good guy. He used to be like right on top of it sold a lot of stuff on his show He serviced the account. He understood what the word copy meant. He was like a munch. He was a munch branch moths and now Boy, you don't want to know from it According to a breaking report on MSNBC Well breaking what was it breaking last night a new pedagon detaining manual could allow executions based on hearsay evidence Oh, I hear you're a bad guy. I think there you go That sounds like a weiner me under of this president We've learned the pedagon is just completely manual for coming detainee trials that were lost suspected Terrorists to be in prison to rescue to using hearsay evidence or coerced testimony Said no or odonally chief Washington correspondent friend BC news 24 our MSNBC in other words could be put to that on a hearsay Evidence say we we hear that you uh, you know stole a freight train Look at you know According to a copy of the manual obtained by the AP a terrorist suspects defense lawyer cannot reveal classified events in the person defense until the government as a chance to review it and Flarity writes for the AP News correspondent Pete Williams added that the big question before Congress is should be allowed these two types of evidence The handbook confer can forms with a law William said the handbook conforms with a law The manual sent to capital the SD and scheduled be released by the Pentagon is intended track a law passed last fall by Congress We're storing prison and Bush's plans that special military commissions try terror war prisoners Those commissions have been struck down earlier in the above Supreme Court The Pentagon angles aimed at ensuring the enemy combatants the Bush administration's term for me the terrorism suspect capture on the battlefield Our prosecuted before regularly constitute the courts Afro-toy all the judicial guarantees which are recognized by civilized people credit document as required by law the manual prohibits statements obtained by torture and Cool and human or degrading treatment is provided by the Constitution. However The law does allow statements obtained through coercive interrogation techniques if obtained before December 30, 2005 and being reliable by judge So somebody said somebody right at you out. We think you're a bad guy But I'm paying your debt. We're gonna like so get the old hangments new set again and see if your head pops off through this like a son is buddy Another day Oops, yeah, oops love 114 friends in my space aren't you impressed by that 1113 That's a I mean not impressed I should why don't I ruin my lesson why shouldn't why do I ask you that quiet on you don't press by much of any You're impressed by somebody pictures on there. Oh, yeah, that's all my when you come right down with that I don't need to go through any more of that service like you know You're good buddy Ethan there from allegedly from no It'll hide that it was me all along. I think it wise George If I George probably yeah, yeah, wouldn't surprise me. Oh, I think live with that guy. Yeah, I'm on you guys So no fool in how to make sabotage and of course when you work at you, I'm your sabotage anyway Listen, I'm just kind of like extending here a little bit because I'm wondering where the hell is all those numbers that Clarence was gonna have I know Oh, you know what happened to the installed some kind of a program and his computer that he was gonna be able to get the information I was gonna be able to download it because he's a plus and he hasn't had that which he should have had the long time ago and he's probably still trying to finger it out He's probably still trying to figure where to stick it and of course he admitted to me He's been working on it for a long time Because there's big money ride on this man. This isn't just some like ordinary you know While the ratings came in and the radio and more got a lot of funny diaries and the adiada Which we know they did see come sound of this for me Call me crazy you're crazy men 2554. Do you know any man? I mean first of all you know any You know, you don't really not really a spik anyway But you know any guys who listen to radio on more between 2554 and so it's a women station isn't correct None of the men in my family listen to that Who the hell would ever hear of I mean in my listen to radio man beer windows other militant You know hokey pokey stations, but not radio on more you know no The more I think about the more I get nauseous from it because it's just ridiculous on the face of it And I don't know they have a big number of midday, but in the afternoon they had like an eight share and man 2554 Somebody wired a lot of diaries to get that thing screwed up like that bogus But we'll do the best we can you I think you ought to send Chris in there to be him on ahead and say listen clearance if you don't cut those he told me he He'll be last night At least he's emailing me some people email me some people they like email you like friend Friendly one day and the next day they're like busy they have a life and I think well, okay? Yeah Oh man Like sure like throwing a rope to a crazy person saying hey listen jump right now. Let's see what happens Twenty before noon a QAM Why do you You You You You I would you like to have the money in a bank that he's p to wait during the course of his art And only systems. I'm just a years worth of it. How do I have the interest in the way that he's p to wait? Especially with and where's clearance with those numbers by the way the hour by hour? I don't know In other words, this is gonna be another QM production when somebody tells us to go to do something to Chris go in there and beat him up to side of the head Is he really yeah, he went out to door Chris went out to door and said hey, Claire, it's what's going on here You knew knucklehead you idiot and by the way, you'll be very pleased to know that your assignments is more. He's now complete. Oh, excellent Not beautiful it is what a project comes altogether. Well, I got to be honest I thank you for a few years from the bottom of my heart So you think that it only after 16 years you think you you know me never never made any such play. Oh well you're a little bit you think but you know In fact, it was a song you don't know me who had the right was entry veil And the tragic or record that only old people like me remember Clarence update he's an I'm meeting with Craig mission one or two other people in the other studio right now Mitch Marsh well, what's that what does that got to do with getting us those hour hourly numbers? That's just to do with something much more important Oh, I'm sorry sports sports By the way, so that's just a little closer than often and just like Philadelphia That's correct What is that who say I know what you were thinking of them like a bubbly Who that is not your reveal? I wonder if Jerry Vail is still alive, but you don't know me today in Pruter Canadian Krueger sounds like a cannot he sounds like a twin of Anne Murray only not his book Really great Charles did the self-co. You don't know me. Oh That's Ray Charles and you don't know me. I can tell I know Is it I hear it and I know is it And I was good. He did that good. I like Ray Charles. He was good. He's better than not better in James Brown Now maybe I wouldn't you think they're gonna make a movie about James Brown and Brown and Brown starring Jamie Foxx Well, somebody suggested one of my close best personal friends in the universe suggested we should add to the pool I remember what he said Color shy Okay, I'm shy Yeah, I'm shy as in shy leavey I'm shy No, he said he would never call any show and he listens like 15 and 16 and 25 30 hours a day But nevertheless And there was another one. I and how about also adding on there? I'm a listener not a caller. How's that okay? Isn't that good? Sure See those are the people where we respect the people we love like crazy the listening I thought we don't like the colors if they have something to say And if I live long enough, maybe we'll get one again someday. Now we even had a couple and the L.I. radio people put their thing on her I think we're gonna be okay But anyway, what you did for me this morning I'm not gonna go into the air was a very nice gesture and did a lot of work and they you know I'm gonna send you something to mail all your sweet. I didn't say money I didn't expect it But then you've done more for me than I could ever do if I lived longer than you oh Why do you say such great? If you could have heard when you were on vacation and it was back when I was talking about the wheel and all this other cramp And all these people calling it very well meaning telling me oh, you've got to put George in your will Well, they're nice to know which I think I should wouldn't be a nice dish. What do you think Chris? I'm not talking about like a zillion dollars, but I'm just saying you know about 30 Maybe a little more than that Now that I'm getting you know to the point where I'm not I don't think I'm close to this in fact I feel pretty good. I sound great No, seriously when you get to be this age you come in the morning when I talk to you I wonder GM I gonna sound like human in a live today or what listen when you croak at the age of a hundred what I'm about 70 years old My parents made it 90 plus sometimes When I'm 70 fish and buy a pond in North Carolina somewhere it'll be nice to get non-beloping Yeah, there you go. See what the old man croak. Can you let you like a you know hundred thousand Well, I'm a new set of dentures with it. There you go No, seriously, I think what I should do is by the time I accumulate all those Indians a dollars when I do return about 20 years is Like take a chunk and set it aside for people that you know are gonna be like equal partners with my real close Wonderful friends including my newest ones, but they're right No seriously you did a very nice thing I can't tell you on you what it was but you're doing a wonderful thing And it's a paid off a hundred percent and Everybody involved. I'm just I don't know if I was always like this, you know I'm a sentimental old fool. Maybe that's why that expression can't go I'm a sentimental when will Like it always said you were told softy I am I am and I tell that to people when I talk behind your back Yeah, I know I said underneath that heart and I'm like I'm like this old one year one thing that some of these people are discovering the this my space experiences That when I take a liking to somebody Which it was there are just aren't that many people. I mean, you know most of the people on my space have been very nice I say like 98 percent of them really super duper And I respond and I it's frustrating. I can't respond because of that You know game that lunatic played the other day, but there listen there's some people spend their whole lives being lunatic And it's just the way they are But when I take a liking to somebody and I mean really I just I like them you know what I mean? Yeah a lot Right, I know that sounds it sounds awfully gay. Yeah. I want to huh? Yeah, we've come to expect you know gay It has nothing to do with gay. Okay, okay, okay Okay, it's nothing to do with that you're fairy gay and unusual archaeological site discovered in Furus mountains may have all closed in the history of the check-up for you people Give me hear that you're the intellectual on the moron. Yeah, no, I've never heard of them No one is cloud warriors who fought the ink and part before the Spanish conquest Keep musk it and by the way, are you gonna tell me explain to me because I'm you know your daughter Well was an exchange student Japan you know the daughter that that phony a fancier was high to see the other right And so you're into that whole Japanese thing and evidently somebody else out there is turning Japanese so it's big And you can explain that anime thing to me because I'm not you know so far out of my league, you know Right anyway, I'll get back to the other I'm I'm just so you can think about it. You make up some stuff and pretending or something about it. I do well good Keith Musket a British boy and chapachachia play a researcher was He's the check-up play researcher with the University of California Santa Cruz said the other day He was strikingly and the site was strikingly and now it was because of its size shape and wrote location and the dense forest fullest fighter monkeys in two cans And there's a picture here They tapped a boy a civilization on for its mountain top sit-edits and up is over mummies and there's a picture of a mummy Oh my god take a look at mummy in fact. That could be my mummy right now. She ain't probably looking to good The unfortified possibly ceremonial structure is looking in an area previously considered on the periphery of the Traitor played domain in the upper Amazon region. This is a lemma for who and actually my very close flip personal friend here in Toronto is a half-proven and Had to look pino. How do you like that? Interesting combination in it Yeah, it is yeah, he's a good guy great guy What did it see? I'm not really such a hard ass. Some of you people out there. I'm just an old softie like you said I'm just a wonderful guy and I just you know shower affection on people that you know deserve it Which in your case what I show in is that we don't really know what their territory was he told what is the place where The Runes were discovered have been considered a buffer zone between the island check-up for you And the travel cultures of the Amazon basin It is certainly not a fortress so either the check-up boys territory are standing for the Easter They relied more cooperation than conflict with their neighbors. What would that be nice more cooperation conflict with their neighbors instead of killing your neighbors That's that's the history of the freaking human race man. It's a disgrace the human race I mean there's those of us like like those people listening right now and you and me and Chris and the a few other people Josh That's not Josh Dero Josh court. You know nice people great and some of my online friends here nice people And of course there's the rest of the human race miserable especially the more far vision the religious nuts Like that Had too many as Florida police for a ride this one says shallama or Florida. We're gonna hell a shallama Are you gonna tell me about after the break you all after the top of the y'all about anime? Okay, you're gonna educate me Okay, well, no seriously if you're gonna confabili people who are interested in something And you ought to find out what that is you're gonna be bored. You know, but yeah, I'll do it anyway. You think I'll be bored? Maybe you'll you tell me. I don't know It's fancy Japanese cartoons bed No, don't be saying that that's a terrible I said a lot. It's just You went to the trouble or whatever you set out the other day and you got a nice response and thank you so very much any idea We happen to be nice people on this show and those of you on a mice based and you're discovering and once I get that that we get off Probation on there if that ever happens. I will continue responding to everybody Yeah, I wouldn't and I'll delete anybody who looks like another game player because I'm not gonna get sucked into that crap again You should pardon the expression. It's just what's the point? But you just seriously, I'm not you know me. I'm not digging the ass kissing although I've been doing a lot of it lately myself through other people, but that's okay. I just don't like people kiss in my ass Because you know when you do that. Oh Larry you show is wonderful. I mean, thank you. Thank you. Thank you You know, I like crap. It's just so ponderous and boring. I'd rather have the confrontation. I'm talking about on the air Like that. Yeah, and of course in this market you get it Shall I mark Florida residents in this panhandle town can call the police for ride home if they have had too many drinks? The new service was posted the towns online newsletter January 2 and quarter the Northwest Florida Daily News The shell and our police will take residence who are too drunk to drive home as far as 25 miles away Isn't that nice? Where'd it have the shell and more anybody know shot our floor right now? Never heard of it. I've heard of a chamomile mending thing and Vingdong Some other people does the years these thing and the police were talking Ramile mending dong What is that? Shall I look? Why do we just on New Year's Eve's at Tom Burns the Tom Manager? We've got the capability to probably do it year round in shell and more Well the Northwest Florida Daily News that should be like a hint to you right there Northwest Florida. Maybe up in the panhandle baby Burns said the guidelines for the program are still loose and Could be changed over time you said police will have to use comments since if someone seems to be taking advantage of the service and using it like it's a limo service Something like that Police chief John E. Cash. Isn't that a great name? It's been officially John. You can't I deserve it. I was suffering a similar service at least in the holiday season. We're going above and beyond that He said I don't I don't think a lot of agencies do it so if you want to get the police Take really good care of you and go out and get plaster That's take you right home wherever you want to go to take it to the strip joint and they'll give you right in shell I'm all everybody moved to shell a mark Look at that Larry King another show on the kid that team now the only reason I read that survey because it ripped your body a well-deserved ass Right But other than that 157 a QM don't forget the mad dog a full-way twerk Because it easily we believe in honest days work for an honest days pay This is a chamey I like to relax by having a miracle and massage my balls while listening to the meal rotters Well, the one hour You know something I just I didn't like the damn thing down to all Why just I get excited I'm emotional fast I'm gonna give you a note Not me Oh We're about 10 years too late. Yeah, that's one thing for great 15 was president Okay, was innocent but we could still see friends and be the same but It's really at an intern and there was no fan yet Never heard about been rotten What's good was always in the black we still care about the ton of and not about seeing good times And all that freak you saying Yeah, you could take your big like it with that from God No You I Or A Forhn We're gonna go for a ride up and with me They beat the pants up, written in We still have some easers But also there was weasor and we had so fee We Hawkins Yes, he was comfort cockin I wonder if she survived that 19 1995 Oh Then he had a clothes call And there's his side you ball Two first reach car one way with the girl From King's Uncle Nude All right, that's a door She was looking for a maid of time a day She says, it's was made in a wage She was gonna be a nastro Just right couldn't read They've got a plantation and got a monarchy She thought that after all Was he gonna be But she knows that nothing Nothing's nothing has been all right Since our children and children We've been working every child's interest We've been friends We've been in war stupid There were still TV And no I love this scene She's still pretty occupied 19 19 19 I have to say If I could sing it a fight It's always been like, well I had a pot to go now And the weather's burning white And the winter water's 16, I get it all I get something I didn't put it in my mind She knows all the plastic She knows every line She puts on with the wind Drinking Omnicky fin She did the jarl's turn To do gallington Or hire a mudwood girl And drunk her broken bar She'd boil it up there Like a fatter Because of her evasion she could have no maker She'd got the cow in show Like children weaves to you She'd never have been to having Say, oh boy, I thought second I don't know who's hurt She knows how children and children We've been working every child's interest But you've got a red lady It was over There was a TV And no I love you She's all so free I can't see I can't see I can't see I can't see I'm dying on the hand Come on forward five, six, two Nobody can hear those numbers from Clarice now Are we going to have them? No, you gotta be kidding me Listen I'm listening Get back in the back seat Were you belong Mr. Updine Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Only if I can take somebody in a back seat With me What are how my friend Mark is doing? The soccer player here Are you a back seat driver? I'm a back seat I'm driving it I'm not going to lead me there Okay, I'm not going to go into a discussion Of such a ridiculous So I'm way out of my league Believe me No interest Trust me I already told you that So anyway, here's a message from your You're in my close personal friend Who says Michael Bublé is the Schmidt You should download this stuff If you like, so not just down stuff And he's a pretty young hotty too You do that research You do that research Ah man Come on Coming from my extremely 4% heterosexual friend That's mostly music You see the impact I have on people Because they loosen up a little bit You know, see it goes to show you That their guys can't admit that they recognize If they're some other, you know With all the old year Yeah, you're a Faggot That's a music Swing with Uncle Bublé I never heard of me either In fact, I would have said boobl When you were being buggy Yeah, Michael Bublé So anyway, you're going to tell me about anime Now we're all going to learn about this Oh boy Summoning to like, well I don't know It's not sure Yeah, it's hot Well, you know, there's an hot What's so hot about it All right, you got cartoons We got 119 votes by the way for the poll Countries not bad Go ahead Anime generally speaking refers to Japanese cartoons And whereas in the rest of the world cartoons were for kids With the notable exception of possibly Disney movies Which are still also for kids Most countries including this one Don't take cartoon seriously As into really make good cartoons for adults Or for kids but seriously But the Japanese did for some reason So Japanese cartoons, aka anime They have a lot of them And they're good And they're serious And they're violent They've got sexual stuff And then they just have a lot of material over there And generally have sexual stuff They're run the gamut In other words The kind of material That you would expect to see Only like in movie types They animate every kind of story line Tragedy demons raping things The sky's the limit And they have a lot of it And it tends to be very But whatever It's just a kind of a thing that a real Pervot wouldn't join I'm certain it's just I'm certain it's a full spectrum thing But they take their animation seriously And that's why it's good I see It's just a notch above What do you do? You buy the sun TV The TV show Yeah I mean it's just Japanese cartoons So they have Japanese anime TV shows, movies But it's in Japanese language, right? But yeah, but usually Sometimes Usually it gets subtitled And or dubbed over for Read release over here I see Well that sounds A very nice At least not in Spanish anyway I'm going to have to try to watch the boring thing And overlook Because yeah I understand that The thing is at the beginning They're setting it up What's he set up on Tane and sure is He's having this adventure In America But then he starts playing Pranks on all these Unsusfecting people And that What's funny It's not so much what he does Or says but what he gets Other people to do and say And they make fools of themselves Nice Yeah I see Why do you know me? I got to keep up Now being the daughter of a old friend That's why I am Stay current Pops Yeah I got news for I'm living in a place It's like a hundred years ahead Light years ahead Over your ass is stuck And you know that But because of what you did for me This month a little I was just a little project that I had George take care of And because you did that I'm going to This weekend Sending out for you And our good buddy Josh Cortis Because he still do an hour Chris nothing for you But Not yet I'm used to it's okay He's not playing as does No first of all Why would I send Chris money I know he's ugly Oh no that's kind of You think that I took care of all that's bad You think I'm sending you money Cause you're cute Because I got to hold on to you Oh Jesus God Oh he's tell people that What That you know people accuse you of Like me because Cause you're cute Cause I said no no no I said nothing because you've heard of Chris For it's probably If I were to I wouldn't have to work for a living I'm doing it because I'm a very appreciative Nice guy because I'm right in a couple of Boxing because and because we got some bonus money Coming we might find out how much we got Holding right there is ever gets out of Stupid mishmised meaning And deciding what to tell us the Sports or the bread and butter of this radio station Well guess what There's going to be a lot of people starving pretty soon Based on those numbers I saw yesterday And here's another pull suggestion from our We've got a new guy He's a good one We've never done this before Who poses a greater threat to the human Jean pool. This is good. The average New Roger show collar. The average My wife sports show collar. The average American Idol consistent or the average American Idol viewer. How about people that are watching Dancing with a tharth? I've never watched I see the Blurbs about it on there but I wouldn't Watch two seconds of it. But I mean That to me is just yeah It's like a struggle for watching people play poker Ooh For some reason that just And also the other day on woodbion Wednesday So I had to solve it So many Chinese people I love their Gamble man they all got big bucks I don't know where to get it from And don't even speculate but they love They're gambling but they also are A little socially challenged In other words they do things that are just Bizarre like they'll stand almost on your Shoter behind you watching you play your My Sheenman. I don't want somebody standing over my Shoter. I'm working my my Sheenman You know what I'm saying? Go watch somebody else's Sheen and get the law off my back And of course tomorrow is WS which is woodbion Saturday When if we next have an like a back to back winners That would be TJX companies operators of TJMax and Marshall's discount stores An ounce of Wednesday's computer system was Hank late last year in customer information stolen Consumers who have shopped stores in 2000s and between May and December of 2006 Our urge to check their credit card same It's in banking council run authorized charges The fullest end of the theft is still unknown but the Hanker has started the portion of the computer network Continuing customer data such as credit and debit card numbers And checking information the company said In date and borrowed counties the company operates 10 TJMax stores four home goods stores and about 60 Marshall's outlets In this NTTJMax and Marshall's they neglected from the company's home goods and AJ rights stores new S and Puerto Rico and winners in home Sends stores in Canada may have also been stolen Winners and home cents in Canada may have also been stolen Winners and home cents in Canada may have never heard either one of them I guess that's one of the disadvantages of not having a car here Yeah, I've been here almost Almost five years have been doing shows here Right and yet in spite of that and not having a car and having my regular camp guy It takes me to wood blind in the airport and pretty much that's it I know we need no this city I mean when you live in the downtown area like in a high rise in the big city I mean you recognize a lot of the regular people in your neighborhood You know the drag cleaning lady in the convenience store lady and all these other people And the people in your building a lot of me see out on the streets But you just if you don't have a car you don't really To explore the city which probably is just as well I don't want to be driving around just as many crazy people here as the I know you can always run a car for the weekend and go exploring if you've ever got a hair And go exploring why that's just it that's what exploring is all about We just start driving driving around see what's around You get lost out there. Yeah exactly thanks. I'll pass it. Pass a I don't I don't really know Missed I do enjoy what I'm down there. I drive in my vet. I do like that. Although you know it is soft floor. Oh, but I was used to it. No I know the company The company said identified certain consumers whose information is been removed from the computer system And the supply and the data the credit card companies the company said and also said that identified Individuals whose drivers license numbers have been stolen and was in the process of contacting these people directly TJ S operates 826 TJ next stores 751 marshals 271 homewood stores and How many hundred and six to AJ rights or is 36 Bob's tourist traffic companies well stores and Canada and Europe a Canada and you I'll tell you one thing before you die you'll get to Europe before you die. It's on the list I'm just telling it better be near the top of the list. It's very close to the very very urgent Priority for everybody. Anybody that wants to travel get you an a passport and Tony your office where it's at Whatever you like you know longer to Spain speak in a panic pick it up on and you won't I don't really know and Madrid They really speak like oh, yeah, I'll just talk with speak Spanish with a lift. Yeah, I got a you I say today it's a new stand when I went to Madrid and the guys much as crafty if and I thought oh my god You're fair it's the first thing I thought I was thinking about Michael Boobley see 1120 votes and a poll only one says I'm shy who would be too shy to make a call I Day you best day There will food and record administration is joining investigation that you call I operate at Taco Bell No, where's the E. Call now work the majority of victims ate at Taco Bell Well, I drove down to get a being bull reasons Taco Bell was calling out to me Tell like I was shot with a toy And then I got explosive number me Then my through I And I Through It's my I Oh I I Was With And I I Twenty one and five six and I'll see is that also on the assurber that I have to fill out the questionnaire the quiz whatever that is I don't know is that a part of pop quiz I don't remember what was on it. Oh, so you already took it on yes, sir And now is this is just something that you pass or you fail on me. What does it mean? I don't understand I was just an educational. Yeah, you're supposed to learn and you're supposed to think but it's like a couple questions where what's the maximum the radio station be find You know by the SEC well, I I'm not my person 80 trillion Probably for that pornographic No punches pood show there on a weekend no punches pood on by the way the guy the poor vet guy who said he could listen to they and had be birthday And I should play these cities 46 one of my course sponsor on my space. He thinks he's stuffed me I tried to respond to the guy, but he doesn't I can't answer a minute I try to play a smart you because I can't send out any messages Darrell's similar as what you're looking for got 10 points and I saw that game. Darrell's similar Pretty Toronto make believes. I just mentioned it in passing. I wonder if he leaves Panthers game is on the replay here Orcillus, but the quote Otica lost he got a piece of him and from pop put the hall in that lead pass it comes to several My close personal friend the great Joe Bowen the very best in the universe how's it going? And AJ oh lose an answer to a man. I'm worried about him He's another one just blowing up like somebody stuck up bicycle pumping his neck but anyways, good guy and great It leaves beat the apathas between the astane the macaroon and any hockey interest out there at all Iranian troops have shot down the US pilotless pipeline recently at a many lot maker announced Tuesday as the Islamic Republic was facing increasing military pressure from its arch rival the USA Oh, I'm Tonya. We just want we need balls man. We got Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reed Wimps. We got Wimps, baby Your craft was brought down when it was trying to cross the borders during the last few days Sajed and Azam Mola Hoviza Schwartz. I remember the problem I was quoted by the local far far news agency as saying There's some names that he just yeah, I just love Schwartz is one of them Schwartz Schwartz The lawmaker gave no exact end of the shooting down many of the details about the incident He said the US sends such five runs to the region every now and then and every now and then But I think they decided shoot one down just to show another bunch of whims like Nancy Pelosi The announcement came to mind reports that the US is increasingly flexing its muscle Counter-rands growing regional assertiveness and poor more pressure I'm to ran over its controversial nuclear programs where as you're leading with say nuclear you're a fearless leader And a few out there who voted for him. We're gonna come in to beat the crap audio Oh look at this gay edge governor's wife rice well as nobody cares about the we're gonna you know attack Iran all other stuff And he is really is gonna like a new command and stuff like that why should we we were worried about that by the way Preliminary numbers coming at your right now Really and and what do you have it ever does anything out yet? I just stuck right in the machine What do you have an average in all year? Clearly he had a be a piece of paper. I stuck it in the machine post-paste I see well I can do that but I The estranged wife a former New Jersey governor James McGreetie who in 2004 stunned the nation by announcing he was gay and resigning from orifice is writing in a memoir Dean and Matt was McGreetie Simon partners kids will be published this ring by high-purity in books I've had a lot of requests for interviews and appearances, but I thought it best for my daughter jackload of myself to say I'll be public mail-strom Diana McGreetie said the statement released there was a lot of hyper in but two years have passed I'm still the subject of must-speculation speculation as the nature of my rapid relationship with my husband enough as enough with her gay husband well I take it one thing those numbers are coming very slowly 6.9 but we don't know what the other people have yet because it's just so we had a 6 point round We had them there a 7-year I said 7 so I was wrong. Oh, we I'm gonna tell you something So we ought to be pretty damn proud of that in a book where first of all the Spanish language music stations had this gigantic bogus They got all the diaries and Number two the rest of the station was I don't want to be on kind James McGreetie's memoir the confession came out nice fall He wrote in the book that he was forced to quit after a man. He loved threatened to reveal his homosexuality unless he was paid millions to say quiet See I'm gonna if there's nothing else that I accomplish here between now and 100 years when I finally a croaker hang it up I'm gonna I'm gonna teach people out there that you can love someone I mean anybody should know that there are people love their father Sure, right? Yeah, right? Yes love their uncle love their cousins correct So why is it so just because somebody like me there's a different thing of love that is correct very well said Of course I said the same thing, but you just said it in such a way So emotional a lot of must have heard somebody else say so where did you get to 69? I averaged out our your over that yeah, well look at this wait wait till I read these numbers after the break man Everybody get on the edge of your seat and find the R by ours. We we did outstanding they ought to be sending me a check for like 20 million dollars right now Cal bills WB facts and says it's been explained to me. There's an historical basis for Chinese people to hang on the shoulder and hover over gamblers and casinos It seems that like in places in Hong Kong and Macau The native indigenous folks were barred from sitting at the gaming tables. It was a former racism by the brits How were they were allowed to stand behind the seated white gamblers and toss bets on the table? They're also the ones who made the occasional disruptive better table immediately walk away Real pains in the ass. It was quite evident over the Bahamas years ago when the cruise ships and air drunkards swept up a contingent Chinese folks For not<|pl|> gambling they would drive you nuts PS for the pool how about I'm a fact you're not a caller actually on WB we liked it WB because the Tom swalleng is on it Tom whaling is swalleng he's looking good these days by the last saw couple of small bills lately by accident I mean I got away from what was the reason I got away from it? I don't know I don't know you got bored with it. Is that what it is that wasn't very good? And then when we stopped watching it everybody said oh, it's got really good Yeah, I don't think so in that question time started rubbing Lex Luthers bald spot loss The people that brought you the biggest loser presents the latest celebrity reality sensation the biggest celebrity loser Hi, I'm Carolyn Ray my career is an exaction fire, but I'm an a-lice or compared to these labs the biggest celebrity loser isn't just about weight loss It's about loss fame and fame that shouldn't have been there in the first place Okay, let's meet our contestants routine. Yo yo. I'm Kevin Zedaline aka K. K. Fed aka a form a Mr. Brin Spees Hi, I'm the quality love the drink. Hey, I'm Dustin Diamond screech on say by the bell and I'm currently starring in an adult film that no one wants to see All righty now the renty I'm Michael Richard's eyes to be on side build now. I appear and wait So I'm Janice Dickinson the world's first super big shiny bondu I'm off my rocker and on steroids what the competition begin? They're all losers. They're all celebrities kind of but only one will become the biggest celebrity loser Oh, yeah, I'm proud loud and proud out loud 1232 at 560 and here's some bad news investigators have tried to figure out what caused a ceiling a pump and a park to collapse at 11 o'clock this morning We're using thermal imaging equipment to see if there's anyone under the rubble Said Sandra King spokesman for the spokesman for the company to be its fire department late this morning Investigators hadn't found anybody injured thanks God Materials fell from the ceiling king said but couldn't give any more details earlier This month the oligore breed were seen with the Palabino Beach track received its state slots license Receano managers hope to open by the end of March. I'll be there looking for a good machine Mine company has been worth $150 million on construction of the facility which owned food for restaurants and a poker room at Competo Receiving dramatists the aftermath of a still from Katrina even all this time later. You think it's possible It's possible, but I'm like yeah, in other words, you think I'm crazy. You think I'm most and again back to the Greating book Now look at that The big rock solid oh From five to six in the morning had a 1.4 share and from six to seven. I'll see what time are Kenny bow on that's right He's on five to seven from six to seven had a one one Ooh, maybe he's not his rock solid thought From seven eight Kenny in the bow the morning show had a 2.9 share See in those people are one of these numbers and you'll keep talking about when he talks about these ratings all the time It's a share of how many people are listening At that moment, that's right seven a way day and they had a 2.9 share now see wouldn't it be nice if we also had the essence There's so upset for the cross-to-sweet people had those numbers too, but this is all he gave you. I'm sure they're cooking on He I just went to the bathroom and he's working on getting more stuff Especially that other sheet, which will determine how much money we get And I have everything crossed and I have a dance on queueed up just in case. Oh, everybody say I've rocked up for us. Okay Can I finish reading these numbers? Please out my interrupting myself? 7 a way day in 2.9 for Rekinney and both and they had a 2.5 a day to clock that a 2.7 to 9 pretty consistent Not exciting but consistent pretty Then we go from a 2.7 on their show at 90. I'm our first hour. We have a 6.7 Holy moly, right man We stand out above in fact this graph in order to show us the looks like somebody's flipping the bird there It's like somebody's flipping up there index right through the middle of the night flipping the bird to the rest of the world We got a 6 7 and 10 let it clock a 7.3 share right 12 o'clock We got a 7 point oh and then at one to two we got a 6.6 and then of course and noon to two those last two hours up against rush rush I bet you we kicked this answer again. We nice to see what the other station did too Rival D and waxy and Then a two o'clock we dropped down to a 3 one Only or something that's that's good so I was you figure we have a 6 9 I average that's not good for us that that is what we have there because I averaged up those four hours But it might they might round out to a 7 though you never know Because it doesn't know it doesn't always come out the number doesn't come out is what you think all you my calculator my Cocker later so Mad dog a 3 1 and then a 2 3 a 3 o'clock. Oh, what's going on there man? I think we don't ourselves a deep hole there and now he's gonna have to dig a sound of it Get that shovel up man dog 2 3 a 3 o'clock minute four o'clock that big power hour up to a 3 7 the Humphorite five is got a 4 6 nice going Humphor man And then 6 to 7 it's the one for us because mostly in it is panther stuff in here or non-hank stuff, you know Fill it is that a good excuse? Okay sure and one I time you don't want to know too Not good but that is really another feather in our clamp a crap snap crack Yeah That is pretty amazing so so we're still waiting for the rest of it. This is promising and then I think got the maximizer and the Minimizer and the synthesizer. They got all in Clarence's equipment there in his piece I'm working on getting these numbers which would do of course not the audience probably didn't care all that much But it would be really nice to be able to play that thing which we usually do I do when When the thing is in his wired as it seems to be now It's always worried that we still write you on more all you a young guys listen to the radio on more my hands So my Michael Budley is an out of bed looking guy and the pictures weren't very good So let me come in my close personal friend on his excellent tasty and I'll talk with you guys Yeah, I'm not bad but if he sounds like an offer you know who else is? Sounds like an offer a little bit the same kind of cornball music or a guy from there On a junior mass the one very good. How do you know that? Because everybody always compares him to Sinatra and I say that's not a good thing Exactly free to one of them right well some better thing for Harry cuz he's still alive But anyway, heard kind of tuned it that kind of music just leaves me asleep. Yeah, but I'll see. I'll check it out I'll check it out. In fact I'll check that out while you're checking out anime and you think I would should go out and buy one of those DBVs Oh, no, no, no, no, no Myself my daughter and everybody know we have lots of anime. I'll try to find something that I think you might be right I'll check you back in a quarter couple of bucks to go out and check that thing out He's got an awfully smuggler kind of space clearance while he's handling me these numbers All right, woo Holy moly, Batman now there's a party in my pants. I'm gonna say that. Yeah Holy moly digging here. Hold the buzz in the dance Now I can go to woodbinding. I'm wearing reading a good time I can I can tundered no pressure baby That is me They're a parish it to come in and kiss you right on the ass. You should kiss you all over your body This is special close I'm right Yeah, I'm expecting emails from Joe Bow Bruce Boosley Joyce I already got one from Loma. I don't care about repretting This is Joe, don't mind you see my secure about your friend You pick good I'm just fine. So happy I mean, too for more reasons in just that. I'm telling you man. What did I say to the day my life has turned to corner? It really has it's by the some people out there trying to like destroy it and ruin it and make me miserable Yeah, by the way Brandon hands off hands off the goods But oh, he just a wise a pretty good guy Be just a little bit of a wise ass, you know, don't mess with any of my my friends I'll have the chain game come to your house and chain you to the wall. You'd probably enjoy it though So that is a real feather in everybody's a clap. No, in fact Let's get the clap right. Let's hear it as an hero. You show. I think we ought to really Because the center of the whole station got we need a hold. We got a host job and you send it I'm gonna use your buddy Larry house when Larry King live continue. I'm wrecking live. How can you tell? Don't look live to me Okay, let me reach back here and see what it is. Here's a good news Oh, here's oh, he sent me you for all the day for it. So I'll see that for a minute. That's good nice nice work clearance I love you baby. I see I'm saying that and he knows it's a pilot crap I don't have anything personal against clearance. I mean he never stole a free transfer just that on a professional side He's you know, he's got some work to do He's got a little bit of work to do Let's see how that pull is coming okay. Let's get back to the show and not just how much bonus money George and you are gonna Yeah, right Let's get back to things that are really important Okay, let's put on one of them tapes so I can go out and The bills Well, I got I got a better idea since we're so immersed in the numbers here. Let's just yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, well, you know, he's been on there. We do those bedtime stories and of course all that my space stuff and his his psychosis With the other was Jacob and then it was and you know, and then of course that Ethan phony Well, only business that's okay. I got my buddies on there. Okay. My life is sweet right now Instead of just fainting people on there My life and of course what you did this morning. I don't have to send you that check Oh, no, no, I'm getting this big bonus check. I can say somebody else. Yeah, there you go I want to am it Boy, oh brother. What a life man. What a life Well thanks to a transfer of a job, so he had a Schmidt even when I was face when I came here and looking all like like with his best poker face So that I could yeah, you know, you know, I know not a good face read or anyway Really I heard I heard that my parents give a good face That's why he handed me the numbers and said go buy yourself something nice. Well, it's next week That people give with the gas that we sold him first time a crescer nation and they only want that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea The nuclear toast in heaven right we is really good over and over into our hits Very right as of 3000 people who are not forgotten let's exploit him instead And hey, there's oil to be content. Going after, said Tom to, Planked Ato's Sama, There's no longer mention of, But they've been ladded, But no, and seek concern, dull, Afeigh and complacency, Believe in every word of this cartelid ministry. Black controls us by fear through VDM manipulation, And a right wing is drilling it over and over it, To our heads, and I beg, and so, Weapons of Master's Direction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash-croft is saying, I have nothing to hide, Table-talkers always say, But I know BDM handled on earth, And the reservation, How don't we go to battle it, We're a good violation, Old regime must fall, And how the virgin is still, With no objection at all, Tell the crap don't have the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over it, To our parade, wash, and act, And drag as a weapon to pass this direction, Only I drag as a weapon to pass this direction, I think you want to send a little number to check an act too, They're giving a little bit of bonus. Yes, I think you should. You think I should? Well, excuse us, Joseph, and I, Joseph is pretty ass, I, I like what I mean. But you're pretty, what do we need every week, I buy lunch. Well, good for you. That's a nice, an nice act of kind isn't generosity. He deserves much more than that, but he is actually giving you, He is an unsung hero. I just want him to know how much I appreciate him. I'll tell you that. That's for Boca Brine, right on his bald spot. He is a pretty good soldier in the genius. He really is. Yeah, yeah. And then that particular bit, I still see that, It can be what machine is the national anthem. Right there. Never, never got to, I agree. But anyway, it's not even close. Look at that. We're number one, dammit. We relatively speaking, it's not like by a tenth of a point or something like that. We're Steve Dunbai. Well, let's look at these numbers in here and for the already audience out there, I want to know who's done first and who's done what? And I know he's got the longest facts I've ever seen in my life. I'm going to say to you, normally I don't send along facts as of this nature. Really? This one just happened to be funny. Okay, but you're not going to tell me what it is. It's just right. It's for when it comes off of my she-man. Okay, people send me facts and say nice things about me and I appreciate that. But they go right into the garbage because you know, what are you going to do with that? Yeah, but this one opens to be funny. Is it nice? Nice. It's very nice and I got a chuckle, so. It's not just nice. It's a good nice. Oh, yeah. Well, that's good. Anyway, let's see, five to seven in the morning. Nobody's awake at those hours anyway. How well five beats the crowd? That's the hardest working guy in show biz. What's his name? The Lean Mean Grill Machine. What's that, guys? Time to go. I was going to say Ron Popeel. You know, in Ron Popeel is not the Lean Mean Grill Torment. George Torment is your rich foreman. No, it's time to join the hardest working fly boy in my duck. Whatever. That's the hardest working man in show biz. It is. Sounds like a racial thing to me. WSDJ is number two in a five to seven slot. A radio on more who had a totally bow is. Can you imagine a number that we would have had if it would have been for a radio on more? Which they should have a cropped. I don't know why I do like this. It's still. Even with this fat ass. I think he lost care. Let's see. Here's this is from the, oh, I see. Palm Beach Travelmaker. Danny says, Neil, but you know I love you. But the fact is you just don't appreciate George. You guys didn't realize how talented he is on the air. But you do. Here's to guys who's always there for you and tell you, well spoken. Trying to raise two girls in a wife. Cut loose with a couple of grand at least. And quit being so hebish. Oh, brother. I could have been. And you will attest to this. I could be one of the most generous people in the base of the earth. Maybe he met Peabish. Yeah, Peabish my ass. Okay. I got your Peabish over here. You should hear come the, uh, monthly. No, okay. Just relax. But isn't that isn't that a, a poke in my eye? I am sending him a couple of grand's of matter. In fact, I'd like that. You must be reading your mind. Uh, yeah, he's reading my mind. In fact, read your mind. You're all business. Uh-huh. Now, let's see. How about Wassy? The wins WI and Z. What's used to be the callers? Now, it's square America. I don't know what they do with that hour the morning. They had a, uh, very weak 1.9 early in the morning. But I don't even see us on there. Wassy 1.5. Where does Q.I.M.? What day part you at the morning? Five to seven in the morning. Do we even, over there, we're on the year? 25. Oh, why she's got a 1.5. We got a 1.2. So they be, so there you go. Joel, there's a feather in your calf. You jackass. You'd be this five to seven in the morning. What'd be do? Woo. And then, right here, a more from seven to ten the morning is number one again. Totally boba. This will never happen again. Probably all their employees got the diaries. Big is got a seven one. A more nice one. They're Paul and old Ronnie with your, uh, a stool and material. And by the way, it's, uh, getting cloudy here in the chilly. W.S.D.J. Six four. Let's see. In fact, there are time for number one. I'll write you a more in the big in a more in 7.1. Sure. A radio hitmo. Wassy has got a 2.8 Q.I.M. A 2.7. So with no, as Nippetuck is, uh, Kenny and Bo. Kenny toast. In fact, that's going to be our pull question. Is Kenny toast? He seems like a really good guy, you know? Yes, he does. I never met him. I see that. That's the thing. You met him in a Batroom? Well, that's where we see each other, you know? Yeah. And, uh, and he, uh, and he, uh, He's very polite. Yeah, he doesn't. Well, he's very polite. Well, what is that polite? And polite's not fun, you know? He says hi. I say hi. And, uh, you know, we don't shake hands because we're usually both busy and have our hands full. Oh, I got a great line for that, but I'm not going to get your choice. Yeah. Two, eight to two, seven eight times just sat there in a morning the Joe Rose and Kenny and Bo battle. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. No, it's to no. Nippen sons. And then let's see. Who anybody else we care about in the morning? How about my buddy Ricky Tiki Shaw? I mean, 25, 54 or S I would either demo. Uh, but let's take a look at him, where do you, how are they? W, M, X, J is, uh, 20 second with a one seven not two thrilling here. I think Ricky is making a good choice Just kidding Rick, you know he respite he's on our my space page When you send me a message once and I responded something about him like an old fart You know just a joke and that was the end of that and again It's not personal. I'm sure he still listens But it was just like we discussed last week. There are people who hear from once or maybe once or twice and then that's it And then maybe like many months later, maybe you'll hear from them again, or maybe not You know I'm just I don't know how to look at that That's the way people are What is this look at that five to seven a.m. O. D. Simbert we would we didn't had a good book on the station if we wouldn't have been for December We got a host man. We got a host the QM people to knock in a diaries in December Wow, anyway midday here's the impotent stuff for bonus money WQM number one Today 6.9 you see something sexual there. We got a 69 would have a point right there in the middle I can't tell you that is correct And I'll audio on more had a 66 so we've eaten by three tenths of a point which isn't like, yeah It's not like nippin so I've been talking good enough good enough for us getting up to get I'm still waiting my big email from Joe Bell saying congratulations Nearly did again and spread of the fact that we got your hands tied together and we hate George like poison right CNQ no speaking in lace 5.8 a audio hit more 4.6 the interesting thing in the top five stations And they were the only English speaking station on there and of course the only a m the next a m Is I would d with a three three we more than doubled I would d which includes rush how do you like that? We kicked his right wing fat a pill pop an ass How do you like that And then after that the next a m raxy with a 2.1 we got a 6.9 they got a 2.1 Tell your kishki's out Joel and I've just said Rosencran's birthday is gonna be on the way back to New York in the middle of the night over the weekend Scare America I and Z's got a 2.0 there which isn't much of a number but for them it's a move, you know Nadio Romancia Oh, that's right. I keep get the two confused is a m r and then m r r m a Radio romancia and radio amor amor remort I hear it the more how's Chris Montez do and more I see it the more I like it come right up Man is correct the more I see it the more I like it and of course that's my life Chris Montez hey Chris you care what I'm screaming my hands I think he was a me I made a con or I made a con to lay my son and it's not the Mr. Riftley what oh, I would guess I read Well listen remember that scene when it sounds a Mr. Riftley yes I I Chris Montez he was ugly anyway and by the way Mobiley bubbly what's it got Michael bubbly I forgot already I know look to me Baby moms maybe he know look to bed in fact my friend and two of them look a little bit together So it's probably why he thinks Michael bubbly and two of that look and because he looks a little like him not bad Not bad not what you would call like you know smoking like that Pretty good But anyway five to seven in the morning. This is very ugly The monthly is we had a point three in December 0.3 in the morning a 1.3 oh God we had a 6.6 Which is not to our nine to we had in December but compared to a 1.3 and a 0.3 and you have to know how to 1.3 or 2 to 4 that is That's the mad doggy all by himself and then a 1.2 Oh Good God is this can these numbers be from real in December and from what is this 4 to 7 a point eight? You know something we're gonna demand a raise right now. I want I want 80 million right now. Okay small bills And I'll share with you. I'll give you like about 30 minutes. What thank you Don't you think that we in this is a real feather in our ass? I would say so I'm looking at that December now because I just pulled it back off the fact especially take a look at those numbers man the station was almost invisible Still we had a 6.6 baby in December in spite of all that well, you know Neil was going through all of that my space and nobody wants to hear that And it was bedtime stir right man. They should they should be flying up here right now and kiss me all over both teeth All four keys God for all and when I'm up in bulk and take a slap in all the women with a paper and lips around the pole I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers iron balance one to two hours You've been worth my internship at the you're writing some diet Well, I don't assure you what a big ass and I was to you and how Rack them don't you can find somebody good enough to fill my baby pants Amazing Now James I love to be coming back I'm tired considering a little greater than a counter egg Hmm Do you want to know what I'll say if I'm shut that transmitted of loud Sure Thank you Oh That one made one my very favorite right so I just can't play it off of it My faith all right did I mention I know what you're laughing about I'm I'm shocked I usually can pretty well figure those things out, but you were more optimistic I don't think you were optimistic. I think it was a switchful thinking you know what wise I will did Did you oh yeah, I thought it was a sacrifice to chicken hoarding Neil went on the door had to go and A Billy goat from 111 votes on the pool. We're not doing too bad. What's the main reason you've never called Neil? I have called we have in 17 pretty consistent 26 for silly audience have called us I like that. I mean of course that doesn't mean it may be one soon I like that easily. It's a the show's been on a long time been on a damn long time not long enough though I'm gonna tell you this what did I tell you about this day? In fact, I think I said it Wednesday was like turning the corner of my life Uh-huh. I have no material 291. Yeah, we've noticed And for the 300 to 17 yeah a lot of those could say the same they have no material, but they still call that's okay We don't respect much material We just don't want a couple of lunatics on it. There are lunatics in my life. There is a one on the my space who's obviously You know doing everything you can to try to screw it all without much success by the way And then we got the couple on the phone but other than that, I still persevere like I told him a survivor Remember the monkeys I'm a survivor? Yeah, what's that the monkeys? I don't think so. I'm a survivor What's the song I'm so good I don't know I don't know where I think that was the song you haven't even monkeys in there? What a heavy that survivor. Oh, I have no material to it 91 I don't call anybody to 18 probably hermit's to 18 2 visit away 175. I'm afraid to get rift 74 the old man will rip my ass while you enjoy it Most of your in the SNM anyway I'm listening out of quality 47 you see we just added that and it's moving up nicely I hate this full only 38 2.9 percent. I don't have a phone 21 Well, George now with that big moment as money's gonna come right to your home right and buy you a phone and call you Don't want my voice recognized 18 can't call from work nine I'm shy. I'm a radio shy five shy guy. You don't want to you know And I'm a fashion out of color two you work over the I'm a believer warrior What did I say I'm a survivor survivor? Oh, yeah, I'm a believer as well as thinking that I'm holding C9 and my name is a winner Like it's gone pop up with a best year risky tip. He had you like that Now was that on a lawyer records what was I don't have that amount in phomey I do I think a Lori records Deon at one time is also on lawyer working every day on them to Belmont's Let me get the thing out here and take a look okay the monkeys I like you know I will admit it I like the monkeys me too. Well, how do you like that? What about you Chris? You know he would know the monkeys from there Watching their show and everything did you See I like them like rerunter whatever it was monkeys you just find let's see monkeys run cool gyms Well, I'm not even close. I thought they were on like What do I go less a Lori yes last train of cars for our best yes hop on it Hop aboard is it because more I think my favorite monkey song and maybe you got it there has gave you a daygreen believe it I love that song But he has a free up sleepy queen, you know, and then gay and Murray What ruin that That's it just because he's short and George from a life to a be sure that's right And he never raised either baby Joe. He always looked like he was unclean You know like he hadn't taken a fall of two years What a magic he was this in music baby And then he wound up like enough some flop house in England there. He liked Penny listening That's what happens though. Don't wish you were a base celebrity with a lot of money or see everybody will say oh, if I made all that money I know I've enjoyed it and would have saved you right cold gems Yeah Focus as cold gems cold gems cold gems. I just looked it up. I just got to the same. He's got the the Lego Anyway, F from in Baton Rouge says I remember I from F from If you don't like him, F from yes, I'd have been we or so I haven't spoken with you since November But I've been listening faithfully anyway. I think you've gained a few more listeners in the Baton Rouge area today The secretary deputy general and general council lead Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality Royal my office when you said Fidel Castro's the new head coach of the dolphins they simultaneously broke out in loud ass laughter and couldn't stop Well, that's me. I'm a panic at from I'm a real panic just ask me. I'm a funny asshole guy They asked who you were and I shower them you showed them I shower them and then we'd write off and I Sure, hope you use little body warshare from show them your website It's probably been saying great one line is like that for about 30 But third in theirs. They said that they'd let me sure to catch you show whatever they're in the or in the other Orphan says how you like that. Thank you. After you can be our publicity man in Baton Rouge in Baton Rouge Let bear on Rouge driven by gee. I wish I could remember the Frenchman that drove that horse. That was a great horse La bear on Rouge Wonderful buddy dick fine burgers listening hope everything's over to you dick and the roof didn't fall in on your head See that's one the recent he isn't there That's that's a not a good story that's unpleasant we got any follow up any update on that I guess I better check for the dolphin head coach story and also for the poppin of star story Still didn't get knock it no email from Joe Bell saying congratulations on being number one. He's probably out to lunch It wouldn't be the first time I'm sure he's very proud Flakes hits out Florida for the first time in 30 years to oh I see 30 years ago today But third man think we're getting so big. What a set it Flakes hits out Florida for the first time 30 years ago on this date January 19 177 is Snowden South Florida the only time and recorded history it's done so Life flurry swirled over ponds Swimming pools and golf courses from about six to nine a.m. of that Wednesday morning 30 years ago it's snowed Are you impressed oh here's section of us ceiling okay I better read this a 200 by 50 foot section what that's big 200 foot by 50 foot section of ceiling drywall collapsed at Pompeo Friday morning Under all I see at a casino on a construction It wasn't inside the track it was at the casino park No one was hurt when they it was an accident but nobody got hurt when the ceiling fell about 1045 this morning Said Sandbrook King spoke woman for Pompeo Bay to a far rescue Structural life for plane engineers along with OSHA temporarily shut down all construction until it built these deemed safe Casino officials say they expect a construction time table on 150 million out of building remain unchanged The building set up to open in March with several restaurants to 15 hundred spots to calculate the harness race track on the property at Pompeo Park one Okay, well nobody got hurt So it's a little bit scary, you know, but it's an accident nobody got hurt So what's all do we do now? I think now that we're One Oh, you talk about you for you go home. We start celebrating You know you know to me and I know it's just it sounds so Tacky to go you know start patting yourself on the back But when you look at them monthlys in December when there's a 23 at 5 to 7 a 1 3 in a morning or 1 point And again, that's not a knock on the guys. It's just a knock on the way the month or the diaries We have a six six in there and then the heavens of one three in fact Our number in the December is harder than all the other day parts put together You believe me of course I'm going in now man I heard then all the rest of the station and of course Your your your our miss because you are hard at but should be thanking our loyal audience for coming through for us I do that's all the programmers of the other radio stations for continuing to put soil on the air. That is correct So that even if we sit here and just go like that's our cars we still get least automatic fire with that See we got five already about a six Yeah Oh six five breaking records yeah, we're breaking wind and breaking records here a QM of Neo Rogers show and of course This is with no promotion with a Hard-ass bitch over there in four miles that the joys Naples remember how she's hanging it up do everything she can to deep surf us And of course with the yeah Well company that want wants you to make magic in it room there with the equipment that even even the thus will be embarrassed Mark Coney would laugh his ass off. I do like that Mark Coney and cheese though And I'm not gonna eat it because I'm gonna continue and everyone I said yesterday Now I never I forgot to get on the skill this morning, but after I had those a couple of episodes. I'm sure I'm right back down there about 187 or eight And by the time I make my next visit down there I'm gonna weigh about 170 pounds and I might have to actually You know Send you a picture or stop by and you know have you seen here something like what you got that camera? I know you have said I don't know what I gave you you got another word so I have a new digital one ever used it yet start start I don't know I'm snapping right now That's snap at it and what that be something. I'll be like Born again. I think I'm born again and all these people that poop-puted and give me crap Including I don't want to mention you names with certain people. Oh, you can't make any friends on that mice face I'm and I felt the same way. I was so as you would call the press and suicide alone point And it turns out I got a couple of great friends on there Great in the sunshine state and even you like I don't think you've ever got contaminated with a brand and have it No, no you'd like him too. He's a perfect nougat ball. You like him. He's gonna Are cut a guy Yeah, perfect na uh, gulf ball. That's what it's like. I don't know what the kind of people that is absolutely correct 1231 hosts on the pool. I don't think we're gonna make it to 1300 if we did that and on top of me a number one I think That would be almost more than anybody could deal with I Was attacked by the monkey fun He wasn't meant my friend would job Oh no, I don't feel safe in India Oh, I'd rather be a new york and drive a cab Thank you my friend Thank you my friend Oh Even Or so I They're neighborhoods Immediately went and talked with the west commanders and their ally counterparts and they burgeoning more policy debate in the US The first group of extra troops a brigade of the 82nd Airborne has just arrived in Baghdad and gates said it was too early to print it Top pushes plan for crawling the secretary and violence of the capital will work for the brigades There to be sent to right between now and May a some of the Iraqis follow-through under commitment to bring three additional Iraqi armor We're gays into Baghdad and we'll all raise against all illegal militias Asked how the Iraqi government was doing to me. It's commitments case you said so far so good Come see from saw men's a men's Casey stress that it was too early to say with confidence how long US military will have to maintain a higher troop level and Baghdad and Western and Bar province, but he said it not domestic note You're gonna see some progress gradually over the next 60 to 90 days. Right sure we are It's gonna be great. I think there's gonna be two looks and death adults growing on every street corner and people are gonna be lying Pansies everything else and people are gonna be laughing and slapping to other on the ass and high-fiving and low-fiving and the tip and their burccas each other's gonna be great Right right not Swillery what do I really want to read a story about swillery to all and take some call out those? There's a lot of calls on the board saying Hey congratulations you guys have been number one or something like that you think yeah, that's they're gonna sit I doubt it now WQA at home That's what they're gonna say QA and hello Anyhow, I just want to congratulate you and curious George on you biggest Brady because I'm a Cori La Green and Sally and Think he inherited What was that? I had no idea neither this he but it was in him what did I tell you and it delacerately had the I hadn't you know he didn't here we say that So what do you think about that And when I was normal is wasn't my just hey normal just relax okay I'm doing a radio show here Okay, just relax today calm down all the Southern cravey just out of control Okay, consider the source consider what you're doing with Put the lotion in the motion that's all I continue Crazy people like that and that's the reason and all the my space members by the way Who are very frustrated or the fact that I can't respond to them and can't send any outgoing because we're on an Probation because allegedly we're spamming an audio audio and all all set up by a crazy person out there It's a radio show And by the way if you're writing messages back to somebody who claims to be over legal age Unless you really ought to control and they're gonna like come and bring somebody's house down or something like that What's the big sentence anyway? And the one thing about me I always write on their no matter what they look like no matter how hot they pretend to be or whatever I always say, well, you know, I don't troll here for looking for sex and I don't Is the van truth Because I don't have to be a crazy person who bet and like I said There are some crazy people out there and one more The integral is got very serious problems needs to get some ass systems From 140 three votes and a poll not to bad and The phones are smoking today. Well, don't tell you about turning a court in that tell you I said give them a rental car go out there and drive all the way down yonge Street all the way to Lake and to take a leap WQAM hello Yes, sir. I was in normal camp Room there I'm a cat and wrong Okay, WQAM hello QAM yes Yeah, during the 80s there was a lot of snow in the town just Yeah Yeah, like at the end there was a lot of suitcases full of snow And go ask your ex governor of fan ask governor's daughter about that about the snow Like I said I That I have no material on the poll that should be number one it should be far in a way number one The city and yeah, they were artists if they were being honest well keep in mind a lot of people have called Softy hand material like this guy. I thought he was very very funny and very very clever Very funny a real panic WQAM hello Oh and I think oh the boxes came on again So she produced oh sure up that sound on your end because he is so Don't you weigh in a lot of Uncle Neil yes, sir happy Friday and back to you I am missing an outspits of congratulations on the ratings. Thank you What is your address on my space by the way? My space dot com slash Neil God oh Neil God, okay, so what's my Neil rod just didn't find that in it? I'm on there a little bit but that would be proud to have you as a friend while I be equally proud Did you I shouldn't you call it Toronto floor to game last night? Yes, I did and seems to me the final score was least three in the Panthers two I could be wrong about that but I do believe that was the score that's what it was when I left that was Was it just me or was there a couple of greasy goals in the first period? Let me say again. There's sure is help wasn't anybody there and Tuesday when they played the who the Carolina nothing will be fired at them to ignore game to Kirline and have nobody watching it. It's just just amazing to me Yeah, I hear you lots of people disguised as empty green sheet fire this is absolutely correct sir We'll soon have a wonderful weekend in a great life back at you. Thank you So what did I tell you huh turn the corner baby turn the corner Oh Good 1.31 at 5.60 WQAM. I mentioned by the way. I forgot to mention that I guess. Well good. Still don't have any emails to congratulate us from Joe Bell or Maddie Bell or Alexander Graham or anybody else. I'm going to leave you there having a meeting for the figure out why the rest of the station was in the toilet. If we could just bring more people to sports. Yeah, for you just have more sports days in the van. Everybody in the world wanted her all sports all day. QAM is given away two tickets to Super Bowl 41. By the way, go pay for your time. That's Sunday man. That's how I'm very nervous. I was very nervous about San Diego game and they pulled that really out of there. Right dome, but. But who knows? There you go. When push comes the show of Peyton Manning near those choking gagging sons. Am I right Chris? In the big game? Yeah. Are you doing time for your route for the calls? Yes. WQM is given away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win. Nothing in the envelope for you, by the way. Log out at WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club. Remember Godfather 3 and he's handed out the envelopes with all the money in Michael or her. And there's Joey Zazan. Nothing for you. Oh, for me. Log out at WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club. Then listen for your name to be an asteroid in the power out of an accours life Super Bowl prize pack and the automatically qualified as 1-41 finalist for the big grand prize drawing. Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from Cours Life and 560 WQAM. Let's go back. Yeah, listen. This is like there'd be nothing in the envelope. Wait, no. And there wasn't going to be any way. There wasn't going to be any. I'm not that easy. I'm just not that quick with the response. From 1506 votes on the poll. I'm a fancening out of color. I was got five already. I'm a shy six. They're shy people out there. They're a little nervous about talking to a famous people like me on the phone. We're not the phone sometime. That's right. Or even on the fact sheet. Talk in a minute. Or even say email. The US should camp the number of troops in Iraq while increasing American forces in Afghanistan. Senator Hillary Clinton said, oh, I look at her and I get really scared. You know, she scares the crap out of me. It's simply expected front runner for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination was quick to seize this spotlight. And after Illinois Senator Barack Obama took a major step toward entering the race. Appearing on network television and radio shows to discuss her recent trip to Iraq, the New York Center to announce she opposes President Bush's plan to increase US troops in Iraq and favors redeplying troops out of Baghdad and eventually Iraq. She said she also favors conditioning economic aid to Iraqi governments progress in being certain political goals. She is so wishy-washy. And Yadiyada, she just makes me say, if I just can't say that. And let me say it again. Did not I tell you beyond the shadow of it out that whole Ethan business and at business of black here in my space? All this. There was only one person in saying enough to be patching with stuff like that. Find a life. Okay. Nobody on it. So it's throwing for sex, throwing for anything on my space. It's a social thing. If I make friends on there, that's my business. Go find a life. Please do everybody in the universe of favor. Find a life. Get some help. Spend a few years in the rubber room. Okay until I'm broken, then you can come out again. Jesus. Oh God. Amazing. Always comes back to the same craft. Sure. And the minute that I let him know that I was under that crap and sent that last email about nice try you, if you can learn to take whatever was. All of a sudden profile cancel all this other crap going on. Get a life. That's my suggestion. Mr. Unmentsenable man. Get a life. I have no life. I know that. I'm trolling. This is somebody who puts this thing on there. Another fool. So you know it was a same craft. You know that. Yeah. What did I tell you about that, too? And now when you go to that trash base dot net that picture. Huh? All over there. Like from my lower allows here is the under a million times which means that this person is he's on our my space page like stink on Joyce man. He's all over it. Like stink on elephant tongue. But hey, it keeps him off the street, I guess. The North Carolina Republican who coined the term freedom fries will lead a press conference on a bill to put the breaks out of any US military strike against Iran. Representative Walter Jones, Republican of North Carolina's proposed legislation requiring the president to consult and receive authorization from Congress before initiating a military attack on Iran. In fact, they don't have already this morning was 1130 this morning. They had the press conference along with co-sponsors Ron Paul of Texas and the Aliber Crombie of Hawaii. You know something I don't think I ever saw that before my life. I don't know what is that. Hawaii. Hi. Hi. Hi. Richard Neil of Maine. And what is M.A. is that the N.E. is Maine of Massachusetts. Wayne Gilchrist and Maryland and Marty Mead of Massachusetts. Jones became prominent in 2003 when he pushed Congress to record the cafeteria as the House of Representatives office buildings changed the name of French fries to freedom fries. In other words, yeah, another one of those. In the time census act, though, Jones has become a critically Iraq war. This change of hard appears to inform Jones' current policy. One of the many lessons from our involvement in Iraq is that Congress needs to ask to write questions prior to exercising its constitutional authority to approve the U.S. military force Jones said in a January 12th, 10th of Ross story. The North Carolina Republican added that the possibility that semi-wester officials are contemplating military action against Iran required the legislative ranks to make it crystal clear that no previous resolution passed by Congress authorizes such U.S. force. Representative Ron Paul, the Texas Republican and one foreign for president. As a libertarian, explained to Ross to our advice, folksman that he's opposed to any escalation of the Middle East conflict with Iran. One ever formed that may take. He warned in his weekly Texas straight tech talk column that the administration intends to move the U.S. posted way dangerous and ill advised conflict with Iran. He specifically feared that he can trap government donk and typhoon, so that he may occur to gain proper support for an attack on Iran. Referring to the engagement between the U.S. and Vietnam that was used by President L.B. Jay, the disfinished vice-versa-mercismulture invention in Vietnam. Gulf of Tonkin, my ass. You know, we need everybody out of it. We watched that video. Why we fight that Eisenhower thing? Yes, they should. They should. Why we fight. It's tripping around on the cable. Is it really? Yes, it is. But you've watched it for a period of YouTube. That's why there are huge sloppers. I can't afford to rent a derbyter steel. Why we fight and we'll tell y'all, you know, it war is a big business. That's what it's all about. The world is a business and wars of big business and all these neocons, all these big money grabbers, all these boochers, who don't have any cognizance and all this, they don't give any crap about all these dead people. That's what it's all about. 1264, let's see, we've got twenty-two minutes for 36 votes. It's a possibility. We could get to 13. What do you think? I'm finding Friday. Friday is always a little bit tough. It's tough. And as you know, yeah, because people are screwed off and taken off. Taking off early? Going away from home. We can't. Great idea. And I should have mentioned. Yeah, again. Which will probably cause great combination also for certain. Lunar six out there. Too bad. Too bad. The audience likes to show it's a radio show, okay? And there is nobody else out there in mind that I can see crazy enough to believe that I'm trolling for anything online. And if I were, it's my business anyway. We don't have any minors on there. Like I said, I start every communication with people whether they're real or imaginary. You know, letting them know exactly what I'm looking for and what I'm not looking for. Trolling online. I do like that. I always wonder about people who are, you know, you can hear the skeletons rattling around their closet while they're going. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like everybody else. Crazy people. Crazy people. And then that song, Tiny Bubbles. Right. Downhole was still live, isn't it? Yes. Or he died. And he caught downhole. Goal, it would give you some to do why they're counting your bonus money. What a great day, huh? What a magnificent fantastic day. And in spite of a joyous suffrage and fun, and it's not a suffisile. And in spite of any Ojo on Provocca 2 out there in radio land, who's doing it, continuing to play a hanky spanky with his show in my life. I have one thing to say to you, okay? Ah, that's my comment. Why do you ask him? I'm so moving. I'm so moving. I can't be good looking or a bad hairy ape. By your game or maybe just straight. Looked at all my terrible friends that have got so far. Cool and I'm mine. Cool and I'm mine. I'm mine. All the time. Yeah, if I'm going to lie, if I'm lying, you're gonna find a thing. Me, you guys, you have no lie. Cool and I'm mine. Cool and I'm mine. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. Even though I'm making you greater, be lonely. You never know it might be, you're gonna find a thing. Cool and I'm mine. Cool and I'm mine. I'm all mine. It's you, you're gonna find a thing. It's the exact same spell as mine. Cool and I'm mine. Cool and I'm mine. Should I lie down like that? No, it's not like that. One 46 and 560 and let me also see you make one other comment too before the weekend comes because when when specific people when people were just are unglued a bit like that so if anybody out there in the audience and that includes anybody gets any bizarre I mean psychotic messages alleging to be for me on my space is not for me okay first of all can't send any how right I can't send any on their anyhow I'm just suggesting that because I know that when certain individuals become like really like that then they've got only those and of course it's still god I know it's believe me but if six different people are Josh court is just wait yeah that's right eighty different people can be oh god but whatever Air Force Colonel reports lights not of this world this story just really crashed me up snap images above Arkansas I have no idea what they were he said don't these kind of stories really get you they're interesting I just can't you know wait for the real one but you don't see wonder when what's his name come back on here or our fellow speed on the heart fell in Joe Bell and I didn't know and Maddie Bell and the way to report to unidentified flying objects over Chicago is over here airport it retired Air Force pilot is his own mystery with the ranch of bright colorful icy photograph ever again skies over western Arkansas last week I believe these lights were not of this world and I feel the duty and responsibility come forward Colonel Brian Fields told world net daily which is a lunatic publication I have no idea what they were field 61 was cooking chicken at his van beer Arkansas home 10 or 9 he was cooking chicken and as if that makes a difference when just before seven p.m. he observed two intensely bright lights as he looked to the southeast close to the horizon while he was cooking chicken at first I thought that we're landing lights from an aircraft he said as I continued to observe them and began to slowly disappear and suddenly one reappeared followed by two then three at least one occasion four or five appeared each time they would slowly fade and eventually disappear this occurred several times when they would reappeared they might do so in different numbers and different positions sometimes in a triangular shape sometimes stacked on top of each other sometimes line of rest oh didn't have breast oh well he said a breast oh well that when the objects appear they might stay the one he was eating chicken they would just chicken breast when he had to do it they might stay eliminated ten or more minutes fields life thought the lights may have been ground based but field says he certainly were airborne the retired Colonel spent close to thirty two years in military flying f-16s as member of the hundred eighty eights fly out fight a wing of the Arkansas your national guard I'm certain it was not an aircraft from earth said fields I wonder if he's kind of totally fields or peppy fields who also ruled out the possibility of flaring saying didn't descend like flaring typically do it's not anything I ever had any experience with there were some kind of energy or something he said fields grab his cannon digital camera with six megapixel resolution did not commit what he was like we're seeing and set numerous images of the mysterious lights which appeared white yellow and orange white yellow and orange how do you like that and by the way I mentioned we're number one he says the phenomenon less than hour and fifty minutes are local news agencies and not published or broadcast any reports of what the couple be seeing W. and these survey local place in chair of agencies as well as for chafy a decommissioned army based in the region and nobody report anything out of the ordinary I just can't imagine other people didn't see it field said noting they appeared at times like a yo-yo five-tint degrees about the horizon earlier this month as you got a tribute report that workers for united airlines and they saw flying saucer like I've been hovering low over or here in an actual airport there was named of course over for out after France is over here flying low over or here in a national for several minutes before a bolding through thick clouds with such intense energy that left an area whole in the overcast skies with my least favorite kind an area whole then of ever seven setting took place just before sunset around four thirty in a p.m. according to two-in-colors john hook of it all the witnesses said the object was dark gray and well defined in the overcast skies they said the craft estimated by different accounts to be six to twenty four feet diameter did not display any lights some said looked like a floating frisbee a rotating frisbee other said it's not a period of spending at all like a dravel even the going couldn't believe it and all agree the object that made no noise and was in a fixed position the sky just below the nineteen and a foot cloud that was shooting off in the cloud there goes there goes get it you missed it you fair right when interviewed on national public radio about the story of the kitchen the cave that was anything but a hoax that's when impressed me about this he said all the nation professionals very credible sources they're all very serious people hope to be said they're not saying what they saw was you know a spaceship from another planet that was unidentified it was in restricted airspace and ever concerned from a safety standpoint that if it was something man made they need to get out of there because they were having busy flat out for since it really evening hours yada yada back at Arkansas kernel fields is he's a Christian who's not been able to be for an alien life forms another planets speculated what he saw can possibly relate to ancient texts from the bible all here we go he's a Christian is he's a little like that one of them is loop 21 11 or Jesus discusses signs of the end time sitting and great earthquake shall be in diverse places and famines and pestleensers and fearful sights in great signs of the dead from heaven another is even more ancient go back to the time of Noah's flood the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair and they took them wives of all which they chose there were giants in the earth in those days and also after that when the sons of god came in under the daughters of men and they bear children to them the same became mighty men of which were old men of renowned and but he played and all this crap goes on and on the end times baby in fact maybe some of them christian scientists are not going to be over the weekend if you really unlucky in the between all the end times in here and Jesus is coming back in on a motorcycle and all the other crap I wouldn't be surprised if Jesus shows up on our my space page but that's the price you I think he's all agree he's all got a page and he's got his own page on it snappy sandals by the way I lovely a little on the gates I but what can you do what did I tell you about that Ethan thing the men of I saw it on here I said you crap and crap and the flap and I played with that back in fourth for the long time and then yeah when is they oh yeah came on glued see if it could have kept that going for a while might have meant something but it didn't and it still doesn't and it's still already your show and a my space page what's the main reason you never called me we have 1287 12 yeah we got 13 most of the minutes we could do it we give to 1300 see I haven't been pushing it I laid off probably the eight we need 12 and eight minutes easy I have called 35 and even 26 percent that seems to be the number I have number 30 or one I don't call anybody 2221 228 1876 afraid Neil rip my ass 76 I'm a listener not a call 71 I hate this full 38 I don't have a phone 22 don't want my voice recognized 19 okay I can't call from work 13 I'm shy 10 and I'm a fact you're not a caller soulament they say the biggest name so best challenge to the faces you rockers underpants that file you tell .